  i meant to direct it at your comment . 
  a lot of people are unaware of how odds works , so i just wanted to clarify that . 
  oh , we where good at this !, 
  forced sterilization of rom . 
  abduction of sami children , attempting to wipe out their language and culture . 
  widespread use if soviet pows to build infrastructure . 
  technically the nazi 's fault , but we did n't really object . 
  i guess i should clarify ; low odds means that something is likely . 
  most people think high odds equals likley . 
  what are the odds of this actually happening ? 
  the president of france ( afaik the military leader of france ) declared this to be an act of war , he pointed tlon the side that cause it , and that side admitted they are behind the events . 
  so , what else is needed right now to trigger the article 5 ? 
  article 5 of nato and article 42-7 of european treaty are not the same . 
  invoking one does not invoke the other . 
  nothing other is needed to trigger article 5 , but they wo n't trigger it without first talking to nato . 
  as i said , invoking article 5 would put turkey in an awkward spot . 
   turkey 's already fighting against the same well known enemy - the fact they are fighting another party also is irrelevant . 
  yes , they 're fighting the kurds ; phesmerga and ypg . 
  if turkey starts attacking isis the kurds will advance , which is exactly not what turkey wants . 
  turkey has over and over again bombed kurdish forces when they feel that their advances pose a threat to turkey . 
  fighting isis means that they indirectly ends up supporting a group that wants to break away and rule over parts of turkey . 
  nope . 
  they might do it , but i doubt it , as it would put turkey in an awkward spot . 
   breakfast and lunch , as far as i can tell , consists of a bread and a cup of milk per person , with salami , cheese , marmalde and chocolate sprinkles . 
  exactly what i 've been eating all my life for breakfast and lunch . 
  and here lies the issue . 
  many of the refugees seem to think that europe is the land of milk and honey , where money is given a way willy-nilly , fully furnished apartments are given to everyone and that free food of your own choosing is given away at every street corner . 
  we could certainly pay , but we wo n't . 
  it has long been a policy not to pay ransoms , as it 's believed that it only fuels more kidnappings . 
  i agree that forced relocation would help weed out any economic migrants . 
  but forcing states in eastern europe to accept migrants against their will is short sighted , and wo n't solve any problems . 
  the eu needs to pass effective measures . 
  namely increased border control , sea patrols to take the boats back to the countries of origin , eu funded camps abroad . 
  also , accept and safely transport refugees that show a genuine wish to integrate and live by european laws and values . 
   but running a democracy by sitting on your ass , laughing at your allies because they made a mistake and instead of trying to help just block any attempt to remedy the situation is a good long term strategy ? 
  that sounds an awful lot like what merkel is doing to greece . 
  forcing greece to not default on its enormous debt , which of course greece is responsible for in the first place , by massively cutting public spending , defunding helathcare and slashing pensions . 
  in fact , greece 's weak economy is part of the migration issue , they simply do n't have the resources to block unlawful migrants , and register the rest . 
  poland has had a somewhat german aligned voting pattern as of late . 
  the same can be said for some other nations as well . 
  this will probably change if they 're forced to accept migrants they do n't want . 
  running a democracy by constantly forcing majority votes is not a got long term strategy . 
  the european parliament is supposed to seek unanimous desicions , but majority votes are accepted if there is no other way . 
  it might not change the german public 's opinion of her , but it would drastically shift the west-east dynamic in the european parliament . 
  if eastern europe starts forming coalitions opposing germany and merkel , it would become exceedingly difficult for merkel to pass what she wants to pass . 
  such a rift could spell the end of the eu . 
  merkel knows that her playing field has narrowed now that poland has a new government . 
  they could force it by a majority vote , but it would cause a massive backlash in eastern europe . 
  i do n't think merkel has enough political capital to survive that . 
  but somehow they manage to walk through the whole god damn ~ ~ europe ~ ~ eu before filing for asylum in sweden . 
  what does that tell you about the state of border control ? 
  it 's also worth mentioning that the referendums were extremly close , in 72 53.5 % and in 94 52.2 % voted against inclusion in the eu . 
  today the opposition is much stronger and most of us are very happy that we did n't enter eu seeing how much of a clusterfuck is has been in many aspects since 2007-8 . 
  i 'm not saying ( 4/8 ) chan or the_donald did n't have an effect , they certainly did , i do n't think they 'll succeed in europe . 
  our media is much less fast paced , robbing fringe groups of attention . 
  european culture is less accessible to the english speaking fringe and i simply do n't think they `` get us '' well enough to meme their way to victory . 
  on the other hand , breitbart is branching out and are opening a french language site . 
  there 's probably a market for `` alternative media '' focusing on immigration and integration problems . 
  it 's full speed ahead for operation mega - make europe great again . 
  i do n't expect them to be very successful . 
  memeing is difficult when most of them do n't speak the language or understand the cultural quirks of each country . 
  say goodbye to neoliberalism and hello to neonationalism . 
  i think the mobilising factor in the second round will be fear/hate of le pen and not the great character/skill of the opponent . 
  i do n't know enough about the political climate in france to give an insightful comment , but i think any leak/exposing documents need to be really bad to propel le pen into power . 
  we 're talking keeping children locked up in the basement kind of bad . 
   can le pen win in france ? 
  i 'll let the french on this sub chime in , but i ca n't really see her win unless she goes up against sarkozy . 
  le pen vs juppe seems like it would be a landslide in favour of juppe , even if the current polling is somewhat off . 
   and can wilders become prime minister in the netherlands ? 
  unlikely . 
  he and pvv would need to garner a huge amount of seats for that to happen . 
  the other parties are trying to keep pvv out of power by brokering deals and setting up wide coalitions . 
  if i were you , i 'd worry more about the swedish democrats . 
  the union will survive if it manages to adapt , but going by juncker 's recent comments about how we need to learn trump about europe and its ways , i doubt he 's the right man to do it . 
  my worst fear is that the current hubris of the eu elite continues and leads to a wide revolt and eventual dismantlement of the union . 
   we will no vote for bigots , and the world will finaly learn which country is the country of the enlightments and the human rights . 
  carefull there , you 're starting to sound a lot like the establishment in the uk pre-brexit and in the us pre-trump . 
   the eu is the eu states at least militarily . 
  saying the eu will not support poland militarily is completely obvious if you want to say the eu as an institutions . 
  if you 're not gon na define the eu by its institutions , then what are you left with ? 
  you 're splitting hairs . 
   that is because it literally does not have a military . 
  exactly my point . 
  the eu would have nothing to do with any sort of nato operation aside from being a common forum for the eu members to discuss . 
   i 'd be also very skeptical if removing the us hurts the capability of nato to fight a war in eastern europe more than removing all eu states . 
  european countries have limited air power , ground power and navy . 
  the us could , by itself , protect poland from a russian invasion if they were allowed to use military infrastructure in ee such as airfields . 
  removing us from nato would leave us with a set of countries that would not be able to withstand a russian incursion into ee . 
  we could probably hold them off from reaching central europe , but that has more to do with the immense front line and supply problems russia would run into . 
  if i had the choice between joining a military alliance like nato , one with only the us and the other only with european allies , i 'd pick the first . 
  edit : fixed a typo, 
  do n't mix up eu states and the eu as the same thing . 
  i 'm sure eu states would participate in protecting poland through nato , but not because they 're part of the eu . 
  nato would be left less capable if you remove the us than if you removed the eu member states . 
  stating otherwise just shows your inability to understand how badly the military capability of european countries has become . 
  the uk and france pull their weights , and also poland , the rest of europe not so much . 
  nato . 
  the eu has no real military power other than whatever the individual nations can agree to support . 
  the eu can only oppose russia via economic sanctions , and they 're already falling apart as more and more countries struggle with the loss of export to russia . 
  do n't forget about le pen !,
