  it does n't apply for every party , but a large portion of them are pretty far to the left/centre on economic and social issues, 
  he 'll probably have more political effect by being an outsider constantly pulling the rest of the parties towards the right . 
  i 'm by no mean an expert on the dutch political system , buy i ca n't really see him and pvv ending up in government unless he either gets an extremely high result or if he tones down some of the rhetoric . 
  it 's not like wilder 's conviction is going to give him less support . 
  it plays very well into his idea of being persecuted for saying things `` everyone is thinking '' . 
   car bomb attack targeting police forces sounds more likely to be pkk than isis then ? 
  i feel really sorry for the turks . 
  being stuck between terrorists and erdogan , not a good place to be . 
  tsipras has an advantage since he does n't wear a tie . 
  he can just grab erdogan by the tie and pull , instant win . 
  and this is why the stupid relocation quotas wo n't work . 
  they 'll just use the borderless schengen area to move around to countries such as germany and sweden . 
  they might not qualify for any social support there , but they 'll work and live illegally . 
  i 'm sorry to see romanians being exploited in such a way . 
  here , see my other [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5heg05/war_in_reurope/dazr58m/ ) in this thread . 
  is this really not common knowledge in sweden ? 
  sure . 
  it 's referenced in [ this ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/sweden-s-role-in-nazi-defeat-of-norway-is-laid-bare-1-2339351 ) article , as well as in the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_during_world_war_ii#occupation_of_denmark_and_norway ) . 
  there 's also the book `` blodsporet '' by espen eiburn which uses declassified documents to retell what happened . 
  also there is a newly published book `` det svenske sviket '' - `` the swedish betrayal '' that documents the swedish actions during the war , both in early during the invasion and later when norway was liberated . 
  is this not common knowledge in sweden ? 
  the german navy was decimated during the sea battles , and lost almost 50 % of its destroyers during the two battles , but the german land forces fared better , though the suffered some setbacks as supplies started running low . 
  the pullback at narvik was very unpopular and heavily debated at the time , but newly declassified material shows that the british navy though it would be impossible to hold the beach head if sweden would still allow german troops to travel through neutral sweden . 
  sweden were good buddies later . 
  they housed and helped train a large number of young norwegian men in exile . 
  wikipedia has a small [ article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_police_troops_in_sweden_during_world_war_ii ) on it . 
  the same troops were used during the liberation of norway once the war ended . 
  the trains also carried heavy weapons , artillery , aa and some light tanks . 
  the allied forces were backed into a corner and low on ammo after having been forced to retreat for 800 kilometers in horrible weather . 
  the german aa also made any attempt at providing airdrops of ammo and forces impossible . 
  the forces at narvik were the last remnants of the norwegian army after it got destroyed during the initial invasion . 
  sweden allowed three trains with 40 sealed carriages carrying 20 soldiers each to enter norway via sweden . 
  this allowed germans to mobilise and defeat the allies in the battle of narvik , effectively killing the last attempt at retaking norway by norwegian and british troops . 
  let 's not forget that you allowed the germans to use swedish telegraph lines , which you tapped . 
  you had all information about the coming invasion , and yet no one gave us a heads up . 
  r/norway remains neutral as always , but sincerely hopes the r/sweden this time refrains from letting germany use its railways to invade us . 
  europe will remain even if the eu , ez or whatever collapses . 
  a unified europe on the other hand might just die . 
   ideally we would have recognised the structural issues with the euro when the crisis began economists pointed out the inherent flaws long before the euro was ever implemented . 
  yet the politicians with their endless hubris decided to give it a go . 
  another week and another bank close to collapsing . 
  to think that we 've been dealing with this ever since the financial crisis ... 
  i know wilders did n't actually get killed for his belief . 
  my point is that his supporters will see this as an unfair sentence and that the establishment is working against him on the basis of his beliefs . 
  sentencing wilders will only make him a martyr in his supporters eyes . 
  you guys have n't tried nukes in a while and apparently trump keeps asking his advisors why you ca n't use them , i guess that 's the next step ? 
  nah , just bomb them harder / s, 
  the saga goes on !, 
  nope , we 're buying 52 ( ! ), 
  of them . 
  turns out they 're very expensive and now we 're postponing more or less all other investments in the armed forces , with the expection of four or five new p8 poseidon surveillance planes . 
  at this rate we 're going to replace our aging artillery from the 50s sometime in the 2030s ... ps : do n't tell russia !, 
   but then certain countries lost their collective minds for a year and here we are , complaining about how of course it 's the eu and evil germany that fucks over greece now matter how shitty that move was , they should 've all seen it coming . 
  this is a lesson to a lot of countries , including greece that handing over sovereignty to the eu can bite you in the ass . 
  the relocation quotas wo n't work anyways , as the freedom of movement just means that those relocated to ee will find their way to germany and sweden within days , as we 've already seen with the few ones that have agreed to be settled in ee . 
  what a good thing that greece gave up some sovereignty so that they could be forced to register and take the migrants then !, 
  do you want greece to stop registering people ? 
  cuz that 's going to happen . 
  no worries , i 've already purchased an extra can of spam , now all that remains is to buy some [ beer ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pi4aokr.jpg ), 
  we 're in the schengen so we 'd have to implement it as well . 
  what really annoys me is that we discuss exactly the same measures as the commission is currently pursuing after the brevik attacks , but the parliament rejected them since they 'd be ineffective and would only affect law-abiding citizens . 
  now we might end up implementing the same things our elected politicians voted no to . 
  what a farce . 
  i assume you 're talking about brevik ? 
  in that case : we had the discussion in norway about banning semi-automatic firearms after the attack , but all major parties agreed that a : it would affect law-abiding citizens to a large degree , and b : that terrorists still would be able to get and use weapons if they want to . 
  look at nice , they used a truck to mow down civilians . 
  they use bombs , or knives , or axes or whatever . 
  we can keep banning and regulating stuff , but it wo n't stop them . 
  the only real way of reducing terrorism is by improving our intelligence agencies . 
  brevik was on the radar due to him buying chemicals that could be used to make bombs , but not enough red flags were raised for the anti-terror service to look into him . 
  we saw the same in france and belgium , many of the terrorists had been or were under surveillance or monitoring due to extreme views or troubling statements . 
   i 'm not in favor of this ban , but making national laws is obviously a waste of time as long as you are in the common market and schengen area . 
  what we really need is better check of and control over cross-border flow of illegal weapons , both inside the schengen area and outside . 
  i will not have my hobby taken away because some badly integrated french and belgian muslims think it 's a good idea to shoot civilians to appease their sky-deity . 
  the commision is free to propose such a thing , but i do n't expect them to since it concerns the sacred cow of totally free movement of everything including illegal firearms . 
  2.2 trillion euro , and yet the inflation rate is at 0.6 % and the rates are negative . 
  says a lot about how fucked up the euro has been since 2008/2009, 
  good luck trying to get the commission to understand that . 
  they 're either stupid , or they 're trying to use the recent terrorists attacks as an excuse to slowly disarm the general population through salami tactics . 
  this time they 're going for semi-automatic guns . 
  guess what happens when a new terrorist attack happens and the directive did n't stop it ? 
  the commission will propose yet another ban on another type of firearm , saying that the previous directive did n't go far enough . 
  give this a few cycles and suddenly you 'll not be allowed to buy pocket knifes without a permit . 
   dude when you are caught saying something illogical , it 's better not to double down on it . 
  how the hell is that illogical ? 
  we 're stuck in a limbo-like situation where no side has enough power to force or do anything rational , instead both parties blame the other for not doing enough . 
   who used that language ? 
  it is pretty funny calling it `` forced '' and talking about the ussr when the eu is unable to force anything . 
  but i already pointed this out and you seem to find schr\u00f6dinger 's union a perfectly valid concept . 
  the mandatory forced relocation scheme was forced through via a qmv , to the great dissatisfaction of the v4 . 
  doing something against someone 's will is forcing . 
  the whole relocation scheme fell under the umbrella term of showing `` solidarity '' to the border states . 
  in other words , forced solidarity . 
  the eu is simultaneously a tyrant who pushes nations around and a useless bureaucratic organization who ca n't do shit . 
  the real problem is that the eu has too little and too much power at the same time . 
  it has too little power to implement/force solutions , but it has taken away too much power from nations so that the nations ' hands are tied . 
   you liken the eu to the ussr . 
  i really do n't know what the eu did to you but i hope one day you will get over it . 
  i 'm not likening the eu itself to the ussr , i 'm just pointing out the stupidity of `` forced solidarity '' . 
  the eu does that sort of things all the time , redefining language in a way i 'd only expect from 1984 or ussr .
