  some of them actually seemed at bit rattled when they where interviewed right after being released . 
  why do ngos keep inflaming the situation ? 
  here in norway we had volunteers braking migrants out of deportation camps and generally making the situation unstable . 
  and to top it of all off , they got incredibly salty when they where fined . 
  apparently they did n't know that breaking people out of police guarded camps , driving them away in private cars , dodging chasing police cars along the way and attempting to cross the border with a bunch of people you know have been court order to be returned to their home country is illegal . 
  every time i hear about soros i 'm torn between him being a real life evil genius , or just an old man that get blamed for everything by conspiracy crackpots . 
   it 's likely to be oil and shipping industry that is getting to them . 
  nobody really has done any big write-offs from those thus far . 
  yeah , shipping is a large part of a rather risky portfolio . 
  shipping rates have stayed depressed since the 2008-crash , though they have recovered somewhat . 
  the partially state owned bank dnb ( norway ) also has a big exposure to shipping . 
  they 've been reducing their exposure since 2010 , citing the structural issues thar exists in shipping and the high risk of mass defaults . 
   i 'm curious what happens if the do-over elections in austria result in a victory for the fpo . 
  will austria be made into some sort of pariah state ? 
  iirc there were some noises before the previous election made that they 'd be expelled from the eu . 
  can the eu really take pissing of another country because the citizens exercise their democratic rights ? 
  i 'm sure some of the more zealous federalists will call for the expulsion of austria in the case of a fpo win , but it 's probably not wise when the eu is already in a weakened state after brexit and the looming banking crisis . 
  this is what happens when you employ the usual eu tactic when facing a crisis . 
  instead of fixing the structural problems , which would be politicaly unpopular , apply a temporary quick fix , kicking the can a few years down the road and hope that no one notices when the crisis returns later on . 
  all hail hilltrump , destroyer of worlds !, 
  i must admit i quite like tusk . 
  i do n't agree with everything he says , be he seems like one of the few sensible people that actually understand that you ca n't counteract the right wing anti-eu populist movement by beating them into submission using more federalism , you instead have to understand why the movement has attracted so many voters and how to properly address the voter 's concerns . 
  and combine with this with a visa waiver for turks , and our worst nightmare comes true . 
  several war game simulations done by nato friendly think tanks have concluded that there 's no way nato can stop russia from taking the baltics if they launch a surprise attack . 
  norwegian army officials have been very clear that if russia attacks we 'll just forfeit large parts of our northern territory by pulling back to terrain choke points and blow any bridges hoping to stall russia long enough for us forces to mobilize . 
  good luck balancing the budget if france and uk pulls completely out . 
   the eu is actually willing to implement the referendum result right away , and for the uk to invoke article 50 tomorrow . 
  i honestly think the eu is trying to call uk 's bluff . 
  cameron has essentially check mated his successor by refusing to invoke article 50 himself , leaving it up to whomever comes after him . 
  it 's looking more and more like we 're ending up with a soft-brexit . 
  guess they say that about everything . 
  well , it sure seems like it !, 
  accepting every directive thrown our way , domestic politicians mumbling something about a right to veto which they dare not use . 
  at least we get to keep our fish for ourselves , whatever comfort that may be . 
  huh . 
  on second thought , turkey can join the eu !, 
  they 're just like us . 
  oh , i know that we 're fucked if sweden collapses . 
  you guys can atleast just wall of a few bridges and be done with it . 
  norway shares a huge , indefensible border with sweden . 
   edit : i was wrong , sweden will apparently borrow the money to accomplish this . 
  i 'm sure this solves everything . 
  hahahahahahhaa , oh fuck our economy is so closely tied them we 're boned if they go down . 
  we 'd be happy to buy back greenland for nice sum . 
  and sweden could always sell us back herjedalen and jemtland they stole from us , 
  so , what 's the plan when this deal collapses ? 
  forced mandatory relocation quotas . 
  merkel has fewer and fewer allies left in europe and considerably less political capital than she did last summer . 
  let 's be honest , at lot of the top people of the eu , especially juncker , live in their own little echo chambers . 
  they pat each other on the back and praise the good work they do . 
  too bad that democratically elected politicians sometimes get in the way of their visions of a top-down run europe , with themselves as the ultimate masters . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm sure i read somewhere that the list was in excess of 80 , but i just checked it and you are correct . 
   i think the scale of the two things is very different , and people today actually have the option to leave . 
  i 'll admit comparing taliban to nazi-germany is a bit of a hyperbole , but they are comparable in ideology and its wish to conquer the world , but not yet in size . 
   they 're not fighting for a significant part of the free world anymore , they are fighting for some dirt poor country they were unfortunate enough to be born in , which already had little hope for the future . 
  what would be the best case scenario of them fighting ? 
  they get to see many friends die and then go back to milking a goat , although their home no longer has two walls or a ceiling . 
  they could be fighting to ensure that their children and their friend 's children grow up in a better country . 
  nobody chooses where they 're born , but you can chose what to fight for . 
  as long as the people of afghanistan and other countries keep running away to greener fields instead of trying to improve upon and keep their countries safe , the me will keep being a largely unstable shit hole . 
   if there was another world war tomorrow i 'm not even certain we would have any sort of draft for soldiers , only maybe a draft to go into production or something like that . 
  modern warfare means that a full-population draft is very unlikely other than for the means of production and perhaps protection of infrastructure . 
  that being said if we ever see a large scale warfare such as the two world wars , i expect a draft to be instated . 
  drones , ships and planes are nice , but nothing can beat boots on the ground . 
   if norway went to war with sweden , and for whatever reason we knew it was going to only stay within sweden/norway , would you stay and fight or would you leave ? 
  that depends on the situation . 
  would i fight sweden if we for some unknown reason decided to invade them tomorrow ? 
  no , i do n't see why i would . 
  there is no ideological reason to go to war to sweden , no unsettled claims , no risk of either country being wiped out by the other . 
  would i fight sweden in a hypothetical situation where a dictator has taken control and wishes to impose his will upon norway involving no rights or freedoms ? 
  yes , i would . 
  i 'd fight to combat ideologies that wish to take my and others freedoms away , but i 'd not fight for small patches of land . 
   if the scots ever got cocky ( and were a serious threat ) i 'd be on the next train to calais . 
  and then what if france is invaded by the super-scots ? 
  flee to germany ? 
  and what if germany is then invaded by the even more formidable scots now with the resources of newly conquered france ? 
  the quote `` the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing '' comes to mind . 
  if we always seek to avoid fighting hostile ideologies they 'll gain ground and be harder and harder to wipe out . 
  imagine what europe would look like today if nobody put their lives on the line and stood up to the nazis . 
  imagine what the usa would look like if they did n't rebel against the british . 
  countries are built and saved by its people fighting for it . 
  war is n't sane , but sometimes necessary if it means fighting against something which wants to see you be destroyed . 
  the me would look total different if its populace did n't let itself be ran over by extremist forces . 
  i however totally understand that people do n't want to risk their lives fighting for a country or government they do n't identify with , but it 's a viscous cycle where extremists gain more and more ground and fewer and fewer people see any reasons to fight for the small pieces that are left . 
  it makes me angry to see people choosing to abandon their country in a time of need and travel across half of the globe for welfare when i know what sacrifices our european ancestors had to make to ensure that the continent is a prosperous and free as it is today . 
  the turkey-eu deal had very clear requirements , some of which were the ~ ~ 80 ~ ~ 72 legal and political requirements turkey had to satisfy before being given visa-free access to the eu for its citizens . 
  suddenly erdogan does n't want to comply with the list he agreed to , but still wants visa-freedom . 
  i swear , if the eu starts moving the goal post , so to speak , to ensure that turkey gets its visa-free deal . 
  this whole deal is badly executed and only serves to increase erdogans influence and power base both at home and in turkey . 
  most people affected by the conflict can find safe refugee within afghanistan . 
  that being said , there are definitely minorities in afghanistan that face persecution , the minute christian minority for example . 
  however , most afghans that come to europe are young , unemployed muslim men , hardly a minority . 
  most of them are draft dodgers . 
  no wonder afghanistan is going down the hole , its own youth is unwilling to fight for it . 
  well , there has been a war going on in afghanistan since early 2015 . 
  i 's mainly centered around the south-west portion of the country . 
  that being said , large swaths of the country are safe to live in , relatively speaking . 
  the problems are exacerbated by an incompetent security force , low social and political cohesion and inter - and extra-tribal wars . 
  nah , they 'll probably just read the spanish instructions .
