  ironically , we seem to be the only country on track to fulfill our quota , and it was voluntary on our part . 
  not gon na happen again . 
  it gets caught in a filter and is only approved much later , leading it to fall into obscurity unless you browse `` new '' . 
  i 'm not saying it 's on purpose , but it is . 
  all hype and no train . 
  now there 's barely any hype either . 
  no brakes and quickly rolling back down a steep hill . 
  turns out that the `` new face '' effect wears off over time . 
  who would 've thought !, 
  so a margin of error of + / -20 % , provided that the sample was a reasonable subset of the population . 
  this is a useless poll . 
  absolutely useless, 
  * slowly moves out of view hiding behind an oil barrel *, 
  the melting point of an average norwegian is 32.7 degrees . 
  global warming will become problematic for us . 
  he did n't even have a plan for what would happen in the event of an ` out ' vote . 
  what a fucking trainwreck . 
  ehh ... look the other way , please . 
  how about you actually criticize the content of the article , and not the author . 
  these are worth the watch on the basis of putin 's geopolitical analysis alone . 
  they might not be in line with other 's , but that hardly matters for a man who is both willing and able to implement them . 
  ca n't clog the mogg . 
   bad trade deals and shouldering foreign burdens are two that come to mind . 
  indeed , he 's been surprisingly coherent and firm on those things , whereas social issues is a mixed bag . 
  then again , the two things you mentioned are important problems in the business world , the finer internal workings on geopolitics is not . 
  according to themselves ? 
  well , themselves . 
  i find it hard to see them consolidate and find agreement on their respective geopolitical standings ; they ca n't even find consensus a currency they instated themselves . 
  grappling with external factors largely outside their own control is hard to do , especially when you ca n't even agree on what the problem is nor how to address it . 
  remove the us from the equation and the first thing that becomes obvious is that we have a funding issue , which is difficult enough by itself , throw the rest of the stuff in the pot and you 've got a real headache . 
  with enough time the kinks can be worked out , but if any of the external factors such as erdogan or putin really start applying pressure , the pieces will fly apart . 
  trump 's main issue is his lack of political persuasions , it seems like he genuinely does n't care either way on most policy areas . 
  he 's first and foremost a salesman , and will say whatever it takes to close the deal . 
  at the same time he has a fragile ego and does n't respond well to criticism , objection or something/someone challenging his position . 
  a show called [ yes minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yes_minister ), 
  i fully agree with what you say when it comes to the ( in ) effectiveness of sanctions . 
  in order to truly put a dent in the russians ' will to further pursue their geopolitical plays , you 've got to instate such harsh sanctions that it hurts you equally much . 
  it 's interesting to see how the two-way economical co-dependence that was supposed to make conflicts impossible are actually in this case making it difficult to punish the aggressor . 
  it 's hard not to post it . 
  it might not be entirely true , though at the very least it 's a useful lie . 
  italy had a rough time as a result of the sanctions , which is why it has been and continues to push against them within the eu . 
  at the same time germany seems intent to further facilitate its dependence on russian gas by trying to force through the north stream pipeline . 
  notice how some members are suffering as a result of the sanctions , whilst others try to skirt around them , or at least avoid sanctions that would hurt themselves ? 
   interesting that the british pushed for the expansion , and then is leaving ... [ yes , minister was on to something ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvyqb0utkle&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m00s ) still , the growing schism we 're seeing between europe and the us will keep growing as the us finds it less interesting to play mediator in europe . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see if the europeans unite more as a result , or if the us ' protecting hand disappearing is only going to further expose the geo-political cracks between the eu 's members . 
  i feel a bit bad for tillerson & co , they 're always stuck having to mop up after trump 's foreign dealings . 
  the question of sanctions against russia is a great example of the internal division within the eu . 
  germany and france did n't really want to impose sanctions to begin with , but they `` came aboard '' after some rather heavy handed nudging by their american counterparts . 
  certain southern states such as italy and greece have openly talked about and lobbied for the end of sanctions . 
  eastern european states on the other hand want to keep them in place , they have a reason to fear the russians after all . 
  a great example of how different geopolitical standings and economic factors affect how eu members treat russia and its recent posturing and actions . 
  this is on the senate . 
  interesting to see that level of bipartisanship , 98-2 . 
  ca n't boycott russian energy exports because europe is too dependent on it , solution ; build even more pipelines further facilitating european dependence . 
  it 's like responding to someone blackmailing you with nude pictures by sending them newer , even more compromising material . 
  so , a cart blanche on potential corruption then , lovely . 
  so , 200 to `` thousands '' . 
  fucking well done sweden , you 've outplayed yourself . 
  a huge majority , yet with close to record low turnout . 
  not a very healthy thing . 
  i fear macron is going to spend all his political capital on domestic reforms , leading to widespread demonstrations , especially due to changes in laws and regulations concern labor . 
  he 's then going to ask merkel for more eu integration on the euro , pointing to his reforms , only to get a `` nein '' in return . 
  it 's a court , no-one has a veto , just like the us president or house/senate ca n't `` veto '' a ruling . 
  you know , separation of powers , checks and balances and all that jazz . 
  what you 're talking about is the council , where some of the policy areas require an unanimous vote , though the number of areas where that is applicable has been reduced greatly over the years . 
  germany , want to really hurt russia ? 
  stop dismantling your nuclear reactors and reduce russian gas dependency . 
  we could sell more if you 'd actually agree to pay the slightly higher energy costs . 
  you wo n't be dependent on a country that shuts of the supply during the winter nor would you have to give money to the russian oligarchs . 
  we 're in the progress of ramping up gas production on some fields and planning on tapping new ones , but they 're not quite competitive compared to russian prices . 
  drilling so far north and doing it safely is expensive . 
  still , not putting sanctions on russias 's number one source of income is ... 
  interesting . 
  a natural consequence of european countries dependency of russian energy . 
  we 'll never let terrorism change our societies !, 
  * establishes a turn-key oppressive 1984-state as a reponse *, 
  depends on the political party , most of them are negative simply due to the size of the uk , it would so dramatically shift power away from us that we 're worried about the consequences . 
  the more eu-friendly parties are worried about the uk joining , and then start making a fuss . 
  the current norwegian tactic seems to be `` do n't rock the boat '' , the uk throwing its weight around might trigger the eu to start taking a second look at the current setup , which might be detremental to us . 
  the more eu-sceptical parties have been positive ; it would help us to keep the current trade going , and a larger eea means more oppertunites to press more for certain concessions , or even put a break on more intergration . 
   or at the very least drop to eea status forcing a multi-speed europe without the core needing to move an inch to make it happen . 
  i do n't think we 're gon na be very happy about the potential of new eea members , if their new relationship is identicial to the current norwegian one , especially a big one like poland . 
  we 're quite content to be the biggest fish in the small pool , having more countries of roughly equal size join is going to shift the power of gravity away from us . 
  on the other hand , some of our more eea-sceptical parties might welcome the idea of a larger eea , they might recon that it would be easier to excert pressures on the eu if the eea was bigger . 
  should n't come as a very big surprise that the polls have n't moved much given that there 's still no coalition , and thus no-one to blame or reward for their actions . 
  bottom line is this ; both labour 's and the conservative 's manifesto call for an end to freedom of movement , and thus the uk pulling out of the single market . 
  brexit is still on , and both party programs ( indirectly and directly ) call for an end to the uk 's membership of the sm . 
  i find it amusing that people claim the tories fell on their face due to their hard-brexit policies , yet labour seems intent to follow the same path . 
  libdems , that basically want no brexit had a mediocre election . 
  this election does not signal an end to brexit . 
  we 've got a 20 point lead , there 's no way we can lose [ the gang loses their majority ] ( http://alexanderlozada.com/iasip/?vghligdhbmcgbg9zzxmgdghlaxigbwfqb3jpdhk= ) if this ends up being the result , she 's gone tomorrow . 
  are you returning under the eu-afghani agreement ? 
  in that case , what took you so long ? 
  we 've ( norway ) had an agreement with afghanistan since 2008 . 
  i remember when eu struck its agreement , and hailed it as some star example of what would n't be possible without the eu , yet we 've had our agreement for nearly a decade preceding the eu one . 
  the czech republic seems to be on to something here ; they managed to combine social conservatism with progressiveness in an interesting way . 
  i 'll admit , our current system might be replaced if/once a new government takes office . 
  still , our current populist party has done a pretty good job . 
  never before has more denied applicants been returned , but we 're taking more quota refugees than ever before . 
  instead of accepting whoever comes here , we return those without valid claims and take in those who 're regarded as genuine refugees .
