  we 've had the sanctions going for quite a while and they have n't really helped . 
  the biggest issue for us is that it strains our relationship with russia really badly ( probably a bad thing to say to an ukrainian ) . 
  russia and norway has always had a pretty good relationship , even during the height of the cold war when locals on either side of the norwegian russian border were allowed to travel across to shop , meet family and friends and so on . 
  the last two years this relationship has really goon downhill and the atmosphere . 
  between the two countries has gotten pretty nasty at times . 
  quickly !, 
  release a letter containing the words `` stable '' , `` prosperous '' and `` wealth-inducing '' that usually works . 
  hug of support or kiss of death ? 
  i 'm sure you can devise at system where you can get medical exemptions, 
  keep it going jean-claude , someday your total inability to get good pr will pay off !, 
  a general ban on any clothing that obscures the face regardless of it being religious or not seems like fair way of implementing it . 
   political centre of gravity has shifted to the right . 
  that 's probably how populist parties should play the game . 
  stay in opposition and criticize . 
  as soon as they get any power they usually fall on their asses . 
  here 's an idea . 
  throw all the left-overs in a pot , spray it with chlorine , simmer it overnight and serve it as a `` surprise stew '' / s, 
  got ta grab some of them wilder voters somehow, 
  i agree . 
  cramming greece and germany into the same currency without fiscal transfers was and is still a monumentally stupid idea . 
  if a fiscal union is not possible , then at least do n't overextend it by incorporating countries with wildly different economics and needs . 
  the problem then becomes , how do you undo the euro without creating massive financial chaos ? 
  u/kanadskiy gave a good answer . 
  the ecb is basically running out of stuff to buy and is moving to riskier and riskier assets as they try to deflate the euro in increase inflation . 
  the problem is that even after throwing insane amounts of money into the market , inflation is basically non-existent . 
  [ mark blyth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s31vlg8qi78 ) has a really good talk on the current state of the ez , how we got here , and how we might get out of the perpetual circle of low growth . 
  now that the euro exists and there is no going back ? 
  none . 
  the euro should simply not have been introduced without the right fiscal and political framework in place from the start . 
  i guess a possible option would be to break the euro down into regional currencies , at minimum with a `` south '' - euro and `` north '' - euro . 
  it would still get messy if not performed correctly and it undermines the whole idea of a single currency . 
  that way the southern economies could go trough a currency devaluation instead of the crazy `` throw liquidity into the market and still get no inflation '' - option the ecb is forced to take . 
  now the ecb is all out of sovereign bonds to buy , so they 're forced to buy corporate bonds . 
  at this pace they 're going to own a large part of the european bond market by the end of the decade . 
  i 'm glad a german said it so i did n't have to . 
  they should already be registered in the eurodac database with fingerprints . 
   but how much of them live completely illegally ? 
  many of them will end up living illegally in germany , sweden and other nations . 
  bottom line is that the quota scheme wo n't work because of open borders and freedom of movement . 
  they 'll just live in we as undocumented migrants subsiding on working illegally or through crime . . 
  well , you can afford to fuck up the me seeing as you 're insulated from the effects thanks to a particularly large body of water . 
  schengen and freedom of movement was hardly dictated by ee . 
  back to where they were first allocated via the refugee resettlement quota , not back to wherever they fled from . 
   the eurozone as a whole has been growing for the past 3 years yes . 
  that is [ correct ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth ) , though the growth has been slow and unevenly distributed . 
  germany makes up a large part of the growth . 
   it 's still one of the most stable what other currency area has repeatedly been on the edge of a cliff so many times since the recession ? 
  none of the structural problems have been addressed or fixed due to it being politically unattainable . 
   wealthiest economic areas in the world . 
  even the least developed eurozone country is still a better place to live in than the overwhelming majority of the world . 
  how much of that can be attributed to the euro ? 
  spain , portugal , italy and france were good places to live before the euro , but has struggled with an ill-fitting currency ever since the recession . 
  i do n't really mind migrants as long as they make an effort to integrate . 
  i 've had good experiences with the eu migrants we 've been getting over the last two decades . 
  probably not , but once detected they can be sent back . 
  they 're not black/dark skinned though !, 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( http://www.color-hex.com/palettes/547.png ) a handy tool . 
  anyone with a darker tone than the second once from the right is a migrant , anyone with a lighter tone is just privileged . 
  come on , every time any eu body describes its own work it 's all superlatives and unicorns . 
  they regularly describe the eurozone as stable , growing , wealth-inducing , kitty-saving and all that nice stuff . 
  anything that does n't bring a prompt end to the eu is a win in their world . 
  no , i read the article . 
  thanks for assuming i 'm illiterate , stupid , or that i just do n't care . 
  my point still stands . 
  once the europe bound ferry service stops and migrants are taken back to libya , the route will die . 
  the surge we 're currently seeing shows that people smugglers and the migrants are trying to get across before the ferry service is shut down and replaced with being towed back to libya . 
  the extreme-right part was a deliberate hyperbole . 
  anyone even voicing support for such a solution has been likened to the nazis . 
  `` oh , so you want to move people somewhere else against their will . 
  that sure sounds a lot like ghettos/concentration camps '' . 
   the refugees would n't be thrown to the wolves anyhow , so i do n't know how much of a breach of law such a measure would do . 
  the rhetoric by established parties has likened not being allowed to pick where to be settled with an actual death penalty . 
  the problem right now is that most interpretations of the respective conventions are far to liberal and easy-going . 
  we can very easily make major policy changes without changing any written texts , all it takes is political will . 
  this clearly shows how the frontex/sophia-ferry service only increases the flow and the deaths . 
  it 's obvious that by dropping them off back at libya this route will die . 
  sure , i 'm fine with that . 
  now we only need to change the eu charter on human rights , the refugee convention and all other relevant eu and non-eu binding agreements so that we can actually implement such a solution . 
  i probably wo n't have to remind you that certain * cough cough * extreme-right * cough cough * politcal parties have advocated such policies and demands for quite a while . 
  have n't you heard , literally , the only countries in the world were you can live without being bombed and fear starving to death happen to be germany , sweden and the other ones with free handouts ? 
  which was to be expected . 
  we have the border-less schengen area that allows people to travel freely without having their id checked . 
  this was pointed out by the v4 when opposing the quota scheme , but germany and co really felt the need to push it through using qmv , no matter how stupid and ineffective it would be . 
  thanks for wasting time and political capital on something that was essentially dead before it was even proposed . 
  do n't you know that structural reforms and deregulation solve all problems ? 
  [ here ] ( http://e24.no/makro-og-politikk/solberg-regjeringen/kraftig-kutt-i-norsk-clinton-stoette/23847603 ) is one of many articles describing the large cuts . 
  the clinton foundation was allocated 174 million nok ( 19 million euros ) for 2016 . 
  the 2017 and 2018 allocation has been dropped to 36 million nok ( 4 million euros ) . 
  no further allocations have been planed beyond 2018 when the programs we 've committed to come to an end . 
   bureaucratic hurdles jesus . 
  the truth is that most of the migrants/refugees coming here have no formal skills , and those that do very rarely have the same quality of education that we have in the west . 
  i 'm not going to get heart surgery performed by a somalian surgeon coming right of the boat , thank you very much . 
  as did the [ norwegian state ] ( http://www.dagbladet.no/2015/05/06/nyheter/hegnarno/okonomi/clinton/39039704/ ) . 
  410 million nok or about 45 million euros were payed out to the clinton foundation since 2007 . 
  funnily enough the government decided to slash the amount considerably now that clinton lost . 
  pay for play anyone ? 
  [ here ] ( https://resultats.primaire2016.org/index.html#/total ) are live numbers, 
  very diassapointed , too little squatting . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/ it seems to me that there is a potential . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't think we 'll see a huge increase in tourism from ukraine .
