  what 's the fucking point of banning/restricting them if they 're , as you say , not a problem when it comes to public safety ? 
  bottom line is that there 's so little gun crime to begin with , that taking away the freedom of law-abiding gun owners wo n't change anything of substance in terms of safety . 
   [ w ] hy do you need to own the gun instead of just using it at a sporting facility ? 
  because i do n't live near a sporting facility , and i 'd very much like to keep doing my hobby even if i 'm not living in a large city , though i guess i can just drop that in the future if you get your will . 
  i also own guns for hunting , and it 's kind of hard to use them indoors or at a facility if i actually want to hunt something that 's not a house fly . 
   well as long as i can still shoot my target pistol i do n't really care first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a socialist . 
  then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a trade unionist . 
  then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a jew . 
  then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me . 
  yeah , that 's the whole point really . 
  well , we 're in a crucial election year so they might actually get shit done this time . 
  politicians can be surprisingly effective when their jobs are on the line . 
  turns out germany runs the show after all . 
  nice to see that the existence of eu makes sure that we 're all on the same page and that we do n't end up with a group of countries trying to force their wills on others / s, 
  turns out campaigning for a no to austerity , a no to new reforms , a no to cut to pensions and a no to new rescue packages , and then caving in on every single of those promises is not a good way to keep your voters . 
  it even comes with a nice sauce stain !, 
  provided that rutte actually delivers and does n't end up baiting and switching the electorate , that will only drive more people to pvv over time . 
  there 's a limit to how long you can contain the far-right parties . 
  at first the established parties try to ignore them , then they warn about their poisonous rhetoric , then they adopt parts of said rhetoric . 
  over time that only helps to normalize the far-right . 
  got ta grab wilder 's votes somehow . 
  well , they payed for it , and it does have value . 
  the resell value for example should be considered part of the eu 's and thus uk 's asset . 
  i 'm not saying that they should count every paperclip in the eu offices and offset those to whatever liability the uk has to the eu , but they definitely should count all large assets , such as art , buildings , cars and other assets . 
  they 'll obviously not get back every penny ever invested , but it 's only fair that they get their share of the assets minus liabilities , that 's how divorces are handled after all . 
  seems reasonable that the uk gets to offset any liabilities by whatever equity/inventory/asset they 've contributed to , but ca n't get back . 
  parliamentary buildings , furniture and other assets should be calculated and deducted from the liability bill . 
  yeah , badly written . 
  i meant from summer 2015 to 2016 , when they managed to clamp down on the influx through border control and the turkey agreement . 
  start fining them for everyone they bring ashore without a valid visa , that 's what we do whenever airlines fly in people without the proper papers, 
  frontex wo n't be able to stop the migrants , only register and provide support to nations struggling , it 's not as much `` border protection '' as it is the agency for making sure a million people will be registered somewhat more smoothly . 
  frontex wo n't stop anyone . 
  yes there is . 
  if the turkey route reopens and millions of syrians start flowing , we 're back to the same shitshow we had the last time . 
  countries building fences , other trying to push the problems onto its neighbors and an eu that struggles to find consensus on ways to solve the issue . 
  we 're hardly better prepared now than we were the summer of 2015-2016, 
  no , we should 've made the deal and then spent the time it bought us to fix shit on our end when it comes to migration , so we no longer had to be beholden to a quasi-dictator . 
  instead we argued and sat on our asses , as is the european way . 
  i 'm still waiting to see if vvd 's hard stance on turkey continues after the election . 
  part of the current pivot must be caused by the fact that the election is close and that pvv looked good in the polls , though they 've slipped lately . 
  donald trump hit the nail on the head with `` low energy '' . 
  ever since hearing that comment i could n't help but to see jeb bush as a synonym for something slow , uninteresting and sleep inducing . 
  poor guy , he got slapped in the face with that one . 
  we 're all infidels , right ? 
  you can call them idiots if you want to , some of them definitely are . 
  just do n't get mad when the people you 've called idiots , scum , uneducated and extremists end up voting for populists . 
  namecalling the electorate instead of addressing their needs , wants and perceived issues is not a good way to win elections . 
  it 's definitely not a good way to combat populism . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see if rutte falls back on a less restrictive line after the election , bait and switch is sadly very common . 
  there 's one reality before the election , and a completely different one the day after, 
  it 's the same sort of tactic that lost hillary clinton and the dems the election . 
  they kept hammering on about the same old shit , and calling the trump voters deplorable . 
  shitty tactics = shitty results . 
  doubling down on something that already is n't working is , surprise , not gon na work, 
  good job , you just managed to perfectly represent what problems he talks about and why the eu is moving closer to its death by the day . 
  writing off people 's concerns as populism and stupidity is what gave us trump and brexit . 
  keep acting like that , and we 'll get le pen , ms5 , wilders and more . 
  yeah . 
  the sami `` secessionist movement '' is basically non-existent , at least in norway . 
  can we let the greeks off the hook now , please . 
  i think they 've learned their lessons . 
  eu leaders will discuss on friday ( 10 march ) how to make the bloc more `` secure , prosperous , social and stronger '' , but will avoid any explicit reference to multi-speed europe , according to a document seen by euobserver . 
  `` in the 10 years to come , we want a union that is a safer and more prosperous place to live , '' the document says . 
  `` we will pursue these objectives , firm in the belief that europe 's future lies in our own hands '' . 
  the text , prepared by the cabinet of european council president donald tusk with the maltese presidency of the eu council and the italian government , is a first draft of the `` rome agenda '' , a declaration on the future of the eu that the bloc 's leaders will adopt in the italian capital on 25 march . 
  divided into three main parts , it proposes for leaders to remind people of the eu 's achievements , presents the `` new challenges facing the eu '' and gives `` possible elements for the section on the rome agenda '' - outlining a vision for the eu after brexit . 
  the uk and its exit from the eu are not mentioned in the draft , as a way to stress that they have closed the book on the uk 's membership before negotiations have even started . 
  in a meeting on friday morning without british prime minister theresa may , eu leaders will have to say whether they `` agree with the proposed structure '' of the future rome declaration , `` agree with the elements suggested under the different sections '' and whether there are `` any elements which pose difficulties or [ whether ] there [ are ] key elements missing '' . 
  `` we , the representatives of 27 member states of the european union take pride in the achievements of the eu '' , the draft declaration says . 
  it says that the eu has to now address `` regional conflicts , terrorism , growing migratory pressures , protectionism and social and economic inequalities '' . 
  eu ` proud of its values ' it says that in the next 10 years , the eu will aim to `` enhance the social dimension of the eu , further strengthen the emu , boost our cooperation on security and defence , [ and ] make our societies stronger and more resilient towards globalisation '' . 
  it insists on developing the single market , increasing investment and implementing structural reforms and completing the economic and monetary union . 
  on the security side , the draft declaration indicates that the eu must be `` ready to take more responsibilities , and committed to strengthening its common security and defence '' . 
  it also says that europe must aim at `` protecting a rule-based multilateral system , proud of its values and protective of its people , promoting free and fair trade , defending the rule of law '' . 
  `` there is nothing among these priorities that can not be agreed by everyone , '' an eu diplomat noted on wednesday . 
  after calls for a `` multi-speed europe '' from countries such as germany , france , italy and spain and warnings of disintegration by other countries fearing to be left behind , the draft carefully avoids the controversial expression . 
  the eu will `` work together to promote the common good , on the understanding that some of us can move closer , further and faster in some areas , keeping the door open to those who want to join later , '' it says , insisting on an `` undivided and indivisible union , which acts together whenever possible , at different paces and intensity whenever necessary '' . 
  preserving integrity the convoluted language allows supporters of multi-speed europe to push the idea while staying diplomatic to countries opposing it . 
  in a nod to these countries , the draft also insists on `` preserving the integrity of the single market , the schengen area , and the eu as a whole '' . 
  some diplomats had warned this week that multi-speed europe was a `` risky concept '' that could be `` devastating '' if it led to breaches in the basics of european integration , such as the single market , or the four freedoms of movement , capital , goods and services . 
  on wednesday , a top eu official had said that multi-speed europe `` should not be seen as an objective '' but was a `` warning to all of us '' against the risk of disintegration . 
  no updated version of the text will be published after the meeting and it could be altered ahead of the rome summit to take the leaders ' remarks into account . 
  and the population in nigeria alone is expected to rise by [ 50 millon ] ( http://populationpyramid.net/nigeria/2016/ ) the next decade , what fun !, 
  we 're not shooting migrants and their boats right now , but we 're gon na do it in the future . 
  a bit late for that now , someone dun goofed . 
  come on , do we have to bring up the nazis every single time ? 
  that 's an awful lot of shrapnel damage , what sort of ordnance are they using ? 
  jesus christ , imagine if they 'd ruled the opposite . 
  what a shit show that would 've been . 
   define a single government a single entity that controls all facets of a states policies , both internal and external . 
  the eu is not that . 
  it 's a weird middle ground were states have ceded some powers , want some of the back , refuses to relinquish other powers , and demands third parties to relinquish parts of theirs . 
  i do n't know how to classify that , but a `` messy entity '' comes to mind . 
   quota system was voted for according to eu treaties ratified by all member states . 
  most of which seemingly have little to no interest of actually implementing it . 
  we ( norway ) even agreed to take 1,500 people voluntarily , and we 're on track for that by the end of this year ( well probably get done by july at the current pace ) , the rest of the members on the other hand ; not so much . 
  voting for something is one thing , actually doing it is another . 
  eu has yet again proven to be a toothless organisation which agrees to something yet does little to live up to it . 
  you okay / u/aragonkingofgonder , you went quiet all of a sudden . 
  no comments or are you just avoiding the fact that the eu is acting shitty in this particular case ?
