  the government will not introduce the controversial eu regulatory framework for offshore helicopter traffic , but nevertheless announces new rules to capture positive aspects from eu rules . 
  since 1994 , norway has introduced more than 11,000 eu directives . 
  but for the first time , norway now says no to incorporate an eu regulatory framework into the eea agreement . 
  consequently , transport minister ketil solvik-olsen ( frp ) listened to protests from pilots , offshore workers , trade unionists , right-rapporteurs and the ap-country meeting by saying no to a common european regulatory framework for helicopter offshore ( hofo ) . 
  solvik-olsen shows , among other things , the helicopter accident at tur\u00f8y in hordaland last year , which took 13 lives . 
  `` the horrific helicopter control at turoy was a tragic reminder that accidents can hit a hurry . 
  i know that the oil community is concerned that the safety work is being continued with full force and that all rules and procedures should take into account norwegian conditions and the competence that our academic communities have developed , `` said the minister for transport . 
  the whole of the eu could have received helicopter missions in the north sea if the regulations had been introduced , any helicopter company registered in an eu country could compete for contracts on the norwegian continental shelf , bt writes . 
  the supervision of the company is added to the country the company is registered . 
  the warnings for such a solution have been many , not least for safety reasons . 
  `` the norwegian winter is hard , and storms over the ocean in the storm demand enormously of both crew and material . 
  i do not want to lose control of how the helicopter operations on the shelf will take place . 
  our oil workers and their families will know that norwegian experience , norwegian rules and norwegian supervision will continue to apply , emphasizes ketil solvik-olsen . 
  ketil solvik-olsen ( frp ) and the government will not introduce the eu 's helicopter regime . 
  tore meek / ntb scanpix - delightful new `` it 's gratifying new if we maintain norwegian supervision and control of offshore helicopter operations , '' says industri energi helicopter expert henrik solvorn fjeldsb\u00f8 to stavanger aftenblad . 
  oil workers commuting to installations have been opposed to the eu acquis . 
  `` i feel confident that many oil workers are happy about this . 
  the commitment to this has been great over time , says fjeldsb\u00f8 . 
  henrik solvorn fjeldsb\u00f8 is a helicopter expert in lo-linked industrial energy . 
  a e weekend the government writes in a press release that the regulation falls outside the scope of the eea agreement and is therefore not eea-relevant . 
  nevertheless , it is expected that the government will adopt a new norwegian regulatory framework that captures `` the positive aspects of the regulation '' , but at the same time opens for supplementary norwegian rules and that the civil aviation authority will continue to certify and supervise all helicopter transport to and from the norwegian continental shelf , it 's stated in the press release . 
  right and frp cheers the government 's decision is in line with the norwegian civil aviation authority 's recommendation that the regulations should not be introduced . 
  h\u00f8yres tina bru and frps roy steffensen are very pleased with the decision , they write in an e-mail to aftenbladet . 
  `` this has been a matter of discussion , not least after the terrible accident on tur\u00f8y . 
  everyone who works offshore should feel safe and it is important that we still ensure norwegian control of safety rules for helicopter use on the shelf , writes steffensen . 
  13 people lost their lives in the tur\u00f8y accident in hordaland last year . 
  in the wake of the tragedy there has been a major debate about helicopter security on the norwegian continental shelf . 
  b\u00f8e , torstein / ntb scanpix `` both trade unions and other industry actors have expressed skepticism as to whether it could safeguard the good safety culture on the norwegian continental shelf if the regulation was implemented in the eea agreement . 
  now that it does not happen , it will be possible to continue this good collaboration to create an even better security culture , writes bru . 
  solvik-olsen emphasizes that he has high confidence in the safety work that takes place at a european level . 
  `` these rules will contribute to an increased level of safety in european helicopter operations as a whole . 
  we have been able to cover most of our requirements for a new european framework , and there are several elements in the regulatory framework we will consider taking into account norwegian law . 
  do n't forget the vikings , who got there almost 500 years before colombus . 
  i think a leaked stratfor email from 2012 claimed he had terminal cancer and only a few years left , though he 's still alive , so it seems pretty unlikely . 
  i wish there was more focus on underemployment , and not so much blindly following the unemployment rate . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's better for people to have some work than no work , though most newspaper headlines simple focuses on the unemployment rate . 
  mark blyth has had several good talks/lectures on underemployment in the eurozone , and the long term damages that makes not only to indivudial people , especially the young , but also the long term damages to the countries they live in . 
  a large portion of the young will simply emigrate to countries were there are jobs , ie western europe . 
  this leads to several issues , first is the loss of present and future tax base , the brain drain in addition to the lost educational investment ( young people get educated in country a , which ( partly ) pays for the education , then moves to b to work ) , and the long term demographic problems that causes , especially in southern europe . 
  the double dip , the recession and then the euro crisis , will be felt for decades to come , and the costs will keep compounding over the next generation ( s ) . 
  all the things you mentioned are safety and health related , the selection on netflix is not . 
  i see no reason to mandate quotas , apart from the fact that some other countries in the eu has them . 
  it 's another case of harmonising regulating by adopting the most asenine parts . 
  great !, 
  too bad we did n't think of empty things to write on posters after previous terrorists attacks . 
  this is sure to stop them !, 
  what about `` love trumps global warming '' , i think we 're onto something, 
  since november 2015 , they 're supposed to end it now that the election has passed , though it would not surprise me to see it extended . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  it could of course be an attack , though it seems like trampling did most of the damage . 
  or people panicking due to high booms , causing a stampede and subsequent trampling of those who trip and fall during the commotion . 
  the `` fresh face '' effect wore off real quick . 
  too bad they did n't really explain that to their electorate . 
  that 's the way it usually is with eu matters . 
  talk up all the good stuff , sweep the rest under the rug and hope someone else is in government when it resurfaces . 
  operation fourth reich is proceeding as planned . 
  what 's gon na be rajoy 's reaction to all that ? 
  ignore it , take them to the appropriate international court/arbitrator or roll in the tanks ? 
  seems unlikely that the other members states would stab spain in the back by recognizing an independent catalonia after an udi . 
  sets a bad precedent , and there are other secessionist movements in the eu, 
  that takes a lot of practice , i 'll give him that . 
  relatively high birth rates , high life expectancy and high immigration rates , especially from the eu . 
  edit : for norway , that is, 
  looks like a good read for my train travels tomorrow . 
  i 've just skimmed through the methodology , but it seems pretty solid . 
   get someone in charge who understands economics and does n't care about getting re-elected . 
  i think mario monti might be free . 
  quickly , loan them more money !!, 
  bad idea if you really do n't want them . 
  by accepting them you create a precedence , soon the commission will demand that you take steps to actually keep them in your countries/take them back if deported . 
  then they 'll push for rules regarding family reunions , payouts and so on . 
  it 's a slippery slope , saying `` yes '' now will only lead to you being forced into accepting more responsibility further down the line . 
  i do n't know about genius , though the kremlin has achieved most of their goals , at a minimum of cost . 
  ukraine wo n't join nato as long as the fighting continues , and russia got crimea and donbass . 
  all it cost was 400-500 russian service men , and a few thousand russian loyal forces . 
  assad has been successfully propped up . 
  russia 's intervention turned the tide of the war , right as assad was on the brink of losing . 
  the regime is gaining ground , and the opposition and isis are losing territory by the day . 
  the cost of which has been a large amount of dumb bombs , that were rotting away in storage anyway , tens of dead russians , a few vehicles and some other infrastructure . 
  in return they got regional goodwill , tested new previously unproven weapons and they got to deploy strategic defenses that complicate us operations in the area . 
  pretty big gains given the total cost . 
  go ahead , alienate the ee members further , great idea !, 
  sometimes you get to say no ; then you 're asked again . 
  it 's nice . 
   new treaty perhaps you should talk to the rest of us before announcing it ? 
  lol no , that 's not how this works . 
  it 's the same shit here . 
  the margins were squeezed to the limit on the cheaper on of the mobile plan spectrum , and the companies have to raise their prices unless they 're gon na sell the plans at a loss . 
  then greece will keep hobbling on for the next years to come ; its economy contracting as debt mounts , its young flee to western europe , and pensioners are left with smaller and smaller pensions to pay for necessities . 
  i find it sickening that the same people who force this unto greece keeps talking about european solidarity and humanistic values . 
  the austerity in greece is killing ; literally people and the economy . 
  all we need now is another global financial crisis , with flare ups in italy , spain or portugal , and the euro goes into the dustbin of history . 
  it was far from enough . 
  had the gdp remained close to pre-crisis levels , it might have worked ; but the greek economy has slumped ever since . 
  it has had some periods of small growth , only to keep falling later on . 
  a real debt cut , a huge one in fact , needs to be performed if the economy is ever to recover , demanding more cuts to public spending , more austerity , less in pensions and so on will only keep contracting the greek economy . 
  debt to gdp is now at a staggering 180 % , it was down at 160 % in 2012 . 
  merkel and schauble needs to own up to the fact that the money they promised would be payed back to german taxpayers is gone . 
  thrown into the bottomless pit , never to be seen again . 
  not that that 's gon na happen , at least not until after the election .
