  joining the eu would mean giving away large parts of our future wealth to other countries , which would be unacceptable . 
  our wages are already too high to compete on other export items , so we have to focus on the resources that we 're able to export , and keep them out of the hands of others . 
  as to our farming situation ; growing food in norway is fucking hard . 
  it 's cold , it 's very hilly and transportation is made expensive by adverse weather , difficult geography and other factors . 
  without toll and other governmental support norwegian food production would quickly be out-competed by food from countries were it 's much cheaper to produce it . 
  making sure we 're actually able to produce a large portion of our food in the event of a crisis is more important than saving some money on cheap food imports . 
  you ca n't scale up food production at a moments notice , it takes year to work the soil , get the skills and put the distribution network into working order if starting from scratch . 
  the norwegian inflation from 2009 ( which is when the previous deal was struck ) to june 2015 ( when the new sum was agreed upon ) was 11.3 % . 
  you can check the numbers yourself [ here ] ( https://www.ssb.no/en/priser-og-prisindekser/statistikker/kpi ) . 
  as i said , the fact the we only agreed to what is basically an inflation adjustment instead of the first proposed 84 % shows that we feel little need or reason to pay more than we already do . 
  yeah , but it 's usually the other way around . 
   would n't all black market arms at some point have been legally acquired arms ? 
  most of them stem from robberies on military depots , illegally imported from the balkans and so on . 
  another source of weapons is improperly deactivated firearms . 
  i definitely support the part of the directive that ensures that minimum standards are met . 
  a gun sold as a deactivated weapon needs to be permanently rendered inoperable . 
  good . 
  the whole process was not as it should have been . 
  there was no impact report , the commission kept spewing out `` facts '' that were later proven wrong , the original draft was so poorly written that there was no clear consensus what the actual practical ramifications would mean . 
  if they want to make a previously legally acquired item illegal to own , they should at minimum offer compensation . 
  saying that taking away arms from law-abiding citizens that buy them legally will keep terrorists from buying arms on the black market is utter bs , and the commission know it . 
  poland and hungary seems to be the primary beneficiary , though we 've run into some roadblocks . 
  we insist on making sure the money is distributed through one or several ngos , but both poland and hungary wanted the government to be in charge of choosing we gets the money . 
  we ended up [ freezing the funding to hungary ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/verden/norge-gjenopptar-eos-stotten-til-ungarn-18233b.html ) for more than a year until hungary finally budged . 
  we do , and the last time we negotiated on the fee it took [ almost 18 months ] ( https://www.dn.no/nyheter/okonomi/2015/07/20/0732/hellas/slik-blir-norges-esregning ) , and in the end we only ended up increasing the fee to barley cover inflation , the eu wanted an increase of 84 % , but had to settle with 11 % . 
  we kept saying no , the eu chopped off some percentages , and we kept saying no until we got a number that was politically viable . 
  we pay enough as it is , and there 's little appetite to pay even more . 
  people do n't care about it because most of our politicians dread to talk about it . 
  most of them are very pro-eu , but know that the public sentiment is very anti-eu , so they shut up about the whole thing knowing that it would only backfire . 
  i guarantee you that it can and will be made into an election issue going forward , there 's too much untapped potential within the electorate to ignore it for much longer . 
   the eea/efta works , why change a successful formula ? 
  just wait for the progress party to crash out of government , replace siv with sylvi . 
  they 're gon na make a real stink out of the whole eea situation . 
  in the meantime sp is going to push labor into a more eea-sceptic position and probably try to force more directive vetoes . 
  give it another election cycle and it will probably become a hot issue . 
  we 're not gon na enter as long as we end up having to share our territorial fishing grounds with the rest of the eu , uk being in the eu or not is not gon na change that . 
  we already feel that the [ eu encroaching into our waters ] ( https://thebarentsobserver.com/en/industry-and-energy/2017/01/norway-takes-tough-line-against-eu-svalbard-waters ) , and pulling moves like that on the eu 's part is not gon na make us more likely to join . 
  fishing rights and farm subsides/toll are two of the `` hottest '' reasons for us not wanting to join . 
  on a more historic note ; we 've been in several unions before , and we did not enjoy that to put it mildly . 
  edit : [ current polls ] ( http://www.klassekampen.no/article/20160620/article/160629995 ) show that almost 71 % of the population is against joining the eu . 
  the younger generation is the most eu skeptic age bracket with 76 % opposed under the age of 30 . 
  i guess they love her even more now . 
  i 'm planning on getting one this summer . 
  my house has been a mess due to renovations , but most of the stuff is in order now . 
  little point in putting up a heat pump if you have to take it down again because you 're doing something with the exterior walls . 
  the same one that lit / pol / on fire with the pictures of her in a bikini ? 
  i think a lot of the heat pumps in norway can be run `` in reverse '' . 
  i 'll atleast look for that when i install one later this year . 
  just pure ac is pretty rare in norway , at least in private homes . 
  you do see it quite a lot in commercial buildings such as offices and shopping malls . 
  it is !, 
  i remember last summer when it got to 28 degrees , i spent much of my time in my basement where it was cooler . 
  if this keeps happening i 've got to get an air conditioner . 
  keep it up czech republic !, 
  seems like trump is actually trying nixon 's mad man theory , or rather living it . 
  too bad we ca n't track down anyone of pops up on the radar , we 're easily talking about several thousand in uk alone , having the manpower to track and assess every single one of them is close to impossible . 
  the conservatives tried to turn it into a may or corbyn choice , underlining may 's good qualities , stable and strong , firm on migration and so on . 
  that 's a very poor idea given that she 's unable to face though questions on camera without either deflecting them outright or just repeating some phrases she 's learned by memory the night before . 
  she ends up looking like [ robot rubio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmrlzbsmjku ) . 
  yes , she did lose voters on the most stupid party manifest in recent history , though you do n't blow a 20 point lead by that alone . 
  her inability to defend said polices has been the nail in her coffin . 
  if she barley gets out of this , with a lower majority or majority close to what she had to begin with , it would not surprise me if she gets to boot . 
  hard to project stability and strength when you piss away a 20 point lead to two weeks . 
  clinton messed up the same way , one had to vote for her because she 's a women , and it 's her turn and what not . 
  there was no to little talk about her own policies , just how bad trump 's were and that he was a mean wealthy white guy . 
  turns out making an election about a specific pm candidate instead of a party is a bad idea if the candidate is unpopular and flawed . 
  she risks pulling `` a clinton '' . 
  do n't focus on strategic nuclear weapons , it wo n't come to that . 
  all parties understand that nuclear weapons are the last possible hand to play , as dictated by the mad doctrine . 
  the tricky situations are that of the salami tactics . 
  russia is currently chopping of pieces of territory that they want ; crimea , south ossetia , georgia . 
  granted , none of those are/were in nato when the hostilities arose . 
  what do you do if a pro-russian separatist movement starts protesting in estonia ? 
  send in nato troops , or let the national resources handle it ? 
  soon the russian will send green men/covert agents in to support the separatists , do you nuke them now ? 
  after a while said separatists will acquire territory and rights in russia , do you nuke them now ? 
  putin is n't stupid enough to put us in a situation were we have no choice , he 'll slowly chop of pieces , always leaving deescalation or non-mad responses available to us . 
  they 've been for decades , and will continue , to blur the lines between non-state actor 's play and russian power grabs . 
  it 's all about making the red line unclear , to sow distrust and confusion . 
  look at your own election ; it does n't matter if putin helped trump or not , the seed of distrust has been planted . 
  a large portion of the us population is actively questioning whether or not the current president rules by the grace of russia . 
  that doubt is what damages social cohesion and trust , not the truth ; the doubt . 
  okay , let 's say all eu states form a single country as of tomorrow , how long will it take to shift public perceptions to such a degree that a spanish , italian or german citizen will be willing to die for the independence of estonia ? 
  the current global order is falling apart , and it will be race against the clock to get a new one in place , though i fear the time is already out . 
   because institutional and legal power has more authority to muster people under a common banner . 
  gee , when you slap an eu flag on the tanks the german public will be much more willing to send their troops to die in estonia than they are as nato members / s. 
  i do n't see how the eu can offer a security guarantee that 's more `` concrete '' than the papers and agreements that regulate nato . 
   you 're just trying to push your impotent agenda . 
  i do n't have an agenda . 
  it 's obvious to me , and has been for a while , that the global political framework established after wwii is falling apart . 
  the us is pulling back to its own turf , less willing to spend its resources on foreign issues which have little influence on the domestic population . 
  the uk is trying to distance itself from the continent , and russia is getting better and better at reasserting itself in eastern europe and former soviet satellites . 
  i do n't think the eu is ready to fill the vacuum , or ever will be . 
  the internal power plays and petty squabbles will only grow stronger as the eu is forced to fill a larger and larger gap previously occupied by the us , both in terms for security , geo-political plays and foreign policy . 
  hiding behind the skirt of the us will no longer be an option . 
  you have a union which finds it hard enough to play nice whilst under the protecting hand of the us , remove that and the cracks will only widen , the span of regional and national interests are too wide to be bridged across such a diverse and wide union . 
  revert it back to the pre 2004-borders and you might have chance . 
  because it has `` european union '' printed on the paper . 
  i 'm not even kidding you , that 's the line of thought . 
  one might be tempted to think that by removing the us you 'll decrease the intra-eu frictions , though i believe it will be the other way around .
