  we certainly have the ability if we chose to use our political and economical might . 
  we 're currently not , but there is a political shift going on in the west . 
  look at donald trump , his whole political platform is that the us is getting the short end of the stick and that they should ignore other people 's problem and take what is `` rightfully '' theirs . 
  i believe we 're seeing the same dynamic in europe , mostly through anti-eu forces , but imagine what the eu could become if far right politicians across the block managed to win control through elections . 
  i 'm not so sure they would dismantle the eu instead of recasting it to serve their agenda of a modern golden age of europe . 
   no matter international law ? 
  just ` power ' ? 
  well , we kind of wrote the book on international law after we fucked up the world through two world wars . 
  i 'm sure we could just as easily abandon the concept if it becomes a political necessity . 
   it 's hypocrisy . . that 's the west for ya . 
  the pendulum has begun its journey towards the other end of the spectrum , people have started to ask themselves what 's the point of being part of a political and economical superpower when we ca n't push other countries around . 
   i used to be quite positive about taking in refugees but now i have no idea what 's going on anymore and how many people are really refugees and whether i 'm being played like a sucker or not . 
  after having been blasted by other users on this forum for my admittedly quite uninformed opinions and blind eu faith and merkel love fests i have totally turned around in the past couple of days . 
  i used to think it was just right wing fear mongering ( a lot of it still is ) but there 's some truths . 
  what changed your mind ? 
  i shook my head seeing the `` refugees welcome '' - crowd greeting the migrants , which consisted of large numbers of young men . 
  did these people not realize the consequences ? 
  what signals it would send ? 
  sadly most of the establishment politicians have put themselves in a position where they 've been calling the `` far right '' , many of which would have been centrist mere decades ago , nazis and tried to do everything to distance themselves . 
  now the establishment is forced to implement politics they likened nazis and fascism . 
   the eu has been extremely incompetent in handling this crisis . 
  super late recognition of the problem , laughably weak and passive approach , subsequent increase in anti-eu sentiment , not deporting people , making deals that make you want to facesmash your keyboard , having zero management of the refugees whatsoever . 
  this whole thing has been a big fat joke . 
  well , part of the issue is that the eu has too much and too little power in this area . 
  it has too much power for nation states to fix the problems themselves and too little power for a pan-european solution . 
  we 're stuck in a place where we use a neutered version of a federal superstate in place of nation states , and it 's not working terribly well . 
   honestly do n't see a european peacekeeping force being deployed there . 
  much easier to ignore the problem and punish the greeks if they attempt to resist . 
  yep , that 's how the european project rolls . 
  ignore problems until they become too big . 
  when the bubble pops everyone runs around like headless chicken trying to protect national and regional interests . 
  we usually end up with some sort of token solution that does n't address the structural and underlying issues , instead opting for treating the symptoms . 
  when the `` solution '' eventually fails , call for more eu powers . 
  either we go full fucking federal within the next decade , or we abandon this union where 90 % of the institutions are duck-taped onto a framework that does n't work . 
   germany , after clear evidence that dublin is useless and everything fell apart , tried to propose to act as a union using an allocation-formular , but that was rejected `` because we do n't want muslims here '' ( basically every eastern nation ) . 
  come on , it was not just down to the people coming being muslims . 
  ee did n't want to be on the hook for a potentially unlimited amount of refugees . 
  who the hell agrees to a re-distribution plan when the outer border is still leaking like crazy ? 
  it 's like co-signing a loan with someone who retains the right to increase whatever he lends in your name without you having a say . 
  merkel 's plan was to distribute the migrants , but she had no real plan for slowing the flow down . 
  it was only when austria and the balkans acted and closed the balkan route that the flow got severely restricted . 
  german officials were pretty vocal in the press that they did n't like a group of country acting unilaterally , just a mere months after merkel basically ended the dublin treaty unilaterally . 
   the turkey-deal was the only way that the blockading-strategy of the balkan did n't turn into a bloody civil / refugee war on the border of greece in order to get to europe . 
  the flow started to die down pretty drastic before the eu-turkey deal was put in motion . 
  people did n't want to be stuck in greece , and i expect that the flow would have come to an almost complete stop once migrants realized they 'd be stuck . 
   so , the only solution is to take the problem from the single nations and really make it an european problem so that the nations that does not want to give anything to the union after taking for decades have to participate more . 
  the only solution is to actually kill off as much as the migrant flow as humanly possible . 
  we either say enough is enough and put in place an effective border protection plan , or the eu dies . 
  sadly , the `` european solution '' usually involves spreading the problem thinner among the member states instead of actually addressing structural problems . 
  i mean , who could n't forsee that this was a real possibility ? 
  you do n't hitch your wagon to erdogan and expect a smooth ride . 
  greece is going to get stabbed in the back by the rest of europe as we wall it in if this deal falls apart . 
  he must be some kind of chinese michael cera . 
  better just to go with the flow and not make a fuss even when you 're stuck in an asylum centre for a week . 
   establish one european border and maintain it . 
  how ? 
  frontex just works like a ferry service . 
  anyone who is in distress while at sea has the be rescued . 
  anyone on our border or within our territory has a right to apply for asylum . 
   establish one european asylum procedure and keep the refugees in cheap places . 
  like for instance poland or spain . 
  good luck with that . 
  ee is going to go ballistic . 
   shorten the asylum procedures and kick people out after an appeal . 
  pay libya or morrocco to take them in . 
  i agree . 
  we need an eu wide deportation service that specialises in deporting people who are not entitled to stay . 
  it 's going to be much harder to resist a deportation carried out by an eu agency , than for example finland . 
   jail the smugglers and kick them out after their sentence . 
  going after smuggler network is a great way of reducing smuggler routes , but i fear people will still find a way in . 
   stop bombing in syraqistan . 
  tell nato that . 
   use the money that was meant for turkey on paying for these measures . 
  i agree . 
   even try to build up failed states via the un or eu . 
  so people do n't come here . 
  turns out that nation building in me and northern africa is fucking hard . 
  people care more about their tribe , cast and immediate family than they care about being part of their nation . 
   and racism . 
  there are definitely parallels in terms of rich and poor states/areas , but , as you point out , this is partly compensated via transfers from rich states to poorer states . 
  the euro lacks the necessary financial and banking union in order to work . 
  we either need to back out of the euro or further integrate . 
  this midway state is clearly not working for many of the euro members . 
  what 's more politicaly acceptable is hard to say . 
  that would be quite interesting !, 
  that being said , the us derives a large part of its economy based on domestic demand . 
  the fiscal and economical framework intra-us states is very different compared to eu states . 
   i 've seen the propositions the v4 group made and i was very disappointed with them . 
  what part disappointed you ? 
  i liked parts of it , most of the other stuff was okay-ish . 
  certainly not much worse than what germany and france cooks up regularly . 
  for everyone 's sake , please devise a backup plan in the ( un ) likley event that the deal collapses . 
  we ca n't afford to see another migrant flow like the one we had last year . 
  okay , seeing the difference , 65 euro is a price we all should be willing to pay . 
   maybe that 's why you 've such high equality . 
  feminists are not nazi men-haters . 
  some of them definitely are . 
  once you 've reached a high level of equality you 're stuck with them trying to implement stupid and counterproductive gender politics that makes some of the feminists look like mental cases . 
  honestly , if she paid more than 10 euros for that , german tax payers should be reimbursed the cost . 
   you have accurately identified the single positive of eu membership .
