  i find it kind of funny that the commission is being such a baby about that fact that an `` european nra '' has emerged . 
  the fact is that no such movement would 've have started without the current proposed firearms directive . 
  i hope the parliament/council throws out the bad parts relating to semi-automatics , fixed length licenses , and magazine limits and instead focus on the things that actually matter , namely harmonizing rules for deactivation of firearms and the problems relating to converting of blank firing weapons into fully functioning guns . 
  no surprise there . 
  the commission has repeatedly denied to produce an impact report , yet they claim that no law-abiding citizen will have their rights infringed and that terrorists will have their access to firearms reduced . 
  news flash : criminals and terrorists will still get access to firearms , because they do n't follow the law . 
  the only group who will have their access to firearms reduced are law abiding citizens . 
  i 've written several letters to meps and national politicians with my take on the current proposals , part of it is really decent , whilst the most of it is absolute rubbish . 
  i guess me expressing my democratic rights as a citizen makes me a lobbyist too . 
  edit : if the current states that keep pushing for stricter gun laws , such as germany , italy and france , want them i suggest you implement it yourself in your national legislation instead of imposing such rules on countries that have little to no problems with gun related crimes . 
  trying to force it through via the eu is just a way of appeasing your public by saying that it 's an eu rule and you have no other choice than to comply . 
  well , the low interest rates do inflate the real estate market and reduce the paid interest rates on bank accounts . 
  that being said , the whole crazy ( pseudo ) quantitative easing were seeing is an attempt at increasing the inflation in the ez . 
  it 's kinda working , but they 've thrown trillions of euros into the market , and the inflation right now is at a staggering * drum rolls * 0.6 % . 
  not really that impressive . 
  i guess it 's all you can expect from a central bank who 's only tool is interest rates and very limited bond buying . 
  here we go again . 
  imagine the lovechild of le pen and farage bringing back the angevin empire . 
  that would be something . 
   unless you will deport all of them , this will bite you in the butt . 
  [ the trump tactic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2uqohksosc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m6s ), 
   decades later , historians will look back in disbelief . 
  i 'm already looking at this cluster fuck with disbelief . 
  my favorite part was the qmv forced relocation quota masquerading as solidarity . 
  `` forced solidarity '' , sounds like something out of ussr . 
  i hope you guys make it out okay , with the financial crisis and now this . 
   then why the fuck would you send them over there ? 
  germany is suddenly tired of them . 
  draghi 's to do list has one line : `` do n't kill the euro '', 
  it 's time we give turkey 's application a coup de gr\u00e2ce . 
  ukraine ; the new turkey . 
  once you 've killed it , you got ta eat it . 
  the brains and eyes are especially tasty . 
  our cuisine is very much shaped by the scarcity of resources . 
  if you 're running low on food , an entire sheep 's head with brain and eyes is a delicacy , not to mention our [ fermented fish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rakfisk ) , which you can find in different varieties all over the nordics/scandinavia . 
  i was planning on introducing any greeks on the island to the norwegian delicacy of [ smalahove ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/smalahove ), 
  i sense a possible business opportunity here !, 
  i 'll have a small island with a couple of goats , thank you . 
  cameron might have got the actual referendum set up , but there is no way it would have happened without the pressure from eu-skeptics , both inside and outside the party . 
  there is no doubt that farage is the single most important person in the uk when it comes to eu-skeptics, 
  we must punish the heretics for leaving the cult !, 
  may their children become blind and their economies destitute / s, 
  well , truth be told , he is probably one of the most influential european politicians this year . 
  like him or not , he has dedicated his life the last decades for this to happen , and has been a perpetual underdog that finally pulled it off . 
   we have loonies in our camp too . 
  do n't we all . 
  i ca n't handle that snaggletoothed belgian . 
  i do n't know why , he 's just so ... 
  dramatic and loud at times . 
   they better march real fast because the situation in aleppo will be over quite soon ( fortunately ) yep , at this rate eastern aleppo will be cleared of rebels come christmas . 
  the front lines have collapsed and the rebel factions are openly waging war among themselves as their territory in aleppo shrinks , a couple of days a go one of the rebel factions stormed the armory of another faction , kidnapped their leader and stole their ammo . 
  no worries for the eu then , only 46-47 % percent of the population in rejected the eu !, 
  / s keep spinning verhofstadt , keep on spinning . 
  go ahead , we neither want or need you . 
  i see erodgan is laying the groundwork for reflecting any sort of blame towards external factors instead of taking it himself . 
  does n't bode well for the economy , that 's for sure, 
  have they checked erdogan 's basement ? 
  truth be told , the government almost collapsed in the first place because frp refused to budge on one of their core policies . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see if it gives them a bounce in the polls . 
  they 're the rightmost party with actual influence . 
  they 're populist , anti-immigration and heavily in favour of deregulation and tax cuts . 
  the situation in norway is different from many other countries , frp got `` accepted '' by the other parties years ago , when they realised that ignoring and isolating them did n't work . 
  they 've , among other things , been in charge of the minister of finance and they 've done okay . 
  edit : frp is also free of neo nazism and anti-semitism . 
  they had some pretty shady characters , but they were kicked out during a party conference in the nineties and the party almost tore itself a part over that . 
  the still have some pretty `` colourfull '' characters , bit they 're not afd . 
  do n't worry , our far right party is already in government . 
  new elections soon ? 
  or just a new government ? 
  got ta get through the antipasti first, 
  no , the point is that russia can within a few days take all the territory and defend it in such a way that it gets extremely expensive to win it back . 
  likening the potential of a russian invasion into the baltics to an us invention into britain is just stupid . 
  this is going to get very exiting !, 
  the previous second round was really close and a small change in relative turnout can be decisive . 
  any austrians wan na give their prediction ? 
  i read that the number of issued ballots is down considerably since the last election ( 30 % in vienna ) , people seem pretty tired of the whole process so i guess it 's going to come down to which candidate has the most motivated voters . 
   p.s europe will defend the baltics no matter what and what happens if russia just goes in blitzkrieg style ? 
  the rand corperation [ ran a wargame simulation ] ( http://www.rand.org/pubs/research_reports/rr1253.html ) with russia attacking the baltics . 
  conclusion : russia can take all of the baltics before the west can mobilize . 
  at that point we face the prospect of invading the area by sea or air , which is going to be a god damn pain if russia has placed heavy anti-ship and anti-air batteries in kaliningrad . 
  edit : the question is not whether or not russia will invade , the point is that if they do , the baltics is screwed . 
  i 'm just waiting for the german redditors to tell us who this is blown out of proportions . 
  we 've had a deportation agreement with afghanistan for many years now . 
  the current , and previous governments , have focused on getting agreements with as many countries as possible . 
  they were working on one with eritrea , but it sadly fell through when the unhcr became hysterical about it . 
  well , mike pence is at least competent . 
  whether or not that 's a good thing depends on if you like pence 's politics or not . 
  huh , is the carpati based on the walther pp ( k ) series ? 
  it looks a lot like it . 
  i personally shot with the glock 26 in the `` special pistol '' class that has strict requirements on size and weight . 
  it 's a very fun little gun . 
   if the german elections are anything other than dull and routine , that 's when people start panicking . 
  just wait for hofer to lose the election and move to germany / s, 
  the turkish lira is falling like a rock . 
  by selling dollars and buying lira the price and value of lira relative to the dollar will strengthen . 
  wow , you guys are really heading downhill are n't you ? 
  truth be said , glocks are very nice guns . 
  i shoot with glock myself when participating in contests . 
  i rarely win , but i ca n't blame the gun !, 
  nato is definitely involved , but norway is generally speaking tasked with surveillance of its own waters on a regular basis .
