  eh , blown to pieces ? 
  swedes are a special kind of people ... 
  they used to be pretty right wing . 
  the party has definitely moved towards the center and has gotten rid of some of the most troublesome members . 
  i bet the numbers are worse for germany and france given the recent terror attacks . 
  france has already declined to take a leading role in the refugee resettlement programs , leaving germany as the biggest nation . 
  uk has just voted for brexit , mostly on account of migration . 
  netherlands might be viable , but with pvv 's large poll gains the current government might want to reduce migration to keep geert wilders at bay . 
   they wo n't be accepted . 
  why not keep them in a country where their accepted ? 
  and what country would that be ? 
  we can count ee out , and anti-muslim and anti-migrant sentiments are picking up all over western europe , just look at the total u-turn in sweden . 
   if germany , the world 's 4th economy , has trouble welcoming 600k refugees , i think we can assume that the world 's 18th economy will have difficulties handling close to 3 millions by itself . 
  and these countries have both a population of around 80 millions people . 
  you need to account for the difference in social and economical support given in different countries . 
  if migrants in germany were given the exact same living standards and social benefits as in jordan er lebanon , germany could take millions upon millions of migrants . 
  the problem is that western europe insists of enrolling every migrant in the social benefit system in such a way that migrants become extremely expensive . 
  it 's total lunacy that migrants that arrive are to have the same benefits as someone who has lived in a country and payed taxes for 20-30 years . 
  plan b of walling in greece in case of a breakdown in the eu-turkey deal might work as soon as the migrants realize that they 're stuck in greece and ca n't make it further north . 
  once they realize that they 're stuck and that conditions are bad , the flow should slow to a trickle . 
  it would be extremely shitty towards the greek ... 
  i agree . 
  the current system is not working . 
  however , the most troublesome part of the article is where the commission wants to use loopholes and grey areas to push through the deal , even if rejected by some assemblies . 
  what kind of idiots allow national assemblies to have a say then ignore the outcome ? 
  it 's only going to feed anti-eu sentiment and cement the view that the eu is profoundly anti-democratic . 
  so , the biggest trade block in the world , and supposedly instrumental for the well-being and future prosperity of the european continent ca n't get a proper trade deal with canada . 
  the eu is looking more and more like a lame duck . 
  i see the low numbers being thrown around all the time and people asking why ee makes such a fuss for such a small number of people . 
  i look at it completely opposite . 
  why does germany and others piss off ee for such small relocation quotas ? 
  i think it 's because they expect migration from outside the eu to remain high in the future and want to pawn some of them off in ee . 
  it makes no sense to anger ee to such a great extent for a measly thousands of migrants . 
  the refugee relocation deal is falling apart more day by day . 
  parts of the eu banking sector is a complete mess . 
  some countries , such as spain , managed to enact structural reforms after the finciancal crash . 
  others , such as italy , did n't . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a widespread feeling , but i belive it will embolden hofer 's voters, 
  the feeling that vdb `` stole '' the election will probably depress vdb turnout and increase hofer 's . 
  i think it 's far more likely that we 'll see a hofer win than a vdb win . 
  i have n't looked enough into the spanish election to give a meaningful comment . 
  however , brexit was special in the sense that people who usually do n't vote turned out in big numbers . 
  people who are not politically active were highly motivated to vote in the brexit referendum . 
  i 'm expecting to see the exact same thing happening with trump in the us presidential election . 
  polls adjust raw numbers using turnout modeled based on previous elections and can therefore be quite off when turnout is abnormal . 
  here in norway the few studies i 've seen show muslims vote 70-80 % for the labour party ( arbeiderpartiet ) . 
  the remaining 20-30 % percent is split between the conservative party and the extreme left . 
  among all the electorate , arbeiderpartiet sits at 30-35 % . 
  the same pollster had hofer at 53 % 10 days before the second round and vdb at 47 % . 
  this is going to come down to turnout . 
  which candidate will have voters most likely to show up ? 
  vdb 's demographic are highly educated and are usually most likley to turn up , whilst hofer 's demographics consists in large part by people with low/little education from rural areas . 
  it 's entirely possible that hofer 's voters are more likley to show up , since they might think the election was `` stolen '' in the first place . 
  this might put off some of vdb 's voters . 
  more terrorist attacks and a failure of the eu-turkey agreement will also play into the hands of hofer . 
  what do we do with the migrants ? 
  cant push them back to turkey without turkish consent , lest you want to start a war . 
  some migrants can probably be returned back home , while syrians for example ca n't . 
  the most effective plan would be to detain anyone we ca n't send back on some greek islands and hope it deters more from coming . 
  we 'd still have to get the greeks in on the plan . 
  the project , it 's always about the project . 
  they 've really stepped up the anti-us rhetoric as well . 
  it 's starting to look more and more like iran shortly after the revolution . 
  i 'm not saying it 's going to turn out exactly the same way , it 's obviously not going to . 
  still , the change in rhetoric and pivoting away from us and towards russia is worrisome . 
  and a completely different legislative framework . 
  afaik no single state can veto federal laws . 
  eu is plagued by the way laws are passed and implemented . 
  we have to go through a lengthy process which involves multiple layers of beuracracy and legislative bodies . 
  things can be pushed through by using qualified majority votes ( qmv ) , but they 're largley seen as anti-democratic and a way for large memberstates to impose their will on smaller states . 
  i 'd also like to point out that the cultural , historical and political differences between eu memberstates are much greater than the differences between any us state . 
  the european continent has been shaped by 2000 years of war , political ambition , cultural and social traditions and shifting alliances , friendships and sworn enemies . 
  we have seen mighty empires rise and rule both the continent and the world for hundreds of years , only to fragment , dissappear or loose significance as time goes on . 
  the european continent like no other has shaped itself and the rest of the world . 
  building an union atop of all the history , both good and bad , is a difficult and lengthy process . 
  it 's not one i personally think will succeed in the long run , but the ambitious project will roll on for the foreseeable future adding even another layer of history to an already complicated continent . 
  here we fucking go again . 
  i 'm starting to think that the eu has simply gotten too big . 
  striking an agreement that does n't piss off the population of atleast one country is close to impossible when you 're trying to get 28 countries to move in the same direction . 
  the question of muslim migrants is especially inflammatory in ee . 
  eu in a nutshell . 
  democratic deficiency ? 
  we 'll kind of fix it when the next treaty rolls around . 
  migrants flowing into greece ? 
  let 's schedule a summit for fall , next year . 
  structural issues with the euro ? 
  we 'll look into it when the next financial bubble pops . 
  i sure hope it does n't !, 
  i hate the deal and how it helps prop up erdogan and give him leverage over the eu , but the eu had proven to be incompetent at handling the problem itself without memberstates berating each other in the media . 
  we need to spend whatever time this deal buys us to ensure that we 're equipped to handle this ourselves . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.jeffhead.com/liberty/flagdistress.htm ), 
   it was n't just germany 's responsibility . 
  we also have to be blamed . 
  austria , the netherlands are also guilty . 
  even norway . 
  what did we do ? 
  once migrants started pouring over our only external schengen border , the norwegian-russian border , we registrered and detained every single migrant . 
  we worked with russia and managed to completely close the border for migrants and asylum seekers . 
  those who were not actual refugees were put on a plan back home within two weeks . 
  we have n't had a single migrants cross our schengen border since we closed it down .
