  forcing even more austerity down their throats because its popular with german and french voters is not `` making the hard choice '' . 
   and instead of saying `` better late than never '' , you would have us give up on greece ??? 
  the reason people flooded to greece was the fact that they knew they could make it to germany and scandinavia . 
  we saw what happened once the balkan route was closed , the numbers immediately started to drop . 
  i did n't want us to give up on greece , but it was obvious that the flow had to be choked so that the migrants stopped crossing the sea . 
  we could n't keep them from entering greece , but we could keep them from exiting . 
  i 'm not saying that we should encircle greece with fences and throw away the key , but the first priority should have been to kill the flow and then deal with the migrants in greece in a fair and sustainable manner . 
   except , the amount of immigrants dropped , rather than increased after the invitation . 
  it dropped because the mediterranean sea gets rough in the fall . 
  compare the influx in november 2015-february 2016 to the numbers in november 2014-februrary 2015 . 
  the flow across the mediterranean in late 2015 early 2016 was massively inflated compared the numbers in late 2014 early 2015 . 
  you seem to totally disregard the changing seasons making the trip much harder . 
  the numbers were much higher than those previously seen before . 
   also , merkel had been pushing the quota systems for more than a year before the crisis . 
  it just got a lot more attention after the crisis started . 
  of course people are going to protest a relocation quota when the influx into the eu is at its highest adjusted for season . 
  the primary concern should have been to reduce he flow , not trying to pass the problem around . 
   yes , there 's still an excess . 
  it 's not caused by merkel 's speech , as the big increase happened before it , and the excess numbers have been dropping steadily . 
  so , the narrative that merkel 's invitation caused many more people to arrive remains incorrect . 
  the excess is caused by something . 
  it may or may not be due to merkel 's comment , but giving the impression that germany and eu was open for anyone wanting to enter did not make the problem smaller . 
  the fact that the eu was so slow to act only strengthened the sentiment that europe was open and accepting , as swift reponse with border closure and detaining the migrants in the first country they came to would have slowed down the stream before it became massive . 
  once the ignored problem became to big to ignore , it was already too late for most solutions . 
   you do n't have the data or information to prove that point . 
  a few anecdotal interviews really do n't prove anything , especially not if the big statistics do n't back the information . 
  i wo n't deny that there has n't been a single asylum seeker who recognized it as an invite . 
  i will deny that it had a significant effect , because no such effect existed . 
  of course it had an effect . 
  we had migrants with `` mama merkel '' posters whenever they met closed borders . 
  i 'm not saying merkel caused the crisis , but her hamfistedness sure did not improve it . 
  it 's far cheaper and more effective to only allow asylum claims filed in actual refugee camps . 
  we need to rework the system so that it does not necessitate having to cross a sea in a rubber dingy to apply for asylum . 
  that change needs to be eu wide . 
  the current system is utterly broken and leave countries receiving large amount of refugees with no other means of controlling the flow than to either close the border or to make life for asylum seekers as bad a possible . 
  i 'm simply pointing out the absurdity of spending huge amount of resources on housing , feeding and processing a large amount of people and then spend another pile of money trying to get them back home when they 're denied . 
  it 's an absolute waste of manpower and money and only makes people angry at the migrants when they see the resources spent on someone who has no business being here in the first place . 
   your graph proves my point , not yours . 
  merkel made her statement in september . 
  from october onwards , immigrant numbers have been in a continuous decline . 
  the graph is dropping due to weather conditions in the mediterranean . 
  the important thing is to compare the numbers with the same month but a year earlier . 
  you can clearly see that the flow into greece in january and february of 2016 were extremely high compared to the same months i 2015 . 
   a misleading comparison . 
  the immigration crisis was not a thing then , and comparing those numbers allows you to deny the very clear and obvious dramatic decline . 
  yes , the crisis was happening then , it only affected greece and italy and to a smaller degree hungary at that point . 
  just look at interviews of disappointed migrants stranded claiming that `` ms. merkel had invited them '' . 
  there is no doubt that the perceived invitation increased migration pressure . 
  had eu not looked like an open gate far less people would have tried to enter . 
  i forgot to actually write the word `` deport '' . 
  i can see the confusion !, 
   she said that deporting rules will be changed to make deporting easier . 
  let a million in , and then deport half of them later ? 
  is this the german efficiency i 've been hearing about . 
  edit : inspired by german efficiency i apparently forget to add crucial word . 
  your post perfectly reflects exactly what i feel like . 
  who in their right mind agrees to taking an unknown amount of people under a forced relocation quota ? 
  it 's insanity . 
  you plug the hole before you start emptying the boat of water . 
  its of little help to pour bucket after bucket out as long as the hole in the bottom remains unplugged . 
   except , the amount of immigrants dropped , rather than increased after the invitation . 
  no , [ it ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=83 ) did not . 
  the number of people crossing over to greece increased to previously unseen heights . 
  january and february 2016 was even higher than the same months of 2015 . 
  had it not been for the shaky eu-turkey agreement , we 'd have an even bigger problem on our hands today . 
  actual invitation or not , merkel 's message and her reluctance to quarantine the border states sent a message that the door to the eu was open and anyone who wanted could enter . 
  we saw a real slow down of the flow when macedonia closed its border to greece with the help of austria and the rest of the balkans . 
  turns out that they do n't want to be stuck in greece . 
  had the flow been adressed in the same way much earlier the refugee crisis would not have blown up in the way it did . 
  the leniency and weakness of the eu in protecting it 's borders , both external and internal , fueled the flow of people . 
   also , merkel had been pushing the quota systems for more than a year before the crisis . 
  it just got a lot more attention after the crisis started . 
  yet , she did nothing to address the flow of people . 
  solidarity to merkel means spreading the problem , not addressing it . 
  unless we 're talking about se and its economical problems , they can apparently go and fuck themselves cause germany is going to get its money back , whatever the human and social cost . 
   have you looked at how small those quotas were ? 
  it was a drop in a bucket during the crisis . 
  irrelevant to the situation in germany . 
  that was one column of a long-term europe-wide asylum system . 
  yes , they were small , but they set a precedence . 
  it 's like having someone ask you to ~ ~ so ~ ~ co-sign a loan , but at the same time they retain the right to take out further loans in your name . 
  of course they do n't want to accept relocation qutoas when the outer border is still leaking like a sieve . 
  besides , if merkel really expects the number of relocated refugees to stay small , why piss of the whole of ee forcing them to accept it . 
  it makes no sense . 
   turkey-like deals , better outer ( ! ), 
  border control , and then distribute the ones still arriving europe-wide so greece does n't unfairly have to deal with it alone , as they 'd have to if the current system was n't so broken it 's basically abandoned . 
  with us taking most of them . 
  the turkey deal is a god damn sham . 
  we 're paying huge sums to a defacto dictatorship that keep usurping power and jailing dissidents . 
  at the same time we 're discussing giving a visa waiver to a country that is in defacto civil war in it 's south eastern provinces . 
  in addition erdogan constantly threatens to tear up the agreement and unleash the syrians . 
  we could very well end up in a situation where we have payed a billion euro sum only to discover that the migrants still come . 
  we should use the money , resource and efforts on actually enforcing the outer borders instead of outsourcing the dirty work because we want to sit in our ivory tower and harp about human rights . 
  i shudder when i think of her percived invitation and how it stirred up even greater number of migrants . 
  the whole ordeal was so poorly managed that it 's not even funny . 
   that was , again , not about the situation in germany at the time . 
  you might not like that plan , but at least it was a plan . 
  which is a lot more than you can say about most other european governments . 
  germany always seems to push for something to happen , but only when it 's in the shit itself . 
  as i said , little was done when greece and italy struggled , it was only as hungary blocked the move of migrants , as they 're supposed to do under the dublin agreement , that she decided to act .
