  the unemployment is centered around the western parts of norway , while the rest is doing fine . 
  we 'll do fine , but we 'll need to diversify our economy . 
  i had on good authority that there was no way refugees could perform terrorism . 
  are we sure that they 're not the same person ? 
  i mean , have we ever seen both in the same room at the same time ? 
  i was about to propose we split a flat to keep the costs down , then i realized that i could probably rent a castle for what i pay for my apartment in norway . 
  and now i made myself depressed . 
   30gb of 4g traffic at 150mbps oh , reserve an apartment , i 'm moving to romania !, 
  imagine sitting across the table of that carrot colored man trying to negotiate any sort of deal when you 've written him off as a total flop . 
  if trump wins , it 's going to get very awkward for all the politicians across europe who has publicly described him as some sort of retarded , bigoted world destroying monster . 
   that 's a good analysis . 
  thank you . 
  it 's based on my knowledge of the current political climate in italy and the eu . 
  i 'll admit i probably now less about the first than most italians , so please correct me if i 'm wrong on any point . 
   more like constitutional reform ( the nature of the senate , in particular ) i 've edited my post to better reflect the fact that it 's about more than just electoral reform . 
  i get why italians , and other southern europeans are angry . 
  they 've really been given the short end of the stick with the current economical and fiscal framework . 
  they 're mad that they 're constantly getting berated for not living up to the maximum deficits rule , whilst germany constantly runs over its allowed surplus without any consequences . 
  italy has also been struggling with the influx of migrants over the last 5 years , without the eu doing much to help other than insisting that dublin must be upheld . 
  i think his new found will to criticize germany and northern europe has been triggered by two things ; the brexit vote has pushed the uk out of it 's pivotal role and opened a vacuum that italy plans to fill . 
  when/if the uk leaves italy will be left with more influence than they previously had . 
  i also think that the upcoming referendum as well as the growth of the five star movement has made life more difficult for renzi domestically . 
  the referendum has partly evolved into a national vote of confidence in renzi 's government , even though it 's strictly only about the electoral/constitutional reform . 
  renzi needs to show strength domestically if he is to win the referendum , especially since it has also become about his political future . 
  we 'll have to see if he still keeps it up after the referendum . 
  if db is hiding information from the public and shareholders , odds are that they 're hiding the same information from regulators and thus the ones in charge of stress tests . 
  stress tests are usually based on publicly available information , and those doing the stress tests asks for any more information and data they need to fill in the blanks . 
  db did poorly at the last stress test , and that was probably conducted with cooked books , imagine how bad they 'd get rated based on actual data . 
  stress tests also have their limits . 
  they 're based on simulations inspired by real life events , especially the 2008/9 financial crash . 
  a major component of the tests is to test a banks ability to weather a large amount of non-performing loans . 
  i doubt that the stress tests devised after the last financial crash take into account all other sources of systemic instability . 
  in the case of a db collapse , it 's very hard to figure out how it would spread across the banking sector in europe . 
  other banks are `` on the hook '' for at least parts of the derivatives , but derivatives are by nature difficult to value properly , and they have often been sold multiple times and been baked/packed into other banking products sold to customers all over the world . 
  db is truly a bank that is rotten to its core . 
  i have lost track of the number of times they have been fined for breaking the law , unethical business practice or just lying to customers or regulators . 
  it would not surprise me if they 're cooking the books to fix their already massive capital shortfall . 
  db 's collapse would lead make the lehman brother 's collapse look like child 's play in comparison . 
  the total amount of db derivatives and their combined values are mind-boggling . 
  derivatives are complicated papers , and it 's difficult to estimate their total worth and how other banks are exposed to the fallout of a db collapse . 
  give us a little heads up please , we 'd still like jemtland and herjedalen back . 
  interesting development if it 's true . 
  stratfor has been writing about the internal power struggles in russian politics over the last few years , and putin has reportedly become more and more worried/paranoid about high ranking officers using fsb to sow dissent in the ranks and even attempts to unseat putin . 
  he has already removed several important figures from his internal circle . 
  do n't worry , he 'll fall back into line as soon as the referendum has been held . 
  then he 'll act all confused as to why people loathe politicians when they realize he played them with his bait and switch . 
  going by the latest numbers available , afd is doing pretty much as expected . 
  polls pegged them at 13-15 % , the newest numbers from ard and zdf place them at 13 , almost 14 % . 
  yet another happy day in the eu family !, 
  but how will parents now learn what food they can feed their children / a, 
  it 's been very interesting to see how the internal fractures within the eu has grown and become more visible over the last year . 
  i expect it to get worse as the brexit negotiations finally kick off . 
  france seems to go for a very though deal , while germany lead by merkel seems to want a more pragmatic approach to ensure that german exports do n't suffer . 
  knowing the eu they 're going to do the opposite of what the uk asked for . 
  it seems that whenever they 're facing a problem the solution is always to double down on whatever did n't work in the first place . 
  alcohol problem you say ? 
  juncker likes to view it as having an alcohol solution / s, 
  so , this guy as the next pope , donald trump and le pen become presidents ; we 're retaking constantinople !, 
  brb , got ta fetch my horned viking helmet and ready my longboat . 
  the eu ends if either france or germany pulls out . 
  france pulling out would leave funding hole and make the german dominance over the block even worse . 
  merkel is overextended already , and winning another term is going to be hell if france backs out . 
  not to mention that a le pen win would happen whilst the brexit ( pre ) negotiations are ongoing . 
  the fallout of the yugoslavian wars were relativity mild . 
  the states that emerged were pretty stable and europe funneled a lot of money into the area to rebuild what was lost . 
  i 'm not saying that everything was rebuilt and that there currently are no problems . 
  the area is still plagued with minefields . 
  i do n't see the same happening in syria and afghanistan . 
  no stable states will emerge from this mess and the infrastructure will lay in ruins for decades to come . 
  the me and north-africa has seen little economic growth due to a multitude of issues , spanning from poor resources , a horrible mind-set which severely limits their potential as well as tribalism which makes corruption widespread and difficult to combat . 
   are your municipalities totally incompetent ? 
  yes , some of them truly are . 
  they 're largely run by `` ordinary '' people and not career politicians . 
  a lot of municipalities are struggling with poor economy as a result of poor fiscal management . 
  the have a funding hole and then a letter from the state drops in their mailbox stating that they get x number of kroner pr person pr year for 5 years and they see it as free money . 
  it 's only later that their mistake sinks in . 
  we 're creating a new underclass defined by religious and ethnic lines . 
  there 's no way that could end badly / s, 
  would you look at that , turns out the refugees are creating jobs !, 
  we had the same deal in norway were municipalities were delighted to receive migrants as they 're given financial support per head for 5 years . 
  they thought the had discovered some sort of money printing press !, 
  imagine getting paid to host people . 
  they quickly became disappointing as they realized that once the fem year grant ends they 've only taken on large number of people of which the majority will never be employed and will only siphon money out of municipal budgets . 
  not really a problem though , as by that time another party has taken office , and now you get the joy of being in opposition and can criticize them for your bad management . 
   early optimism that the wave of migrants could boost economic growth and help ease a skills shortage in germany [ ... ] is evaporating . 
  i could 've told you that 18 months ago . 
  what morons . 
  she could 've swaped places with her backup , but she would still be required to part-take in some proceedings , read up on documents sent out by the municipality council and so on . 
  it would also leave the party without a real backup for that mandate . 
  well , it 's not really conscription . 
  she was informed by letter that she was signed up for election by a political party and that she had a certain time limit to withdraw . 
  had she read the letter instead of throwing it away she could 've easily corrected the mistake . 
  parties very rarely sign people up for election by error , they 're not interested in having someone represent them which are unwilling to do so . 
  the reason the law is pretty strict when it comes to replacing someone who has been elected is to ensure that parties do n't use bait-and-switch tactics were they put someone up for election , get lots of votes and then later replace the person with someone no-one voted for . 
  last municipal election a woman ended up getting elected without even realizing she was on the ballot . 
  turns out that there were two women with the same name in the municipality and one of the political parties managed to sign the wrong person up for election . 
  even though she received a letter in the mail informing her that she was up for election she threw it out without reading it , thinking it was junk mail . 
  the last i heard she was trying to get out of it , but the law was pretty clear that once you 're elected you 're in . 
  she applied to be replaced by a backup representative but the media stopped reporting on it so i have no idea how it turned out . 
  edit : fixed some typos .
