  the best . 
  it 's mind boggling that the 1 cent coin ( both us and euro ) still exists . 
  we phased out our 50 \u00f8re coin in 2012 ( worth about 6.25 euro cents then ) , and now our smallest coin is the 1 krone ( about 0.1 euro ) . 
  aw , poor moderaterna . 
  imagine having to enter a coalition with sd after calling them nazis in an attempt to gain votes , and having sd being the largest party . 
  i 'd not be surprised if we end up seeing a grand coalition between s and m. 
  tldr : hitler wants czechoslovakia , let 's just give him that . 
  he 's probably going to settle down and be happy after that . 
  never face evil with appeasement . 
  never . 
  tldr : yurop stronk and cultured , us bad and mean . 
  we are in a collective defensive pact the whole point is the realization that any one of us could get attacked , and that we 're stronger if we pool our resources . 
  the us is doing most of the heavy lifting , like it or not . 
  we all should pay more for our individual and collective defenses . 
  yeah , if there 's one country to blame for libya , it 's france . 
  we have the same problem here in norway . 
  gave a bunch of erithereans asylum due to their north-korea like dictatorship , turns out some of the government 's representatives also snuck in , and now they 're blackmailing the people who fled the regime . 
  heisenberg 's money . 
  another worrying thing is that the upswing since 2008 has largely been driven by cheap money , the fed in the us and the ecb in the ez pumped huge quantities of money into the market , inflating some prices . 
  at somepoint the qe will end , interest rates will go up and thus the supply of cheap money dries up . 
  we 're probably going to be fine , but if a new downturn takes hold as rates are being hiked , it can get rather nasty . 
  when i wrote the comment i could n't find the number with two decimal places , someone linked it later on . 
  i very quickly reached -5 in score , which was uncalled for since i actually pointed out that there might be a very small shift compounding into a larger value once rounding was performed . 
  no , not the people that matter . 
  [ summit has been great success ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r13riarkgo0 ), 
  i was referring to the us ' nato payments , they really do pay for the majority of the costs . 
  the raising of interest rates is going to have a lead two important things ; one - it might knock down inflation , from an already pretty normal level ( 1.9 % ) , two - it might create new sovereign debt issues for certain states . 
  states such as italy are dependent on low interest rates as they 're currently rolling over old debt by issuing new debt . 
  this is working out great now , but if the market interest rates climb , the loan costs might increase sharply , putting strain on budgets . 
  hopefully they get out of the woods soon , because there will at some point , sooner or later , be a new cyclical down turn . 
  if that happens before the weak economies are back on their legs again , they 'll get kicked in the face again . 
  though this time the debt levels might be too much to carry , and there 's a limit to how long and hard you can apply austerity to boost the budgets . 
  it looks like trump is dragging orban along on a leash . 
  `` i 'm paying for all of this , i 'll be darned if i do n't get to stand in front ! '', 
  yeah , china is indeed looking a bit wobbly . 
  they have huge structural issues that need to be tackled . 
  the communist party is probably up to it , they 've shown little qualms to instate what would be seen as extreme policies in the west to tackle problems , such as the one child policy . 
  no need to be a total dick . 
  the reason why the economic pickup has been so slow in the e28 compared to the us is the fact that ecb has had and still has a very narrow mandate . 
  had its hands not been so tied the recovery could have happened much sooner . 
  the e28 and the euro-zone especially is not out of the woods yet , another cyclical downturn now could put pressure on certain economies and create more problems . 
  there 's a limit to how low you can go with your interest rates , and we 're probably close to the floor right now . 
  also , the eventual hiking of interest rates will cause long term issues for indebted nations , especially those that are currently dependent on rolling over their current debts . 
  once they ca n't refinance old debt at low levels and have to do it to higher levels , italy and the like will run into sovereign debt issues again . 
  the inflation has just started to pick up , it remained very low previously , especially considering how much money ecb pumped into the market , they even started running out of paper to buy and had to branch out to company bonds . 
  look at the period before 2017 , very low inflation given the huge amount of euros being pumped into the market . 
  i 'd also like to point out that some of the inflation as of late is being pushed up by riding fuel costs . 
  hopefully it stays were it is , another deflationary period is going to be very damaging . 
  come on , everyone that can read a balance spreadsheet knows that greece is not getting out of this . 
  they keep being asked to take out new and bigger loans to cover the old ones . 
  last time mario draghi saved to euro by saying he was willing to `` do what it takes '' . 
  the ecb has been pumping billions of euros into the market every day , yet no inflation is to be seen . 
  let 's just hope that the current global business cycle stays in the upturn area , getting another recession right now is going to hurt like hell . 
  let me guess , not sustainable ? 
  that 's what the imf has been staying for quite a while now . 
  varoufakis claimed that lagarde and certain wheelchair riding german in private conceded that the current greek austerity was n't going to work , but that the invested political capital was too big to backtrack . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's true or not , but it might very well be the truth . 
  they usually look for jolt , a spike , in the values , which would indicate that they have impacted the ground . 
  you then want to cut away the parachute quickly , before it collapses and falls down and covers the probe . 
  if you cut it too late , you risk obstructing all instruments . 
  problem then becomes what if you release it too early , well you crash . 
  there we go , that 's a huge help . 
  still basically the same as q1 2016 , and q1 2015 . 
  it 's not a hugely worrying sign by it self , though it could indicate that the uk is starting to lag behind the e27 . 
  a gdp change of 0.1 % does not correlate to a change in state income of 0.1 % - points , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  some economies are doing better others worse than estimates . 
  the average for the eu28 as a whole seems to be pretty much in line of expectations . 
  uk usually has a slow q1 , only to see it increase later . 
  we 'll have to see of the trend keeps holding . 
   i 'm sure you point that out every time a change in statistics happens . 
  i do n't comment on every post on this subreddit concerning statistics , no . 
  it 's just at the time of my posting nobody seemed to have considered that the apparent change might be down to minuscule changes in the resultant number . 
  i 'm not saying it fake news . 
  there are a number of factors pointing in different directions . 
  inflation is up , hurting consumers , business investment is up somewhat , export is down , etc etc. 
  we have to wait and see what the long term trend looks like . 
  the drop in pound has directly affected inflation due to price increases on imported goods , though it will take a will for export business to ramp up production to meet any increased external demands due to a weaker currency . 
  give it another couple of quarters and we should know more of what 's happening and why . 
  the quarterly growth is basically the same as it was in 2016 , though no one screamed failing uk then . 
  that 's my point , we ca n't really tell what happened when just looking at the number by itself , you have to look at the underlying factors . 
  though you can bet that a change from 0.3 % to 0.4 % would get less upvotes here . 
  sure , 0.1 % of a number of billions is a lot of money , though i 'd like to point out that the apparent change might be down to a very small factor such as rounding . 
  we 'll have to wait and see how the next quarters go , the first quarter is usually quite slow compared to the rest . 
  it dropped from the 0.3 % to 0.2 % , hardly a huge change , it might even be down to a small change leading to different rounding of numbers , such as 0.25 % -  0.3 % vs 0.24 % -  0.2 % edit : points out it could be a rounding induced change , get down-voted . 
  you go / r/europe , stay classy . 
  i 've written some software that went up on a cubesat , and they were absolute anal about the documentation and compliance testing . 
  my software did n't even interface directly with senors , but took in sanitized data guaranteed to be within the specs . 
  i ca n't imagine the pain of writing software that actually takes in sensor data from multiple sources , feed them into a closed loop decision system and uses that to trigger external events . 
  testing it also a pain in the ass , one thing is running tests with simulated data , another thing is accounting for all the weird stuff that can happen during a real life mission , stuff you never thought could happen has a tendency to happen . 
  it 's quite fascinating how many landers have been lost because they thought that they had landed , causing them to either eject the parachute or stop firing the retrothrusters . 
  turns out detecting ground or not is very difficult , even with the different methods available such as ranging radar , acceleration measurements , doppler radar , magnetic flux and more, 
  i 'm not saying we 're right , i 'm just saying what it looks like from our perspective . 
  our minister of fishery has proposed several compromises , one of which gives the eu some quoats in the area in exchange for some quoats in eu waters being given to norwegian vessels . 
  the eu is fully aware of norway 's position on the svalbard waters , it would be much better to actually talk to us about it instead of just sending fishing vessels into an area they know is disputed . 
  it just looks like an aggressive and unfriendly move . 
  they know fully well that fishing is a very sensitive issue in norway , and is one of the reasons we opted for the eea , since it does not come with the common fisheries policy . 
  it would not surprise me if we have to take it to the courts , as we 've done with several other fishing related issues . 
  the eu lost a court battle in 2006 after instating certain limits of norwegian salmon exports . 
  the eu lost with zero to 22 votes in wto , see they were n't even close to getting the legal parts right . 
  as i said in anotherer comment , the eu is starting to look more and more like a guy with a heavy italian accent walking around our shop with a bat in his hand saying how unfortunate it would be if something were to happen to our nice little store .
