  do n't forget the obligatory 3 lines concerning keywords such as `` stability , growth , trans-national cooperation , bilateral , shared values '' and so on . 
  they have this insatiable need to show that something was done , even when there were no tangible results . 
  so , early general election or just some general cling to power when he loses ? 
   no , i mean why is there a `` pro-refugee '' side ? 
   so they can engage in moral masturbation . 
  you said it yourself . 
  had it been about actually helping as many as possible , we would have spent all of the money in north africa and me to get the most bang for our buck . 
  it 's not about helping them , it 's about being ** seen ** helping them . 
  i love the whole `` far right are bad because of their non-liberal stance on social issues . 
  muslims are okay because they 're brown , let 's disregard the rest . '', 
  [ frauke petry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frauke_petry ), 
  it takes a while for reality to filter through the rose-tinted glasses of our mainstream media . 
  we ca n't have them lend credibility to far right groups , can we ? 
  especially when they 're right . 
  because it 's still an ongoing problem ? 
  it 's not like the subject is dead once the stream died down somewhat . 
  now we have to integrate these people , pouring money from state budgets that are already having trouble coping with financing pensions and other social welfare needs . 
  then we have to deal with their children , some of which we know will turn to terrorism and extremism when they develop an identity crisis growing up in a liberal country while their parents tell them to live like they 're still in the me . 
  what happened last summer will affect europe for the next two-three decades , at least . 
  some of them certainly were , most of them even . 
  yet , some of the terrorists behind the attacks in france did sneak back into europe via refugee routes , fearing detection if they used `` normal ways '' . 
  of course they are . 
  i remember the accusation of racism , xenophobia , islamophobia , child murderer and what not when people in this sub said isis was going to use the refugee stream to enter europe when the migrant crisis was picking up . 
  yet another case of `` far-right '' people first shunned for being racist and non-factual , later proven to be right . 
  too bad potential and actual terrorists keep pouring in through the refugee routes then . 
  we 're securing the front door while the backdoor is wide open . 
  i do n't see any realistic way wilders can win . 
  his party might do well and put pressure on the rest , but they 're still just going to isolate him through wide coalitions . 
  a le pen win is more likely , but she 's going to get crushed if she goes up against juppe . 
  she has a real shot if she makes it to the second round versus sarkozy . 
   do not use tape , that gets your vote tossed !, 
  disregard this rightist propaganda vdb voters !, 
  tape and glue will ensure hofer 's henchmen ca n't steal your votes / s  i have a feeling hofer will win because turnout might be lower this time . 
  i do hope everyone shows up again and vdb takes it but i would not bet on him winning like i did last time . 
  ( and i was quite surprised that he only won by that very thin margin back in summer ) how is the fear factor going to impact the turn-out ? 
  i assume quite a few voted vdb after being scared of hofer 's strong first round . 
  the fear must have died down somewhat by now , or at least if feels less urgent and `` fresh in mind '' . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see how hofer reinterprets the role of the president if he wins . 
  constitution wise you 're looking a lot like the weimar republic . 
  our current clusterfuck consists of two parties in a minority government with the support of two parties to ensure sure that the budget passes . 
  the two supporting parties keep throwing tantrums and one of them is openly flirting with the main opposition party . 
  at least the government managed to lower some taxes , increase the tax free quota of liqueur and legalise segway . 
  pretty boring three years . 
  oh , they also built some roads !, 
  we should n't write off le pen , but i give her only 15-20 % chance of winning , factoring in a potential sarkozy run off . 
  still , the political landscape in the west has shifted and will keep shifting as long as the established parties fail to address voter concerns . 
  use glue and tape this time . 
  who do you think will win ? 
  it looks pretty close in the polls . 
  i do n't read german or live in austria so i ca n't really feel the `` political pulse '' . 
  the only realiistic chance for le pen to win is if she goes up against sarkozy , which probably wo n't happen . 
  meh , you 'll end up with some sort of coalition trying to isolate wilders . 
  we 're also having an election next year , but it 's probably going to be as boring as always . 
  the two main parties will take pot shots at each other even though they basically have the same policies . 
  our far right party is already in the government and have done okay . 
  the left has collapsed and the centre parties are maneuvering to ensure political influence while battling the 4 % hurdle . 
  we 'll probably end up with labour + socialist left + centre party , perhaps with support of the communist red and/or the green party if they need a couple of seats to get the majority . 
  2016 ; the year that keeps giving . 
  no we await the referendum in italy and the presidential election in austria . 
  2017 is also going to be fun with the elections in france and germany !, 
  please , go ahead . 
  none of our eu elite is willing to kill off this farce , the turks may as well do it themselves . 
  then we can stop paying pre-asccension funds to a country numerous people claim will never be allowed to join . 
  our long term goal is to get to 2 % by 2020 , so about 0.1 percentage points increase each year . 
  in that case my nor-english pronunciation is on point !, 
  i tried to check it out online , and i could n't really see that there should be a difference , but i still wrote me pronouncing it the same off to my non-native english skills . 
  shit . 
  pronounced the same-ish , spelled differently . 
  sorry , i do actually know the difference !, 
  edit : turns out it 's pronounced the same . 
  i feel less inept for each comment i get . 
   or , alternatively , he 's just been riding a wave that has always been far bigger than him , and has n't actually done very much at all except manage to stay in the public spotlight by saying outrageous things . 
  there is no way cameron had n't pushed for a referendum had it not been for ukip . 
  ukip would not have had an effect without farage , it 's falling apart now that farage is leaving . 
   implying that farage will have a meaningful impact on us foreign policy is a little out of touch to say the least . 
  whether even trump himself will have a meaningful impact on us foreign policy is something that remains to be seen . 
  farage has obliviously gained some favors with trump seeing as he has been `` given an audience '' before any other european politicians . 
  there is no telling what sort of honey farage is dripping into trump 's ear . 
  it remains to be seen what sort of presidency this will be , either trump is going to be strong willed or he 's going to be pushed around and dictated by the republican party . 
  we 're either going to a completely different foreign policy , or more or less the same obama practiced the last 8 years . 
  does n't matter . 
  turkey has a big army and is in a strategically important position . 
  the bosporus strait can deny the russian black sea fleet acess to the mediterranean . 
  edit : stupid norwegian brain ca n't differentiate between the word `` straight and `` strait '' . 
  i 'll be in the corner . 
  you 've got ta give to it farage , he has accomplished more than most politicians will in their lifetime , and yet he has never held a political position of great importance . 
  he has always been an outsider cunningly manipulating people and politicians to get his will . 
  i thought his political career was done after brexit , turns out it has barley begun . 
  i 'm not saying that , but i actually thought he had a chance to win and was very put off when our politicians kept bashing him . 
  the hubris off european politicians is astonishing, 
  moldova is not that important by itself , but it clearly shows how russia will and are employ ( ing ) salami tactics to split the west whenever they get the chance to do so . 
  i like how literally every leader of western europe spent the us presidential race to shit on trump , calling him nasty things and believing there was no way he could win . 
  we 're truly being governed by idiots that have little to no understanding of the anger that is brewing within the western democracies . 
  go ask juncker for advice , he 's always pretty vocal about this sort of stuff, 
  pro-eu forces are being pushed back everywhere , the next 2-3 years are gon na get very interesting . 
  til i 'm `` red line '' . 
  ca n't expect a four year old to own an apartment , can you ? 
  a mandate given by record low turnout . 
  the voters did n't seem that into him tbh . 
  good for him he was up against le pen .
