i see that erdogan 's plan of consolidating power is still in motion . 
  oh , i see the problem now . 
  agreed . 
  let 's settle for a healthy medium , shall we ? 
   consider how putin 's rt.com plays the refugee angle up against merkel . 
  and reddit eats it up ... you know , it 's entirely possible to feel that merkel and the eu 's handling of the refugee crisis was/is horrible , without that being a consequence of putin 's propaganda . 
  writing off peoples opinions as being entirely swayed by russian propaganda is not very helpful . 
  come on , petry said that the police/military should have authority to shoot at people who illegally tries to cross the border , a practice many countries adhere to . 
  she never mentioned race or ethnicity . 
  jesus , stop with the nazis line !, 
  you 're adding nothing to the discussion . 
   nordic union here we come hands off our oil money !, 
   i think that any media expert would tell you that consciously agreeing to a photo op which will produce pictures of you as a big orange blob in the surf is dang stupid . 
  this is actually a thing in norway . 
  our severely overweight prime minister was photographed bobbing in the waves in a orange survival suit . 
  pr advisors see it as a way of appearing sporty and down to earth . 
  it 's basically about making the politician in question appear human . 
   when , where , by whom last eu summit with turkey , do n't remember the place , and eu ( * cough * merkel * cough * ) . 
  you can read more about it [ here ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/132581 ), 
   the point now rather is to make clear that visa-free travel for turkish citizens into the eu will not happen any day before mr erdogan leaves office . 
  we promised turkey that they would get visa-free travel if they fulfill all requirements and keep their part of the migrant sendback deal . 
  we ca n't really go back on that now . 
  if the eu has promised turkey visa free travel , and turkey complies with the requirements , they should be given visa free travel . 
  that being said , it 's rather obvious that germany has been pushing hard for the eu-turkey agreement , without getting ever single eu member on board . 
  no wonder the opposition to visa-free travel is getting stronger . 
  turkey has to fulfill a set of requirements to be granted visa-free travel . 
  demanding to be given visa-free travel within a set date without first meeting the requirements is counterproductive , and the eu-turkey deal makes it clear that turkey has to meet the requirements before being granted visa-free travel . 
   she sorta befriended one prostitute there who frequented their bar and asked her why she does what she does . 
  she replied that as a child , she was frequently raped by an uncle/family friend . 
  it made her unable to enjoy sex or keep a relationship . 
  when she was unable to find job for longer time , she decided to use her numbness and earn money this way , she had nothing to lose anyway . 
  jesus , that made me feel uneasy . 
  this is gon na be good . 
  not in a million years . 
  the eu sentiment in norway has been getting worse and worse . 
  last poll showed something like 70-80 % people against joining the eu . 
  the sentiment right now is that we dodged a bullet by voting , by a small margin , against entering the eu in 74 and 92 . 
  april is n't even over yet ... 
  czechout ? 
  the migration problem is made worse by the free flow of people within the schengen area . 
  if they make it through the outer border , migrants can almost effortlessly move within the area without being subjected to id checks . 
  i 'm not defending the swedish asylum polices in any way , but the removal of national id checks is one of the reasons the flow of migrants has picked up the last decades . 
  if an asylum seeker if first registered in sweden , sweden has to process the claim , even though it 's obvious that the person in question must have passed at least one other safe country . 
   [ ... ] and those were also eventually deported back as is the plan now . 
  provided that the conditions in syria and other refugee producing countries improve within a reasonable time frame , which i 'm pessimistic about . 
  sure , keep throwing gasoline on the fire . 
   i think its smart to wait a while to see the effects , if brexit turns out to be horrible , i do n't think denmark would follow which is why i belive that if brexit happens , the eu will give britain a really shitty deal , to keep other countries from even thinking about exiting the eu . 
  it anoys me how eu increasingly seems to be run by mobsters strong-arming countries into submission . 
  let me take a wild stab in the dark . 
  the eu , lead by the italians , prop up a western friendly government that over time turns into a regime . 
  in an effort to stabilize the new government , the west pumps libya full with arms in an attempt to thwart islamic rebels . 
  it will probably end like most other western interventions , badly . 
  well , we broke libya once , so doing it twice would n't change much . 
  norway voted against joining the eu twice . 
  i was n't eligible to vote in either of those referendums , so you ca n't really blame me for that . 
  that being said , if there was a referendum in norway tomorrow on whether or not we should join the eu , i 'd vote no . 
  for exactly the reasons stated above . 
  i also find it a bit strange that i 'm not allowed to voice my concerns about the eu project when my country is not a member . 
  norway has an indirect stake in the eu project through the eea . 
  i 've honestly become more negative towards the prospects of the eu becoming a federalized superstate . 
  the number of members has become substantially over the last decades , and they 're still wanting to take more countries in . 
  as the number of members grow , i expect the integration process is going to become more and more difficult , especially as the power of balance starts moving east . 
  even though the head of the eu does n't want to admit it , there 's a great divide when it comes to what members want out of the eu . 
  some see it mainly as a trade block , while others want full political integration . 
  there 's also quite a difference in options when it comes to things like security policy , lgbt rights , and non western immigration . 
  for eu skeptics i feel that a brexit could swing two ways : 1 - it triggers a wave of referendums across europe and lead to some countries exiting the eu . 
  2 - without the uk holding back federalization , the eu steps up its game and speed up the integration process . 
  and i expect the numbers to rise even more if the eu-turkey deal is successful . 
  we need to remove the pull factors that make migrants and refugees come , instead of having the eu 's extremely slow bureaucracy and inefficient strike deals with every country bordering the mediterranean sea . 
  well , it either just worked , or just about . 
  still , the 30 % turn out seems far too low , and it leads to tactical abstention . 
  those are the rules . 
  i agree that the threshold is probably too low , but the split is still about 65-35 % against , so it 's not a close race . 
  i understand that this sucks for ukraine , and that it might end up pushing them closer to russia and putin . 
  i totally get that . 
  it 's probably much easier for the no-side to mobilize . 
  at the same time , it 's kind of weird that a 65-35 split at 29 % turn out is worth nothing , but a 55-45 split for example at 32 % is something entirely different . 
  so i guess the government will just disregard it , even though the split was close to 65-35 against ? 
  in that case , lucky for the sitting government . 
  edit : the turnout rate has a margin of error of + / -3 % . 
  a minimum turnout of 30 % is required for the referendum to be valid , right ? 
   the other third probably has a cousin whose couch they can crash on . 
  they 're all cousins . 
  next time we topple a dictator , could we atleast have the replacement puppet regime planned out in advance ? 
   do n't syrian refugees only make up a small proportion of the total coming in though ? 
  thought it was 40 % at last count . 
  i have n't looked at the latest numbers , but yes , the general trend has been that syrian refugees make up a smaller and smaller percentage of the turkey-greece flow . 
  other nationalities coming from turkey to greece will be sent back , but no syrian nationals will be taking in . 
  the 1-1 swap only applies for syrians . 
   guess we need to make this deal with a bunch of other countries as well as turkey . 
  yeah , probably . 
  that 's why i believe that we should instead try to eliminate/minimize the pull factors . 
  bureaucracy , especially the eu 's , moves very slowly , and people smugglers will quickly adapt to any changes and new deportation agreements . 
  the migrant route will probably shift from turkey-greece to libya-italy , hence why the eu and other western powers desperately tries to prop up a new libyan government that is friendly to the west . 
  other possible routes are via russia and into the baltics and norway and finland . 
  the flow across the russian-norwegian border came to and end in late 2015 after norway and russia reached an agreement , but the flow could easily restart if the russians look the other way . 
  the general idea is to break business model of people smugglers . 
  no-one is going to be willing to pay huge sums of money and risk their lives if they 're : a - going to be sent back , and b - be placed last in the relocation queue . 
  will it work ? 
  i have no idea .
