  rowing a longboat by yourself gets tiresome . 
  ich bit ein berliner , you mean ? 
  oh , looking a pictures of him i realize that his hair is gray and not blonde . 
  sorry about that . 
  the uk can certainly begin to undercut the eu on things like regulations , overtime compensation , taxation , vat and other areas . 
  some of these have been completely or largely controlled directly or indirectly by the eu . 
  i 'd like to point out that parts of the leave campaign , such as farage , were pretty clear that the number ( 350 million a week ) was n't true . 
  there 's no doubt that gove and johnson kept repeating that number like some sort of universal truth . 
  strictly speaking it is , but the `` 350 million a week to the nhs '' has almost become a meme on this sub and is frequently brought up when discussing brexit . 
  looking back , i ca n't put my finger on why we intervened . 
  i remember that the process in norway was really shady , were the security advisors for each party were summoned to a off-the book secret meeting were they all agreed to part taking in the bombing , and suddenly norwegian f16s were bombing gaddafi 's compound . 
  we got mixed into a war were the public was kept in the dark and seemingly all political parties were in favour of it . 
  do n't get me wrong , gaddafi was not a nice guy , but his iron rule fist brought stability to the country and kept the migrants down to a minimum . 
  just saying , we did what we were supposed to do . 
  we upheld schengen and dublin . 
  every single person that passed was registered and asked to lodge an asylum claim if they did n't have a schengen visum . 
  i do n't blame hungary for acting the way they did , i 'm just saying that we did what we agreed to do , no expections . 
  we bombed the last government out of existence , let 's bomb the new one into power . 
  i usually do n't advocate foregin meddling , but we fucked up the place , let 's at least bring some stability back to it . 
   you have no schengen border with russia and still that incident happened . 
  it 's our only external schengen border . 
  we did our duty . 
  we registered , cataloged and processed every application of every single asylum seeker that crossed the border . 
  we did n't let anyone pass without lodging an asylum claim in norway . 
  unlike every other border state , we did what we were supposed to do , and what we agreed to . 
  that 's why we got annoyed when the eu decided to investigate our treatment of asylum seekers . 
  we did n't pull a hungary and let through people without registering them . 
  we processed , fed and took care of every single one . 
  we did not ask other countries to bear our burden , we took care of every single one of them , without expedition . 
   i do n't think schengen is the main culprit in preventing you from controlling your border . 
  yes , it is . 
  we 've had n't had a single asylum seeker , apart from one ( ! ), 
  yesterday cross our outer schengen border since late 2015 . 
  every asylum seeker we have gotten since late 2015 have crossed through either sweden or finland , but we 're prohibited from controlling our border as we 'd like to . 
  sweden is not doing what is supposed to do , but we 're prohibited to control everyone that crosses our borders due to schengen . 
  quite frankly , it pisses us off . 
  we did out part , the other schengen members did not . 
  at this point i 'd rather stand in passport queues to enter schengen than to continue not having real control of our borders , and that sentiment is spreading through norway . 
  either the our borders are fixes , internal schengen controls or were allowed to get full control of our borders . 
  we 're tired for picking up the slack of other countries . 
  db going belly up is going to make lehman brother 's look like child 's play . 
  db has sold/traded a huge amount of complicated derivative products , and it 's very hard to figure out what banks are on the hook and for how much . 
  there has recently been a push against our membership in eea . 
  previously only the parties on the far left , r\u00f8dt ( red/communists ) and sv ( socialist left ) as well as a senterpartiet ( centre party ) had an outspoken wish to leave the eu/eea . 
  now one of the ruling parties , frp ( progress party ) has made it official policy to boycott an accession to the eu unless there is a majority referendum to join . 
  a lot of parties have expressed worries that the eu is unable to guard its outer borders and that we might have to leave schengen in order to regain control of ours . 
  we had a large sudden influx of 5500 people crossing the norwegian-russian border in 2015 and applying for asylum . 
  it might not sound like a lot , but it happened in one of the most sparely populated areas in norway and it brought the local police system to a complete halt . 
  we managed to close the border after negotiating with the russians were we threatened to close down the border crossing permanently . 
  we processed , assessed and provided adequate care for every single applicat ( tion/ant ) even thought it put great strain on the local resources . 
  our politicians got quite annoyed when the un and the eu got involved and demanded to visit the detention camps . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  it becoming really frustrating . 
  the police is fining them , but they do n't have the funds needed to pay for the fines , and they have no fixed address , which means that the police ca n't really `` seek them out '' when they fail to pay in order to put them in front of a judge and get a prison sentence . 
  the current tactic seems to be to seek out the camps when they get to a certain size , usually employing the rule of `` sanitary living standards '' to evacuate the camp and tear it down . 
  it 's a pretty lengthy process that requires the county doctor to declare it unfit for human occupation . 
  when you 've broken the law enough times , the police issue a formal document which forbids you from entering norway for a certain amount of time , but its usually rendered useless by the schengen agreement . 
  usually the police takes the person ( s ) in question into custody and calls in the social service . 
  you 're offered a small sum of money , 500 kr ( 55 euro ) and a one way ticket back to romania or whatever , to leave voluntarily . 
  i saw a recent newspaper article where gypsy beggars were disappointed by the recent downturn in revenue . 
  norwegians were previously not used to begging , as we have a good social safety net . 
  someone begging on the street usually meant that they were really in the shit . 
  the gypsies made use of this sentiment and made huge sums of money over the years . 
  as most norwegians caught on , we stopped giving money to the beggars and started ignoring them . 
  some of the beggars are apparently considering moving their `` business '' to other countries . 
  ah yes , the gypsis . 
  spreading joy and stability wherever their well-mannered spirits touch . 
  we have a real problem with gypsy camps in the wooded area around our capital , oslo . 
  the police keep tearing them down , but they just pop up somewhere else within a few days . 
  the police regularly recover hundreds ( ! ), 
  of stolen bicycles and tv sets each time they raid a camp . 
  sending them back , and keeping them out , has proven to be a pain in the ass thanks to the schengen agreement and our lack of ability to properly control our borders and vet those that cross . 
  denmark has struggled with pitiful economic growth for what feels like forever . 
  you think ? 
  / s it 's a risky move . 
  yes , he might steal some votes , but he risk lending more legitimacy to le pen 's policies . 
  sarkozy is the guy moving towards fn , and not the other way around . 
  you ca n't call fn fascists and racists only to adopt their policies later on without the electorate catching on . 
  le pen , is that you ? 
  yeah , we probably do . 
  luckily the way we spend the oil money is very sustainable , we can probably keep it up way after the last oil reserves are tapped . 
  the major issue right now is that oil is so profitable that it cannibalizes other areas of business . 
  luckily we 've seen a surge of start-ups in the western parts of norway , so new jobs are being created by those laid off . 
  sweden , you better keep control of gotland , we do n't want s400s to cover half of sweden . 
  that sounds very balkan-ish . 
  great , closing off the russian border worked brilliantly . 
  now for phase two , the great norwegian-swedish border wall . 
  the eu is free the rent the bouvet i ( ce/s ) land from us if they want it . 
  alternatively they 'll bust the asylum seekers actually working , while the ones committing crimes and living on the state flies under the radar . 
  well done !, 
   weser\u00fcbung no need for that , the front door is open . 
  we 're still waiting for the new f35 planes to arrive , and our old ones are falling apart . 
  you might have to watch out for our new fancy stealth boats , but i do n't think they 're manned during the weekends . 
  ps : do n't tell the russians , our defense doctrine hinges on the russians not knowing about our very public military shortcomings . 
  well , sweden is often mentioned in norway by our politicans and media when it comes to immigration . 
  i ca n't count the number of times someone said something like `` if we do/don ' t do that , we 'll end up just like sweden !, 
  '' , and not in a nice sort of way . 
  can confirm , country is about to collapse . 
  i 've only got two barrels of oil left in my basement . 
  please send help , unless you 're a svenskej\u00e6vel / s seriously though , the economy is pretty meh right now .
