  we should either become full members or leave all together . 
  it 's a very easy way for the politicians to appear to do something . 
  they get to rave on about protecting children and stopping terrorism and what not , yet they do n't address the root issue . 
  talking guns from people who 's name are on a list ( legal gun owners ) is much easier than taking them from those who 're not on a list ( illegal owners ) . 
  no wonder why they pick the easy way out . 
   i have little hope but it be interesting to see if it curbs terrorists attacks . 
  how ? 
  it only stops legal gun owners from acquiring legal guns , while terrorists keep buying them from the black market . 
  this wo n't stop shit . 
  the harmonization of deactivation of firearms might have an effect , since certain eastern european countries had really shoddy deactivation techniques that could be undone with a hacksaw . 
  i fully support that part of the new laws , but the other parts are obviously written by people who either have no idea of how guns work , or just do n't like guns in general . 
  it gets even better ; take a legal gun and a legal magazine ( 20 + rounds , but most be owned by a non-gun owner ) . 
  all legal , than insert the legal magazine into the legal gun : poof !, 
  illegal !!!!, 
  take the magazine out and the gun is legal again . 
  even better : have two identical guns ; one with a class a license and one with a class b. insert 10 + rounds into gun a , no problems , insert the same magazine into gun b ; you 're now in violation of the law and all gun licenses must be recalled . 
  laws written by a committee , makes no fucking sense . 
  there are other countries in europe with a large share of gun owners , namely norway , sweden and finland . 
  though , we do n't really get the guns for self defense , but for sports shooting or hunting . 
  you can own a gun capable of taking a 20 + round magazine ( for hand guns ) or 10 + rounds ( long firearms ) or 20/10 + magazines , but not at the same time unless you have a a class liscence . 
  you heard right , person a can own the magazine , and not the gun , and person b can own the gun but not the magazine . 
  i 'm wondering if i can transfer ownership of my previously legal ( thanks for that dick move , eu ) , now illegal magazines to my non-gun owning wife . 
  check your facts :  will the firearms directive be applicable in switzerland , norway , iceland and liechtenstein ? 
   yes . 
  in switzerland , in accordance with the schengen agreement between the eu , the commission and the swiss confederation . 
  in norway , iceland and liechtenstein on the basis of their association agreement with the schengen acquis . 
  once the directive is transposed into national law , the associated countries will have to notify the commission , eu member states and other associated countries . 
  [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-4465_en.htm ), 
   `` once the directive is transposed into national law '' is the key wording here . 
  which we will because we 'd rather not be ejected from our biggest market without having a plan b in place . 
   maybe you will be suspended from schengen , which i gather is what you guys wish anyways . 
  we 're getting close to that point ; yes . 
  a week ago a tv documentary about romanian street beggars turned the nation even more against the unchecked freedom of movement when it was revealed that most of the beggars were either working for filthy rich back-men driving bmws , prostitutes , drug addicts or thieves . 
  it did n't make the situation better as both the police and our minister of justice admitted that they knew about the problem , but that our schengen mandated porous border control made it impossible and illegal to keep them out . 
  come election time about 35 % of the combined vote will be for parties wanting to leave schengen . 
  and now the labour party ( representing 30 % of the votes ) are talking about curbing the freedom of movement . 
  give it another election cycle and you 'll see party blocks campaigning on the issue of leaving the eea and/or schengen unless we get a better deal . 
  the left and right wing parties got close to 40 % of the vote in the first round and now all establishment parties have been knocked out leaving only a startup and the far right party in the game . 
  what a win !, 
  we saw the same thing in austria : `` yay , the pan-germania , closeted neo-nazi , ban all foreigners candidate only got 46 % in the vote giving a fringe party a narrow victory '' . 
  the centre is n't holding , it 's getting decimated and replaced with right and left wing parties . 
   the article does not say anything about schengen . 
  better check the [ fact sheet ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-4465_en.htm ) produced by the commision then :  [ ... ] in switzerland , in accordance with the schengen agreement between the eu , the commission and the swiss confederation . 
  in norway , iceland and liechtenstein on the basis of their association agreement with the schengen acquis . 
  once the directive is transposed into national law , the associated countries will have to notify the commission , eu member states and other associated countries . 
  we 'll drag our feet at the whole thing , but implement it anyways , as we 'd rather not drop out of our current agreement without having plans the renegotiate it first , but this is yet another nail in the coffin our our eea membership . 
  the winds are , and have being turning , towards a more eu-sceptic norwegian political landscape for quite a while , and it 's only gon na get worse as we 're pressured on things like safety regulation in the north sea , fishing rights related to svalbard and other regulations we do n't want or support . 
  yeah , the commission pulled up a pre-written , draconian gun law before the bodies were even cold . 
  i suspect they 've got drawers full of new changes at the ready when a new attack happens . 
  `` the old laws did n't stop the terrorists , we need stricter laws ! '', 
  no shit , the old laws did n't do shit because they were n't targeting anything but legal owners . 
  how 's the preparation for the referendum coming ? 
  my understanding is that it needs to be codified into swiss law before you can call a referendum on it . 
  i agree ; the deactivation part of the proposed changes were quite good . 
  i 'd be happy to see those , and only those , passed . 
  a gun sold as a deactivated firearm should be and needs to be deactivated in an irreversible way . 
  all schengen members are affected by the regulation . 
  turns out that the shit eu regulations apply outside the eu ; what wonders !, 
   `` it 's impossible and we should just accept it because we are a jack shit country that has no say or power at all '' . 
  that 's been the running argument since the 90s ; our deal is far better then what we could possibly get by renegotiating , yet the narrative is changing . 
  our parties are increasingly shifting against the eu , and the pressure is building up both on the right and left wings of our political spectrum . 
  the `` drop the current agreement '' parties are polling at almost 30 % combined , and a labor shift against the current agreement will put those wanting to renegotiate or drop the agreement at over 55 % . 
  the shift has been slow , but will only strengthen as the friction builds over a number of issues relating to migration , toll barriers , fishing rights and other regulations . 
  the largest norwegian parties ; the conservatives and labor have been very pro eu for a long time , but the worker 's unions have pressured labor into a more eurosceptic position . 
  the center party ( senterpartiet ) , who 's mostly known for being ferociously against the eu , is polling at record levels ; the last time they did this well we voted against joining the eu . 
  i fully expect the labor party to renegotiate the agreement if they win and post an ultimatum at the 2021 election , either accepting the new agreement or dropping our eea membership all together . 
  terrorists are using illegal fireams !, 
  solution : make legal firearms even more hard to acquire . 
  i 'm a bit surprised they have n't outlawed illegal things yet . 
  [ firearms united ] ( https://firearms-united.com/ ) has also done a great job at lobbying against some of the asinine commission proposals . 
  without them we would 've seen even worse regulations this time . 
  norway is affected too , due to schengen . 
  now our centrist party ( senterpartiet ) is kicking up a fuss due to the gun law , and are treating to leave schengen due to the new gun laws as well as wanting to get back the power to reimpose border controls . 
  the whole norwegian political arena has shifted towards a more anti-eu sentiment over the last years , not due to gun law , but due to a multitude of issues . 
  our populist party ( progress party ) , which is currently in government , wants to drop schengen to reinstate border control , and is also flirting with exiting the eea . 
  our largest party ( labour ) has dropped an eu membership from its party program , instead opting for `` bilateral agreements '' . 
  no matter what government we end up with after this years election , it will contain have at least one party wanting to either exit schengen , exit the eea or try to renegotiate our agreement to win back some of the powers transferred to the eu . 
  now the worker 's unions are kicking up more fuss about social dumping , so i expect the labor party to end up with wanting to renegotiate of the whole norwegian-eu agreement as well to curb freedom of movement . 
  bottom line is that we 're getting closer towards a political landscape that wants to sever some of our ties to the eu . 
  i recon that it will become a hotly debated election topic once the uk deal has been hashed out and we have a good understanding of their new deal and what it entails . 
  i get what she 's trying to do , but it seems like some last ditch effort that probably wo n't work . 
  she is , as you said , almost synonymous with fn and fn is synonymous with her . 
  she might be able to attract some more voters , but she risks alienating part of her electorate . 
  oh well , she 's probably pretty desperate , she 's not gon na win against macron unless something earth shattering happens . 
  eh , last ditch attempt to win the presidency by distancing herself from fn ? 
  i do n't get this move at all . 
  is she still in race for presidency , or is she running on behalf of a party and not as an `` individual candidate '' with a party backing ? 
  go ahead erodgan , play that card . 
  once you 've done that you 've got nothing left . 
  do n't forget about her incredibly expensive firework and special effects . 
  when she lost she did n't get on the stage , my guess is that she never wrote a `` loser 's speech '' , it did n't even occur to her that she could lose . 
  not unless germans become willing to throw money at what they call lazy southerners . 
  this truly is the weirdest timeline . 
  pretty accurate , though it needs more swedish waitresses . 
  she stands little to no chance against macron , i agree . 
  her only real chance is against fillon , or perhaps if there 's a huge election upset and le pen faces off against m\u00e9lenchon . 
  the latter would lead to some pretty hard to gauge electoral movement , and the differential turnout and a possible high abstention rate can really tip it any way . 
  so just in case eu falls apart . 
  you 're all still gon na vacation here for a symbolic sum of euromonies , yeees ? 
  do you accept oil as payment ?
