  well , some of our more eu positive politicians ( like 70 % of the politicians in the national parliament ) think we should join the eu so we actually get to vote on the legislation that actually concerns us . 
  we would get a whopping 2 % of the seats in the ep , what a difference that would make !, 
  i guess we could get some actual influence when it comes to the council , but i do n't really think it matters . 
  we already lobby other governments when it comes to passing/repealing changes we care about when the countries in question do n't really care what happens to that particular issue . 
  the general population 's perception of merkel swings back and forth like crazy . 
  as the migrant crisis picks up speed  yay , we 'll accept some refugees !, 
  new year 's eve happens  we got ta stop this , bad merkel !, 
  migration dies down  merkel 's plan worked , well done !, 
  terrorist attacks happen  omg , we did you let them in in the first place !, 
  thanks , merkel / s, 
  you guys are very welcome to join norway if you want to :-), 
   the point of the talks is to help turkey stop being an authoritarian kleptocracy with religious themes has it really helped ? 
  at some point it seems like the turks collectively said `` fuck it '' after being baited along by the eu for decades . 
  what help is it to be giant when you 're impotent ? 
  on second thought , sweden looking like a giant dick is more important than being in a silly info-graphics !, 
  the only reason i would vote for a norwegian eu membership these days is so we could be included in these graphics . 
  whenever i see the title for something like this i usually go `` neat !, 
  wonder what we look like compared to our neighbors ? 
  '' , only to find that norway is a grey numberless blob . 
   i think that you 're confusing the pacific solution ( which i 'd consider to be viable ) with `` turn greece into an unwilling detention camp '' , which i think is not . 
  we do n't have any small island nations we can force into taking the migrants . 
  we ca n't keep people from entering greece , but we can conceivably keep most of them from leaving greece . 
   you 're throwing an eu member under the bus . 
  bad precedent to set . 
  certainly not good for working towards future integration if that 's what you want . 
  greece has already been thrown under the bus at least once . 
  we keep pushing austerity even though it 's obvious that their economy is not benefiting from it . 
  secondly , i do n't think everyone wants more integration . 
  that 's kind of the big problem with eu right now . 
  some member states want to form a federal superstate , while other just want the eu for trade , national cooperation and structural funds . 
  i 'd also like to point out that european politicians seem more turned on when it comes to the prospect of a super state . 
  the general population seem less inclined to do so . 
   putting up internal borders in schengen is n't a great precedent either . 
  we already did so . 
  sweden , denmark , norway and a few others got extensions on their ability to impose internal border control . 
  any migrant sharing quota that impose a country where refugees have to live would also have to entail some sort of id check , either internally in countries or across schengen borders to ensure that people do n't pack their bags and leave ee for germany and sweden . 
  this migrant wave has really put a dent in the schengen concept . 
  we now have close to 2 million people within the schengen area who we no little/noting about . 
  terrorists are exploiting id free transit between countries to evade the law . 
  schengen might very well die due to how it 's being exploited by migrants and terrorists . 
  a leaky outer border also puts a huge strain on the schengen area . 
   if you think that people wo n't sneak across the land border or that greeks wo n't ship migrants across in boats , people who will then claim that they showed up directly and never went through greece , i think that you 're being unreasonably optimistic . 
  greece certainly is n't going to help out and register people if it 's being run over by the bus . 
  they will . 
  it 's therefore paramount that we register anyone that enters greece so they can be sent back when discovered . 
  we already have the eurodac database with fingerprints of asylum seekers . 
  greece can resist such an action , but it will either face economic hardship or simply be outvoted by qmv to give frontex power to register migrants . 
   remember golden dawn ? 
  i bet you that they are n't gon na like that much . 
  yeah , i remember gw . 
  they 're not doing terrible well in the polls , despite the recent migrant surge . 
  they might capitalize on greece being turned into a migrant detention camp , but i fail to see them getting into government . 
   the whole purpose of using greece as a holding facility is because you 're unwilling to withdraw from the refugee convention , and because that has a `` first safe country '' clause , yes ? 
  pretty much . 
  the refugee convention has become a holy cow . 
  politicians say they will uphold it , but do everything in their power to keep people from lodging asylum claim . 
  it 's insanity . 
  we better replace it with something that actually works before countries start unilaterally withdrawing from it and we 're left in a situation where nothing is left to replace it . 
   also ... i realize that eu member states have stronger divisions than us states and all , but ... seriously , what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  you 're going to fuck over a fellow eu member because it 'd be slightly politically-awkward to withdraw from the refugee convention for you ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  if you do n't want to accept refugees , and you 're willing to go to extreme lengths to stop them , just cut the charade and stop granting them legal access to move freely and work in the country . 
  i agree , it 's insane . 
  situations like these show that europe is not a continent of nations willing to take a bullet for each other . 
  when the going gets though we simply withdraw to our own nation states and hope the problem blows over . 
  any sort of fellowship and common goals and ideas have been imposed top-to-down via the eu and other trans-national bodies . 
  on paper we show solidarity , in reality we abandon each other when stuff gets too hard . 
  the eu needs to collectively get its shit together and reform the asylum institute , because the current system is not working as intended . 
  we either transition in an orderly fashion , or the whole thing comes tumbling down in the future in ways that can get really nasty . 
   here 's a perfectly-legal path that accomplishes just as much as the far-more-destructive path of beating up on greece : you announce that you are withdrawing from the refugee convention . 
  there is a one-year delay . 
  after that time , you are no longer bound by the refugee convention . 
  while i personally think that something like the refugee convention would be a good idea , i also think that the existing thing is seriously flawed and needs to be revised to avoid economic migration and to permit intake caps . 
  cap the processing rate to limit the intake for that year . 
  terminate the path to citizenship to asylees . 
  that can be done immediately -- it 's just national policy , no international treaty . 
   now , that may tick off people who feel that you should accept people for asylum . 
  it may irk people who feel that it conflicts with some humanitarian ideals . 
  but it is n't screwing over greece , and if you were going to dump said refugees in greece , you 'd be abandoning those ideals anyway . 
  i agree , but i ca n't see it happening anytime soon . 
  we 've had so many eu crises that i 've lost track of them . 
  all of them have become so big because nobody wanted to address them before the problems became so big we were left no other choice . 
  the way the eu works means that nothing really gets done unless everyone agrees , and building consensus is very hard when dealing with problems and issues where there 's a deep divide between member states . 
  ee do n't want any refugees and will fight against any sort of relocation mechanism . 
  germany and sweden does n't want to handle it alone and will push for relocation . 
  then we have a layer of unelected bureaucrats , the commision , that write the laws that get passed , a group of people who is getting more and more despised for every year . 
  either the eu reforms in a big way , by either federalizing or devolving powers back to nation states , or it dies . 
  could be because of your flair ? 
  this sub has become pretty intense when it comes to europe-turkey relations . 
   well , you could try creating a country . 
  i recommend granting svalbard independence . 
  we ca n't , the svalbard treaty is a very complicated document . 
  it makes svalbard norwegian-ish , but there are a lot of limits as to how we can run it . 
  we ca n't really tax it like we want , or regulate imigration to svalbard . 
  it 's a weird place in terms of sovereignty . 
  we do however have a lot of other small ice covered islands with bears and other predators . 
  i can recomend the bouvet island . 
  it 's cold and shitty . 
  when the rest of europe was scrambling for colonies in africa , asia and the americas we , for some unknown reason , decided to grab small shitty ice covered islands . 
   so , where do you see yourself in 12 months ?
