  hopefully eu wo n't end up running our already well functioning laws . 
  well , i live on a farm in the countryside and guns are needed in my day to day life . 
  scaring off wolves , pest control , hunting to keep game at sustainable levels and so on . 
  i do understand that people living in cities see little use for them , but i can assure that there are people who need them in their day to day lives . 
  hey , we have quite a lot of sami people . 
  they 're , understandably , quite pissed after we spent almost a century wiping out their language and culture by banning their language and forcefully kidnapping and adopting their children away to `` proper parents '' , ie ethnic norwegians . 
  we ended up giving them their own parlament where they debate reindeer quotas the whole damn year . 
  huh . 
  other countries ' parliaments confuse me . 
  in the british one they shout and heckle each other , in the ukrainian one they give each others flowers , lift them and then mob up on them . 
  in the norwegian one they only take passive aggressive potshots at each other , with an occasional kind of funny joke . 
  a police representative was asked how they would handle anyone making a run for the border . 
  she said that they would tackle situations like that when they arise , what ever that means . 
  norwegian politicians are rather two faced in this issue . 
  first of all , almost every single one of them say that we have to uphold everyone 's right to apply for asylum and that they should have their application processes in a fair manner . 
  at no point should we disrespect international convents . 
  at the same time they do everything to keep them from applying for asylum . 
  want to cross the norwegian-russian border ? 
  sorry , you need a schengen visa for that . 
  what 's that , you want to apply for asylum ? 
  sorry , you can only do that legally when on norwegian soil . 
  the same goes for ferries , you ca n't board them without a passport + schengen visa . 
   nothing is easy or free . 
  if you do n't intervene on the spot , refugees will flow to better places , and for most refugees germany , france , and the scandinavian countries are the wonderland and they will keep coming . 
  you ca n't expect to stay on in your comfy home do nothing and not get refugees . 
  i totaly agree , that 's why eu as a collective should intervene by establishing a safe zone . 
  that is however impossible given that there is no eu mandated miltiary forces . 
  great !, 
  it seems like the most sensible solution . 
  it has however proven to be hard to achieve , as it would require ground forces , and no one seems to be willing to deploy ground forces in the middle east , which is understandable given the previous attempts . 
  yes . 
  actually enforce outer schengen borders . 
  strong arm any countries reciving developmental aid into accepting their citizens . 
  massivly increase funding to unhcr in neighboring countries . 
  anyone caught trying to get into the eu is deported either home , or to refugee camps . 
  alternativly : create an actual eu army , and work with syrian authorities and other relevant factions to create a safe area within syria . 
  this is however a long term goal . 
  and yet , merkel wants to strike a deal with turkey . 
  turkey is not thrustworthy enough to be given military intelligence , even though they 're a nato partner . 
  at the same time , merkel wants to give erdogan 3 billion euros , visa free travel for turks , and the responsiblity of reducing the number of immigrants to europe . 
  what a joke . 
  presumably because they do n't want them back . 
  that should tell us something ... 
  hopefully by this time we have restored and strengthened border control to such a degree we wo n't have to count on turkey to stem the flow . 
  now we 're actually talking about supporting a ruler which is becoming more and more like a dictator with every day that passes . 
  well , atleast they 're building fences close to schengen borders , instead of in middle of the schengen area . 
  probably a bit of both . 
  some people became weary of immigration when they realized the costs . 
  others who have been opposed to immigration previously feel better about talking about it openly now . 
  they 're not really planning on taking 100k , but they fear that it might end up being close to that number in 2016 if the influx does n't die down . 
  that 's why they 're scrambling to reduce benefits and return those who are not entitled to asylum . 
  the prime minister even said on tv that if the situation in europe does n't improve , they 'll start denying claims since they should have applied in the other 6 + countries they have already travelled through . 
  guarding the ~ ~ hole ~ ~ whole border is as you say impossible . 
  luckily most of the border is rather hard to cross , due to terrain , and in a couple of weeks , snow . 
  the police will focus on public transport , such as trains and buses , as well as randomized check of cars . 
  this should hopefully pick up the majority of migrants trying to make it into norway , but some will of course slip through . 
   and now sweden is denying them residency ... so now what ? 
  by making this retroactive sweden 's in a right pickle . 
  they should just send 'em all to kaliningrad or st. pete . 
  i have no idea , and honestly ; that 's sweden 's problem . 
  we need to push for an eu wide solution to this mess , and it has to include better controll of the external borders . 
  prime minister solberg tonight announced that norway is instating border control as of 8.00 am tomorrow , in a direct response to the new swedish policy . 
  anyone coming from sweden will be sent back in accordance with dublin . 
  yeah , we 're talking about in excess of 200k a month . 
  sweden , which is almost as far away from greece you can get in europe is getting 40k a month . 
  the stream of refugees and migrants will keep on until the outer borders are fixed . 
   oh , you sound very angry . 
  you ca n't stop the millions of refugees coming to europe by the power of your raving thoughts , thankfully . 
  what did the refugees ever do to you ? 
  i 'm not angry . 
  i am a bit frustrated that you insinuate that i have n't read the article even when i have . 
  no , obviously i alone ca n't stop the refugees . 
  a hard limit and increased border control can . 
  the refugees have n't done anything to me , apart from showing the idiocy of the current refugee convention . 
  it 's not fair or right that a refugee can move through half a dusin of safe and democratic countries before applying for asylum at their place of wish . 
  i read the damn article . 
  this is not only about germany . 
  she knows that the current situation ca n't go on , certain countries such as germany and sweden have to carry almost all of the burden . 
  sweden is about to buckle , and something needs to be done . 
  permanent quotas combined with a hard upper limit and fixing europe 's leaking borders will solve most of the issues we see today . 
  do n't misread what i 'm saying , merkel is in many ways very responsible for the mess we have today , the number of migrants quadrupled since she gave her everyone is welcome speech . 
  the main , not all , reasons that countries are sceptical is that the previous relocation of 160k did not address the underlying issue of europe 's open borders . 
  it was also a question about economic cost , if eu can subsidize parts of the cost , this might sweeten the pill . 
  so , she 's going to force permanent quotas on the whole of eu ? 
  good luck forcing that upon eastern europe . 
  it would take a massive rework of rules and laws to make the system effective . 
  laws need to be harmonized when it comes to family reunion , economic incentives , freedom of movement , forced/assigned living areas and so on . 
  the idea itself is not that bad , provided that the number is sustainable , and the limit is a hard limit . 
  it would probably weed out most of the economic migrants , as they ca n't pick the country they end up in . 
  it would also make sure that not a couple of countries receive most of the burden . 
  the total number of eu refugees is probably going to be the most interesting , as well as the percentage each country is assigned . 
  they also need to reevaluate that percentage at preset intervals , to account for changes in economy and demographic of each country . 
  no wonder they feel ostracized . 
  their go-to reaction is `` it 's not islam '' or `` it has nothing to do with religion '' . 
  the fact that people yell `` god is great '' before they blow themselves up kind of goes against that . 
  if they want people to see muslims as peaceful and non-dangerous , they need to stand up when islamists attack . 
  instantly going into a defensive position is not helpful , and makes people feel that muslims might sympathize with the terrorists . 
  they 'll keep it at four out of five . 
  they have indications that the one they apprehended was only part of a larger network of terrorists , some of which may already be in sweden . 
  that 's the most straightforward way of explaining it :-),
