  even pro-brexiters were in favour of staying in the single market ( though the free movement admittedly remains contentious ) . 
  the eurozone , schengen , dublin rules , foreign policy are all increasingly divisive and have become untenable . 
  running ahead by creating an inner circle of european integration is unworkable . 
  institutional and political paralysis , also partly linked to the messy decision-making arrangements in the post-maastricht years , prevents such ideas from gaining momentum . 
  the same populist forces and lack of honest discussion that got donald trump elected are present and gaining traction in europe . 
  dismissing them , as most american newspapers did , is a grave mistake . 
  it will not only get populists elected , it can bring europe to its knees . 
  unless we look into the mirror , admit our hubris , and refocus european integration , the eu as we know it will soon be over . 
  perhaps we should start sending delegations of young , attractive eastern european women , he seems to fall for those . 
  have you looked at the austrian constitution ? 
  he and his buddies could pull a hitler a la weimar republic move if he wanted to . 
  i 'm not saying he will or should , but he could . 
  all his talk about `` reinterpreting the role of the president '' is not really a good sign . 
  i saw brexit and trump coming , but le pen seems far fetched . 
  i recon her only real chance is by toning down some of the rhetoric concerning migrants and muslims and instead promise and focus on a referendum on either the euro or the eu itself . 
  it 's probably her only chance to expand her voter base enough to win . 
  also , do n't forget about hofer in austria . 
  norwegian master race reporting in !, 
  half of the parking spots at my job are taken by teslas ... 
   everyone would 've campaigned fundamentally differently if the winner would 've been decided with that . 
  this . 
  i 'm getting tired of people saying that `` clinton is the real winner '' . 
  both parties played by the rules of the game , namely getting more than 270 electoral college votes . 
  now people are saying that clinton somehow won if you judge the game by different rules . 
  it 's like having a game of tennis and suddenly declaring that the loser won if the rules of handball had been applied . 
  trump is a shitty candidate , but he won according to the rules of the election . 
  clinton is almost equally shitty and she lost . 
  end of discussion . 
  i have no problem with people being mad at the electoral college system , it 's pretty weird , but you ca n't retroactively change the rules . 
  merkel is running out of friends with each passing election . 
  we want somewhere with snow , mountains and fjords !, 
  that 's gon na be a problem . 
  also this time , can we get another neighbor than sweden ? 
   it needed to be done years ago . 
  then we would not be in this mess . 
  the current state of the eu/ez summed up in two sentences . 
  [ yep yep yep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccri-vlgsna&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=40s ), 
   is this the new normal ? 
  yep . 
   it is completely unsustainable and can not continue indefinitely . 
  it certainly is . 
  it will continue until the political climate changes and forces the politicians to walk down a new path . 
  staying ahead of the curve is apparently not an option . 
  oh , silly you . 
   actually they did not even really try it . 
  the entire `` remain '' campaign was based around the bad things that could happen after a `` leave '' vote rather than the advantages of being in the eu . 
  yup , project fear was a total trainwreck . 
  it sounded like a cult trying to talk a member out of leaving the cult , speaking of the fire and brimstone that awaits once you leave . 
  wow . 
  we might actually end up with fillion vs le pen , or even macron vs le pen if the polling is off . 
  what carrot ? 
  it seems to me every time turkey reaches out to grab the carrot we give them a quick whip with the stick . 
  we 've led them along for decades now , and they 're getting tired of it . 
   do n't pretend the ( alt ) right is generally open for debate . 
  it 's not . 
  no , i agree , you ca n't debate with them . 
  you can however debate and engage with most of those who end up voting for trump and brexit . 
  it 's not like everyone in those categories are mindless , ultra far right people impervious to logical debate . 
  those are the people the left need to engage , but they 're failing miserably at it . 
  debate the actual issues without resolving to writing them off as the incoherent ramblings of racists and xenophobes would be a start . 
   this argument is next level annoying as people keep on repeating it like a mantra although it has no basis whatsoever . 
  people did n't vote for trump because dems accused them of being racist - that does n't make sense . 
  she did . 
  she called them a `` basket of deplorables '' , alluded to them hating women and being against hispanics . 
  it was a mix of saying stuff outright and alluding to the rest . 
  i 'm not saying that people voted for trump because they were accused of being racist , but it does alienate the part the electorate that 's worried about imigration . 
   it cares far too much for identity politics while barely mentioning the economical issues that affect the working and middle classes . 
  this a thousand times . 
  the immediate reaction to trump winning was to blame racism and a hate for clinton because she 's a woman . 
  i have no doubt those factors played a part , but the biggest factor is economics . 
  trump won the rust belt by promising to bring back work and increase the financial and economical security of the voters . 
  whether or not that is viable is an interesting question by itself . 
  it 's my firm belief that what we see in the west , both when it comes to trump , brexit and general euroskepticism has more to do about economics and the results of globalization than it has to do with racism and xenophobia . 
  this article has uncovered the left 's crucial flaw : a total inability to understand the problems they 're currently stuck in . 
  calling rightist stupid , xenophobic , homophobic and accusing them of cheating is exactly why moderate left parties are on a decline . 
  they 've already lost the economic argument by adopting capitalism and privatization . 
  they 've completely abandoned the class perspective and now everything revolves around identity politics . 
  if all they got out of brexit and trump is this , they 're in real trouble . 
  get a grip , we need a counterbalance to the rising right . 
  there is no doubt that putin will try to exploit the current political climate in the west . 
  eu is increasingly becoming fractured with its members bickering about several key aspects of the union . 
  trump has just been elected president and has a rather unclear position on article 5 . 
  if putin is ever going to make a move , it 's going to be pretty soon . 
  i do n't think or hope we 'll end up in an all-out war with russia , but they 've been playing cut-a-piece-of-the-salami game for quite a while now , without any major push back by the west with the exception of economic sanctions that only seem to cement putin 's accusations of the vengeful west . 
  i understand that people are frustrated , but stop acting like absolute shits !, 
  i hope our ambitions are slightly higher than to be like yougoslavia under tito . 
  the `` titos '' have a tendency to pass away at some point and the glue that binds us together is no more, 
  it certainly payed off for some . 
  trump and eurosceptics for one . 
  but the boots sure are cheap !, 
  i personally think the only way le pen could realistically win is if she goes up against sarkozy in the second round . 
  i ca n't see her winning against juppe . 
  so , in the next 6 months we risk a `` no '' in italy , possible leading to a new election that could put ms5 into government , hofer winning in austria and le pen winning in france . 
  i hardly need to remind people that we 've already seen brexit and a trump presidency become reality . 
  this year has been crazy . 
  that would be interesting . 
  destructive yes , but also interesting . 
  kind of like experiencing a zombie apocalypse would be interesting , or a nuclear war or killing someone and try to get away with it . 
  i do n't wo n't to do either of it , but it would be interesting, 
  we 're gon na see a dollar/euro parity within the next 6 months if this keeps going .
