  they 're probably good planes , but we hardly need 52 of them . 
  what bothers me the most is the fact that american officials interfered during the bidding round and told us that we 'd be in trouble if we even considered the other options . 
  the f35 was not selected based on its merits and technical superiority , but due to american pressure . 
  because the 52 f35 you pressured us into buying are proving to be very expensive . 
  look at the wikileaked imf mails and what variuofakis has said happens behind the scenes . 
  greece either accepts the loans or has its banks closed and their economy implode . 
  new loans and austerity is not a long term solution . 
  massive amounts of debts have to be forgiven , but this is not politically feasible to germany . 
  schauble and merkel do n't want to end up having to explain to their electorate that the billions paid to greece wo n't be paid back . 
  hence the crippling austerity measures that the imf says are not going to work . 
  quickly , force them to accept even more loans to pay for the loans they ca n't afford in the first place !, 
  assange has a dead man 's switch which triggers if something happens to him . 
  wikileaks distributed more than 400 gbs of encrypted data some years back , all that 's needed are the encryption keys and hell breaks loose . 
  good . 
  it makes no sense to throw economic sanctions at russia while continuing to support a pipeline that will only cement european dependency on russian exported gas . 
  my hovercraft is full of eels, 
  i 'm by no means a russophile . 
  i do n't mind russia as a country , but i dislike putin and his foreign policy . 
  appeasement is not a good strategy when facing russia , nor is hillary 's extremely hawkish threats and saber rattling whenever she mentions russia . 
  no one wins if a conflict breaks out between russia and us , especially not europe which would probably be the battlefield . 
  we need a balanced approach when dealing with russia , one which punishes them whenever they attack their neighbors but not one that can potentially lead us to an armed showoff . 
  norway and russia/ussr has had a pretty good relationship the last 100 years , it has been very strained at times , but we still managed to keep relations good even when the cold war was at its hottest . 
  the relationship has yet again gotten very strained , due to nato-russian tensions , the migrant flow over the norwegian-russian border , air space penetration by russian bombers and fighters and a very aggressive norwegian intelligence gathering along land and sea borders . 
  edit : bottom line is this . 
  we need a good relationship with russia , but not at all costs . 
  they 're actions must have consequences but i do n't believe that hillary 's aggressive talk is the right way to go . 
  we risk ending up with russian and american presidents that both use very aggressive rhetoric . 
  the way her voice and body language changed when she started talking about russia during to second debate was chilling . 
  she absolutely hates russia , and i 'm worried about her apparent preference of using military intervention to get her way . 
  good old juncker ; saying stuff that makes it sound like he despises democracy . 
  i 'm okay with that sort of personality . 
  a bit bland , but does n't mess stuff up . 
  i like eu-tusk . 
  he seems much more sensible than the other presidents . 
  it 's not the entire skiing team . 
  some athletes have asthma . 
  most of them were diagnosed before they even became professional skiers . 
  other developed it over time due to a combination of high intensity training and cold air . 
  every single skier has to have his or her treatment , medication and doses approved by doping agencies . 
  sundby 's doctor fucked up , misinterpreted the rules and administered a dose way over allowed limits . 
   still raises questions : how did the doctor not notice a [ huge sign saying ` doping ' on the cream ] ( https://twitter.com/mrasmussen1974/status/786506246664753152 ) ? 
  good question . 
  the doctor in question resigned immediately once the results came in . 
   how much cream did she use on her lips for it to show in such amounts in her blood ? 
  my understanding is that the levels themselves are n't that high . 
  the test is very sensitive to not only catch people doping , but also after they 've used banned substances . 
   how do the norwegian doctors make so many mistakes in such a short time , first giving asthma meds to skiers without asthma and now giving steroid cream to johaug ? 
  i do n't know . 
  every skier , with the exception of sundby , used medicines legally . 
  their doses and treatment was approved by doping agencies . 
   why do these explanations arise , not when they 're noticed but whenever norwegian skiers are caught in the tests ? 
  the doctors act in good conscience , and the athletes follow their advice and are hardly to be blamed for following medical advice . 
  we should probably look into disclosing every drug/medicine prescribed to an athlete , regardless of whether or not they 're banned or controlled . 
   it 's a real shame if this was an accident . 
  the rulebook still says that even if there 's a good explanation given , it 's 2 years ban at minimum . 
  johaug seemed gutted . 
  she says she followed the advice of the team doctor and that she had no reason to doubt the advice given . 
  tldr : her lips got badly sunburned while training in italy and her doctor have her a cream to treat the sunburn . 
  turns out the cream contains small amounts of a compound known to increase performance in physical sports . 
  the level detected in her blood is too small to cause any real performance enhancing effects , but the level exceeds allowed baselines . 
  europe 's very own donald trump . 
  at least he 's well spoken , qualified and more fun . 
  do n't worry , they 'll do a small inconsequential tweak , say that everything is good and have them vote again . 
  no problemo , the commission is an expert at making small changes that can be passed off as something completely new . 
  so , gdp per capita of the eurzone has actually fallen the last 10 years relative to the non-euro countries . 
  great job !, 
  edit : also , the gdp for norway looks pretty shit , but the devaluation of the nok due to fall in the oil prices execrates the movements . 
  edit2 : people , i can read . 
  i know that eu-28 is the baseline ( eu-28 = 100 index ), 
   `` zones urbaines sensibles '' ( sensitive urban areas ) looks like someone has been using 1984 as a manual . 
  of course , deutsche bank is rotten to the core . 
  they 're exposed to a huge amount of derivatives , and it 's extremely hard to untangle the mess . 
  papers have been merged , sold on , shorted and changed hands so many times its hard to figure out the total value and what other banks are on the hook . 
  edit : it should also come as no surprise to see the german banks are given preferential treatment while spanish banks are not . 
  the ecb is supposed to be an autonomous body , but germany keeps putting pressure on it to act in german national interest . 
  the fine given to deutshe bank should be seen in connection with the fine apple was given by the commision . 
  it seems were entering a tit-for-that fine war right now . 
  got it , people in both camps suck . 
  new ukip perhaps :-) my comment was more about his diassapointed with the lack of english breakfast in froggy land . 
  even beauracrats have to feed their families . 
  well , when you 're busy criticizing the so-called gravy train , you might as well get some for yourself . 
  sounds like a true ukiper . 
  not really that surprising . 
  clinton has vowed to be very hard on russia , even comparing a cyber attack to an actual military attack whereas trump 's approach has underlined the need for the us and russia to have good relations , especially when it comes to fighting terrorism . 
  trump 's approach might seem a bit naive , but geopoliticaly we 'd all be better off if the us and russia had a stable and good relationship , not necessarily at all costs . 
  fuck the eu , mostly . 
  partly , the latter is overseen by the standing committee on non-commerical artificially buoyant sea or lake faring woodfired steam spas . 
  but does it pass eu regulations ? 
  [ polls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_constitutional_referendum,_2016#opinion_polls ) show that a no vote on the referendum is a real possibility . 
  i might not be totally up to date , but i believe renzi has gone back on his comments that he will step down if he looses the referendum after seeing how it turned into a vote of no-confidence in the government . 
  that being said , he 'll probably go the way of cameron if no is the end result . 
  huh , i 've never tried that . 
  i know what i 'll be doing this weekend !, 
  i 'm just saying that they 're just as bad as `` the others '' they constantly badmouth . 
  there 's indeed a [ tradition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karsk ) for mixing coffee and vodka in scandinavia and the nordic countries . 
  we have a simple recipe for mixing karsk . 
  place a coin in the bottom of a cup and add coffee until you ca n't see the coin anymore . 
  then add enough vodka to make it visible again . 
  that 's not fair , at least 90 % of the content in an average finish coffee cup is vodka !, 
  let 's put everyone on welfare and watch the gdp skyrocket !,
