  - trump shifts his focus towards china and north korea . 
  attempts are made at making china take a more proactive role by threatening to abandon the one-china policy . 
  - north korea tests more nuclear devices and completes a successful ballistic missile launch . 
  nk announces that they have the capability to strike the us . 
  trump responds by taking out vital nuclear infrastructure in nk with cruise missiles and bombers , leaving the option for nk to deescalate by making it obvious that it 's not an attempt at regime change . 
  - no nato enlargement happens . 
  - the eu deepens its military ties , though mostly symbolic in nature . 
  ### other : - the eu-turkey refugee agreement will hold , though few refugees will be sent back to turkey from greece . 
  no visa-free access is given due to it being an election year , but the eu will instead deepen the economic ties and offer turkey financial and economical carrots and a replacement for visa-free access . 
  they 're either really evil or really incompetent . 
  i do n't know what 's worse ... 
  yeah . 
  salami tactics seems to be the name of the game . 
  keep on cutting away piece by piece , hoping that no-one kicks up too much fuss . 
  luckily , next time around we have a pan-european [ gun owners lobby/intrest organization ] ( https://firearms-united.com/ ) . 
  fu managed to get most of the really shitty parts dismissed , for now . 
  the biggest tell for me was how they had the proposed text ready the same day as the attacks happened . 
  the bodies had n't even been buried before the commission came waving with a binder of new laws . 
  i 'm convinced they have filling cabinets already filled with new restrictive laws they can pull out the next time an attack happens , saying that the previous changes were too small , and that we `` must think of the children '' . 
  news flash eu commission : the reason why attacks keep happening even though you restrict the law for law-abiding citizens is because terrorists do n't care about the laws . 
  mark my words , this piece of shit legislation will pass , and the commission will beat its chest and say that this will deter the terrorits , but it wo n't . 
   remmember the time the eu `` banned '' incandescent lightbulbs ? 
  the `` ban '' is still in effect and so are incadescent lightbulbs , which can be bought in any bigger supermarket . 
  you ca n't really buy guns in the supermarket nowadays . 
  this eu ban will have an affect , but only for those of us who own and purchase guns legally . 
  my legally purchased and licensed rifle will become illegal if i insert my legally purchased magazines after a set date , yet i will receive no compensation . 
  not only that , i 'll lose all my other firearms as well . 
  that 's the same as having an eu wide law that bans you from ever owning light bulbs in the future if any old in-effective light bulb is found in your possession . 
  i love how the commision [ tries ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-4465_en.htm ) to make this directive look . 
   are the lawful activities of hunters and sport shooters under attack ? 
  no , and that was never the intention . 
  the measures proposed aim at enhancing the security of eu citizens and do by no means target law-abiding owners of legally owned firearms . 
  then why the fuck is this affecting law-abiding owners you idiots ? 
  i see nothing in the directive that will stop terrorists from shooting up another bar or night club . 
  this directive as a whole will only negatively affect law-abiding owners , yet the commission says the opposite . 
  it 's shit like this that makes people loose trust in the eu institutions . 
  it will pass . 
  the commission has signed off on it , as well as the council . 
  the parliament can outright refuse it by a majority vote , but that wo n't happen . 
  the parliament might get some small changes to it , but the major points will remain . 
  the commission is in fact pushing for the parliament to vote for the whole thing as a package and not allowing amendments to the text . 
  lovely to see that the commission has no respect for the only directly elected democratic eu body . 
  read the press release you dumb-wit . 
  your questions have been answered multiple times in this very thread , yet you seem to forget what you read literally two seconds after reading it . 
  tldr : the new gun laws ban high capacity magazines , and so-called `` dangerous semi-automatics '' , yet no impact study was carried out , and the commision has no fucking clue wheter or not it will deter terrorists ( it wo n't ) or how it will impact and reduce ( it will ) law-abiding citizens access to firearms . 
   they who ? 
  the commision is the main driver for the new proposed changes . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/news/parliament-slams-commissions-unworkable-gun-law-proposals ) article gives some background . 
   and how the fuck is that legislation in any way forced upon on the swiss by the eu ? 
  the firearms directive is also made mandatory for norway , as well as other non eu-countries , due to the schengen agreement . 
  edit : [ here you go ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-4465_en.htm ) a press release by the commision . 
  good for them . 
  i have no problems with law-abiding citizens getting a gun permit provided that the police see no reason to deny them . 
  i guess gove was right , i 've had it with these experts . 
  they do n't some to agree on anything . 
  damn you switzerland !, 
   maybe i 'm a coward but this to me says the eu has to defend the baltics alone . 
  say goodbye to the baltics then . 
  we barley have the airlift capacity to do anything useful . 
  france could prove useful with regards to their nukes , but we 're not gon na scorch the planet over the baltics . 
  i 'm pretty sure they want to leave everything that has `` europe '' in the name, 
  just get some eu wide economic sanctions going against those who wo n't take their nationals back , that should get the ball rolling . 
   bad news see !, 
  see !, 
  look at what the brexit vote did to the uk !, 
   good news well , they have n't left yet !, 
  cctv will not deter terrorists or stop them , they do n't care about being identified after the act and caught . 
  i expect it to have a moderating effect on other crimes , such as pickpockets and other small offences . 
  it 's sad to see that we 're all moving towards a society that increasingly focuses monitoring us all under the guise of safety, 
  well , in my hypothetical situation the two germans pursue different interests and do n't vote or work as a single entity . 
  it might bring some more even division of power among the big states , especially as the uk leaves, 
  i was just answering your question . 
  germany exports is sure to kill most of the national competition in the eastern states . 
  i wonder how the eu dynamics would change if you split germany in two separate entities . 
  consumers that do n't have to pay import tarifs and taxes . 
  this is not the baby i ordered and payed for !, 
  that username . 
  the main problem is that it creates self-reinforcing tendencies where districts with a poor population provides poor education , which leads to poor prospects for those who go there , who in turn end up in professions with lower wage , thus provides less in tax income . 
  the cycle continues and communities remain poor in human and financial resources . 
  let 's be fair : they claim it to be a dream , not reality . 
  nope . 
  as far as i know no nordic nation practises jus soli , but the child gets the nationality of its parents . 
   again you 're blaming the eu ( rather ecthr in this case ) for things they can not control . 
  the law is the law , if the nation states want to change it that is their prerogative . 
  i think it 's totally fair for blaming the eu and its judiciary branches for forcing italy to end a policy that actually worked and adopt a new policy that is making the problem worse . 
  italy lobbying to have the law changed wo n't help by itself if italy ca n't convince enough other countries , thus the power and blame for the end of the pushback lies with eu and its judiciary and legislative bodies . 
  well , the eu and especially merkel did at first bad mouth orban and co for their approach to the problems , only to adopt most of them later . 
  the eu was not the problem , and is not the solution either . 
  had the eu actually let italy continue with its pushback policy this mess never would 've spiralled out of control to begin with . 
  fair enough . 
  the refugees coming now wo n't become terrorists but their children and grandchildren might turn into terrorists . 
  how the fuck is that any better ? 
  and how would the crisis have been handled better if the eu had total supreme control of the borders ? 
  i fail to see how it would have turned out better . 
  they 'd probably do the same stuff the nations did , but wasting months on useless summits as they usually do . 
  no fence !, 
  register them all !, 
  no camps !, 
  let them move around . 
  no trains !,
