  look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum#standard_polling_on_eu_membership ) , every major polling company 's , expect opinium and tns , last polls before the actual vote indicated that remain would win , some by a very sizeable margin . 
  the few polls indicating a leave win showed very slim margins for leave . 
  it 's true that there were polls that showed leave in the lead , but it was not the major trend right before the actual vote . 
  yougov , comres and ipsos mori all indicated a win for remain , regardless of whether the polling was done by telephone or online . 
  granted , yougov got close ( 51-49 vs 48-52 ) , but they still got the end result wrong . 
  i theorize that the same thing may as well happen to trump vs clinton . 
  the margins in us elections are surprisingly close in terms of the popular vote , and polls that are few percentage points off in key states can turn it from a clinton landslide to a narrow trump win . 
  i still belive that the polls underestimate trump 's support , as he will attract people that usually do n't vote , making it difficult to predict the results based on previous voting patterns . 
  it may very well be that they 're ranked in order of the number of votes last election . 
  seems a bit silly . 
  npd won some seats with a pretty extreme program . 
  which gives the spd/cdu coalition a lead of 6 seats instead of the previously projected 4 . 
  as i said , i expect afd to do better than exit polls and `` normal '' polling indicated . 
  another thing that worries me is polling . 
  polling companies , understandably , weigh their numbers according to how people usually vote . 
  non-voters are given low/no weight when working with the raw numbers . 
  once a candidate/party/single issue comes along that succeeds in mobilizing non-voters , polls can be very wrong . 
  it seemed like there would be no brexit based on the aggregate polling data , yet a 4 % point gap in favor for brexit was the end result . 
  trump may appear to be behind in polling , but i think that come election time , he will do better than polling indicates . 
  perhaps not enough to win , but a few percentage points could very easily skew an election , especially when there are only two options given to voters . 
  i think it 's a fallacy to that all afd voters are loud and proud to vote afd . 
  there 's definitely a vocal minority making a lot of noise about the `` forbidden nature '' of afd 's politics , but i honestly believe that a large amount of afd 's voters are a bit ashamed that they feel like voting afd . 
  many of them may not sympathize with afd 's goals , but are more concerned about counteracting the policies of other parties . 
  spd will be the biggest winner if the greens fall under the 5 % hurdle . 
  that being said , some parties may very well be a few tens of percentage points away from winning an extra seat or losing a seat they 're projected to win , not enough to topple spd/cdu , but enough to make the victory even slimmer . 
  certainly seems like it based on exit polling . 
  there 's probably some stigma associated with saying that you voted for afd , so their numbers may very well improve somewhat as votes are counted . 
  gr\u00fcne falling under the 5 % hurdle will also shift some seats around , not enough to jeopardize the cdu/spd coalition , but it may very well make the margins even thinner . 
  that does not surprise me , afd is appealing to disenfranchised voters . 
  we saw the same tendencies with brexit , were people who usually do n't vote came out in large numbers . 
  i also believe we 'll see the same effect in the us presidential election . 
  and afd , which is largely seen as protest/anti-immigration party , won a fifth ( ! ), 
  of the votes in their first election . 
  all parties are loosing voters , and afd has been able to take 20 % of all voters . 
  say what you want , but it 's a blow to the established parties , and merkel 's politics . 
  even the cdu politicans in mekl-vor has spent the election period distancing themselves from her . 
  and yet we have idiots trying to implement the idea over and over again , even though we know how it turns out !, 
  the current anti-eu surge is interesting for everyone , regardless if they 're eu members or not . 
  the real question is whether or not the eu and national governments are able to counteract the movement . 
  we 've got several important election coming up the next years , and we can very well see several anti-eu parties assume office . 
  that is going to make it very difficult to run the eu , as it is centered around unanimous decision making . 
  sure , you have qmv , but it 's only going to strengthen the feeling of democratic deficiency . 
  a country leaving the eu has always been highly theoretical , now a country has voted to leave . 
  granted , the uk has yet to actually leave , but it changes the dynamics . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see whether or not this move is going to attract voters which usually wo n't vote le pen/fn, 
  well , i 'm not saying the conflict ( s ) in the former yugoslavia were small , but they were hardly europe-wide . 
  she 's so pragmatic that she has got no spine , whatsoever . 
  my father is actually named knut !, 
  he has never run a country , but a small business for 20 years , i 'm sure michael gove would commend his lack of expirence in the area . 
  edit : he 's also very charming . 
  here the other day the shopkeeper threw in two free ( ! ), 
  bananas when he turned his charm on . 
  just ship him to prospective trade partners , and i can guarantee success !, 
   the only problem is , from the neolithic migrations to the maori-moriori situation of the nineteenth century , in almost all cases it has ended in war and genocide . 
  what fun , greater europe has n't had any fun genocides since the 40s / s, 
  let 's create the north sea alliance , consisting of uk , norway and iceland . 
  it 's going to be a bit lopsided when it comes to economic and political power , but we can probably work something out . 
  the butthurt in this sub is going to be amazing if may manages to make a success out of brexit . 
  imagine a situation where eu growth slips to negative and uk keeps powering ahead . 
  and now [ this ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2016/09/01/unhcr-turkish-failed-coup-stalls-eu-turkey-pact/ ) has become a problem instead . 
  deportations have stopped completely . 
   quotas are dead in the water , the current trend is to make turkey style deals and probably more than one of those are in the works with north african states . 
  how much political capital and time did merkel and co spend on something that was dead well before arrival ? 
  it 's beyond me why they even kept pushing it so far that it was accepted by a qmv . 
   the australian solution requires an island ( find a state willing to give one away lol ) , looser human rights , willing countries to take in the refugees even if they are confirmed as such which would mean quotas . 
  closed outer borders it is then . 
   did i mention australia has to deal with 1/8 of the yearly refugees eu had ? 
  we also had low arrival numbers for years , but we were far too slow to act . 
  australia acted in time , we did n't . 
  and how many have actually been returned ? 
  last time i read an article on it the process had stopped completely as appeals were clogging the greek asylum courts . 
  well , something other than trying to relocate migrants through mandatory quotas . 
  it 's not doable , it 's extremely unpopular in the east and it 's pointless as long as the outer borders are leaking . 
  we either have to choke down on the influx through enforcing our borders , or implement a australia style solution with offshore holding camps . 
  edit : a eu wide deportation service would be great . 
  currently a lot of countries struggle to repatriate rejected asylum seekers , and they 've got little to no leverage over the `` recipient '' country . 
  an eu run deportation service would probably be much better at actually enforcing deportations as they can exert larger political and economical pressure . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure the eu has spent the time the turkey deal bought to put in place a permanent solution to the issues we 're seeing !, 
  really , i though scha\u00fcble had made it clear that he does n't want to . 
  there have also been concerns about his health . 
  i guess he 's a viable candidate if merkel chooses not to run for another term , but there 's no way he 's going to launch a counter candidacy . 
  all in all , i 'm struggling to see merkel not running for another term . 
  there are two local elections coming up , and if afd performs really strong , it might put more pressure on her to enact policy changes . 
  speaking realistically , who could replace her ? 
  gabriel is probably not viable , and i ca n't see a contender within cdu . 
  seehofer has too little appeal outside bavaria . 
  i also find le pen unlikely to win , but i think her chances are better than ever . 
  the political climate in europe has turned into something the le pen can feed upon , and we 're already seeing other french politicians , especially sako , move towards her positions on several core issues . 
  this may very well be election talk , but time will tell . 
  they 're doing very well in the polls , and especially if the proposed electoral reforms passes the referendum . 
  it would be very ironic for renzi to win the referendum , only to have to hand over the keys to grillo profiting from the new system . 
  what twat bob geldoff has turned into . 
  good luck with that , especially with the upcoming elections in europe . 
  i take it that sarkozy has a different approach to the eu project than hollande ? 
  and if le pen wins ? 
  then merkel 's plans are pretty much dead . 
  a win by the five star movement in italy in 2018 would also complicate matters . 
  merkel 's plan hinges on a lot of outside factors she ca n't control . 
   i agree with most of what you are saying , but there 's also no denying that simply leaving the eu or completely dismantling the eu will not be without severe ( temporary ) damage to our economies . 
  furthermore it 's not easy to change something so fundamental overnight , it takes time and the consent of 27 ( +1 ish ) member states .
