  word of wisdom ; do n't expect russia to stick to agreements . 
  most members are neo-nazis and right wing extremists . 
  they 're just as bad as the sharia patrols germany saw for a while in certain areas . 
  it surely wo n't replace oil money completely , but you 'll be surprised over the amount of fish we export to asia , russia and the us . 
  norway ranks very well in food safety and perceived quality . 
  short answer ; because we do n't have to , yet . 
  we 're currently working on diversifying our economy and encourage start ups , but it has n't worked out that well yet . 
  that being said , we 're throwing money at the fishing industry , hoping it will turn into the `` new oil '', 
  - sincerely , norway . 
  ok , let 's get it over with and close the external borders , it 's essentially where we 're heading right now with the domino effect taking place . 
  ah , yes . 
  everything is working out . 
  i see no other way out of this than starting to enforce actual border protection , or just outright stop giving asylum . 
  good luck forcing a permanent relocation scheme on eastern europe after the whole cologne thing . 
  there 's not surprise that the right is growing given the absolute shit fest left leaning parties have caused in europe over the last few years . 
  the handling of the refugee crisis is only the icing on the cake . 
  oh , great even more ... 
  so , is merkel going to talk about even stricter rules now ? 
  yeah , resource depletion is going to become a big deal . 
  that being said , the fertility rate will drop in those countries , as they see an increase in the standard of living . 
  no , the area is hardly lost . 
  it 's immigrant heavy , yes , but it 's by no means a no go zone , for police or ordinary citizens . 
  they even have the gay pride parade walk through the area each year . 
  that 's what they want us to believe !, 
  well , it worked . 
  we went from 150 + applications a day to 0 the day they implemented the change . 
  well , they actually have to make a bit of a run for it . 
  the center line has a `` buffer zone '' of 10-15 meter which belongs to no country . 
  i imagine they might have a second line of officers to tackle anyone trying to make it through . 
  that being said , it 's no longer a concern . 
  not a single person has approached the border line without a schengen visa in the last 2-3 weeks . 
  the migrants now try the finish-russian border crossing instead . 
  police officers greet anyone wanting to pass the russian-norwegian border on the centerline . 
  anyone asking for asylum will not have their application reviewed and will be sent back , as they 're technically not on norwegian soil and are thus not able to file an asylum request . 
  in addition ; the border between norway and russia has been closed for anyone without a schengen visa , including asylum seekers . 
  edit : and norway has imposed a requirement to hold a valid passport to take ferries from sweden , denmark and germany to norway . 
  i never said that the eu is dead . 
  but the idea of schengen is that you trust and know those inside the schengen area , and let them pass without controlling them . 
  this is facilitated by sharing intelligence over the borders . 
  now we have 1 + million of people that have entered , many without papers and some with forged papers . 
  we have no to little information on who they are , and from where . 
  my point is that this undermines the whole idea behind schengen . 
  we 're already seeing fences being erected and border controlles reinstated . 
  schengen is currently de facto dead . 
  eu needs to get two things done ; 1 - secure the outer borders . 
  2 - identify as many of those who have entered as possible . 
  deport those who have no right to stay . 
  let 's be honest , the schengen area is dead . 
  we 're getting flooded with thousands and thousands of people who we have no information on and that just dissappears . 
  i fear that what has happend this year will haunt us for years to come . 
  wait , we were the richest in 1938 ? 
  take that , germany !, 
  the problem is how the system is financed . 
  an average individual takes more out than they put in . 
  the next generation pays off the cost of the previous one . 
  it 's basically a giant ponzi scheme . 
  well , in some form it will . 
  that being said , the proposal did meet a lot of resistance when first presented . 
  it was refreshing to see that most of the questions from the mps were very critical , and they asked for clarifications , numbers and facts . 
  the representative defending the proposal made an absolute ass of himself , and was very defensive and tried to ridicule any attempt at poking holes in the proposed legislation . 
  he made statements that were obviously untrue , and mixed up the terminology , he even managed to equate 3 rounds with 31 cartridges . 
  he also claimed that the proposed changes would not affect law-abiding citizens , even though several mps pointed out that hundred of thousands of people would see their legally bought guns taken away . 
  they also criticized the fact the in 2008 legislation was passed that would address som of the core issues , but was never put into action . 
  i have high hopes that the proposed legislation will be changed to actually address the issue of some deactivated firearms being trivial to activate . 
  there seems to be quite a lobby push going on , both from hunters , gun owners as well as producers of guns , like the czech republic and austria . 
  edit : i urge those opposed to the proposed legislation to contact their representatives and tell them so . 
  sadly most people are rather oblivious on guns , and it 's important that they realize that this proposal wo n't prevent terrorism in the future , even though those pushing for the legislation say it will . 
  fn does best when voter turnout is low . 
  i do n't except them to win many provinces , but this might be in their favour . 
  voting fn is in many way a protest vote . 
  if the electorate feels that the other parties conspire to keep fn out of power , but still deliver shit politics , i expect fn to grow even more . 
  just look at sd in sweden , they grew greatly when they where squeezed out of any influence . 
  bj\u00f8rn\u00f8ya only hosts a meteorological station and an airstrip . 
  during winter time a skeleton crew of 10-20 people run the place . 
  svalbard has 2.5 k people living there , and basically every house is owned by companies located at svalbard , if you lose your job you have to leave . 
  i do n't think you can make a meaningful comparison of the crime rate at svalbard and bj\u00f8rn\u00f8ya to anywhere in the world . 
  mandatory gun ownership is enforced on svalbard and bj\u00f8rn\u00f8ya ( bear island ) . 
  that 's it . 
  no mainland territory has enforced gun ownership . 
  edit : nrk ( norway 's bbc ) made a short documentary on the northern defensive line . 
  it 's in norwegian , but google translate should work well for the text portion . 
  if russia comes knocking , we 'll fall quickly . 
  the whole norwegian military doctrine is centred around holding out for 48-72 hours in the case of a massive attack to give nato allies time to mobilize . 
  we 've even planned on loosing large portion of northern territories in case of an invasion . 
  all defensive lines are far into our territory . 
  the whole point of the eu is to harmonize rules across different countries . 
  they would probably accept a certain divergence , but we do n't really now the limit . 
  the eec agreement is pretty hazy when it comes to situations like these . 
  all i know is that we 've yet to veto directives that have been far more unpopular than any gun directive would be . 
  does n't matter , we 're in the eec . 
  that 's means that we have to implement every eu directive without getting a say when the european parliament votes on the proposed changes to relevant laws . 
  we could technically veto it , but we have no idea what happens if we do . 
  we 've never dared to veto a directive out of fear of what might happen . 
  i see it as my duty to take care of the land i own . 
  i do my best to keep pests down using targeted hunting and trapping . 
  i see no point in using poisons as it ends up harming other species . 
  i harvest the surplus of game animal , but always leave a healthy number . 
  i also hunt for the weakest and sickest individuals , i see no point in shooting the biggest and healthiest speciemens . 
  yeah , the gun control in norway works great . 
  we have one of the highest rates of gun ownership in the world , yet we have little gun related crime .
