  * triggering intensifies *, 
  ah , did n't know that they counted them like that . 
  this is going to be a minimal win no matter who wins . 
  376.623 , vdb at 60.7 , and hofer at 39.3 . 
  vdb has been trending down as the count increases . 
  not sure why . 
  edit : betting markets are giving hofer 60 % to win and vdb 40 % , it changes up and down as the count comes in . 
  edit2 : betting markets just moved , giving vdb the egde to win . 
  any website with the love count as it comes in ? 
  edit : found this : http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/, 
  i believe it 's like in a lot of other countries , the president holds quite wide powers granted by the constitution , but rarely exert them . 
  hofer has indicated that he wishes to use some of the powers granted to the presidency . 
  any general feeling of how this second round will play out ? 
  the polls from mid-may indicate that it will be pretty even , but the polling for round 1 was pretty for off for several of the candidates . 
  so , are there any new polls ? 
  the last i 've found is from 12th of may . 
  jesus , why does juncker act like some kind of walking pr disaster all the time ? 
   `` look !, 
  they do n't respect your democratic decision !, 
  bad eu !, 
  bad neighbors !, 
  vote for the fp\u00d6 ! '', 
  interesting how this would mirror the same sentiment that erdogan and putin feed on . 
  if pistol-packing presidential candidate norbert hofer triumphs in the run-off of the presidential election on sunday ( 22 may ) he will become the first democratically elected far-right head of state in western europe since the second world war . 
  despite the shudders such a spectre prompts for many in austria and throughout the european union , hofer , a member of the populist freedom party ( fpo ) and a fierce critic of austria 's refugee policy , is the odds-on favourite heading into the showdown against avuncular economics professor and former green party chairman alexander van der bellen . 
  in the first round on 24 april , hofer garnered 35 percent , van der bellen 21 . 
  the elderly , traditional candidates for the two ruling mainstream political parties , the centre-left social-democratic party ( spo ) and centre-right people 's party ( ovp ) , which had dominated austrian politics since the 1950s , barely managed between them to scrape together two-thirds of hofer 's tally.their poor performance starkly illustrated how rapidly and deeply austria 's political landscape has changed . 
  the mood had already begun to sour in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis amid an initially creeping belief that the two old-school political parties were responsible for economic stagnation underscored by a rising unemployment rate , financial malaise , and an erosion of austria 's traditionally high quality of life . 
  spo and ovp only just managed to pass the joint simple majority mark in 2013 national elections.near-constant bickering between the two ruling coalition partners fuelled the irritation . 
  the far-right freedom party began edging up in the polls . 
  then came the refugees last year , in their hundreds of thousands , along the balkan route , through austria.most of them continued on to germany , helped by the austrian federal railways -- run , until a couple of weeks ago , by austria 's brand-new chancellor christian kern , who was appointed leader on 18 may after werner faymann abruptly resigned amid the political turmoil unleashed by round one of the presidential vote . 
  but 90,000 people opted to apply for asylum in austria , whose population is just 8.5 million . 
  the freedom party pounced , warning in apocalyptic terms of chaos , the disintegration of the austrian state and the drowning of its cultural and religious identity under a huge wave of foreign arrivals . 
  values , law and order a swing to the political right by the ruling social democrats and an uneasy eu-turkey deal to stem the flow of migrants failed to undo the damage caused by the storm . 
  freedom party support soared , whipped up by the carefully-crafted populist rhetoric of its leader , heinz-christian strache and compounded by a tabloid press seething with stories about exploding crime linked to foreigners . 
  if a parliamentary election were held tomorrow , the freedom party would in all likelihood win . 
  polls have it in pole position nationally , at well over 30 percent . 
  into the maelstrom jumped presidential candidate hofer , until now a deputy president of the austrian parliament , but whose cherubic demeanour and measured rhetoric belie his unshakeable far-right field beliefs , as expressed in his anti-immigration emphasis on austrian values , law and order and eu scepticism . 
  `` you will be surprised at all the things that will be possible '' when i am president , hofer said in a recent tv debate . 
  one of the things he could do , under constitutional powers never used by previous presidents , is make good on his threat to dismiss the government if he believes it is not acting in austria 's interest . 
  that would spark early elections that would almost certainly be won by the freedom party , which could then partner with one of the battered mainstream parties to rule the country . 
  from there , critics warn , it would be but a small step towards the kind of democratic erosion apparent in hungary and poland . 
  alarm bells even if the current coalition completes its mandate , hofer would still be president after national elections in 2018 , and if , as expected , the freedom party were to win then too , the party 's near-total hold on power - though delayed - would still materialise . 
  while a hofer victory is not certain , alarm bells are already ringing at home and abroad hans rauscher , a columnist at the der standard newspaper , has described the danger of a `` presidential putsch '' and the `` orbanisation '' of austria by reference to hungary 's right-wing leader viktor orban . 
  vienna 's powerful social-democratic mayor michael haeupl accused hofer of `` bluntly marching in the direction of presidential dictatorship '' . 
  `` there exists the possibility that the country could fundamentally and dramatically change , '' josef kalina , a former spo mp who still provides the party with pr advice , told euobserver . 
  `` that is the danger when you elect as president someone from a very pronounced right-wing populist protest party . '' `` that would be comparable to a takeover by marine le pen and the front national as president in france ... [ or ] geert wilders as the head of a government with a parliamentary majority in the netherlands , '' kalina said of the consequences of a far-right president-chancellor combination . 
  no hungary or poland ? 
  freedom party spokesperson martin glier said that any suggestion hofer would be an authoritarian president was `` nonsense '' . 
  `` he will be a president for austrians , not just of austria , who will defend the interests of austrians vis a vis a government that has not done so for a long time , '' he told euobserver . 
  but he added that this would be in the form of a `` control function that until now has not been known like that '' . 
  as for hofer 's approach to the eu ? 
  it should re-adopt the `` values of a charles de gaulle '' , and move away from any vision of a `` brussels central state '' . 
  asked if a future freedom party chancellor emerging from national elections might , together with a far-right president , threaten austrian democracy glier said : `` not at all . '' would it create another hungary or poland ? 
  `` not at all '' . 
  but that does not that mean austrians and the eu have nothing to worry about if hofer becomes president , glier said . 
  junker is n't really known for keeping controversial opinions to himself , even if it 's obvious that they 'll do more harm than good . 
  the proposed changes will not make new terrorist acts impossible or less likely . 
  the proposed changes will only affect law-abiding citizens who partake in sport shooting , hunting and shooting competitions . 
  huh , we 're actually doing pretty well . 
  i 'd still like to see it be even closer to replacement levels . 
  what 's the cause of the slowdown ? 
  failing exports ? 
  dropping domestic demand ? 
  tell the commission that . 
  greece , brace for impact !, 
  i find it unacceptable that weapons can be `` deactivated '' , sold as such without license and a paper trail and then later turned into working weapons . 
  sounds like libe did a pretty good job . 
  they rejected proposed changes that would decimate sport shooters across the eu , without being able to show an increase in safety . 
  the rapporteur , bodil valero , did a really poor job on her report , and there 's no wonder why she got shot down . 
  i 'd like to point out that the rapporteur has been extremely anti-gun previously , and it 's no wonder that she proposed changes that would only serve to disarm law-abiding citizens , without having an effect on terrorism . 
  i 'd however like to see common procedures for deactivating weapons across the eu . 
  in some member states the deactivation of firearms can relatively easy be reversed . 
  if a gun has been registered as deactivated , it should be impossible to revert it to working order . 
  some of the guns used in the paris and brussels attacks where indeed thought to have been deactivated and sold legally , and then reverted to working order . 
  the fact that large parts of stockholm are being taken over by gangs of migrants is a local crime story . 
  in other news , a barrel of parmesan has been stolen from an italian village , more at eight !, 
  so , the `` concessions '' cameron got is the best thing eu could do under the threat of an imminent break up ? 
  he returned with the political equivalent of a half eaten snickers and two buttons in non-matching colors . 
  and that 's why i believe that the eu will do everything in its power to draw out negations and give uk the shitiest deal they possible can . 
  the eu will try to make an example of the uk if you guys vote to leave . 
  and the most likley result of the next election is an even grander coalition , still without afd . 
  damn those pesky politicians , listening to the people who elected them in the first place !, 
  i 'm surprised junker has n't tried to ban referendums yet . 
  eu just keeps spoiling things for the rest of us ... 
  you made it sound like it evened out :  eaning your provider will make its money back with people visiting norway . 
  when it most certainly does not . 
  they make some money back , but not enough to cover the roaming costs of norwegians on holiday . 
   yes you norwegian provider maybe has to pay the german telekom a fee if your using your mobile data in germany . 
  but that also goes the other way round . 
  meaning your provider will make its money back with people visiting norway . 
  there 's no guarantee it will be a null-sum situation where a provider pays the exact amount in roaming charges as they get payed back . 
  i can assure you that norwegian cell phone users use more data in europe than european on holiday use here , just look at the financial results for roaming for big providers such as telenor . 
   what are you on about ? 
  they ca n't increase price if you have a contract . 
  yes they can when it 's a monthly contract , with provisions within the terms of service that they can change the prices if they inform you of it a while before the change happens ( 2-3 months is the industry standards ) . 
  all cellphone operators in norway use the same tos , unless you sign up for 1-year long contracts . 
   and if you do n't then it must just be your operator . 
  go get a plan from another operator . 
  as i said , almost all other operators at that price point have already hiked their prices , and the rest are soon to follow .
