  turns out the commission was able to table the proposed changes almost instantly after the attacks because the had already written the texts , the were just waiting for the right opportunity . 
  there is no doubt that they 've already stuffed drawers full of other restrictions on guns and when a new attack happens they can just fetch them out of the drawers . 
  the logic extension of the new gun rules would be to restrict high capacity vans . 
  assault trucks and such / s, 
   having a central arms cache at the `` clubs '' is too far fetched ? 
  and then russia takes out the caches and the milita is left with no weapons . 
  the whole point of having an armed population is to create redundancy and not rely on centralized structures . 
  we do n't even know , since the commission refused to wait for an impact study . 
  they floated the number 10,000 people killed by guns the last decade , though that number included gang-related crimes , suicides and crimes committed with illegal weapons . 
  the number of murders done with legally purchased and owned firearms is much lower , probably in the hundreds for the last decade . 
  so , they claim to stop terrorists using illegally purchased/stolen weapons by making it harder for law-abiding citizens to a acquire guns for hunting and sports shooting . 
  the fact that the commision flat out rejected the usual impact report shows that they had no factual backing for their claims and just wanted to exploit recent terrorist attacks to disarm the population . 
  a lot of research can be carried out by robots and rovers , there is not doubt about that , but if we have any aspirations of ever becoming a spices that is not bound by the planet we were born on , we need to develop technology to allow us to travel on longer journeys . 
  the research into medicine , biological processes and the effect of long term exposure to radiation and long term low-gravity environments can only be carried out by putting people into orbit , having them there for extended periods and then returning them to earth . 
  at present time only the russians have rockets designed for putting humans into orbit . 
  the americans are working on regaining that ability with the sls . 
  we need to ensure that also esa has that capability in the future , or europe will fall behind the russians and americans as we scramble for space bound resources . 
  great !, 
  i was really worried that they 'd get nothing out of the ixv test platform , which performed really well during testing . 
  i sure do hope that esa at some point also develop human launch certified rockets . 
  both the vega and ariane rocket families are very reliable , but are not rated for human space flight . 
  a human capable rocket combined with a ixv inspired lander would enable esa to launch humans into space and getting them back safely . 
  i hope you enjoy them . 
  i do n't intensely follow stratfor , but some of their pieces are really good , and they go beyond most of the stuff you read in media . 
  i 've got no idea why i 'm getting down voted though . 
  i 'm confident that the eu sanctions will be dropped in 2017 , especially if the us drops them . 
  japan , is as i 've already stated , more than willing to unfreeze their relationship with russia and will drop their sanctions as soon as it becomes `` socially acceptable '' . 
  2016 version 2.0 . 
  i ca n't wait to see what happens . 
  i saw trump and brexit comming , though le pen seems much more unlikely . ', 
  i hate to say it , but the western world reminds me a lot of the 1930s right now . 
   i 've been teaching german to a group of refugees for 6 months and this comes as no surprise . 
   [ ... ] i have not yet encountered anybody who did n't know that they had to learn the language and law of the land to get ahead . 
  this is basically the definition of selection bias, 
  how likely it is to pass the senate ? 
  rutte got nothing in terms of actual changes . 
  yep . 
  we 're totally different from the dirty swedish barbarians !, 
  the question then becomes , who blinks first ? 
  the eu or turkey ? 
  [ this article ] ( https://www.google.no/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahukewieiorzxfjqahxlecwkhfgkbw8qfggmmaa&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.stratfor.com%2fgeopolitical-diary%2frussia-and-japan-stand-brink-peace&amp;usg=afqjcnhfxhpc-wcafe5w-pxkq3a4bufvjq&amp;bvm=bv.142059868,d.bgg ) gives a good description of the current state of affairs between russia and japan , and japan especially is interested in dropping the sanctions so they can resolve territorial disputes and increase trading . 
  japan and russia were close to a deal , but then crimea and the sanctions happened and the talks were frozen . 
  edit [ this newer article ] ( https://www.google.no/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=6&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjurretxvjqahvedywkhywvbk0qfghcmau&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.stratfor.com%2fgeopolitical-diary%2frussia-and-japan-inch-closer-toward-reconciliation&amp;usg=afqjcngxru28l0hi7qv7hj6g-1hv4mnyza&amp;sig2=sjtwqltywv8kftmuj6_7oa ) is also relevant . 
  i guess the word widening is better . 
  keeping the sanctions up is going to get more and more difficult as trump will drop them and japan is seeking a closer relationship with russia . 
  in the end only an internally fragmented eu will remain, 
  and as predicted , the cracks over russia sanctions are starting to show . 
  which is understandable . 
  one of the great things with resettlement programs is that you get to handpick people and you can pick a number you 're comfortable with . 
  you can pre-plan and make sure there are enough housing , schools and so on . 
  when you see large numbers of non-resettlement asylum seekers flooding in and swamping the system , you got ta limit the total number of people . 
  the easiest way to do that is by stopping resettlement . 
  ideally all refugees coming into europe should be from resettlement programs , and only that . 
  much easier to manage , and you can have an actual democratic/parliamentary process where a acceptable number is defined . 
  as far as i can tell , 70 % of portugal 's exports go to europe , as in the continent . 
  it seems like at least 60 % of this is to euro-denominated countries . 
  italy exports 67 % to europe , and about 65-70 % goes to euro-denominated countries . 
  greece exports 60 % to europe , and about 65 % to euro-denominated countries . 
  it seems like there is some potential for an export upswing due to a weakened euro , but not a lot . 
  there will of course be dynamics at play where some countries start buying exports from euro-denominated exporters due to a weakening currency , but i do n't expect that to happen on a large scale for southern europe , at least not for the countries i look at . 
  the main problems of greece , italy and spain is the fact that they 're dependent on imports for domestic consumption and has exports that are very early in the value-chain ( as in raw materials or farming goods ) . 
  another major problem is the lack of competitiveness , being tied to a trans-national currency makes it impossible to devalue , and they need to do it by dropping wages . 
  the biggest winner on a lower euro is germany , by far . 
  provided that they have something to export to other non-euro countries . 
  it might actually hurt certain southern countries with low exports , as dollar-denominated imports become more expensive . 
  good old eu protectionism . 
  greece is about to fall of the financial cliff again my wall clock must be ... let me check ... yeah , still round . 
  the democratically elected government better not get any funny ideas regarding their ability to run their own country . 
  schauble disapproves ! . 
  not stop talking to them , but to permanently freeze all accession related activity until the situation in turkey has improved . 
  we still need to have discussion on a diplomatic level , about turkey 's current situation , but not about their prospects of joining the eu . 
   to take down hitler is easy . 
  to give him czechoslovakia takes guts . 
  not really , though it could have been . 
  turkey is moving in the wrong direction , in a big way . 
  we better show them the door now . 
  quickly , write all classified documents in windings , that ' sure to stump any foregin spy !, 
  the most worrying part is that the trend still exists , and in fact gets stronger for those that are born in denmark to migrant parents compared to their parents . 
  you 'd expect integration to work and the crime rates fall , not increase . 
  age , gender and socioeconomic status . 
  table 5.9-11 is also very interesting in the danish study , as the numbers are corrected for age , gender and socioeconomic status . 
  tdlr : non-western immigrants are much more likely to commit crimes , even after correcting for the previously mentioned variables , their children are even worse . 
   they were all lying , as the agreement is and was intended as a stepping stone to membership . 
  one of the reasons trust in national politicians and the eu is at an all time low . 
  they say one thing in public and something else behind closed doors, 
  kudos to rutte for actually trying to respect the referendum , kinda . 
  oh , that sort of leak !, 
  that 's pretty bad too . 
  i 'd still like to point out that frp has progressed massively over the last years , they went from being opposed to gay marriage to being pro-gay marriage over the period of 3-5 years . 
  there are still elements of the party , such as [ sylvi listhaug ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sylvi_listhaug ) , the most likely next leader once the current one resigns , who are against gay marriage . 
  the reason for this is that a lot of far-right parties in northern europe is a weird mix of libertarians that see islam as a threat to liberterianism and social conservatives how flat out do n't like migrants . 
  it 's very hard to compare the `` far-right '' parties of northern europe with those of the central europe and eastern europe , they 're all brought together by their skepticism to immigration , but that is basically where the similarities end . 
  frp in norway is pretty center-ish on social issues . 
  they 're not opposed to gay marriage or adoption by gay couples . 
  danish people 's party in denmark is also not opposed to gays marrying , though they leave it up to the curch to decide if they 'll allow such ceremonies . 
  the swedish democrats is more of a mixed bag in that sense , and seems to be torn between the liberal small-state fraction do n't - ban-anything-unless-you-have-to and the social conservative fraction . 
  my point is that there is no such thing as a collective far-right movement in europe , with the exception of immigration/islam . 
  the far right parties all want less immigration and less fundamental islam , but they 're very wildly spread in terms of social issues , some of them are pretty moderate in that sense . 
  edit : of course there 's more to social issues than just the marriage equality of gay couples , but it 's a pretty useful benchmark . 
  truth be told , a lot of the far-right parties we 're seeing across europe is pretty leftish apart from their stance on immigration .
