  remove us troops and you 've got a funding issue , you 'll see an increased german army , to the dismay of the german public . 
  the ee will feel that their future security guarantees will be worse than what they had under the us umbrella . 
  nothing ? 
  it has defacto become a protectorate of russia , and will over time be incorporated into russia itself . 
  if nato/eu/ukraine want it back , they have to do it by force . 
  edit : ca n't spell `` russia '' right . 
  i 'm sure german car makers can get around emission testing , they 've proven to be pretty good at it previously . 
  when some people insist on using eu and europe interchangeably , no wonder people get more confused . 
  well , at least the uv is n't too bad . 
  let 's be fair , it 's been going on for quite a while . 
  well , he did promise it during his campaigning , so it should n't come as a shock . 
  still , a sad day for the environment . 
  my money is on the [ 400 pound hacker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfvce4relay ), 
  they might add border controls yes , but the right to live and work within the nordics should not be affected . 
  each eu nation is still allowed to dictate what people from third party countries they award rights to . 
  people are apparently having problems understanding that freedom of movement within the nordic predates schengen and the eu itself . 
  it is currently and will in the future be guaranteed by the members of the nordic union . 
  dropping out of schengen , the eu or eea would not change the nordic union agreement ( s ) from the 50s and 60s . 
  the fom for nordic citizens inside the nordic would have nothing to do with the eu . 
  those rights are guaranteed by the nordic union and the passport-free travel agreement from the 50s . 
  those agreements are still in place and would remain in place after a norwegian exit out of eea/schengen . 
  the eu might as sweden to reinstate border control , though the nordic union would still guarantee freedom of movement within the nordic for nordic citizens . 
  i ca n't see any legal roadblocks for sweden , denmark and finland to still give norwegians access under the passport-agreement and vice-versa . 
  i 'm not saying they will drop out , but if they ever do , we can very quickly reactivate the currently dormant nordic union . 
  dropping out of eea or schengen will not change much in terms of fom within the nordics . 
  that will not be a problem , we had and continue to have our very own [ mini-schengen with freedom of movement since 1952/54 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_passport_union ) . 
   nordic citizens are generally treated like local citizens in all these countries , in particular for travel purposes . 
  for nordic citizens , no identity documentation is legally required to enter or reside in any nordic country . 
  [ ... ] and allows nordic citizens to enter , settle and work without requiring a passport or permits . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  as i 've said and written about many times before on this sub , the nordic countries were on a path towards a very close nordic union , before the eu got in the way . 
  if other nordic countries drop out or the eu disappears , i expect us to pick it up again . 
  it 's all there , a bit dormant perhaps , but the framework is ready to go if it ever comes to it . 
   one more question : why has anti-eu/eea sentiment soared in the last couple of years ? 
  i do n't really know if it has soared , it 's been a slow grind towards more eu/eea skepticism . 
  the reasons for which are many ; the apparent instability of the eu , we already have a strong economy so there 's a feel that `` we do n't need them '' , a series of unpopular eu mandated directives , our politicians increasingly saying `` we ca n't do that/we have to do that because of the eea agreement '' . 
  the fact that our national parliament is slowly making itself powerless and unable to govern the country due to an ever increasing amount of directives has become more apparent . 
  i think another major problem is the difference of political discourse between norwegian party politics and that on the european continent . 
  we have a pretty healthy debate , and most of the time our politicians stay serious , are down to earth , do n't throw too much shit around and ensures that even the small parties get some victories to brag about . 
  contrast that with juncker slapping people around , the apparent backstabbing and backroom dealing going on in the ep and the council , fancy dinner meetings where were little of consequence is actually decided on . 
  the fact that there has been several documentaries on how the norwegian oil and gas lobby operate in the eu has been an eyeopener , it does look a lot like institutionalized corruption with fancy dinners , you-scratch my back and i scratch ours and so on . 
  it just embodies what we refer to as `` unorsk '' , literally `` un-norwegian '' . 
  with norwegian eyes it looks like some sort of weird , very expensive , brutal circus by some sort of political nobility . 
   it concluded , after some talks with the norwegian foreign minister at the time , that it would n't be a suitable model because unlike the uk , norway was more dependant on eu trade ( he quoted something like 85 % for norway vs 45 % for the uk ) and that immigration and globalization were quite beneficial for the economy and that they are n't seen as contentious issues . 
  no-one is talking about stopping the trade with the eu . 
  we still want to sell our goods and buy theirs , we just do n't want to be part of the political aspect . 
  we did vote no to it twice , and having us slowly being sucked into it regardless is n't making the eea more popular . 
   wrt to sovereignity , it was something like `` the eu acquis is n't incompatible with our laws , so we trust it enough to accept most of it '' . 
  that has been changing slowly . 
  previously most of the eu directives were seen as good , they looked a lot like our current laws and did n't really stand out . 
  though over time the never-ending stream of weird regulations , not adapted to norway has created some issues . 
  for example the so-called `` tunnel directive '' which regulates , among other things , the maximum gradient of tunnels . 
  the limit might make sense in the relatively flat european countries , but make no sense in norway . 
  we 're forced to either dropped planned road projects or have them become much more expensive since we have to implement regulations not well-suited for our terrain . 
   what might have changed in the meantime ? 
  our politicians have been out of touch with the people for quite a while , even though most norwegians do n't want to join the eu , the majority of our elected representatives in the parliament are pro-eu ( somewhere between 70 and 80 % depending on the polling ) . 
  it has and is becoming increasingly difficult to defend the eea agreement as it grows in scope and the frictions increase . 
  it 's only a matter of time before one of two things happen ; the progress party or the centre party demands a referendum on the eea in order to enter government , or the internal opposition within the labor union and the labor party itself forces them to switch from `` yes '' to `` no '' on the eea . 
   are there any contingency plans about what norway 's trade/foreign policy would look like if it left the eea ? 
  we already have some agreements prior to eea that we can fall back to , though they need to be updated to more current standards . 
  currently the `` leave the eea '' lobby wants to negotiate new trade agreements or drop out to wto terms if it comes to that . 
  if we do decide to leave the eea , there 's no article 50 with a hard deadline , we can probably take our sweet time and work out some other deals before actually severing our ties to the eu . 
   are there any contingency plans about what norway 's trade/foreign policy would look like if it left the eea ? 
  that 's the current problem . 
  we 're stuck in a weird limbo ; not being part of the political project nor have a vote on regulations , yet we have to implement them . 
  sooner or later we 'll have to pick a full eu membership or drop the eea agreement . 
  the hope of the pro-eu side after loosing the second referendum was that after a decade or two in the eea , the public opinion would be more positive to an eu membership . 
  that has n't happened , no close to 70 % are opposed to an eu membership , compared to 52.2 % in 1994 and 53.5 in 1972 . 
  the organization `` no to the eu '' has produced a [ lengthy report ] ( http://www.neitileu.no/media/publikasjoner/arbeidsnotater/alternativer_til_eoes ) on alternatives to the eea , both in terms of exploiting possible legal loopholes/vetoing more directives , or just plain leaving . 
  they also proposed a `` lean eea '' , where we ask to opt out of certain aspects offering the eu either increased contribution or decreased market access in return . 
  even though the report was produced by an anti-eu organization , its authors included people outside of the organization , including experts on trade law , constitutional matters and international law . 
  the report has several chapters dedicated to a proposed way of dropping out , including how to handle it in terms of national and international law , a proposed timeline , negotiation goals and so on . 
  we said no to the eu twice , and then got eea without being asked . 
  st\u00f8re , the probable next pm , was responsible for negotiation on behalf of norway , back when we joined the eea . 
  now forces within his party/the labor unions want to rip it apart, 
  no surprise there , he 's already having problems quelling the forces within the labor movement that want to leave the eea , making sure the uk does n't get an early deal is important to him . 
  he 'll probably be prime minster , but that will not be on account of his own performance . 
  labor is [ polling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_parliamentary_election,_2017 ) within a couple of percentage points of their last , relatively poor , election performance . 
  and that 's with an abnormally high unemployment rate and economic slowdown due to falling oil prices . 
  he 's gon na be fully dependent on support from the centre party ( sp ) , which is the most outspoken anti-eea/schengen party in norway . 
  that being said , a lot of parties are very close to the 4 % hurdle , if two of the four `` support '' parties fall below , expect mandates to shift very rapidly from one block to another , this election may very well be won or lost by a 1-2 % percentage points margin among the smallest parties . 
  a small change might give one of the block an extra 10 + mandates . 
  of course not , people might vote no . 
  how about both sides stop trying to alienate each other . 
  security wise , europe would be the biggest looser if the us decides to pull out . 
  the fact that one part of the eu ( ep ) is trying to strike down a shitty commission proposal does not impress me . 
  no eu = no commision = no shitty eu wide proposal . 
  i 'll not give them any brownie points for that . 
  besides , we 'll still have to wait and see what passes in the end . 
  if germany and co wants the shitty legislation they 're free to implement it in a national fashion , and not try to force it down the throats of others . 
  thanks for removing some shit they were behind to begin with !, 
  it 's like asking me to thank a robber for deciding not to take all my money after all . 
  stop proposing asine regulations in the first place and i 'll be happy . 
  more eu creates problem , proppsed solution : more eu . 
  ca n't loose with a tactic like that . 
  the only thing that can save us from the eu is another part of the eu !, 
  what took them so fucking long . 
  finally . 
  surprise !, 
  the best humor .
