  we really do n't want other countries flying close to the russian airspace , as the russians are less than pleased with our activities already . 
  we 're already pissing them off with our [ new high tech spyship ] ( http://www.newsinenglish.no/2016/02/29/norway-ready-for-spying-of-its-own/ ) which we use to monitor their military exercises and track their submarines . 
  neither of them . 
  though hofer is a funny guy , carries a cane after a paraglider accident and is armed with a glock to protect himself from migrants . 
  yeah . 
  our politicians attitude to defence spending is scarily similar to what it was in the 1930s ... 
  the current government has recently made it more difficult to obtain asylum in norway , especially if you are an afghan national . 
  98 % of afghans between 18 and 39 are rejected and will be deported . 
  the tightening of the rules have earned our minister of migration and integration , [ sylvi listhaug ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sylvi_listhaug ) , the nickname `` minister of deportation '' . 
  the tightening of asylum policies has had a great effect on the number of migrants entering norway , as of october only 2804 people have applied for asylum in 2016 , compared to over 30000 last year . 
  current figures imply that about half of those 2800 people will have their claims rejected and deported . 
  to increase the rate of deportation , the police has been allocated money to perform 9000 deportations by the end of the year . 
  good news though !, 
  the us has forced the government into buying new surveillance planes under the threat that they 'd start doing the patrolling for us if we do n't pick up the slack . 
  too bad they just take that money away from other parts of the navy and army . 
  preparing deportations : - afghan asylum seekers fleeing from norway arrests of 73 afghans a couple of weeks ago has led to tremendous fear among afghans in norway and several have fled , according to the association of guardians . 
  - the situation is completely untenable , and not everyone understands what has happened . 
  police action spread fear and confusion , and many afghans are now underground , says ine johannessen association of guardians to dagbladet . 
  she says some flee to other european countries , while others go underground in norway . 
  verge association believes they are vulnerable and can end up in prostitution or forced labor . 
  list of 140 names police arrested 73 afghan men for immediate dispatch at reception centers across the country in action two weeks ago . 
  while 11 were released because the police immigration did not consider there was a risk to evade expulsion were 62 imprisoned in oslo district court . 
  many of the reasons for expulsion is that the men are older than they themselves have specified and that they are given an age over 18 years . 
  only five of the detainees had entered a date of birth before 1991 , writes dagbladet . 
  in connection with the campaign for two two weeks ago , the police have operated with a list of 140 names . 
  this has led to great fear among afghans in norway , says johannessen . 
  she fears that asylum seekers can end could end up in prostitution or forced labor . 
  une rejects error jostein loken in bar association told dagbladet that case shows system failures by immigration authorities . 
  loken has sued the state for the use of disputed age testing . 
  annette hallen une rejects that age testing is wrong . 
  - from our side we stand for the age assessments done , and believe it is right to regard these boys as adults , says halle told the newspaper . 
  the police allegedly planned dispatch of a large number of afghans today , saturday , monday and 12 december . 
  2016 has been a complete roller coaster politically , let 's hope it ends when the year rolls over , i ca n't deal with this for another year . 
  heads = hofer confirmed !, 
  next time they might as well flip a coin . 
  edit : i guess they technically messed up twice . 
  the first second-round was voided due to irregularities in the handling and counting of postal votes , and the second second-round was postponed when they discovered that the glue that holds the postal envelopes together did n't work as intended . 
  third time 's the charm i guess . 
  has the rhetoric from and about the candidates changed since the previous second round ? 
  or are they just saying the same things as they did the last time around . 
  they 're very close in the polls , the polls actually look a lot like they did when vdb won by 0.35 % . 
  any austrian want to give their impression of what 's going to happen ? 
  have the scare tactics against a hofer presidency worn out over the prolonged election period ? 
  the fact that you sent an known alcoholic who accepted our kind gifts of aquavit prior to the negotiations is on you . 
  interesting interview , juncker comes off better than he usually does . 
  i do n't personally think le pen will win , unless something drastic happens in france or europe before the election . 
  at the same time , there is definitely a wind of anti-establishment blowing over the western world right now . 
  people are tired of the results of globalism , including perceived uncontrolled immigration , the loss of manufacturing jobs . 
  this is combined with an ever decreasing trust in politicians as well as the media , combine this with high youth employment and the mix is just about right to propel le pen , hofer and other to victory . 
  knowing the italians both parties will switch sides once the winner is obvious / s, 
  i sadly think it 's too late for that , we strung them along for a long time , and they seem to be feed up with it . 
  the current state of turkey wo n't end when erdogan eventually steps down , he 's a symptom and not the cause . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i think the eu should focus on an eu-wide deportation agency instead of wasting time on increasing frontex , and agency that will still remain completely useless at curbing the inflow . 
  i 'm sure even v4 would agree to a deportation agency . 
  such an agency would be tasked with verifying and producing any documentation that is needed to repatriate someone , in addition to the actual repatriation itself . 
  we could really streamline the process and airplanes full of rejected migrants and send them back . 
  any country not full fulling its obligation to take back its own citizens should be sanctions via the eu . 
  such an agency would make deportations much easier and more effective . 
  a six month pause is too little . 
  ideally the accession talks should be frozen permanently , only the be reopened if the eu memberstates agree to it . 
  it 's clippy 's even more annoying cousin . 
  but , it 's our turn to control the three of us !, 
  we 've been under swedish or danish boots for more than 400 year , it 's not fair ... alternatively , they could just give us back jemtland, 
  it included denmark , sweden and norway at that time . 
  today those areas make up modern day denmark , sweden , norway , finland , greenland and iceland . 
  pretty big . 
  nah , the kalmar union is long gone . 
  though i 'd vote for us to reinstate it if the eu ever dissapers . 
  our royal houses are already pretty related to begin with , might as well do the old marry-a-relative thing . 
  i 'm sure they 'll apply pressure at the right spots to splinter them as much a possible , they 're all ready courting poland and they 'll try to use trump for what his worth . 
  let 's also not underestimate the uk 's considerable share of the eu budget . 
  germany will potentially face either having to pay more , or to give less to ee or reduce the farm subsidies . 
  this will either annoy ee or piss of french farmers . 
   i think the eu will rally a united front at a time of crisis . 
  there is too much to lose . 
  really ? 
  based on what ? 
  look at what happened with the refugee crisis . 
  there are members openly talking about ending the russian sanctions . 
  there 's also a great deal of disagreement and distrust within the euro zone . 
  the uk will try to widen the internal divisions and will probably succeed in doing so . 
  divide and conquer . 
  the uk is more likely to succeed in negotiations if they can break the unified eu front . 
  they 'll probably succeed too , the eu is already pretty fragmented and the upcoming elections can make the situation even worse, 
  you still have to seal the rest of the border to ensure people do n't slip in . 
  also sending people back once rejected has proven to be the hardest part . 
  we 're going to end up with something looking like the atlantic wall , but in the mediterranean . 
  and then they advance to the second round and beats pd by 5-6 points . 
  the round based system is going to hand power to ms5, 
  i agree , the current implementation is not viable long term . 
  knowing the eu and its members they 'll continue to drag their feet on the issue and kick the can further down the road each time it gets too close for comfort . 
  another financial meltdown is going to cause issues . 
  even the current interest rate hikes in the us is going to put pressure on the ez and ecb to weaken the euro and increase inflation . 
  yeah , we might end up with hofer + no in italy . 
  seems like a fitting end for this crazy year . 
  the chaos certainly would be entertaining , for like two days, 
  there 's an awful lot of neo-ottomanism going on now on turkey 's part . 
  we 're about to reach the end of the year , and no visa-free deal has been landed , it 's going to be interesting to see how that turns out . 
  sorry about that !,
