  some people are basically working 1/3 as a `` building permit stampers '' , a 1/3 as the office secretary and 1/3 as the municipality office cafeteria lady . 
  the new counties are somewhat awkward , and obviously a result of political compromise . 
  just look at number 9 ( viken ) . 
  they took a slight detour around the orange blob ( oslo , simultaneously a county and a municipality , ) in order to ensure that the new county is linked by a land bridge . 
  the proposal has yet to be formally voted on in the parliament , but the current government + support parties ( conservative , progress party + christian people 's party and left ) has reached an agreement . 
  these four parties together form a majority in the parliament . 
  new population is in the right column . 
  the name for the `` teve '' county has yet to be decided upon . 
  the current counties can be seen in this [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counties_of_norway ) [ norwegian language source ] ( https://www.nrk.no/ho/hedmark-og-oppland-blir-ett-fylke-1.13383439 ) for the new counties . 
  i 'll upvote bubbles every single time . 
  yeah , though their number was the result of statistical methodology and math , my number is more of an educated guess based on the current polling and the room i think le pen will have to move somewhat left if facing fillon . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.irsn.fr/en/newsroom/news/pages/20170213_detection-of-radioactive-iodine-at-trace-levels-in-europe-in-january-2017.aspx ) . 
  the reason why it took a while for the incident to be picked up by the media is because the norwegian authorities never did a press release . 
  the levels were so low that they did n't see the newsworthiness of the incident and it only became publicly known when other monitoring stations farther south picked up the iodine some time later . 
  it 's been more than a month since the iodine was first detected in norway ( second week of january ) and i ca n't see any news reports about other radioactive isotopes being detected in larger than usual amounts . 
  whatever caused the increase in iodine it was not a fissile explosion . 
  probably not , the satellite constellation designed to do surveillance on icbm launches and surface detonations should 've picked it up . 
  i 'm not sure how good the coverage is close to polar areas though . 
  that being said , there 's only one radioactive isotope detected in higher than usual levels , so it 's unlikely that the origin of the radioactive cloud is a nuclear weapon . 
  jokes on them , i only drink coffee . 
  you 're correct . 
  russia is always up to something , scheming . 
  russia , you up to something again ? 
  take that sweden, 
  mostly the first , juncker is a god damn pr disaster . 
  having juncker as the ship 's apparent captain is a bad idea at this point in time , with eu inserious problems . 
  he 's probably not a drunkard and does n't like to slap orban . 
  not very difficult to get someone who 's better at pr than juncker is . 
  * please be true please be true please be true *, 
  no , it 's just an overzealous auto correct . 
  macron ; if you want to knock out fillon , keep your mouth shut for the rest of the first round . 
  any chance that the left leaning candidates could join forces and field a single candidate among them ? 
  seems like the only way they 'll get to the second round . 
   wtf , le pen won ?!, 
  i liked hamon 's facebook page and everything . 
  the sample size was 1534 people , which gives a margin of error of about 2.5 % points . 
  le pen still behind , even when accounting for the margin of error , though bad polling methodology or wrong weighting in addition to the margin of error could get le pen really close to winning against fillon . 
  still , the trend leading up to the first and second round will be crucial , and can give us a good impression of the movement of the electorate . 
  if she goes into the second round vs fillon and the polls are 45-55 in fillon 's favor , i reckon she 's got a really good shot at winning . 
  i have a hard time seeing how people from the left are expected to turn out in droves to vote for the french equivalent of thatcher . 
  i do n't expect le pen to win , but i think her chances are somewhere around 30-35 % . 
  le pen has gained 2 points vs macron ( from 40-60 to 42-58 ) and 1 point against fillon ( from 43-57 to 44-56 ) . 
  macron and fillon are both at 20 % in the first round and le pen at 27 % . 
  beatings will continue until morale improves !, 
  he 's such a [ goofy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d0t_mmfr2c ) guy . 
  i 'll probably not vote for him , but he 's definitely one of the `` better '' of the populist we currently see in europe . 
  are you sure they 're not mexican ? 
  oh , thank god , they 're only trying to kill each other with explosives and not `` us '' . 
  sweden has never been safer ! \u2122, 
  you 've got areas where the police ca n't leave their patrol cars or else the cars get torched . 
  i 'd call that a no-go zone for law enforcement . 
  got ta watch out for those sneaky jews i tell ya / s, 
  turns out contracting your economy does n't lead to growth . 
  who would 've thought !, 
  yurope stronk , not pay for defense . 
  big bad american divide us . 
  have they hired orban 's people for this piece ? 
  that 's exactly my take on a second round of le pen vs fillon , a large portion of the left leading crowd simply wo n't bother to vote if those two things are the only option presented to them . 
  i do n't know if it will be enough to swing it in le pen 's favor , but for example a poll of 45-55 favoring fillon going into the second round vote would probably give le pen a good chance of actually winning . 
  a second round le pen vs fillon is definitely le pen 's best shot at presidency . 
  i still do n't think she 's gon na win , but i do think people are somewhat overestimating the amount of leftists that will bother to vote for corruption ridden , tatcher-loving fillon . 
  probably a good idea not to tax them , suddenly they 'll demand representation / s, 
  build an air wall !, 
  perhaps you could admire our new [ passports ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2014/nov/17/norway-new-passport-design ) while you wait . 
   question : if one country just keeps rejecting the deal , is there anyway the remainder nations can overrule one nation ? 
  [ apparently ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/trade-society/news/after-parliament-approval-final-ratification-could-still-put-ceta-in-legal-limbo/ ) the commision has no idea . 
  if someone rejects it , i 'm sure they 'll find a way around it . 
  the commision has gotten pretty good at finding loopholes to pass something once it has reached such a late stage . 
   one commission source said they did not know what would happen if one or more parliament voted not to ratify ceta . 
  trade experts admitted there could be legal limbo if one parliament rejects the deal , prompting uncertainties over whether the entire agreement could fall apart -- or if only the last measures that had n't yet been applied would remain on ice . 
  have you tried handling the australian ones ? 
  they feel like some weird plastic material . 
  coming from a country which has more or less stopped using cash for both small and big transactions , it boggles my mind that people drag around money to buy a car . 
  here in norway you go to a bank , and buy a signed `` check '' the amount of which the bank guarantees that the holder will be payed . 
  you give that to the seller and leave with you car . 
  the seller then cashes in the check-like document and can either be given the money in cash or by bank transfer . 
  the [ new ] ( http://l\u00e5ne.priv.no/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/nye-penger-875x1024.jpg ) norwegian ones are also weird . 
  as you can tell , we really like the sea , and fish , and boats . 
  anything maritime really . 
  we 're taking back constantinople !, 
  wait for me , got ta grab my viking helmet and axe . 
  because le pen is hated by the rest , mostly . 
  no , but would they turn out in great numbers to vote for fillon ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's gon na get much closer than when le pen senior made it to the second round . 
  still probably no win for le pen , but fn will have made great progress in less than two decades . 
  the danger is not the 2017 election , but the 2022 one . 
  if she goes up against fillon , then maybe . 
  probably not , but i think a lot of left leaning people will be hard-pressed to vote for tatcher-like fillon over le pen , many will probably just stay at home in such an event . 
  going up against fillon gives her a chance to appeal to leftist voters through her very left leaning and protectionist economic platform , it 's pretty similar to national socialism , if only look at the economic side of it . 
  but will the left leaning voters come out to vote for the french tatcher ( fillon ) in order to keep le pen out ? 
  probably some of them , but not all . 
  i think the polls somewhat overestimate fillion in a second round against le pen , especially if le pen keeps hammering on her left wing economic polices . 
  imagine fillon and le pen making it into the second round , she 'll have pretty good odds of actually winning . 
   it is not about buying back , but about returning to spain what belongs to us i 'm just pointing out that the current norwegian king is entitled to buy back orkney and shetland if he coughs up enough cash according to a deal from 15th century . 
  in other words , it belongs to us , was pawned in lieu of a dowry payment and can legally be brought back into the norwegian kingdom if we pay the dowry . 
  trying to enact that would be stupid , just as the current spanish line is utter stupidity . 
  if you want to enact 300 year old treaties , we 'd like to [ buy back ] ( http://www.historychannel.com.au/this-day-in-history/orkney-and-shetland-are-pawned-as-dowry/ ) orkney and shetland . 
  i wonder how the scots feel about that . 
   `` a deal that is applicable to the airport of gibraltar would imply recognition of the legal right of the uk to the territory . '' for fuck 's sake spain , let them go !,
