  gee , the russians are invading ? 
  better set a summit for march , next year . 
  oh , too long you say ? 
  what about a working lunch ? 
  having two partially overlapping systems at the same time is a recipe for disaster . 
  it 's like having two partly overlapping single markets with different players , partly different rules and regulations . 
  the idea is just plain stupid . 
  tell that to the politicians across the west ( - minus usa ) that have let our collective defenses sink to unprecedented lows . 
  they 've instead opted for using that money on social welfare in order to win votes . 
  now they 're suddenly all scrambling to increase spending and initiate a common european ( eu ) defensive policy . 
  there 's no need for such a thing . 
  just spend the recommended 2 % of gdp on defense and keep the us happy so that nato still fill its intended role . 
  because russia was n't really seen as a threat then . 
  we 're short-sighted you see . 
  you pay the bills to protect us , and we get to call you war-mongers and laugh at your lack of social safety nets . 
  because there 's no effective and safe way to transition from a currency union into a national currency . 
  people could just move their money denominated in euros to a foreign bank . 
  the cash in their wallets would still be legal tender in surrounding countries and so on . 
  going from one national currency to another is much simpler , you just declare that the old currency is no longer valid , force banks to convert any deposits to the new currency and say that any cash in the old currency can be exchanged for the new one at a set rate . 
  withdrawing from the euro will take time and careful planning , moving away from the common euro to something that is linked to the euro is the first step towards re-nationalizing the currency . 
  the processes of leaving the euro , in an orderly fashion , will take many years , we 're easily taking a decade . 
  you could also leave the euro immediately by declaration , but the economy would tank as money flows out to neighboring states . 
  the euro really should have something like the a50 for the eu , though i suspect they did n't want to write in such an exit clause because the hoped that the euro would permanently bind signatories into the ez and by extension the eu . 
   some people seem to get so worked up . 
  but people with german and eu flag flairs told me the uk would go up in a ball of fire and that the eu would rise to unimaginable heights finally freed from the ball and chain the uk represents . 
  funding is going to the major issue for the eu if the uk leaves and stops payments . 
  germany , france and the netherlands is probably not very willing to pick up the bill . 
  an eu-wide tax is a possibility , but it 's probably going to be politically difficult to pass one . 
  continued funding from to uk in return for ( limited ) single-market access sans fom for labor seems possible , though it does carry significant risk of other countries wanting to adopt such a model . 
  imo it seems like fom for labor is in need for some sort of rework , to give member states somewhat better control over the flow of people , or else the eu is going to keep fragmenting . 
  next you 're gon na tell me he likes garlic and cheese as well ? 
  and it should , the turkish economy is weak as it is . 
  now they 've got to deal with a massive loss of tourists , an increasingly authoritarian erdogan and debt denominated in a foreign currency which is bound to strengthen . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see what the fed hikes will do for the eurobonds , it might put some pressure on italy and co. 
   gay hehe , very french . 
  this gon na be fun , turkey has sizable loans denominated in us dollars . 
  not well . 
   my guess is the baltics . 
  if anyone needs assurances right now , it 's them . 
  sounds about right . 
  we ( norway ) are already [ housing ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/show-daily/modern-day-marine/2015/09/20/inside-us-marine-corps-prepositioning-program-norway/32511065/ ) a large amount of equipment pre-positioned in case of the us military ever needs quick access to it on european soil . 
  it 's probably intended to be used if russia ever comes knocking via out northern border . 
  well , i assume the cold waters would [ shrink ] ( https://youtu.be/8doarslv-hu?t=2m21s ) it , right ? 
  woot , a fucking bear man ?!, 
  i 've got ta see this . 
  that does n't really come as a big surprise . 
  fillion is very far to the right in terms of economics . 
  le pen is already trying to move left on economics , especially in terms of the euro and publicly employees , in an attempt to grab more left leaning voters . 
  her only real chance , imo , is against fillon . 
  good , the winter so far has been shit . 
  bring it on !, 
  oh no , india is suddenly covering our oilfields !, 
  fire missiles !, 
  edit : stupid autocorrect , i meant `` no '' and not `` now '' . 
  poor merkel , she 'd be in a right rut if le pen wins . 
  both sides should just agree that eu nationals that are in the uk gets to stay and the other way around , seems like the fairest and best way of approaching the problem for both sides . 
  the ep president does n't really matter much , so i do n't really care who it is , though i wish the process was more transparent . 
  the election of commission president is a bit more touchy . 
  ideally i 'd like it to be a bit more direct than it already . 
  though we 'd need to improve eu election turnouts , 40 % is way too low to claim democratic legitimacy . 
  well , truth be told , we know who 's going to be made prime minster if a coalition wins . 
  the king is not elected , and the title is inherited . 
  the president ( s ) of the parliament is elected by the newly elected parliament , according to well known rules and traditons , and the position carries little practical political power aside from moderating debates ( essentially looking at a red and green light to ensure no one exceed their allocated time ) . 
   speaking on sky news , mr corbyn said a wage cap would be `` somewhat higher '' than his salary of approximately # 138,000 , adding that the salaries some footballers receive are `` simply ridiculous '' . 
  funny how the socialists always target the rich ones , but making sure they exclude themselves from the definition . 
  solidarity through high taxes !, 
  just preferably not for myself . 
   hillary sure , she 's bad too , but in a different way . 
   trump he won at least , corbyn wo n't . 
  trump was n't pretending to be a politician and got away with a lot of stuff no other person in the race would have survived . 
  just one of trump 's manny idiotic statements , actions or past stories would have killed any other politician , yet he just powered on like nothing happened . 
  i have no idea how corbyn evolved into the cult like political movement , but he is hardly what his followers think he is . 
  of course corbyn will fuck this up , he always does . 
  i ca n't recall ever seeing another politician falling on his face repeadetly like corbyn does . 
  he seems to be a man of principles , i 'll give him that . 
  too bad his principles are n't very popular . 
   it would just be a personal success , and maybe a little bit of extra exposure . 
  and a fancy tittle , let 's not underestimate the value of that . 
  he also gets to shut off farage 's microphone , so that 's something . 
  but , he wanted power . 
  and it kind of was his turn , or something . 
  hey , turns out verhoftstad is a craggle-toothed power-hungry man after all . 
  probably a good idea , it did n't make sense to begin with . 
  i started thinking that verhofstadt was going to throw everything ideological aside to try to become ep president . 
  yeah i know . 
  we 've seen several cases where the government in norway is publicly for/opposed to something , only to lobby the for the opposite in secret hoping to blame the eu for something they 've not got balls to implement themselves . 
   [ ... ] or he will continue to be against international trade treaties when in italy but be in favour of them when in bruxelles ( also a serious possibility ) . 
  i hate this particular thing about how the eu functions in practice . 
  i can only blame the individual politicans , but saying one thing at home and another thing in the eu just poisons the whole institution . 
  perhaps you should offer something else but reharesed , meaningless soundbites such as `` brexit means brexit '' and `` the best possible deal for britain '' . 
   i , worried europe would declare war on america yeah , and the get stomped in a rather embarrassing fashion . 
  the us already has a large contingency of men and material here spread around the continent , we 'd be in trouble . 
  yeah , thus the term `` nuclear option '' . 
  i agree , the biggest loss for the uk will be loss of influence within the eu , on the other hand it does free their hands somewhat on the international stage as they 're gon na be less tied to whatever the eu 's line on a particular subject is . 
  my point was not the the uk is going to go to basement like levels for regulations , but the fact that they can threaten to do so . 
  such an action would be in no-ones interest , thus the uk and the eu will come to some sort of agreement that serves both parties . 
  an aweful lot of people on this sub thinks brexit is going to throw the uk back to the dark ages due to the eu hard balling them into a horrible deal . 
  that wo n't happen because of the implications for both parties . 
   so there isnt too much room for reducing gov. 
  spending .
