  give them transportation !, 
  i have no fucking clue how they supposed hungary was going to register all the migrants without limiting their movements . 
  no wonder why orban built the damn fence . 
  good luck , have fun !, 
  ps : the siege has been lifted and the rebels have been shipped out by buses . 
  i do n't expect to see any widespread fighting in aleppo , with the exception of some insurgency elements . 
  that 's not really what i meant for my post to imply , though i see that the way i worded it is rather clumsy !, 
  still , the failing banking sector in the eu has been obvious for quite a while , yet little is done to address the issues apart from demanding that banks get a bigger equity cushion . 
  they 're all alike , money sucking parasites !, 
  / s i guess he should have a look in the mirror himself . 
  but the euro is perfect and italian banks are solid / s i 've pointed at the problems with monte and deutsche bank for more than a year now , but i get down voted everytime i talk about the need of recapitalisation for a sizable share of italian banks . 
  huh . 
  i know that the abrahams is really picky fuel wise and that the engine sometimes must be preheated to start correctly . 
  interesting to know that the leopards are better that way . 
  you 're still gon na have issues supply wise . 
  tanks are really resource intensive and hard to move around without being spotted, 
  fair enough !, 
  i think the most likely thing they 'll do with them is to strip them bare on the inside , pack it witch explosives and use it as an extremely hardened svbied . 
  yeah . 
  they 're much more mobile and easy to both maintain and supply in terms of logistics . 
  tanks are n't very useful unless you 're fighting other armored vehicles or dug in positions . 
  both the rebels and isis have large stockpiles of anti-armor missiles and launchers to counter any syrian tanks . 
  they 'll probably not get much use out of the tanks . 
  tanks are very resource intensive , both in terms of maintenance and fuel , you ca n't just pour some diesel and petrol into them and expect them to run . 
  i guess they theoretically could remove the turret and mount that as a permanent defensive position , something like [ this ] ( http://i44.tinypic.com/ifbaqb.jpg ) . 
  they 'd still have issues with procuring ammo and such . 
  of course , spain is worried about its own secessionist regions pulling the same thing, 
  sorry about that . 
  i hope you guys find your way soon , cuz the current direction of erdogan is kind of scary . 
  almost hitleresque . 
  haha . 
  the whole scene looks like something you 'd expect to see in a north korean photo series . 
  is there a rocket in the first picture ? 
  next to the podium ? 
  lucky kid , he gets to play a tank and i had to be a god damn sheep in our christmas play . 
  that 's sure to change the mind of any prospective terrorists . 
  jesus , we 're fighting jihadists with songs and empty promises made by politicians . 
  oh yeah , the italian coast seems totally under control / s what happens if the route shifts ? 
  there is no mechanisms to halt the flows . 
  the impression of control is mearly an illusion caused by the fact that a third party has control over its borders . 
  this is all it would take . 
  fix the shity euro and the total loss of control of our borders . 
  i know . 
  it just seems like the politicians are forgetting that part . 
  they all talk so freely and nice about the liberal western democracies , where people can express themselves and be who they are without fear of judgment . 
  at the same time they have police knocking on the doors of people who are guilty of some ill-defined hate speech . 
  they say that we must n't forget our past , and the darkest hours of european history , yet they lead us down the same exact path . 
  well , people are carriers of ideas , cultures , values and norms . 
  some of which are highly relevant for the current jihadist attacks we 're seeing . 
  lovely , let 's start silencing the opposition . 
  that 's exactly the problem . 
  and imagine if they try start splitting it into pieces and voting on parts of the agreement . 
  jesus , that would be a clusterfuck . 
  i do n't see any other option but to let the government negotiate and sign the agreement once a50 has been invoked . 
  time 's too short for any other way . 
  disconnect you ? 
  they 're not gon na stop there . 
  look to the uk , where police shows up on your door to talk to you if you write anything hurtful on twitter . 
  we 've already got gestapo light in western europe . 
  they 're not gon na stop there . 
  and the old `` we will not allow terrorists to change our way of life ! '', 
  then promptly reduces everyone 's liberty . 
   thing is , where do you put your families ? 
  is it believed that a military opponent who needs quick results will do surgical strikes and tries to not kill civillians ? 
  paramilitary and guerrilla groups will blend in with the general population . 
  that 's what makes it so effective . 
  you ca n't stop them without wiping out the civilian population . 
   do you have vast secret bunkers where you can retreat and then the next day ride in on your snowmobile do disrupt an invaders supply lines ? 
  no bunkers for me , though i do have a basement . 
  distributing firearms to a large part of the population across a large geographical area removes the need of moving them about . 
  they 'll keep on living like civilians and take cheap opportunistic shots when they see an opening . 
  the point is not to defeat the enemy , but to keep it on its toes and always under pressure and harassment . 
  making opccupation expensive and spreading the enemy forces thin . 
  wiping out an army of 30k men is easy by destroying command structures and taking out strategic targets , fighting a population of 5 million where a large part is armed and you have no idea who is armed is hell . 
  edit : i ca n't spell . . 
  the faq section is hilarious , had it not been for the stupidity of the proposals  ( 7 ) are the lawful activities of hunters and sport shooters under attack ? 
  no , and that was never the intention . 
  the measures proposed aim at enhancing the security of eu citizens and do by no means target law-abiding owners of legally owned firearms . 
  yet , the new directive , naturally , only applies to law-abiding citizens . 
  terrorists and criminals do n't follow the laws and rules and are not affected . 
  so , because some poorly integrated muslim decide to shoot up people using illegally purchased , stolen and illegally trafficked weapons i , as a law-abiding citizen with every permit in order , have to give up my hobby . 
  suddenly my legally purchased guns and magazines will be made illegal , i have to hand them in and will not be paid compensation . 
  thanks eu , you 're really great !, 
  yeah . 
  that 's the point . 
  the commission had pre written texts and tabled them before the bodies were even buried . 
  they made use of the situation to press for measures they otherwise would not have been able to get implemented . 
  the commission even rejected the calls for an impact study , knowing that facts are not on their side . 
  and how will these changes stop the flow of illegal weapons from flowing into germany ? 
  it only applies for legally held weapons . 
  the only outcome from this directive is that law-abiding citizens will see their ability to hunt and practice their hobby diminished , while terrorist and criminals can keep operating as they used to . 
  i 'm not saying that i alone will take out an invading army . 
  whether you like it or not , guerrilla and militia warfare using an armed population under occupation can be very effective . 
  either as a long term harassment or simply to slow down invading forces . 
  you might not like the idea , but it 's very much a part of modern military tactics . 
  they certainly do . 
  that 's why taking guns out of private persons property will have little to no effect on terrorists access to arms . 
  the eu should only enforce standards for deactivation and storage for firearms ( both privately and for army depots ) , and leave the rest up to the member states . 
   they probably do n't care whether population is armed or not , they are just riding political hype train . 
  i do n't think so .
