  they just want to rip everything out of the uk if it contains the letters `` eur '' . 
  clearing of currency will naturally occur in big financial centers , and not necessarily in the country the currency is based in . 
  london is so big on currency clearing due to historical ties , a good and well known set of regulations and its shear size . 
  a bit of both . 
  fn now better aligns with the electorate than it did a decade ago . 
  it 's pretty impressive how far they 've been able to get in a relatively short amount of time . 
  it could still be herding , just that they followed the right one . 
  still , i expect le pen to get about 40 % , which is massive compared to what her father got . 
  really shows how she has transformed front national, 
  run greece through the juicer again and see if something more trickles out . 
  yeah , she seems willing to drop out without a deal if that 's what it takes . 
  alfakr\u00f8ll ( alfa-curl ( as in curly hair ) ), 
  his wiki page does n't mention any olympic medals ? 
  what about getting obama involved ? 
  stellar move that one . 
  so close . 
  it seems to me the the uk government is required by law to make this move and block any financial and long term commitments til after the election , so not out of spite . 
  the timing is bad , last minute roadblocks like this should not happen , but the timing is the only thing i see here which one can reasonably criticize . 
  well , they 're just adhering to the internal rules and regulations that control what and how the current uk government can agree to in the run up to an election , it does not appear to be out of spite . 
  it 's like watching a cult try to persuade a member not to leave . 
  there was pleading , warnings of fire and brimstone , `` you 're nothing without us , think about your future '' . 
  the outside is dangerous , you 're future is solely with us etc etc. 
  it 's gon na be a shit storm if he dies . 
  well , you 've always liked being the underdog , with its back to the wall . 
  may will win , and she will win big . 
  the question then becomes ; what does she do with a bigger majority were backbench uprisings are less problematic ? 
  hard brexit or a somewhat softer one ? 
  the next 5-10 years in the uk will revolve mainly around brexit and new trade deals , and it will sap both time an energy away from other important political decisions . 
  wait , so you 're saying these 27 countries have banded together in some sort of union to exert pressures on those outside to get better terms themselves . 
  weird . 
  calm the fuck down , balkans . 
  the european medicines agency ( ema ) will be stuck paying millions in rent for its london building long after the uk is likely to have left the eu . 
  the agency 's contract in the canary wharf business district obliges it to pay the rent until 2039 because it has no early termination clause , the european parliament said in a draft report . 
  the report , which is up for a vote on thursday ( 27 april ) , estimated that the rental cost from 2017 until 2039 would be $ 347.6 million . 
  the uk is expected to leave the eu in march 2019 . 
  the rental issue was flagged up during the eu parliament 's annual audit of ema spending . 
  the budgetary discharge and an attached resolution on the rental issue will be put to a vote in a plenary session on thursday . 
  the draft parliament text noted that the rental agreement was signed in 2011 , `` when a potential exit of the uk from the union was not foreseeable '' . 
  but dutch anti-eu mep olaf stuger said the rental contract was naive . 
  `` everyone knows you should not agree to a rental obligation of 30 years without a cancellation clause , '' he told dutch newspaper de telegraaf , which first reported the rental affair on thursday . 
  it remains unclear who will foot the bill in the end . 
  the draft eu parliament report noted that `` the costs associated with the relocation would reasonably be expected to be considered in the negotiations on the withdrawal agreement between the union and the uk government '' . 
  the ema 's move from another location in canary wharf in 2014 already prompted controversy at the time . 
  the eu parliament 's budget committee said the ema headquarters should not have stayed in `` one of the most expensive areas of the most expensive city of the european union '' . 
  the costs for moving out of the old building were estimated at $ 37.4 million , but the agency said those were offset `` as the annual expenditure for the new office space is expected to be lower than in its current premises '' . 
  that offsetting of costs assumed that ema would use the building until at least 2024 , not the 2019 uk exit date , however . 
  verhofstad is the guy who likes to hold `` big speeches '' and talk about his principles , but quickly throw them away whenever he thinks he gets to play kingmaker . 
  his shift towards bepe grillo was embarrassing to watch . 
  i do n't mind politicians being opportunistic , but it rings very hollow when a guy who spends so much time talking about values and principles like verhofstad throws them away to get power . 
  le me guess , angry letters back and forth for half a year , and nothing changes ? 
  we 're probably going to ask for an extension as well , when the current one expires . 
  it 's a easy way for our government , and especially our far right party , to claw back more control of the borders originally given to brussels . 
   looks like a complete local problem to me . 
  put in place a nation-wide minimum . 
  nobody wants a legal minimum wage ; employers feel that it gives to much leverage to politicians and make the process slow when change needs to be made , and employees do n't want it either , as a minimum wage would not make sense when applied over a large variety of sectors , there 's also a worry that it would give incentives to employers to only give minimum wage and nothing more . 
  all parties are happy with how the pay level is currently set , it 's well outside political control and makes sure that wages adjust according to the needs of the employees and the abilities of the employers . 
  the problem is ee work power undercutting a system that we 've had in place since the end of wwii , and that has worked great for all parties . 
  senterpartiet ( sp ) has always been against schengen , a potential eu membership and even our current eea membership . 
  they 've been pretty niche the last decade , particularly after they rose to their highest levels during the second referendum on a potential norwegian eu membership in the 90s . 
  though they 've had a resurgence the last year , due to several key factors , both domestic and international . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , but i 'm actually considering voting for them this time around ; they 've been pretty decent in opposition , and if our membership of schengen or eea comes up i 'm more inclined to side with sp than most other parties . 
  out far right party ( progress party ) is already in government , though they 've been pretty `` meh '' on the whole eu/eea/schengen situation for quite a while , though internal opposition has grown , especially towards schengen as it 's seen as a roadblock for reinstating stricter border control . 
  if they lose this election they 're probably going to change their leader , and replace her with a more populist inclined one . 
  it 's looking like well go from the current state of affair , with two parties in government , were one is very pro eu and the other one is getting more uneasy with the whole deal to a situation were we end up with a government of 2 or 3 parties , were one is totally against eu/eea/schengen ( sp ) , another one is getting uneasy with the freedom of movement and how it affect worker 's rights ( labor - arbeiderpartiet ) and potentially either christian 's peoples party ( krf - which has no real opinion on the whole eu/eea/schengen thing ) or socialist left ( sv - which wants to scrap eea if we do n't get a curb on freedom of movement ) . 
  tldr : eu/eea/schengen sceptics are growing in power and influence , and any conceivable coalition government after this years election will lead to a more eu-skeptic government than the current one . 
   do you have a minimum-wage in norway ? 
  yes and no . 
  there 's no legal set minimum wage , though we have tariffs that dictate `` fair pay '' negotiated between employers and employees on a national and sector level . 
  posted workers and an influx of eastern european workers who do n't organize and willingly and knowingly accept pay below what 's mandated has pissed of the labor unions . 
  eastern european employers with faked papers showing non-existent training has scared employers , as they ca n't know for sure if someones an asset or a liability in the work place . 
  so the worry is not only the undercutting of pay , but also that qualifications are hard to document and check , which has led to several problems , especially in the construction business . 
  no worries !, 
  the turn towards a more eurosceptic political landscape has been going on for quite a while in norway , and the issue might come up during this election cycle , especially as sp is doing extremely well in the latest polls . 
  the last time they did this well they spearheaded the no-side in the referendum to join the eu , which they won . 
  a strong sp will only increase the pressure on a government to adopt a less enthusiastic attitude towards the eu , and a frp in opposition will likely return to its populist roots and put even more pressure on the pro eu side . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_parliamentary_election,_2017 ) sp ( centre party ) , r ( red ) and sv ( socialist left ) want to leave the eea/schengen . 
  frp ( progress party ) wants to renegotiate the schengen agreement to allow for a more stringent border control , whilst a growing minority within the party is pushing for us to leave eea unless we can get out of fom . 
  ap ( labor ) silently dropped norway joining the eu from its party program , instead wanting `` a bilateral agreement '' . 
  they 're being pushing increasingly by the labor union 's to reform the fom component of our agreement to curb influx of foreign workers and potential social dumping . 
  that leaves h ( right/conservative party ) , v ( left ) and krf ( christian 's peoples party ) . 
  h still wants us to become eu members , but realize that there 's not public support for it , so they 'll instead settle for the status quo . 
  krf does n't really care much as long as the government is socially conservative . 
  v is very pro-eu , but is slowly collapsing under its bad leadership . 
  the current government is formed by frp + h , with the support of v and krf to pass a budget . 
  i expect frp to swap out it 's current leader if they do badly in this election , probably putting [ sylvi listhaug ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sylvi_listhaug ) as the leader of the party . 
  listhaug has served as the minister of migration and integration , and has been very hardline when it comes to bringing the number of migrants down to a minimum . 
  she 's also been very outspoken against the eu and the fom for people . 
  edit : i forgot mdg ( green ) !, 
  they do n't care much about the eu either way , as long as they can tax carbon emissions so badly people end up reverting to horse drawn carriages . 
  do n't worry , we 're watching you closely . 
  if you get an okay deal sans freedom of movement , most of our parties would be pleased with such an arrangement . 
  we might be copying you in 5 years . 
  [ watch the millions fly in/away live !, 
  ] ( https://www.nbim.no/ ), 
  have fun watching [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcsysuemihu ) . 
  how much affect does limiting magazine size have ? 
  to me it seems utterly pointless to argue that it limits the damage potential to a great degree . 
  some stem from war zones , others are stolen from government owned depots , some from gun safes and others are reactivated weapons that had previously been deactivated . 
  i fully support the harmonization of deactivation standards across europe , though the proposed laws will not curb smuggling of firearms from outside the eu nor will it stop weapons from being stolen from their owners . 
  trust me , i 'd rather see us not be in the stupid half-in half-out limbo that we got put in when we voted not the an eu membership the second time .
