  getting some sort of break on flow of people would appease both the left and rightwing parties , and could kill the whole thing before it spirals out of control , but we know how the eu feels about fom for people . 
  well , yes , more or less . 
  there might still exist some price differences due to transportation costs and so on , but over time the price is expected to converge . 
  it 's gon na take a while . 
  we will definitely be watching what sort of deal ( s ) you guys get . 
  if you come up with some sort of model which works for you , we might end up considering it . 
  though it will be difficult to leave the eea , as all our neighbours are eu members . 
  still , the shift away from the eu/eea has been happening for a while , and i 'm having a hard time seeing that change . 
  we 've gone from parties dropping future membership of the eu instead opting for the status quo , the shift towards leaving the eea and/or schengen will continue this election cycle . 
  it 's no longer fringe parties on the left and the one slightly odd party in the middle ; it spreading to the far right as well as internally within the labour party . 
  the labour unions are starting to get pretty pissed off at the current state of affairs and the way the influx of workers undermine pay and certain worker 's rights . 
  the conservative party is still pro-eu , and will probably remain so for the time being . 
  do n't worry , german can be bit hard if you do n't speak a closely related language . 
  red : uk black : germany blue : france green : denmark yellow : sweden gray : finland light blue : norway, 
  it 's the red line ... 
  nope , nor do we want to join . 
  in fact our continued backdoor light membership is looking to become a hotly debated election issue . 
  edit : time for some context ; there are currently 3 parties that are outspokenly against membership in the eu and also in the eea if sovereignty is not returned and free flow of people is curbed . 
  these parties are red and socialist left , which represent the leftmost parties in norway . 
  then we have the centre party , which is in the middle , which wants to drop the eea altogether and return power to both the national assembly and local politicians in counties and regions . 
  all these three parties want to replace eea with a trade agreement . 
  then we have the progress party , our far right populist party , which is currently moving in the direction of leaving the eea , or at least schengen to reinstate border control . 
  they might not put it in the party program this election cycle , but they certainly will the next time , once the issue has `` fermented '' a bit more . 
  yesterday the labour party silently dropped the part of the party program that says they seek an eu membership for norway . 
  now it only says `` strong bilateral agreements '' . 
  the point is that the whole political landscape is shifting away from the eu , either by dropping plans for membership or by simply leaving what we 're already a part of . 
  every possible coalition will lead to at least one `` leave the eu/eea/schengen '' party in government . 
  we 're not gon na leave this time around , though there will probably be a push to renegotiate our current agreements . 
  if we 're not given some sort of curb on worker migration and border control , i expect the issue to flare up again in the 2022 election , but with even stronger opposition to the current agreement . 
  i kinda want to touch it , just to see what it 's like . 
  the wealth differential within the us is smaller than the one within eu , so that 's part of the equation . 
  also , the us has been a single , complete market for quite a while now , with the luxury of the same political system , language and most key regulations . 
  mainly due to two things ; those who make the content want to regulate which markets something is available in , that way they can use different distributors . 
  secondly netflix and co can charge different prices according to the purchasing power of whatever country you 're in . 
  removing all blocking will lead to price convergence , with rich countries paying somewhat less and poor countries more . 
  corbyn really is a train wreck , even the ukip leader has better net ratings . 
  well , obviously they have to light the engines with hand held lighters , dying in the blast as the missile takes off / s, 
  the submarine is probably the safest place to be under a nuclear war . 
  the republican party is lovely . 
  well , sarkozy ca n't replace fillion then , that leaves juppe of the top 3 . 
  another factor has made leaving the eurozone a possibility without tanking the whole system . 
  over time , the ecbs qe like system has seen them take ownership over much of the euro denominated debt issued by nation states in the ez . 
  this means that in the event of a country actually leaving or even defaulting on its euro debt , the pressure will be put on the ecb and not individual banks across the ez . 
  that way we 're hopefully going to avoid bank runs and systemic collapse . 
  hush , do n't tell the german taxpayers that their money is gone . 
  mutti would n't like that very much . 
  edit : stupid autocorrect, 
   [ ... ] to delay the next decision about the greek debt crisis to the summer of 2018 ( after the big elections this year . 
  typical . 
  let 's pretend the problems do n't exist until after we 've been reelected , then we can do whatever is needed and hope the electorate forgets about in time for the next election . 
  russian invasion you say ? 
  better plan a working lunch for july . 
  but i take it that you 're fine with holding referendums to join the eu ? 
  funny thing that , people are qualified to make the choice enter , but not leave . 
  i think you mean make turkey ottoman again . 
  yet , she was pushed out even if her tenure was about to expire . 
  trump wanted to make a statement , and so he did . 
  he could 've just waited it out , in silence . 
  wait and see , i expect more to come over the coming months . 
  let 's at least wait a few weeks and see if she 's purged like some of the others, 
  nah , they just write it backwards . 
   a special tax for tax-evading companies ? 
  how 's that even supposed to work ? 
  they did n't pay taxes you say ? 
  well , tax them again !, 
  that will teach them . 
  ukip is actually pretty `` mild '' compared to most of the far right parties on the european mainland . 
  why ? 
  it does by no means share the same internal pressures that we see in europe , nor will it be subjected to much external ones . 
  shale oil and gas will make them energy independent , thus making them pull out of the persian gulf and the surrounding areas . 
  obama only kept a carrier group in the area for 5 months , instead of full year which has been the norm since bretton woods . 
  the us is not faced with close land based enemies ; canada and mexico is not going to invade them and russia is too far away . 
  the us has total naval supremacy , and as automation and increasing labor costs pulls more production back to the us , the will and need to protect the internal national order will grow weaker . 
  look at trump , his america first , screw the other countries unless they pay for protection , will become the new norm . 
  the us internal market is so wast and the us is not very dependent on export to prop up its economy ( germany will be in trouble in the future ) , they 'll see little need to police the world . 
  i find it difficult to see germany and france joining the same block post-eu . 
  they 've inherently got pretty different needs and wants in terms of economy , trade , protection and monetary system . 
  getting burnt by the same issues in the eu will make them less likely to do it again . 
  i find it more likely for france to look to its south or east . 
  while germany bands together with its smaller neighbors . 
  that sort of power structure was the norm in europe pre eu , and as the world order slides back into the same sort of state we had pre wwii , with a retreating inwards looking us , the same structures with some new twists will emerge . 
   i think this is the biggest leap of faith , you or anyone does . 
  the idea of a nordic union is `` nice '' , it 's neat , it makes sense . 
  and it goes against the historical realities and modern proof that plague how nordics seem to manage with each other . 
  the main reason why the nordics never banded together was to due the military and economic rivalry between sweden and denmark , both in terms of economic might , but also maritime trade and power projection . 
  all that is gone now , and will instead be replaced by the pressures of external geopolitical events that are outside of their control . 
   any `` union '' was always in danger of being dominated by sweden . 
  this is what i identify as the main problem . 
  it can be solved by either requiring unanimity in decisions ( which will be easier with 3-5 members with more or less aligning views instead of 28 spread over a continent ) or by widening the base of the union/organizations in terms of membership . 
  finland is a possibilty , but it could swing either way due to its historical ties to sweden , which grant them historical influence , but also some bad blood . 
   and as for the `` natural cooperation '' that is expected due to the magic of shared culture , that story went to hell when denmark and sweden had a fallout over the managing of the migrant crisis , rather than come together and cooperate on how best to handle it . 
  sweden is the odd one in that regard . 
  denmark , norway and finland all have very restrictive polices and rhetoric concerning migrants . 
  let 's not pretend that that was n't the case within the eu , it certainly was . 
  getting consensus among 3-5 members will inherently be easier than 28 . 
   the nordics have historically been fair weather friends , and otherwise opportunistic rivals . 
  that 's certainly the case , but will more or less be negated by the pressures to band together due to outside pressures . 
  we were already on our way down that path before the eu came into play as a political union . 
  look to the nordic council , and the agreements put in place in order to allow people to move across the border , work in another country and the tax treaties put in place to support that . 
  we had our more limited , mini-schengen long before schengen was a thing .
