  the competition was so fierce that a price equilibrium had been reached . 
   also , can you please provide a source and tell us who this operator is who `` hiked their prices to cover the cost of `` no cost '' roaming '' . 
  i 'll see if i can find some english language sources . 
  the reason telia , and others , did free roaming within scandinavia/nordics/baltics is due to the fact that they already own extensive infrastructure in the area . 
  not having to pay another network provider for the data their customers use helps keep the prices down . 
  they were barley making any money as it was , and now having to include free roaming for the same cost would sink them . 
  hiking their prices was nescearry , though 30 % was probably a bit exessive . 
  still , the fact remains ; had the eu not enacted their roam like home policy , the prices would 've remained at the current levels . 
  the competition has been so fierce that the prices have n't been adjusted for inflation for the last 5-6 years . 
  most operators at that price point have hiked their prices , and almost all others have indicated that they 'll do the same shortly . 
  i expect the few remaining ones to wait for a bit , to attract some more customers , and then do the same . 
  the margins are razor thin at the price point as it is , and they obviously ca n't sell with no-cost roaming in the eu at that price point . 
  the european commission is scrambling experts from member states to meet in brussels following traffic chaos and huge traveller delays over new security rules at the external borders . 
  `` when it comes to lengthy queues we are in contact with several member states and we are going to have an expert meeting this week to address these issues , '' an eu commission spokesperson told reporters on monday ( 10 april ) . 
  the rules are part of a larger anti-terror effort after eu nationals that had fought alongside militant extremists in syria then returned to launch attacks in paris . 
  national authorities are required as of last week to id check , using security databases , every eu citizen that leaves or enters the outer fringes of the schengen area of 26 eu states . 
  the task is large . 
  in 2015 , more than 200 million border crossings were registered at the external borders of the schengen area . 
  within hours of its launch , slovenia suspended the checks , due to the massive traffic jams at its border with non-schengen eu member state croatia . 
  huge delays were also reported at airports in greece and spain . 
  the greek police announced they would suspend the systematic id checks of eu citizens for six months . 
  outdated id cards of greek nationals meant border authorities had to manually enter data , according to greek media news outlet kathimerini . 
  the rules allow for a six-month derogation at airports but not at land and sea borders , posing questions on why people had to endure long waits at the border between croatia and slovenia . 
  the eu commission on monday said member states `` did indeed have time to prepare for the entry into force of these new rules '' . 
  the proposal for systematic checks was first announced in december 2015 and then adopted by eu countries early last month . 
  the commission says authorities are allowed to derogate from the checks at land and sea borders , but must first provide `` a thorough risk assessment '' to make sure the overall level of security is not weakened . 
  eu home affairs commissioner dimitris avramopoulos is in talks with the croatian authorities over the affair . 
  other eu commission officials are also talking to the slovenians . 
  schengen information system broader concerns remain over some of the security databases used during the latest checks . 
  among those is the eu-wide schengen information system ( sis ) that issues alerts to border authorities on everything from missing persons to wanted criminals . 
  authorities can also issue alerts on foreign fighters , although that data has not always been entered into the system . 
  proposals , which are yet to be adopted , have since been floated to make it mandatory . 
  gilles de kerchove , the eu 's anti-terror coordinator , last year said only five eu states bothered entering alerts on foreign fighters in the database . 
  he noted that the information on the homegrown returning terrorists is also often incomplete . 
  the eu commission had also downplayed the threat of returning fighters . 
  eu commissioner for security julian king last november described it as a speculation that `` is sometimes exaggerated . '', 
  it 's a good thing we have the eu to watch over us , so that big multinationals do n't get to screw us over !, 
  and now telecom operators have started hiking their prices to cover the cost of `` no cost '' roaming . 
  my cell phone plan has already increased by 30 % in price to cover the roaming costs within the eu . 
  i 've done the math , the so-called free roaming implementation will actually increase my cell phone costs . 
  the 30 % monthly price hike represents more money than i spent on roaming charges in the eu last year , which included more than 45 days traveling within the eu . 
  thanks eu , now i have to pay more money for the privilege of `` free roaming '' which will be costlier than the price i payed for roaming to begin with . 
  stellar work !, 
  have n't you heard , eu equals europe and vice versa . 
  hungary , tell us your secrets !, 
  turns out all the french candidates are ill-informed populists, 
  pretty nice of him to give us a heads up . 
  should be no surprise as the euro is n't viable long term in its current form and having it falling apart in an uncontrolled manner would wreak havoc to the world economy . 
  a controlled and wanted return to national currency could be executed in such a way that it minimize the risk of recession on a european or global level , though it would be extremely complicated . 
  getting euro off the ground , so to speak , was easy , reversing it is not . 
  it 's pretty difficult to explain unless you 're really into economics , but you can look [ here ] ( http://www.thematheosolution.eu/ ) if you want to know more . 
  it essentially keeps the euro as the currency , but allows the individual nations to better steer their monetary policy as each nation has its own ncu ( national currency-unit ) . 
  this allows every nation to better control their currency through devaluation and interest ratio differentiation across ez members . 
  it makes little sense for germany and greece to share a currency with the same value and interest levels as long as their economies perform very differently , and germany is unwilling to transfer funds to greece . 
  he 's not gon na stop even if he loses the referendum , he 'll find another way of usurping the power he wants . 
  where as finding them dead of an od in the gutter covered in their own shit is wonderful , which is the equivalent of whatever anti uk news tend to get up-voted here . 
  bluestarflairpeople : eu is stronk and do n't need no uk . 
  we 'll never give in !, 
  just wait for the 50 + billion euro divorce bill to drop severely in size . 
  they did like they did when they introduced the euro ; any negative structural issue can probably fixed down the line , and doing it now would hurt our ratings . 
  better wait until they public feel they 've got no choice . 
  austria wants to prolong an expired exemption in an eu-wide plan on relocating refugees and asylum seekers from greece and italy . 
  on tuesday ( 28 march ) , austria 's socialist-democratic chancellor , christian kern , said he would send the european commission a letter with the demand and the reasons behind it . 
  `` we believe an exception is necessary for austria for having already fulfilled its obligation . 
  we will discuss that with the european commission , '' he told reporters in vienna . 
  the two-year relocation plan aimed to relocate an initial 160,000 people from italy and greece to other eu member states by september . 
  so far , only around 15,000 have been dispatched . 
  austria was given an exemption , which expired on 11 march and is now supposed to start relocating around 1,900 people before the september deadline . 
  kern 's move signals internal domestic political differences over relocation , but also casts an even bigger shadow over an already weakened relocation scheme . 
  the country 's conservative interior minister , wolfgang sobotka , had told reporters ahead of a ministerial meeting in brussels on monday that austria was ready to accept 50 unaccompanied minors from italy . 
  but sobotka was contradicted only hours later by the socialist defence minister hanz doskozil . 
  doskozil said austria would not relocate anyone given its past efforts at the height of the refugee crisis . 
  around 90,000 asylum seekers came to austria in 2015 . 
  the two appeared to reach a compromise following an austrian council of ministers meeting in vienna on tuesday , with kern now asking for a second extension of the exemption from the scheme . 
  ` not without consequences ' but the eu commission on tuesday said austria must start its relocations . 
  `` austria is now expected to fulfil its legal obligations under the council decisions to start relocating , '' eu commission spokesperson natasha bertaud told reporters in brussels . 
  she said no country could unilaterally withdraw from the two-year plan . 
  `` it can only choose to act outside the law , which we would find both deeply regrettable and not without consequences , '' she warned . 
  the austrian move follows tense talks on relocation among interior ministers on monday . 
  it also comes after a declaration on stronger integration , which was delivered by the leaders of eu member states over the weekend in rome . 
  `` the eu 's migration policy rests on solidarity , and relocation is a very essential element of this , '' said bertaud . 
  but the issue of solidarity and how it applies to broader migration and asylum policies has left sharp divisions . 
  both hungary and slovakia are challenging the relocation scheme at the european court of justice in luxembourg . 
  those cases were lodged at the end of 2015 but are yet to produce any hearings . 
  the court 's advocate general is expected to publish his opinion in may , with a final ruling that could come before the end of summer , according to a source at the eu . 
  sorry finns , you 're collateral damage in our quest to humiliate sweden . 
  i 'll always vote no to joining the european union if that means that sweden keeps looking like a limp dick on maps . 
  worth it . 
  i expect belarus to have its `` spring moment '' before russia has its . 
  this is just the first step of our super secret space-based laser weapon . 
  watch out sweden , we 're gon na get you this time / s, 
  i think the balkans can manage a war themselves without trump 's interference . 
  what we should worry about is russia stoking the region by selectively [ arming ] ( http://observer.com/2017/01/nato-deploying-troops-poland-baltics-vladimir-putin/ ) one side . 
  well , we had our own government of sorts , but did not control foreign policy , so we were kind of dragged into it . 
  no , please do n't get germany to pay reparations , they do n't respond well to that, 
  i 'm not saying you had much of a choice , just that you ended up on the losing side . 
  the list is simple : - keep the euro afloat - get money back from lazy southerners - sacrifice a goat to the dark lord, 
  unprecedented prosperity , stability and influence in the world \u2122, 
  silly man , you ca n't waste money on women and alcohol . 
  i think he means `` money well spent '' .
