  excessive force . 
  i 'm not in favor for it , but with the way things are currently going it will inevitably lead to someone getting killed at the borders . 
  and what if the economy no longer yields a surplus ? 
  where will you cut ? 
  i do n't necessarily have a problem with supporting ruthless dictators if the alternative is worse . 
  the problem is when the west disposes of a dictator without having a clear plan for a new government . 
  you ca n't bomb a country into a democracy . 
  either we stay out , or we go all in when it comes to nation building . 
  that means political , economicial and social support . 
  they 'll probably do what they always do ; kick the can down the road and plan another meeting in three weeks hoping that the situation resolves itself in the meantime . 
  among them are people with no legitimate need for protection , but have sold all their possessions to pay for the trip in hope of a better life . 
  ca n't really blame them for being heartbroken . 
  at the same time , europe ca n't handle the numbers we 're currently seeing , and we have to reduce the influx dramatically . 
  this whole situation is really shitty . 
  i whish that we could abandon the curent system where you apply for asylum at the border with a preset quota picked from refugee camps . 
  that way we can control and better manage the flow and ensure that those who make it to europe actually need protection . 
  greece desperately , understandably , wants refugees to be shared within the eu . 
  many eu countries are now opposed to this idea and are calling for greece to be shut out . 
  at this point we 're either looking at far right powers seizing control in europe over the next election cycle , or turning greece into a giant refugee camp . 
  oh , yes , this will end well ... 
   it turns out the amendment was submitted in complete silence yesterday sneaky democracy is best democracy . 
  i guess it will all come down to the regional elections in march . 
  it 's going to be very interesting to see how the results match the polls . 
  in sweden for example the swedish democrats ( far right ) had way better election results than the polls indicated . 
  some people attributed it to the fact that people felt ashamed to admit that they would vote for sd when polled . 
  i wonder if the same will go for afd voters . 
  i 'm not that well versed in german politics , but it 's my understanding that there are no clear replacements for her , expect perhaps sch\u00e4uble . 
  hopefully merkel will realize that the european solution she talks so much about wo n't be what she 's currently preaching . 
  the quotas are dead . 
  at this point i 'm not even sure merkel will ever change course . 
  her plans are falling apart , she 's left with fewer and fewer allies , yet she insists on carrying on . 
  i 'm starting to think that the only thing that will end this is cdu replacing her . 
  and so it begins, 
  spring and summer is going to get very interesting . 
  i have no idea how it turns out , but it ai n't gon na be pretty . 
  i do n't even know . 
  probably somewhere between russia sending an angry letter and us losing the entry region of finnmark to a russian invasion . 
  it can be challenging at times . 
  they keep poking and prodding our defenses to record response times and response patterns . 
  they attempt to violate our airspace , we scramble some fighters and escort them out of our airspace . 
  it happens weekly . 
   of course norway has a lot more airspace to defend , which makes me wonder if it would n't have been a better idea to buy the gripen in those quantities . 
  diplomatic cables leaked by wikileaks showed that decisions makers were pressed into selecting the f35 as the superior platform . 
  we might have been better off with gripens , but [ certain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kongsberg_gruppen ) influential norwegian arms producers were in the process of making internal [ missiles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_strike_missile ) for the f35 , and it would look bad if we ended up with gripens instead of f35s, 
  we need fighters to defend the long coastline as well as intercept the pesky russian planes trying to violate norwegian airspace every week . 
  this problem has only gotten worse as the air force has been forced to close down airbases to save money . 
  fewer airbases means that we need more fighters to cover a given area and still have quick response times . 
  it 's really a case of penny wise , pound foolish . 
  the act of saving a little money one place triggers a massive expense somewhere else . 
  the budgets have been increasing steadily over the last years , aiming for 2 % of gdp as recommended by nato . 
  the problem has been and continues to be politicians mandating and buying expensive equipment , without setting aside enough money to pay for the upkeep . 
  we 're buying 52 new f35 fighters , but the head of the air force has made it clear that while politicians have put aside money for the initial cost , they 've not put aside money for maintenance . 
  the army , navy and airforce is forced to cut down on other parts of the budget to make sure everything balances out . 
  the army is in the process of replacing the aging m109 artillery . 
  i expect the same thing to happen as what is happening with the f35 purchase . 
   ship those refugees who arrive on our shores from turkey back to turkey . 
  yeah , turkey would meet us with its navy if we try that . 
  i guess this explains why merkel keeps pushing for an agreement with turkey . 
  if an agreement is not met , erdogan has made it clear that he will unleash the refugees upon europe . 
  too bad we 're putting ourselves in a prime position to be blackmailed further . 
  ok , so greece turned into a giant refugee camp by summer . 
  this is going to get ugly as hell . 
  what about publicly releasing the documents showing erdogan being an ass ? 
  it would wreck further diplomatic talks and thus be a `` nuclear option '' . 
  hopefully the mood during the new discussions have become better , because the meeting on 15 . 
  november did not seem to go well . 
  holy shit , when is that from ? 
  seems like my suspicions that erdogan would blackmail the eu for more money was right . 
  yeah , i 've got no idea why merkel is insisting on going down this path . 
  paying turkey serves two things , first of all it will hopefully curb the stream of refugees , and secondly it will improve the conditions in the camps and make migrants and refugees less willing to take the dangerous journey , but i have little to no reason to think that it will actually work . 
  like most of the eu solutions , this just kicks the can further down the road . 
  ok , let 's say that the eu does pay them the 5 billion . 
  what about next year when they want 10 ? 
  this plan sucks , it essentially makes it dead easy for turkey to blackmail eu with the threat of unleashing millions of syrian upon the eu . 
  use the 5 billions to enforce the outer border instead , the eu ca n't rely on outsourcing border security to another country over which it has little to no leverage . 
   i guess a person with a student or any visa can legally leave russia whenever and wherever he wants . 
  this is certainly the case , russia ca n't deny them leaving the country . 
  however , russian border guards had to have been aware of what was going on and that russia was being used as a transit country . 
   it is responsibility of 3rd country to check if that person is legally allowed in . 
  at least it seems logical . 
  russia used to check that anyone wanting to enter norway had a valid schengen visa , but for some unknown , probably politically motivated reason , they stopped doing it some time during the summer . 
  as soon as anyone enters norwegian jurisdiction without the proper paper , we send them back . 
  problem is that they just have to say `` asylum '' , and we 're suddenly stuck with them . 
  in late november after some serious diplomatic talks , russia agreed to let norwegian border guards check the id of anyone wanting to cross into norway , before they actually are on norwegian soil , that way anyone without a visa can be denied entry while they 're already on russian soil . 
  because russia and norway have an agreement dating back to 2008 that states that someone with a denied asylum claim is to be returned to the country he or she crossed the border from . 
  this has worked well over the last 7-8 years , but suddenly russia denies they have any obligation to take them back . 
  anyone crossing into norway from russia has to pass through 4 check points on russian side , and a closely guarded military area . 
  there is no way russian border guards did n't see what was going on . 
  why would anyone on a student visa for moscow travel via murmansk into norway ? 
  so this is european solidarity they preach about all the time ? 
  turning greece into a giant refugee camp ? 
  as i 've said previously , they ca n't keep migrants from coming into greece , but they can keep them from leaving . 
  do they want an extreme right revolt ? 
  this is how you get it . 
  norway and russia have signed several agreements concerning border crossings , and the surrounding areas . 
  we actually have a pretty good relationship , and we offer visa free travel for those who live in the area close to the border . 
  last year more than 200k border passing where made , which is a lot for such a sparsely populated area . 
  one part of the agreements is about rejected asylum claims , it states that the state where the asylum seeker crossed the border from , is to take the person back if the asylun application is denied . 
  the problem is that the russian interpretation is that they 're only required to take back those who still hold a valid visa , which is something norway is currently contesting . 
  norway is going to deny all more or less all of the 5500 asylum seekers that crossed the russian-norwegian border , but russia is currently willing to take back about 700 .
