  we might accept some sort of north sea alliance , but the terms got ta be good . 
  getting pounded . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  it 's probably not smart , but it would make it easier for trump/the us to get us to agree to terms we 'd not agree to otherwise . 
  * right eye twitches uncontrollably *, 
   how about fireplaces ? 
  yeah , it also adds to the problems . 
  though we ca n't really ban people from burning wood . 
  a lack of house heating is considerably more problematic than banning some people from driving diesel cars at specific dates . 
  we already have pretty strict standards for new fireplaces to reduce the emission of particles . 
  they 're also about to launch economic incentives where part of the cost of replacing an old fireplace is covered by the city . 
  well , we 're easier to push around if we 're fragmented into nations or small clusters of nations . 
  besides , trump seems less worried about russia invading european countries , so he sees no need for the eu to provide cohesion and security guarantees . 
  do n't forget your socks and sandals . 
  it 's really bad right now due to low temperatures and lack of wind . 
  basically all pollution released by cars such as dust and other particles stick close to the ground and drastically worsens the air quality . 
  as soon as temperatures rise and we get more air circulations the problems will improve considerably . 
  edit : the issues are also made worse by studded winter tires . 
  they rip tiny particles off the road surface and ejects them into the air . 
  pee onto us you say ? 
  we do occasionally pump water back up yes , if the price of electricity at the time is lower than what we can recover later when the price rises . 
  running the dams continuously makes little sense , since the price of energy fluctuates and dams are pretty easy to turn off and on as price varies . 
  we already produce more electric power than we actually need , so our power companies have moved to a model that allows them to import energy when cheap , store it as pumped water and sell the generated power later as the price rises . 
  please feel free to elaborate . 
  i 'll admit i 'm not a big fan of the way merkel managed the refugee crisis , but the way trump is acting activley undermines the way the western world has been run since wwii . 
  he is threatening to uproot the world order as we know it , and i worry about the consequences . 
  if nato stops being a guarantee for our safety we 'll immediately turn to our neighbors . 
  we already have mutual defense pacts with sweden , finland and denmark . 
  iceland is also considered to fall under the same agreement . 
  the five of us obviously wo n't have enough military capability , so i 'll expect us to start throwing money at our militaries , that will be the easiest for norway as we already have large untapped piles of cash ( the oil fund ) . 
  rearming will take time , but between the four of us ( excluding iceland ) we 've got pretty big military industries and can probably boost production to sizable levels if we want to . 
  sweden produces jet fighters nationally , the finns produce heavy armoured vehicles and we produce advanced ammunitions and missiles . 
  in addition norway and finland has several large shipyards that can be retrofitted to produce military vessels . 
  all this is obviously going to cost a lot , both in terms of direct costs , but also in losses due to retooling our industries . 
  if the outside pressure is great and we have some time the process is entirely doable . 
  we wo n't be able to beat the russians , but we can make an invasion very expensive for them in terms of losses . 
  if the eu collapses , i expect us to quickly move towards a political union , such a proto-structure is already in place ( the nordic council ), 
  and to think we went from obama to this . 
  not worth it then , the risks are too great . 
  there 's not doubt that such actions would harm the us as well , but i 'm convinced it would harm other more . 
  trump might decide that for the us to bleed some is worth it if it drains the others completely . 
   this authoritarian moves will gave him a lot of enemies in us . 
  hence the purges . 
  i sincerely hope he refrains from doing such things , but i fear it 's in his personality . 
   his diplomacy will make him a lot of international enemies the us is probably the country in the world that has to worry the least about making enemies , at least in terms of actual threats . 
  though he is really threatening to rip up the world order established since wwii , that might not end well . 
  well , we 'll have to see about that . 
  i do worry that he 's going to start on a purging process of sorts quickly after becoming president . 
  i 'm already seeing talks about revoking press credentials for medias that are critical of his polices , that will probably be extended to departments and internal positions as well . 
   will the us really risk putting pressure on a economically important market such the eu ? 
  well , it 's easier to push around a series of individual european nations than it is to strike a deal with a collective of nations . 
  it 's hard to say how coherent his plans actually are . 
   i mean ... 
  i 'm not expecting good things from him , but there must be someone with at least a bit of common sense who can slap him across the head . 
  he 's talking about throwing 70 years of work done by the us down the drain to upend the current state of affairs . 
  he seems to actively surround himself with people that agree with him , and represent a world view which is uncommon in the established political circles in the us . 
  i agree . 
  trump could really put a dent into the eu if he really wants to , he could go along way to actually kill it if he actively wants to pursue such politics . 
  most of the water level in norwegian hydropower plants are actually dependent on the snow smelting that happens in the spring . 
  besides , the reservoirs are never really totally full , we can always add some more water to them if electricity is cheap . 
  we 're even talking about building new reservoirs that are going to be entirely filled by pumped water . 
  we 've already developed most of the possible locations for power generation , but now we can start adding dams were there 's not enough natural water flow to make it worthwhile . 
  i 'm convinced that juncker will die if he stops drinking . 
  his blood must ble like 5 % alcohol by now , it has probably acquired life-enabling functions . 
  or he starts punishing eu members and gives sweet deals to the uk , that might get more people to think about leaving the eu . 
  this can really go both ways , but there is no doubt that this is going to be a pivotal period for the eu and the whole western world . 
  well , here comes the real test for the european project , it 's really gon na be a case of do or die for the eu . 
  have you tried squinting ? 
  well , parts of it . 
  see my edit . 
  the state budget for [ 2016 ] ( http://www.statsbudsjettet.no/statsbudsjettet-2016/satsinger/?pid=69130 ) had expenditures at 1246 billions ( nok ) . 
  the fund is currently at 7446 billions nok . 
  4 % of 7456 billions nok is about 302 billions nok , or about a quarter of our expenses . 
  in other words , the returns of the fund alone funds about a quarter of our budget , and that 's without even spending the principal capital . 
  the fund is actually designed to last forever . 
  projections estimate the real growth at about 4 % a year , which is the maximum our politicians have agreed to withdraw from it over time . 
  whether that actually holds up remains to be seen . 
  the fund lost close to 100 billions during the financial crisis ( almost a quarter of the total value then ) , but we did n't sell stocks . 
  we in fact kept buying more , leading to record profits once the stock market recovered . 
  our politicians are not allowed to touch the principal amount , they can only use the actual return the fund generate , stipulated at 4 % ( real ) over a long time . 
  in other words , at about 900 billion usd we can at maximum use 36 billion usd a year , with certain exceptions in times of bad national economic growth . 
  edit : the fund is also branching out to include real estate , the long term goal is for 5 % of the portofolio to be directly owned real estate . 
  ever shopped in regent street ? 
  we [ own ] ( https://www.nrk.no/okonomi/oljefondet-kjoper-regent-street-1.7367197 ) a quarter of it . 
  ever been to [ vend\u00f4me saint-honor\u00e9 ] ( http://e24.no/boers-og-finans/oljefondet/oljefondet-kjoeper-i-paris-til-ni-milliarder-kroner/23875080 ) in paris ? 
  we own all of that . 
  we actually buy electricity when its really cheap , like when denmark is facing storms/heavy winds , and use it to pump water back into the dams so we can sell the power at a time when price is higher . 
  turns out we run a profit that way . 
  there 's been talk about turning us into `` the battery of europe '' . 
  in other words , when power is abundant due to lots of sun ( solar panels ) or due to high winds ( wind turbines ) we store the excess energy as water pumped into dams . 
  do n't worry about us , we 've stashed away about [ 900 billion ] ( https://www.nbim.no/ ) us dollars for when the oil runs out . 
  we already generate more electric than we actually need though water dams . 
  the lack of wind farms is not due to oil , it 's due to our hydro power plants . 
  98.5 % ( [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity_sector_in_norway#hydroelectricity ) ) of our electrity is generated through hydroelectric dams . 
  edit : some more up to-date ( december 2015 ) [ stats ] ( https://www.ssb.no/energi-og-industri/statistikker/elektrisitet/maaned/2016-02-04 ) we exported 13.9 twh and imported 11.6 twh , in other words production exceeds domestic demands . 
  95.6 % was generated by hydro electric , 2.3 through thermal plants and 2.1 through wind . 
  less than 0.1 % was generated through fossil fuels , mostly gas whenever hydro electric dams could n't adapt quickly enough to increased loads , it takes time to spin up the turbines , especially during early spring when water levels can be low . 
  understandable , why would the netherlands want any competition in the tax evasion business ? 
  `` this car has wheels '' thanks eu , i did n't know that . 
   [ ... ] nation states still need to accept this ( as legislation has to go through the council ) .
