  the eu either has too much or too little power at the same time for the eu to act or for individual nations to act . 
  so , young people of the political elite grades the performance of the old members of the political elite ? 
  talk about echo chamber . 
  that being said , i agree that we have to act when it comes to youth unemployment . 
  we ca n't afford to see a `` lost generation '' in southern europe . 
  the eu has not been able to address the issue , but has probaly made it worse by insisting on austerity and sticking to a monetary policy that makes an economic recovery slow and almost impossible in some of the member states . 
  did n't hofer make some comments alluding to `` greater germany '' ? 
  the whole energy transition has been a failure . 
  germany aims to replace nuclear power , one of the most carbon effective way of producing power , with solar and wind . 
  the result has been the most expensive electrical power in europe . 
  i 'm not opposed to renewable energy , but nuclear is really one of the best bets we have when it comes to reducing co2 emmisons . 
   let 's boycott russian goods !, 
  expect of course for their largest export , energy edit : goods vs good, 
  well , the great wall of china was apparently filled partly by the bodies of those who died while building it . 
  the migrants . 
  we hang then by their feet and shake them to see what falls out of their pockets . 
  i agree that `` some people '' is a vague analysis , but the wording was mostly down to me not remembering all russian the names mentioned in the stratfor analysis . 
  i recommend that you take a look at some of stratfor 's work , it 's based on open source data coupled with in-house experts that have long experience in their respective fields . 
  stratfor , the private think tank , has actually been writing on what they believe to be an internal power struggle within the russian elite . 
  apparently some people have been attempting to gain more power over fsb and putin has been reshuffling the leadership in order to stay on top . 
  whether or not that is true no-one outside the very top of russian politics knows for sure , but there has been an large amount of people getting fired/moved around lately , which would make the theory plausible . 
  edit : google `` the kremlin 's current intrigues '' and click the first link , you should be able to read the article from 2015 . 
  it 's only one part of a long series which is still added to frequently . 
   and so , so many migrants . 
  where are they all now ? 
  mostly germany and sweden . 
  the flow died down when the balkan route was closed and when the eu-turkey deal kicked in . 
  somewhere between 40-50k migrants are still stranded in greece . 
  the flow into italy is about the same [ so far ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=105 ) this year compared to last year . 
  we 'd be happy to supply you with even more gas . 
  you 'll have to pay a bit more than russia charges , but we do n't shut it off in the middle of the winter to make a statement, 
  and how much of russian export is energy ? 
  boycotting russia without boycotting energy exports is stupid . 
  going by terrain and depth maps , it seems like the river is pretty easy to defend against land borne forces . 
  there are few in-place crossing points and the river is too wide for a force to make surprise crossing using movable structures . 
  i believe that it would be much easier defending a front comprised of a river than the flat-land dominated area that makes up eastern ukraine . 
  they could always go full-on and take everything east of the river , though that would probably require most of russia 's land forces , and nato would probably respond by gaining air superiority using air bases in ee . 
  any russian offensive would require a blitz-krieg like tactic in order to take and fortify large amount of land before the us can mobilize air defenses . 
  moving strategic and tactical air resources across the atlantic will take at least 10-14 days . 
  i agree . 
  the land bridge is possible , but would require a large amount of forces , probably 20-30k to subdue the local population , defend the front and run supplies . 
  the man count would require russia to stop fighting by proxy and actually outright commit large number of russian forces in a way that they ca n't pass off as local separatists . 
  such a move would be risky , but it depends entirely on the west/nato 's response . 
  we have so far settled for angry letters and economic sanctions . 
  with russian economy straining under sanctions and low oil prices , putin might be tempted to turn the public 's attention to enemies outside russian borders . 
  the skirmishes in ukraine is not about economy or annexing europe , it 's about enforcing a buffer zone in the intermarum , from the baltic sea to the black sea . 
  ukraine joining nato or moving closer to the west is unacceptable to russia , as the distance form the nato front to moscow is reduced to less than 500 km . 
  we would n't have germany trying to undermine the sanctions for one . 
  the alleged terrorist plot can potentialy be used as a casus belli by russia to move to border even further west , an all out war is unlikely , but russia will probably attempt to slice yet another piece of the salami . 
  edit : a potential salami slice , although a big one , would be to connect crimea via a land bridge running along the coast . 
  this involves taking the land between crimea and mariupol , as well as the city itself , and advance north west until you reach dnieper . 
  the river provides a potential anchor in a area dominated by flat farmland and makes it less expensive to defend supply lines . 
  crimea is currently in a difficult spot , with the power and water supply outside the reach of the separatists . 
  yeah , i 'm starting to get the same feeling . 
  i used to view so-called alternative media as a cesspool of misinformation and badly sourced conspiracy theories , and a lot of it still is , but certain publications have published information on subjects that others do n't dare to touch . 
  it 's sad we reached a point where newspapers and others are more concerned about shaping and representing a narrative than actually reporting on factual matters . 
  i 'm not saying alternative media is not building and supporting a narrative , but they tend to write about stuff that would otherwise be ignored . 
   it just feels wrong , erdo\u011fan used to jail/sack secular turks the previous decade and the western world loved him , now he jails/sacks islamists and western world feels it 's `` problematic '' ? 
  it smells fishy ... 
  i ca n't really speak on behalf of the eu politicians and their foreign policy/ascension plans for turkey . 
  i have no idea what we 're doing anymore . 
  i should probably point out that erdogan has indeed become more ruthless and dictator like the last years . 
  it 's not like the only difference between erdogan today and erdogan in 2010 being the people he arrest . 
  the eu feels that the anti terror laws are so broad and written in such a way that almost anyone who opposes erdogan or the government can be classified as a terrorist . 
  the eu belives that this undermines freedom of speech and the guarantee of a fair and just trail . 
  this is not about leaving turkey without tools to address terrorism , but to ensure it happens in a way that does n't infringe on basic democratic principles . 
  we keep turkey in nato because of its geographical advantages . 
  it controls access to the black sea , and turkey can basically render the whole russian black sea fleet useless by closing the strait . 
  in addition , the turkish army is large and relatively modern . 
  we 'd rather have them on our side than on the russian 's side . 
  we do n't really know yet . 
  it could definitely have an effect on future changes to the framework . 
  it 's also possible that uk will press on for changes once they 're in efta . 
  best case scenario it shifts most/all of the political weight towards uk , leaving the other members marginalized . 
  worst case uk or the eu pushes for fundamental changes to a current framework we 're okay with . 
  you should 've seen the speed our politicians started moving at when the press started kicking up a fuss . 
  suddenly the law had to be passed right fucking now , as the summer vacation was coming up . 
  legal experts pleaded for them to postpone to autumn , so that they could work out any issues . 
  those in favor of handing over power said that it had to happen now , or our glorious deal with the eu might fall apart . 
  we later learned the iceland was debating the same change in law , but elected to postpone the vote until autumn so that any legal problems could be identified and worked out . 
  edit : if your do n't want to hand over more power to the eu you either have to vote sp ( centre party ) , which traditionally has been the party for farmes due to their love of subsidies , sv ( socialist left ) , which has been almost wiped out after managing to pass laws for privatization and invading iraq when in government , even though the promised to oppose privatization and wars or r\u00f8dt ( red ) , basically communists . 
  their total vote share as of the aggergate polling data for june is a whopping 12.6 % . 
  the other parties usually keep their mouths shut on the eu , knowing that it has been really unpopular in norway for the last decade , and keep on handing over power whenever we are n't paying attention . 
  sorry , i meant the eea/e \u00d8s . 
   it 's only the pro-eu norwegian parties that would try such a stunt . 
  which make up like 80 % of the national parliament . 
  i loathe the pro-eu parties for ignoring the referendums and still making us subject to the eu via e\u00d8s . 
  in addition , they keep handing away power to bruxelles , this summer they gave the eu control of overseeing our finciancal institutions , even though legal experts said it was probably in violation of our constitution . 
  norwegian politicians are worried that the eu might start treating efta countries differently if the uk joins . 
  consensus seems to be that the current agreement is pretty beneficial to us , and that we would not be given such good terms if efta had been renegotiated today . 
  worst case scenario we loose some of our benefits . 
  i should probably point out that a majority of our politicians are pro eu , while 70 % of people in polls reject a norwegian eu membership . 
  our prime minister urging brits to stay in the eu may have been a result of our politicians loving the eu , but being forced to remain outside after losing two referendums . 
  they did manage to smuggle us in through the backdoor after the second referendum failed by entering the eea/e \u00d8s without requiring a third referendum . 
  it was obviously tongue in cheek . 
   so if you got power , you have right for fucking other people 's life ? 
  i 'm not saying that i would . 
  i 'm just pointing out that a lot of people in the west is tired of feeling that they 're getting short changed all the time . 
  i 'm not saying we are , but a lot of people feel that way . 
   so mongols , roman empire , ottomon empire and nazis have right cause they had ` political and economical superpower ' they did n't have the right , but they had the ability to do so .
