  the problem here is that the only way out of the rut is a solution which is politically unworkable . 
  that 's what happens when schauble and merkel promised that german tax payers would get their money back from greece , with interests . 
  the imf concedes that there 's no way out for greece without a substantial debt cut , too bad the european leaders who threw their electorate 's money into a pit are too afraid to admit it . 
  instead they keep throwing more loans at greece , somehow thinking that adding even more debt is going to fix the already non-sustainable level of debt . 
  it 's like reading a kafka novel ; nothing makes sense , and everything done is in vain . 
  they 're pumping to bubble bigger and bigger , and someday it will pop . 
  trying to avoid short term pain they instead opt for immense amounts of long term pain later on . 
  that 's the result of having politicians operating on term limits ; everything that happens once they leave office is someone else 'd problem . 
  yes , because the main problem still remains ; unsustainable debt . 
  they need a debt hair cut , no amount of austerity or reform can get them out of the hole they 're in ; it 's in fact made worse by making them take up more debt to pay for the old one . 
  most people would prefer a dictator they agree with . 
  corbyn ; she 's coming for your voters !, 
  may 's stealing voters all over the place , both from ukip and labour , it would not surprise me to see a conservative win with close to 50 % of the votes . 
  it 's sturgeon , what do you expect ? 
  her answer to any question is to yell `` independence ! '', 
  but it has `` euro '' in the name , it must be good !, 
  they 're not gon na freak out like last time ; remember how much far right groups have become normalized . 
  they 've become an element in most of western europe . 
   first you steal our children , now you want our women too ? 
  oh , i can tell you 've heard about `` barnevernet '' . 
  is that a well known thing in the czech republic , i know it has caused drama in romania and india . 
   your pillaging viking culture is obviously completely incompatible with ours !, 
  i could also bring some mead ? 
  i 'll take a free czech house please !, 
  no rape on my part , though i might steal a woman . 
  they do n't like the countries they 're redistributed to , and exploit the lack of border control to migrate to germany , sweden and others . 
  thus rendering the burden sharing almost pointless, 
  well , for one you need to chain up the ones you send to ee , or else they run to germany and defeat the whole point of the burden sharing . 
  haha , if they win this . 
  talk about wasted political for the countries that spearheaded the relocation schemes, 
  reagan was god damn amazing at public relations . 
  what a guy . 
  that 's what happen when a certain camp keeps using europe when they in fact mean `` the eu '' . 
  it not being factually correct is not going to stop them . 
  actually , it seems like this malware is spread via a pdf file , utilising a windows security hole patched in march . 
   is n't that normal in politics ? 
  it might very well be , though you lose your moral high ground if you first warn against something , then do a 180 and do it yourself . 
  we 'd be no better than the americans we ridicule . 
   what about that magical wall , have they started hiring contractors ? 
  i think they 're just about to announce a number of companies that are allowed to proceed to built a full scale model segment of the wall , to test how viable their plans are . 
  so ; first we urge them not to enact it due to the inherent security risks , and then we make a complete 180 and implement it ourselves ? 
  talk about shooting yourself in the foot . 
  politically dead before you reach mid 30s , must be some kind of record . 
  that 's good !, 
  or to be more precise , your state imposes few regulations on the public . 
  whether it 's good or not depends on your political point of view . 
  some like a small state that gets out of the way , while others prefer more regulations . 
   [ ... ] doctors reporting messages demanding money ah , the good old cryptolocker malware . 
  if people could just stop running . exe attachments . 
  if i was balding and had to meet juncker , id probably get a wig . 
  then again , it 's better than getting slapped . 
   dyson has separately sued bosch and siemens ' parent company bsh after finding that 750w-rated appliances really draw over 1600w of power when full . 
  a sensor puts the siemens q8 .0 and bosch gl80 models into low power mode in pristine conditions -- such as a lab test -- then ramps it up again for everyday use . 
  more german companies with defeat devices embedded in their products . 
  they 're probably going to get off scot-free just like vw thanks to german lobbying . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong or unexpected , but it does yield very weird compromises at times . 
  can we let lativa have a go this time , they might do a decent job . 
   however , this is exactly what i expected - that agencies relocated from uk will be used as a political/negotiating tool , disappointing that 's usually how it goes . 
  any situation is seen as a part of a larger eu internal power play . 
  the commission will come up with some other bullshit reason the next time the general public tries to torpedo something . 
  whopsie , a bit late for that now . 
  nationalise everything !, 
  a bit surprised they 're keeping trident . 
  oh , so we 're back to the anti-whaling thing again . 
  i paid for no such thing as `` free roaming '' ; i paid a flat rate for every mb , sms/mms , minute whatever used outside my home country , set by my network provider , a rate that was very competitive as several companies were competing . 
  no they 're no longer able to charge a flat rate , and every minute/sms/mb that 's part of your plan in your home country is valid within the eu . 
  to cover the cost of providing free roaming in foreign markets , where the cost of delivering services is higher than at home for the phone company , they jacked up to monthly prices to cover the cost . 
  several telecos in norway warned against the move , as it would increase the costs compared to what they used to be . 
  the last time i tried to tell the people on this sub that my cell phone plan had increased by more than 30 % monthly due to the new roaming regulations , and that the total cost of the new `` free roaming '' would actually exceeded my old roaming costs i got down-voted into oblivion . 
  the total price hike will be larger than what i 've spent on roaming charges in the eu the last year , even though i 've spent considerable time abroad both privately and in business capacity . 
  the new directive wo n't drop my prices for using my cellphone abroad , it will actually increase my total costs . 
  thanks !, 
  is comparing literally everything you do n't like in politics to hitler/nazism/fascism something new , or has it been going on since the 50s ? 
  it 's always the nazis , regardless of political topic . 
   and the nature of the referendum bill makes the outcome politically illegitimate . 
  for a start , mps were told that it was advisory only , a fact that was repeated in the parliamentary debate in june 2015 . 
  therefore , they saw no need to build in a safety bar , such as a super-majority requirement . 
  what the fuck did you expect would happen ? 
  a majority votes for something then then the parliament goes `` oh well , it was only advisory , we wo n't act on it '' . 
  it would be political suicide . 
  advisory or binding , it makes no difference in reality . 
  druncker 's attempt at pulling an underwood did n't succeed . 
  looks like juncker got yelled at behind closed doors . 
  well , there goes that moral high ground . 
  on the plus side , it probably has an inbuilt espresso machine, 
  probably too late to have an effect . 
  clinton 's biggest issue was that she was repeatedly worn down over time with the email problems and her inability to give clear answers to why and how she did it . 
  lol , no . 
  they got what they wanted , a brexit and it seems to be a hard one as well with no single market membership and , no ecj and no fom . 
  basically all the movements we 've seen lately have been inside the margin of errors , it 's pointless to read anything out of these polls with such small changes . 
  may has probably usurped the throne / s, 
  just you wait for the polling conducted after the leaks and may accusing the eu of interfering . 
  it would not surprise me to see a 50 % + win for the conservatives . 
  well , that was the usual shit show . 
  the total time each of them have talked . 
  haha , `` we 'll be led by a woman , either merkel or me '' . 
  le pen has quite a lot of zingers today , most of them are empty , but entertaining nonetheless . 
  macron , do n't rest your head on your hands like that , you look like a school girl in love . 
  scorched earth on both sides . 
  no , they do n't .
