  the eu has a tendency to go out all guns blazing instead of actually engaging us with the issues . 
  it 's not helping the norwegian public 's perception of the eu , that 's for sure . 
   we can easily become a symbol and sacrifice , if the eu wishes to show its members , the uk , or switzerland it 's serious . 
  it just has to be the right gambit for a scenario that could yet develop . 
  we 're the pawn . 
  norway would indeed be a cheap pawn to sacrifice , though i find it more likely that they 'll apply direct pressure to the uk , going off on some weird seemingly unrelated tangent is not a good pr move . 
  the situation right now is difficult to gauge , but it does seem like the uk is pretty willing to drop out of negotiations and fall back to wto terms . 
  that might just be a bluff , though it seems to be more than that . 
  if the uk crashes out on its own accord , i see no reason to make an example of us . 
   let 's face it , we 're not that important to the eu . 
  they can do without us if needed . 
  they 'll probably still buy our oil/gas , we 'll just not be able to sell or move anything else . 
  we 'd still be able to trade on wto rules and the agreement we had in place before the eea agreement . 
  that would at least stop the eu from levying heavy tolls on us . 
  in terms of non-toll barriers , such as product regulations , we 'd probably adhere to those just as we do today . 
  any company wanting to export and sell in the us has to abide with local and national regulations . 
  besides , we do n't really have a say in the regulations as it is today , so no major change for us on that part . 
  we 'd probably be more open to it yes , but it 's not gon na happen . 
  we have little to no influence because we opted out of the political project . 
  giving us the same influence as full members , without every commitment that membership entails is never going to happen . 
  the norwegian public has made it clear , by a current polling margin of 70 to 30 that we do n't want to become members of the eu . 
  at the same time , our current eea membership forces us to accept things we really do n't want with very limited options to affect legislation is making it harder and harder to support the status quo . 
  this trend will only become more difficult to handle for the pro-eu parties as the eea agreement grows in size and scope , touching on things that the public was promised was outside its scope when we signed up in the 90s . 
  we 're seeing increased frictions on matters of fishery policy , labor market regulations , and the support of domestic business who are struggling due to the slump in oil prices . 
  the fact that a government led by the most pro-eu party in norway used a veto shows how eu and norwegian interests are on collision course . 
  if there 's going to be an eu/eea referendum in norway the next decade it 's going to be about leaving the eea , not joining the eu . 
  i do n't see them going for the nuclear option right away , a limited suspension of the relevant parts of the agreement seems more likely . 
  if they push too hard , they 're only going to get blow back . 
  i agree , it does seem deliberate with the aim of discrediting trump . 
  the worrying part is that the leaked documents touch on a variety of subjects , internal discussions and talks within the wh , intelligence reports , and intelligence shared with other countries . 
  it 's probably not a single individual , but several ones . 
  it could potentially be a big network of leakers . 
  it does look a lot like it . 
  either trump hired a lot incompetent people , which is possible , or elements within the int community is leaking to cause damage to the white house . 
  every god damn time we have the exact same discussion , and nothing changes . 
   what is this , a war zone ? 
  nah , just western europe . 
  funnily enough , ee does n't struggle with this sort of thing ... 
  which is why it 's slowly becoming a hot topic . 
  all the pro-eu parties in norway have kept their mouths shut about an eu membership bid since the eea referendum , hoping that the population would turn more pro eu over time . 
  that has n't happened , and now 70 % of the population is against a norwegian eu membership . 
  defending the eea agreement is going to get harder and harder going forward , especially as it grows in scope and the number of problematic directives , as seen by norwegians , will keep increasing . 
  at some point we need to have the discussion about what to do next , but the two largest parties would rather us not have it , as the chance of us voting against a continued eea membership is not negligible . 
  it 's only a question of time before labor is forced to flip against the eea agreement by the labor organizations or that sp or frp demands a referendum on the eea deal in order to support a new government . 
  it 's not gon na happen this election cycle , but the 2021 one has a real possibility of it becoming the decisive question . 
  check article 102 of the [ eea agreement ] ( http://www.efta.int/media/documents/legal-texts/eea/the-eea-agreement/main%20text%20of%20the%20agreement/eeaagreement.pdf ) . 
  any directive needs to have the unanimous approval of all eea signatories . 
  the eu can suspend parts of the eea agreement if there 's no consensus after a period of time has passed . 
  they 'll probably try the same again after applying some pressure . 
  the so-called veto is just pure bs , any attempt at doing so would just mean that the eu tries to strong arm us into saying yes at a later point , as they 've done before . 
  they pushing is to accept even due to a veto is a good thing ; then our politicians can stop talking about the veto clause as it is some sort of defense against legislation we do n't like . 
  then they 'd actually have to face the fact that we 're being run by an organization we ca n't vote for nor have a say in . 
   i 'm not as sure as / u/thorbee that this signals any real change in policy towards the eea , though . 
  you do n't think that the fact that a conservative , perhaps the most pro-eu party , led government is vetoing an eea directive is a major break with the previous political line ? 
  this directive is directly affecting the health and safety of our workers , and that is one of the reasons that larger and larger parts of the worker unions are getting tired for the current eea situation . 
  the political landscape has been shifting towards a more anti-eea position for quite a while , look at the shit st\u00f8re had to pull to get lo to drop their calls for killing the eea agreement . 
  he 's openly talking about adding worker 's right to the constitution to avoid it being ruled lawful by esa . 
  the fact that we have politicians doing the weirdest piece of mental and political gymnastics i 've ever seen shows how problematic the issue has become . 
  if we get government consisting solely of ap and sp , which is a real possibility with the current polling , you can bet your house on the fact that sp will demand a stricter eea/eu line , with more vetoing and a push to renegotiate parts of the agreement . 
  if that does n't happen , you can bet that frp is going to make a real stink in opposition . 
  just wait for the eu to pull some fuckery on fishery and st\u00f8re will be there , ready to amend our constitution yet again . 
  he 's too proud to admit the issues with the current arrangement , and is instead opting for creating legal loopholes to escape it . 
  no surprises there , he 's just the type for that sort of thing . 
  we already have a [ intergovermental body ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_council ) ready to fill the needs , with lots of free office space . 
  we 'd still need to catch it back up to speed , after being pretty dead for 3-4 decades , but i 'm sure we could get it going in a pretty short time . 
  the political differences between norway , sweden , denmark , iceland and finland are less than those between say the netherlands and greece . 
  that 's the whole deal . 
  when talking about offshore safety , we often point to the british sector , and the amount of accidents there , both `` on sea '' and in air . 
  we 've already had severe problems with trucks from ee getting stuck in the snow , having inadequate tires and load tie downs . 
  it has lead to accidents , some with fatal outcomes . 
  the possibility of the same thing happening to commercial offshore flights is terrifying . 
  they probably also made it onto the mainland , though had no permanent settlements there . 
  i 'm just reiterating what has been and still is a common phrase when discussing the eea in norway . 
  everyone is aware of the trade implications of the eea , since every pro-eu politicians in norway keep shouting `` think of our trade and prosperity ! '', 
  every time someone makes any statement that can be interpreted to support a change if the current eea agreement . 
   would this also be the attitude of the norwegians in the case the eea gets renegotiated and both obligations and privileges become smaller ? 
  hard to tell . 
  our politicians are pretty pragmatic , often striking deals across party lines , so any sort of hard-balling from the eu would not be viewed upon kindly by our politicians or the population as a whole . 
  we 're used to an agreement were even the small parties get a say and a victory to take home . 
  the eu does n't really seem to operate by that standard , nor does the continental european powers . 
   and another question , if i may , what could the eu do to start swinging the public opinion back ? 
  truthfully ? 
  less directives . 
  less hard-balling and strong-arming whenever we chose to go against the prevailing eu currents . 
  there are a lot of directives we 've considered vetoing , but usually do n't because we 're worried that the eu is going to slam the door on us . 
  the fact that we 've been dragged to court several times is not helping . 
  we picked the eea because we wanted trade and no political union , the fact that the agreement seems to be ever-expanding is making it difficult for people to see the difference between the eea membership we have now and a potential eu membership . 
  we 're not keen on the eu , in fact most polls show that 70 % + are against a membership in the eu . 
  also the new [ eu giving away fishing quotas in our waters ] ( https://thebarentsobserver.com/en/industry-and-energy/2017/01/norway-takes-tough-line-against-eu-svalbard-waters ) is also a stupid move . 
  one of the most cited reasons for picking eea over eu was that we 'd have control of our important fishing grounds , now the eu is seen as taking those away by force and stealth . 
  doing so will make the eea agreement politically difficult to defend . 
  bottom line : stay the fuck away , as few directives as necessary , stop micromanaging stuff that we can do ourselves . 
  also , appear less menacing , you 're starting to look more like a mobster talking about who sad it would be if something happened to our shop than a friendly neighbor . 
  plato also talks about atlantis , i 'm not sure how good the guy was at geography . 
  still , [ vinland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vinland ) is the earliest known discovery of north america made by europeans . 
  there might have been europeans there before them , but that has yet to be proven . 
  they made it to what they called [ `` vinland '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vinland ) . 
  they even made contact with natives . 
  vinland features heavily in some of the viking sagas , previously though to be a made-up place , but archiological evidence actually verifies that vinland existed , and is a part of the costal north america . 
  they barley brushed the edge of the continent , but they did make it there .
