  i have a feeling that this particular haystack has lots of needles in it . 
  and the cracks between east and west deepens . 
  i 'm regretting this already ... 
   it would create an opportunity for non-eu states like norway [ ... ] we 're not going to join unless we 're given full control of fishing rights and agricultural subsidies and tolls . 
  those are the main reasons we voted not to enter twice to begin with . 
  we 're also currently making a lot of fuss about proposed eu regulations pertaining to offshore security and the possibility for dubious ee companies with shoddy security record to operate in norwegian waters without us having a say . 
  we 're very much aware of the fact that there 's a large gap between the norwegian and british offshore sector in terms of accident rates , and we 're not willing to give up a great safety record in order to open up our commercial personnel transports to companies we ca n't vet or deny access . 
  i just want to say that if we ever leave , we want greenland back . 
  you kind of tricked us out of it the last time . 
  they gambled that you would n't vote out , and they were wrong . 
  now we face the possiblity that both the uk and the eu looses . 
  what pillocks . 
  it 's very possible that the nordics could 've evolved into a federation if the eu had n't come along . 
  seeing that state of it today , i think i 'd much rather prefer a nordic federation than the current eu mess . 
  on the other hand , having your legislation dictated by brussels beats having it written sin sweden !, 
  i 'm just waiting for denmark to propose to sweden and norway that we should piece together the kalmar union for another go . 
  first of all , i do n't expect this to go anywhere . 
  secondly , why did it take one of the largest members to vote out for them to even start discussing the sacred cow seriously ? 
  they denied cameron any real concessions on freedom of movement , but seems to be willing to reconsider parts of it after the uk left , what utter idiots they must be . 
  it has been obvious quite a while that free movement has lead to unintended consequences , especially as the eu expanded to include poorer ee states , and the electorate is worried and sees that their national politicians are unable to do anything about it , hence the growth in eu resentment . 
  and now africa is spreading its culture to france . 
  competent judges . 
  the point is that a weak enough majority can enable csu to threaten to side with the opposition in certain areas , depriving merkel of majority . 
  come on , isis said numerous times that they would use the opportunity to smuggle in terrorists . 
  intelligence services also warned about the fact that the influx of migrants was of such a size that we had no way to check all those that arrived . 
  the norwegian intelligence service publicly stated early that they had identified individuals in norway belonging to terrorist groups who entered using the migrant stream the claim was not baseless , the assurances from our politicians and other do gooders that it would n't happen was baseless . 
  i 'll update the post to make it more clear . 
  i just re-read my post , and i agree that it was written in a very confusing way . 
   is just everything we do wrong by default now ? 
  no , i 'm not saying that . 
  the problem is the flip-flopping . 
  first we ignore southern europe 's plea for help for many years . 
  then the pressure becomes to big and merkel decides to set aside the general parts of the dublin treaty and decides to let people have their applications assessed in germany , which the dublin agreement allows . 
  this backfires badly , and german sentiment changes dramatically . 
  suddenly she 's all about redistributing the very same refugees she ignored the past 3 years and pushes for a forced relocation quota which later passes via qmv . 
  this pisses of ee immensely and they fight back , rendering the forced relocation deal essentially dead . 
  now she 's trying to push the same migrants she took to relive pressure back into greece . 
  had she only stuck to her policies for an extended time , instead of jumping back and forth as sentiment in germany and europe shifted , you would not have gotten the blame for the crisis . 
  i 'm sure she meant well at some level , but she handled it the worst way possible . 
   i 'm sorry , merkel was told - screamed at really - to uphold the dublin regulation all the damn time on here . 
  that 's all this is . 
  orban made it very clear in talks with merkel that hungary would only be able to uphold schengen or dublin , not both at the same time . 
  either he 'd build fences to stop the flow , or he 'd push them further upstream without registering them , and thus handing the problem over the austria and then germany . 
  had merkel accepted fences instead , the problem would not have spiraled so badly out of control . 
  she can be pretty cool . 
  she 's mostly known for being a bit plain , very number focused and we 're all trying not to make comments about her weight . 
  her apparent lack of fear of being seen doing weird stuff has lead to [ some ] ( http://ernaifelten.tumblr.com/ ) funny pictures . 
  and the farce continues !, 
  merkel , accept that those who came into germany , many felt invited by you , will have to have their application assessed in germany . 
  this flip-flopping back and forth is damaging . 
  making statements that many took as an invitation was dumb , wir schaffen das was dumb , forcing quotas on ee using qmv was dumb and now trying dump the problem back onto greece is dumb . 
  process the applications of those in germany . 
  let 's start work on creating an eu-wide deportation service without interfering with the countries sovereign right to process the applications , strengthen the outer border , stop frontex acting like a ferry service , drop the insane forced quotas and remove as many pull factors as possible . 
  we should also start looking at ways to reform eu rules for asylum as well as international conventions , the current system is not working at all . 
  the polls are pretty even , how about you save some time and resolve it by a coin toss / s, 
  a counterweight to the german-franco alliance would only be healthy for the eu . 
  it 's going to be very interesting to see how italy maneuvers , seeing as merkel plans to use italy as a surrogate for uk to ensure that policies can pass more easily . 
  the postal ballots are proving really difficult to get right . 
  yeah . 
  i imagine that 's the reaction the ministers wanted . 
  censoring heads of states is bound to cause media backlash across the world . 
  several large norwegian newspapers are also dedicating their front page or parts of the paper to appeal to facebook/zuckerberg to end the censorship of important historical images , even though the images in violation of facebook 's nude picture policy . 
  facebook was supposed to have a meeting with one of the norwegian newspapers , nettavisen , but facebook just canceled their meeting after it became known that facebook had censored the prime minster . 
  edit : fixed the zuckerberg misspelling . 
  the prime minster , erna solberg , and a handful of other ministers posted a post on their official facebook profiles directed at mark zuckerberg/facebook . 
  the prime minster 's post contained the image in question in addition to a text directed at facebook . 
  the image itself , and not the post , was just removed by facebook . 
  edit : it 's apparently spelled zuckerberg and not zukerberg edit 2 : facebook has removed the whole post being critical to facebook 's censorship . 
  the prime minster has confirmed that she herself did not delete the post and is considering reposting it . 
  edit 3 : the prime minster just posted a new post , this time critizing the facebook 's deletion of her first post . 
  this post contains several iconic historical pictures , censored by black boxes . 
  the napalm girl has been covered so that only her feet and hands are visble . 
  martin luther king 's face is covered with a black box . 
  the chinese `` tank-man '' is entirely covered by a black box . 
  regan 's face is covered by a black box in a picture with him and gorbachev . 
  i think we can be very happy about the fact that a lot of the terrorists seem pretty incompetent . 
  do n't get me wrong , some of the attacks have been very successful in terms of number of people killed , but we have yet to see anything on the scale of 911 . 
  i do , as you , worry about `` the big one '' . 
  i single well planed and executed attack can make people throw a lot of reservations on how to combat terrorism out the window . 
  even though europe has been relatively stable the last 70 years , looking back at our history over the last 1500-2000 years show how nasty we can become . 
  if you think previous genocides in europe were bad , imagine what they 'd look like if a collective europe chooses to act on enemies/outsiders that are already in our countries , living like our neighbors . 
  the rwandan genocide would look like child 's play in comparison . 
  i hope we never get there , but it 's feeling more and more inevitable day by day . 
  good luck with that . 
  france is a powder keg , if the terrorists manage a successful attack against a beloved landmark shit will truly hit the fan . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  christians are more prone to persecution than muslims in the middle east . 
  i wonder what sort of [ music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ahtyrangag&amp;ab_channel=aldeparty ) he 'll put on as he enters the negotiation room . 
  sarkozy/jupp \u00e9 vs le pen in the second round then . 
  the west has been running the integration and forward movement of the eu for quite a while now . 
  i think it would be both healthy , for the project as a whole , as well as constructive if the east starts pulling things in the direction they want . 
  the eu 's agenda has for far too long been set by the german-franco axis , and with the dropout of uk , the axis might get even stronger . 
  sounds like a great idea ; what are the odds of another meteor striking the exact same spot ? 
  i know , it was a typo . 
  no wonder . 
  i wish my brain had picked up on it . 
  oh , that 's embarrassing . 
  i switched from `` does n't to `` does not '' , but forgot to change `` does n't '' to `` does '' , hence the double negative . 
  the euro giveth and the euro taketh away . 
  edit : and a whole set of other issues plaguing italy .
