  i understand and respect that sentiment , however ; much of the security in europe is built upon nato and a us that is committed to all the security frameworks put in place post wwii . 
  pulling out of that basically overnight will wreak havoc on european security , as it will take time to replace it . 
  sea shepard , the crazy anti whaling guys, 
  well , sprinkled with two world wars , genocide and other `` nice things '' in between . 
   clash of civilizations by samuel p. huntington seems more accurate than ever in that respect . 
  look at/read old interviews with bannon ( the guy whispering into trump 's ear ) , his description of the state of the world and how to approach it is basically clash of civilizations . 
  probably , though it will test the republican 's will to bend to trump 's foreign policy . 
  i do n't expect mccain and his friend to go down without a fight . 
  this is essentially a continuation of another conflict in [ 2016 ] ( http://www.seafoodnews.com/story/1008748/eu-decision-gives-russia-and-norway-power-to-cut-latvia-out-of-barents-sea-snow-crab ) where the eu after a while told the latvian boats to get out of another area . 
  this time the eu has given fishing rights to several vessels ( 16 ) in an area that norway maintains is not open for international fishing of crabs . 
  [ the situation ] ( http://www.baltic-course.com/eng/baltic_states/?doc=127153 ) is expected to take a while to sort out diplomatically . 
  edit : our coastguard can get pretty [ serious ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhkkfolc5cg ) when it comes to illegal incursions into our waters, 
  looks like we might see how trump plays the game of foreign policy sooner than anticipated . 
  so , what 's the plan now ? 
  have a vote on ( a ) dropping the euro all together or ( b ) asking german tax payers to funnel money into countries which population has domestically been categorized as lazy ? 
  the politicians have painted themselves into a corner due to how the euro was implemented . 
  it should never have been implemented as only a monetary union , and europe is paying the price now . 
  you ca n't have a monetary union without a fiscal union and expect it to last . 
  either go all the way , or do n't do it at all . 
  i 'd like to place a 10 dollar bet on russia , please . 
  well , the natural state of europe for the last 500 years has been bickering national states . 
  it 's certainly going to be interesting to see what happens when trump runs face first into the other parts of checks and balances system . 
  he 's either going to be stopped by them , or wiggle past them . 
  he 's about to appoint a new supreme court judge , and the republican controlled house and senate seem to have little interest in stopping him . 
  it looks like he signs whatever eo bannon puts in front of him , with little regard for their political repercussions . 
  thanks , that perfectly sums up the response i was about to post !, 
  tldr :  [ ... ] politicians should , for once , tell you the truth that this debt is unsustainable , and do the steps required to make that debt sustainable . 
  the longer this charade continues , the less money you are going to get back . 
  trust me , if we were in the euro and on the hook for billions of euros worth of greek debt , we would 've forgiven the debt a long time ago . 
  in [ 2011 ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/norge/norge-gir-55-milliarder-til-euroredning-170905b.html ) we gave away more than 8 billion euro to solve a mess we had no part in , had not created , or never wanted to join . 
  the oil fund already took large losses on greek debt , with a face value of more than 15 billion euros . 
  we did n't create this mess nor are we a part of if , yet we 've already spent considerable resources to help you guys out . 
   so what would that solution be in your oppinion ? 
  take the losses right now instead of throwing more money into the pit . 
  forgive a large portion of the debt , enough to make greece stable , and get the rest payed back over time . 
   if yes i would advise you to call your personal mep to have him do something for norway to help greece out directly with some money . 
  norway has already done something to help . 
  in [ 2011 ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/norge/norge-gir-55-milliarder-til-euroredning-170905b.html ) we gave 8 billion euro to imf to lessen the euro crisis . 
  i have no mep to contact , and you know it . 
  look at it this way : ( a ) you can either delete a known amount of debt to give greece the needed breathing room the recover and over time get payed back the rest , or ( b ) keep borrowing more money to greece so that they can pay back the money they already own you . 
  that way their loans keep growing , the austerity contracts the economy and the debt-to-gdp ratio increases . 
  you 'll not get payed back you money this way ( a ) hurts short term , but is better for all parties long term . 
  you know exactly how much money you loose by deleting the debt ( b ) hurts long term , as greece slides further and further into debt . 
  as you throw more money at greece in the form of loans it ca n't pay back , you 're sinking more and more money into the hole which you 'll never recover . 
  let one thing be perfectly clear . 
  greece will never be able to pay back what it owes . 
  claiming the contrary is just politicians trying to convince their electorate they 've not wasted their money . 
  too bad this `` solution '' requires you to throw even more money into the hole . 
  i know that , change the rules then . 
  pointing to the rules saying that they prohibit something is kind of funny when you 're the organization that writes them . 
  still , i 'm not holding my breath . 
  it 's election year , so nothing will be done to save greece until this cycle is over . 
  let 's hope the crisis does n't flare up by then . 
  newsflash , you 've already borrowed money to the greeks !, 
  and you 're not getting it back . 
  it 's better to confront that right now , delete some of the debt and recover the rest instead of throwing more money into the hole somehow thinking that greece will recover down the line under the current regiment . 
  imf has been very clear , greece will never get out of the current shit hole unless debt is deleted , making them take out further loans only kicks the can further down the road , and the problem becomes bigger . 
  besides , the pension fund is not supposed to be used for these sort of purposes , it 's supposed to generate and preserve wealth for the coming norwegian generations , and not fix some sort of ill-advised currency union put in place by people who had far more hubris than brain . 
  letting them go bankrupt in 2011 might have seen them in a better situation than they 're in today . 
  it 's hypothetical though . 
  still , let 's stop pretending that the options are either to bleed greece dry over the coming generation or to eject it into some sort of financial hellhole akin to mad max . 
  there are ways to sort of the current situation , but it requires political will where there currently is none . 
   why do n't we all just have local city currencies then ? 
  because optimal currency area , and you know it . 
  there 's a difference between saying that countries should/can have different currencies and that cities within countries should have different currencies . 
  you 're comparing two things that are not comparable at all , and you know it . 
  i do n't mind a pan-eu currency , but it needs to be backed by fiscal transfers or else it 's absolute shit . 
  putting in place a monetary union knowing fully well that there is not enough support for a fiscal one was and is monumentally stupid decision , and one that will keep dragging southern europe down for decades to come if nothing is done . 
  i 'll keep blaming them until they actually fix the mess they created , either by going full fiscal union , or by rolling back the euro all together , on a country by country basis , or splitting it into a northern and southern euro . 
  do n't blame us , we were n't the ones how started a currency union and let greece join it even though it was obvious they cooked the books . 
  you guys are on the hook for billions of euros due to you own stupidity and political hubris , do n't expect us to bail you out . 
  greece will never get out of the current hole it 's in . 
  look at the leaked imf report , if large chunks of greece 's debt is not forgiven the problem will grow in size , regardless of whether or nor greece manages to implement all the structural reforms . 
  i 'd still blame the idiots who pushed through with the euro even though it was obvious from that start that the proposed framework would be a disaster long-term . 
  we 're currently seeing how a half-assed currency union works , not very pretty . 
  either go full fiscal and monetary union , but never one and not the other . 
  more austerity !, 
  lazy greeks , even dying earlier to get out of paying their taxes / s, 
   that 's delusional ... lem me check :  self-proclaimed bolshevik  jeremy corbyn can finally lead us yeah , she 's an idiot . 
  i completely agree with you , the speed of which the eu has changed , both in scope and in size has outpaced the public support for change . 
  we 're seeing the consequences of that now , with growing euroscepticism , the ez stuck in limbo where it drastically needs to change to survive but the public opinion is against the needed reforms and the tensions we 're seeing as a result of migration within the eu and outside . 
  one could always revert to some sort of strictly population based mep count , but i think the result will just make people in the smaller states claim that they 're part of a body which ignores them and is undemocratic due to that . 
  it 's very hard to come up with a system of governance when the size , needs as well as goals vary so wildly among all the member states . 
   the eu lacks a coherent demos from which to derive its power . 
  it certainly does , but i see no way to create one with the exception of actually waiting for people who solely/firstly identify as european and not * insert nationality * to grow much larger . 
   i do n't know of any parliament in the world with a greater disproportionality between the populations represented by individual members ( french voters are worth around 1/12th of what maltese voters are . ), 
  which is by design to ensure that germany , france and italy do n't end up dwarfing the other members completely . 
  i think the biggest issue with the ep as it stands now is the abysmal turnout for elections , which really calls into question the democratic legitimacy of the body and the ep 's lack of ability to actually suggest laws and regulations . 
  read the actual draft text . 
  the text clearly states that any magazine that can hold more than 10 rounds are illegal , if you own a gun into which it fits and you do n't hold a type a license . 
  fact is that legally purchased magazines can become illegal simply by normal wear and tear . 
  the commission has done a shit job , as i usual . 
   the magazine with a capacity of 11 would lead to him loosing his licence and all his guns without compensation if he gets caught under the current wording . 
  lovely . 
  even a small production defect in one of my many 10 round magazines could theoretically allow for 11 or more rounds to be inserted , and thus lose all my licenses . 
  what garbage text , normal use of 10 round magazine will make them illegal , and many of the owners of such magazines will have no idea that they 're in violation of the law . 
  well , i want to know for sure . 
  i do n't want to end up in a situation were i loose my legally purchased guns , and pay a fine just because wear and tear has made my theoretical 10 round magazine into a in practice 11 round magazine . 
   do n't modfy it there should be no repercussions because of the effects of deteriorating springs . . how can they know that i have n't replaced the original spring with a `` less springy '' one ? 
  the magazine proposal is utter garbage , and i ca n't see how anyone can enforce it in a proper and just way , there are too many loopholes and corner cases .
