  we might not be a member of the eu , but i think the same model could be applied throughout the eu with great success . 
  i 'd eat there . 
  ah , boris ; the slightly more mellow european counterpart of trump . 
  the whole resettlement is bullshit as long as the outer border leaks , i agree . 
  though i think we ( norway ) is doing the right thing right now . 
  we 're denying applications and actually sending people out that are not entitled to asylum , and taking in people who are . 
  had the rest of europe been as effective the problem would 've been resolved by now . 
  we 'll see what happens after the next election , our right-wing populist party is currently in government and have the minister of migration and integration , a new government might not be so strict and end up triggering a new wave . 
  adjust it for population and it should become clear that we took a relativly large amount of people in 2016 . 
  the numbers for 2017 are drastically down due to border closures , but also the fact that we 're deporting more people than ever before . 
  afghan asylum seekers have started to run away from norway to other countries such as france , since we 're one of the only countries denying their applications and sticking them on planes . 
  this year we expect to deny and repatriate more people than we 'll get new applications . 
  the flow is essentially running in reverse . 
  now french courts have stopped sending afghan asylum seekers back to norway under the dublin rules , since we 're sending them back to afghanistan , which is regarded as unsafe by french courts . 
   18.418 out of 160.000 refugees were resettled . 
  [ well done ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r13riarkgo0 ) would you look at that . 
  second page , we , a non-member country has done more than any of the members , more than germany and france combined in fact . 
  good job everyone , really !, 
  echr next then . 
  and we 're on track to finish our , voluntary , quota of 1500 people by this month . 
  i ca n't see us agree to another round if no other countries actually bother doing their part . 
  what have we done to this continent, 
  yeah , i 'm just pointing out that member countries are getting back their own money , not some `` new money '' . 
  the eu 's not paying for anything , its members are . 
   short sighted this . 
  they ca n't look further than the next election . 
  any problem that 's a decade + into the future can be dumped on their successors . 
  eu executive offers member countries the same money they payed into the system originally . 
  i personally think that the euro is flawed , and that it would be a very bad idea for norway with its current economy and exports to join the euro . 
  i might change my mind if some of the structural flaws in the euro are fixed and the norwegian economy transitions to a more diversified export portfolio . 
  euro or not euro is n't the question right now , there 's absolutely no `` join the eu '' referendum on the horizon in norway , we 're much more likely to get a `` get out of eea '' referendum than a join the eu one . 
  there has to pass a lot of water under the bridge before we ever consider the euro . 
  having your own currency is just too handy for an economy like norway to throw it away for a currency that 's hurting several of its users . 
  we have no oil left in 50 years , most of the norwrgian production will be disappearing in the 2030s and 40s . 
  we already produce more renewable energy we use , and export a sizable portion to continental europe . 
  jesus , google translate is getting really good . 
  it 's the estimated value of the oil fund , updated in realtime . 
  yeah . 
  the eea is just another power transfer to a body we have no control over . 
  as usual the norwegian public was never consulted . 
  i know !, 
  to think what could 've been . 
  a nordic union ; a set of closely knit states with largely similar cultures , languages , social and economic systems and intertwined history . 
  maybe one day . 
  it 's a good thing this is n't the 30s and 40s , the title would be much more sinister . 
  if they want us to ever join , they just have to stop being so brazen about their demands . 
  they 've got a tendency to hit us in the back of the head with a hammer instead of talking to us politely first . 
  had they appeared more reasonable i suspect eu membership would be much more popular . 
  they seem obsessed with being the bigger party and constantly throw their weight around like we 're some sort of uncopoerate state they need to smother . 
  the whole 84 % increase is just one example of the eu playing way harder than they actually have to . 
  having people like juncker running around slapping democratically elected leaders in the face is n't good pr . 
  it looks like a really weird dysfunctional circus from the outside . 
   possibly to make their own eu with blackjack and hookers . 
  [ we tried for a while ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_council ) , then the eu got in the way . 
  no passport checks after 1952 , free use of healthcare across borders , freedom to move and work in neighboring countries . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  we were on the same path as the eu went down years later . 
  if sweden , denmark and/or finland ever leaves , i hope we can pick it up again from where we left off . 
   the last thing the eu needs are more countries that do not really identify with it and are hugely opposed to the ever-closer union format the eu have adopted . 
  we 'd join up with denmark and sweden when it comes to putting the brakes on further integration . 
  we definitely do n't want the euro either . 
  having your own currency is a good idea when you main export ( oil ) has a price that fluctuates wildly . 
  the fall in oil prices has greatly weakened our currency , to the good of our other export industries . 
  being stuck with the euro would 've caused us a double whammy when the oil prices fell . 
  not only would our main export be worth less , our other exports would 've remained expensive . 
  the current political consensus in norway is that it would be more expensive to get full membership . 
  we might get some money back through different programs , but for any western nation most of the money they pay in is funneled into eastern and southern europe . 
  it 's a lot of money yes , but the bill could 've been much higher . 
  we 're usually pretty adamant when it comes to not paying more than we already do , and regularly walk away from the table whenever we feel the eu is being unreasonable . 
  had they asked for a 30 % increase they might have gotten it , but 84 % was just insulting . 
  the diplomatic relations are pretty good , though the eu has really been pushing it lately . 
  it 's starting to look more and more like a guy with an italian accent walking around with a bat in our shop saying it would be sad if `` something were to happen '' instead of a friendly neighbor . 
  slapping 84 % on the cost just out of spite . 
  do you want us to leave ? 
  cuz that 's how you sow the seeds for a referendum . 
  as / u/lethanat pointed out , we have some really good friends among the nordics , especially denmark and sweden . 
  we regularly get together to discuss eu matters , and we often lobby them to vote according to our wishes and needs in the areas were they have little vested interests . 
  we might not have any formal representation in the eu , though we do have some trojan horses so to speak . 
  sweden has a large part of its export to norway , so they 'd probably be opposed to us receiving any sort of punishment or embargo of any sort . 
  i thought it looked weird !, 
  thanks , i 'm certainly not talking about grains , 
  we renegotiate the sum every five years . 
  last time the eu was told to [ fuck off ] ( https://www.dn.no/nyheter/okonomi/2015/07/20/0732/hellas/slik-blir-norges-esregning ) when they demanded a 84 % increase . 
  instead we ended up agreeing on an increase that barley kept up with inflation . 
  trust me , [ we 've been planing for that for quite a while ] ( https://www.nbim.no/ ), 
  i 'm quite sure that when the right time comes along the public sentiment can be swung against the eea by starting to point out some of the problems . 
  the agreement is currently being protected by the fact that most politicians outside sp sees little need reason to discuss it publicly and will rather brush it under the carpet as soon as possible , like when we decided to outsource [ finanstilsynet ] ( https://www.abcnyheter.no/nyheter/politikk/2016/09/23/195244296/eos-komiteen-utsatte-vedtak-om-overnasjonalt-finanstilsyn-i-dag ) . 
  they made sure the vote happened right before the summer vacation and with little to no public support or notice . 
  if someone starts kicking up a fuss about eea and starts criticizing it in public instead of silently going along , i suspect the public support could be swung enough to win an out-referendum . 
  you have to renegotiate to such a level that it barely exists to get us in on it . 
  what sort of changes would you like to see ? 
   oh wow , i really envy this . 
  you got to have two eu referendums that actually buried the issue for a while . \u00a8 well , we did get signed up for the eea without being asked , and that 's probably what ended the discussion for a while . 
  the longterm goal for our politicians was to get us into the eea even though we voted no to the eu , wait some decades until support for the eu increased and then get us in . 
  the last part has n't happened , and people are less favorable to a norwegian membership now than they ever were . 
  we 're filthy rich because of the oil and gas , and we know it 's going to run out . 
  our production has already declined since the early 2000s . 
  part of the strategy has been to put money into the oil fund , which [ right now is worth about 850 billion euros ] ( https://www.nbim.no/ ) . 
  this money will be used to cover the dwindling future oil and gas income . 
  we ca n't live of off the fund alone , so we need to branch out , and fishing is going to be one of the most important export item for us .
