  first of all the average/median income is very low , and those who are wealthy can already get visas . 
  look at what happened when le pen senior got to the second round , even communists came out to vote against him . 
  all them wealthy ukrainians coming here , woho !, 
  / s i suspect that those who had money to begin with could easily get visas . 
  so le pen vs thatcher v. 2 . 
  how will left wing voters vote ? 
  i can see them be anti-le pen , but fillion might be hard to swallow . 
  i think le pen 's biggest chance to win this is by turning this into primarily a vote on the eu . 
  scale down some of the anti-immigration rhetoric and instead go full anti-eu and `` fuck the establishment '' . 
  i recon it 's her only way to attract voters and increase her base . 
  they certainly did , though i 'd argue the were more centered around nationalism than religion , though the nra does represent a weird mix, 
  do you know of any islamic/jihadist attacks carried out by non-muslims in europe ? 
  it 's not like christians are guaranteed to be non-terrorist , brevik is one example , but the odds are much better . 
  oh , so he has experience !, 
  the number coming to greece fell drastically due to two reasons , the closure of the balkan route and the turkey agreement . 
  the italian route is still flowing , and thus far 170k have made it across , compared to 154k for the whole of last year . 
  [ unhcr ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=105 ) has a great website that visualizes the flow . 
  donald trump is really engaging in networking . 
  i wonder when he 'll invite `` merkel , the disaster '' . 
  hehe . 
  silly swedes , paying us for our trash . 
  jesus christ , no . 
  just no . 
  we 've already seen how the arab spring has destabilized half a dozen of countries . 
  let 's at least leave the most functional muslim country intact . 
  we could clearly see how the west-east chasm widened during the last refugee crisis and we even saw how western eu states were reluctant to help out and that the relocation scheme was forced through using qmv , only to be legally challenged and ignored by v4 . 
  i have a hard time seeing how going through this a second time is not going to widen the chasms even more . 
  but surely , he is still blackmailing us ? 
  i like the deal because it bought us time , but we wasted that time by thinking the current deal would last forever . 
  we still need somewhere to put them if we implement the australian solution . 
  they 'd still get to greece . 
  we could seal off greece , but it would quickly turn into something reminiscent of the hunger games, 
   sanction his ass until his economy tanks . 
  if the economy tanks , his supporters will no longer stand behind him . 
  worked great with putin !, 
  oh , wait , it accomplished the opposite . 
   europe can deal with more refugees if it has too say hello to le pen , wilders and the rest of them . 
  another migrant crisis has the potential to kill the eu . 
   it was already a risky move at that time but nobody saw this insanity coming . 
  what ? 
  i , among others , pointed out that we were putting ourself in a situation were we could easily be blackmailed by erodgan . 
   i bet that will not stop people blaming merkel and germany again , because reasons . 
  because fuck cooperation to find a solution , blame merkel for things she did or did n't . 
  i 'd blame merkel if her proposed solution collapses , as many of us expected it eventually would . 
  well , it did buy us some time , almost a year . 
  if we had only spent that time actually enacting changes to secure our borders instead of getting a slightly less useless frontex we 'd be in a better situation . 
  really ? 
  they 're arresting someone every week it seems . 
  the police have to get it right every time , and the terrorists once . 
  ffs , they 're retired monks !, 
  what 's next , shooting up a kinder garden ? 
  this is sure to be fun !, 
  / s it 's probably just the same empty rhetoric we 've been hearing the last year . 
  still , any turks want to chime in ? 
  does erodgan mean business this time ? 
  i never said you had to be liberal . 
  i do however feel for any secular or liberal turk that has to live through erodgan 's transformation of turkey . 
  healthy / s what 's wrong about more scrutiny ? 
  sure , it would delay ratification but it seems prudent , especially given the rise in anti-globalism . 
  [ a constitutional change ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_constitutional_referendum,_2016 ) . 
  renzi , the prime minster , said that he would step down if `` no '' wins , which turned the referendum into a vote of no-confidence in the government as well . 
  hofer in austria and a `` no '' in italy on 4th of december . 
  probably not , it just halts opening new chapters or the work on already opened chapters . 
  edit : it must also pass the commission and eventually the council . 
  i misunderstood what u/solistrum said :  though , we do n't know if he approved it yet . 
  i interpreted as erdogan having a final say . 
   though , we do n't know if he approved it yet . 
  is n't the cb in turkey independent of the government ? 
  they 're usually allowed to do whatever they feel is necessary in most countries , ofc with some input from the government/parliament . 
   [ ... ] potential clash between central bank and erdo\u011fan what , he 's have a pissing contest with the cb as well ? 
  seems sensible . 
  i 'm sorry for any secular/liberal turk that has to live through the seemingly never-ending era of erdogan . 
  not necessarily . 
  they 've got to get rid of the poles somehow . 
  how else do you think juncker has been able to keep his youthful appearance ? 
  the founding document of european integration , the treaty of rome , is celebrating its 60th anniversary next year . 
  sadly , it may be its last one . 
  like many others in central and eastern europe , i spent my formative years studying european politics and policies in the hope that my country , hungary , would one day become an eu member . 
  when this happened in 2004 , an overwhelming sense of ` arrival ' at the ` better ' part of europe took hold . 
  just like francis fukuyama many years earlier , we thought that history had ended , and liberal democracies had won the war of ideas . 
  little did we realise that the edifice constructed in the same year as his book was published may go tumbling down : half-baked solutions and hubris will end it . 
  europeans and eu institutions tend to see themselves as champions of values : human rights above commercial interests , high ethical standards that staff and politicians should respect , appreciating science above popular pressure . 
  but few think these ideals are still upheld today . 
  the eu has lost its narrative . 
  le pen is not the problem despite what most eurocrats think , the eu 's grave-diggers are not the orbans , kaczinskys and farages . 
  it 's a general disillusionment , including on the political left , as they , too , can hardly support the eu in its current form . 
  british labour 's half-hearted remain stance , renzi 's removal of the eu flag from his public appearances , the disappointment of hungarians and poles at the eu 's impotence in tackling the corruption and dismantling of democracy in their countries has sapped support . 
  the eu 's reaction has done little to demonstrate their acknowledgement of a problem , let alone their willingness or ability to fix it . 
  critics have been labelled racists or forced into a binary category of pro- or anti-european , a disgraced president is running the european commission , and citizens have been ignored when they have vetoed a new treaty , or approved brexit , or pointed out the pathetic nature of the refugee relocation scheme . 
  the real problem , however , is how shaky our european institutions are . 
  while their popularity is even higher than that of the us congress , their legitimacy is constantly challenged . 
  if a french or dutch election can call into question the sheer existence of these vanguards of european integration , we should start to doubt how strong the foundation of our system really is . 
  and the pressure is mounting . 
  we do n't need to have marine le pen elected for the euro to crumble . 
  italian banks , the european commission 's leniency about deficits , and the half-baked structure of the eurozone are enough of a deadly mix to explode just 15 years after the bridge-decorated banknotes were introduced . 
  a lesson from jobs in 1997 , steve jobs became apple 's ceo again . 
  being given the opportunity to revive an ailing company , the first thing he did was to clean up the clutter that accumulated since his dismissal : he cut out 70 percent of the products to focus on what apple did best . 
  it was painful but necessary : the alternative was bankruptcy . 
  in the eu , we are facing a similar moment . 
  we may need to go back to the pre-maastricht situation where the single market was the european communities ' objective , as that is where the european consensus is today .
