  if you do n't want your shady political plays exposed , refrain from doing it in the first place . 
  russia is still being an ass though . 
  which is why they should 've had to forethought to include it in the treaty in some way . 
  this is going to end up with the eu writing some arbitrary number on a napkin , the uk making a funny face and writing down a lower counter offer on another napkin . 
  a pay-as-you-go pension scheme where any part can withdraw is a recipe for disaster . 
  and then the uk starts seizing eu assets/building and we have a whole thing going . 
  dragging the uk to court will just intensify the shit storm . 
  here 's an idea ; if you actually want a severance package/divorce bill , perhaps you could put it into the treaty ? 
  article 50 is stupendously sparse , and could do with some more terms/companion articles to better describe how to handle the final bill for a country leaving . 
  i guess they did n't really expect a country to leave and put in a bare minumum art . 
  50 to silence any critics . 
  yeah , we had a complicated thing going at that time . 
  denmark-norway was created when the kalmar union ( established 1397 ) collapsed ( which had unified the norwegian , swedish and danish royal families into one entity ) in 1523 . 
  sweden decided to do its own thing , and norway remained a subordinate part of the danish kingdom . 
  we ( norway ) finally tried to break free in 1814 , but we were promptly handed over to sweden after denmark had sided with the losing part of the napoleon war . 
  we , yet again , unilaterally declared ourselves to be one free kingdom in 1905 , and sweden did n't really bother to challenge it at that time , due to external and economic difficulties . 
  edit : fun fact , after declaring independence in 1905 , we needed a new king . 
  that role was offered to [ christian frederik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haakon_vii_of_norway ) , prince of denmark . 
  he would only accept the role as king if the norwegian people consented . 
  a [ referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_monarchy_referendum,_1905 ) was held , and he was approved with about 79 % of the votes . 
  he is , as far as i know , one of the few if only kings to be democratically elected in modern history . 
  he became extremely important during the second world war , when he refused to turn over power to the invading german forces , even though the government wanted to do so . 
  this was recently made into a film [ the king 's choice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rntu-bcgi18 ) which i recommend to watch if you want to get a better understanding on a period which shaped the norwegian population 's close relationship to our royal family , which still is strong today . 
  time go gang up again against sweden ? 
  i do n't think they 'd see it coming . 
  denmark-norway symbolizes the dog on the left ( to the west ) and the eagle to the right ( the east ) symbolizes sweden . 
  j\u00e4mtland had a pretty weird autonomous/republic thing going on for a while , not wanting to belong to either of the two realms . 
  the dog and eagle actually refers to [ denmark-norway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denmark%e2%80%93norway ) and sweden , which at the time ( 1500s ) fought over j\u00e4mtland ( the moose ) . 
  good idea , it 's time we took [ j\u00e4mtland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%a4mtland ) and [ h\u00e4rjedalen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%c3%a4rjedalen ) back . 
  finland can have the rest . 
  there would go , only 349 something million pounds left to save for that particular week . 
  we 've outsourced the unpleasant part to a country and a leader which is willing to do what we find unthinkable , yet we berate him for his actions , the very actions which made us enlist his services to begin with . 
  i do n't support erdogan 's actions , but we ca n't keep paying others to do bidding fully knowing how vile they are , and then complain about it . 
  europe/eu is quickly loosing all influence in turkey , and neither carrot nor stick will hold erdogan in line once he has consolidated his power . 
  and he has a point . 
  we 've placed the burden of keeping the syrian refugees at bay on turkey , in return for financial aid . 
  if erdogan cancels the deal , which he probably wo n't for the time being , we 're stuck in the same shitty situation we had in 2015 . 
  orban has at least built new fences and strengthen the old ones , he 's put hungary in a position were they actually can uphold the border if need be . 
  good job trump , a bonafide dictator barrel bombing his own people has a better net approval rating than you do . 
  it should premiere sometime in the fall of this year . 
   they were never getting in , only europe 's tabloid press said that they were . 
  so stop giving the pre-accension money then . 
  you ca n't keep paying them money to help them fulfill the prerequisites to join and at the same time say they 're never gon na be let in . 
  no wonder the leave campaign 's fear mongering that turkey was going to join worked . 
  yet even with the available sticks and carrots of the eu erodgan has been rapidly turning turkey into an authoritarian regime , and will turn it into a dictatorship given enough time . 
  it 's obvious that the eu 's grip on turkey has been slipping over the last years , and there are very few tools left in the toolbox when it comes to steering turkey back on a liberal democratic path . 
  fact of the matter is that the eu wields very little power over turkey as it is , and it 's rapidly diminishing into nothing . 
  as turkey 's geopolitical importance in the region strengthens , the eu 's grip will fade even more , and turkey will in turn become a liability and a threat . 
  just give turkey 's application the coup de grace it deserves , this farce has been going on for far too long already . 
  there 's no way forcing germany to pay reparations could backfire ... 
  love the good old `` turkey is not joining the eu '' shtick whenever it 's brought up , yet they keep throwing pre accession funds at them . 
  perhaps something about his great struggle , the wish to reestablish a now defunct empire to its former glory ( ottoman ) and removal of the ethnic scurge that a certain minority represents . 
  so , there 's the moustache , jail time , and now dictator tendencies . 
  reminds me of another famous guy . 
  a norwegian website ( aldrimer.no ) that specializes in security and military matters had an interesting [ article ] ( https://www.aldrimer.no/nato-insiders-suspect-staged-turkey-coup/ ) regarding the coup in turkey based on sources inside nato . 
  aldrimer is headed by kjetil stormark , who has worked with military matters for a long time ( 20 + years ) , and has reliable sources withing norwegian intelligence , military , counter-terrorism and nato . 
  he was reportedly pressured to quit his job in another newspaper when the intelligence community got tired of all the critical articles , especially leveled against the leadership the police 's security service . 
  turkey did not [ respond well ] ( https://www.aldrimer.no/insults-against-the-president-of-turkey/ ) the the article . 
  is it just me , or does lofven appear to have [ fasd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fetal_alcohol_spectrum_disorder ) ? 
  eu : the most expensive experiment in human history . 
   there were n't even prosecuted . 
  sounds like romanian politicians , that 's for sure . 
   how would implementation of his plan actually work ? 
  a whole lot of emtpy seats in parliament and wilders running around pushing buttons during the votes ? 
   i 'd say it 's a good thing for a pm to express that sentiment . 
  fair enough , though he should n't do it by pulling numbers out his ass , if that 's what he actually did . 
  got ta love election season , bullshit all around !, 
  not much , but then again we 're not a political entity with more than half a billion in population and the world 's second largest gdp . 
  matter of fact is that the eu woefully under-performing on the geo-political arena given its size . 
  the reasons for that are many some of which are ; eu itself has too little of the power to do anything on a supra-national level , the nations within the eu itself have very different geopolitical concerns and goals and then there 's the total lack of hard power to back up any of the soft power . 
  eu should wield significant geopolitical weight given its size , and geographical position , yet it does not . 
  bad as he is , assad is still better than isis . 
  remove assad and syria collapses totally . 
  well , atleaat they 're not gon na shoot you , so that 's something . 
  and the geopolitical play keeps on , while europe is hopelessly left behind by an eu that does n't have the will or the tools/structures needed to play the game in a meaningful way . 
  you can already tell that denk will become a real pain in the ass over the next years to come . 
  good luck !, 
   to pro-gun people who feel sufficiently about this to vote for eurosceptic parties : get in touch with your meps and mps . 
  people have already written to their meps . 
  that 's the reason why certain meps have been complaining about the `` aggressive gun lobby '' trying to sway their votes . 
  i thoroughly enjoy being lectured by people who have never hold or seen a gun in real life on the perils of weapons . 
  these threads always descend into what we 're seeing right now . 
  as i said , you got some small change , and the rest of it will trigger a referendum on schengen . 
  i might actually have to vote for the anti-eea and anti-schengen party in norway this time around . 
  meh , might as well suck it up and tick the box . 
  referendum incoming . 
  that being said , i believe that they managed to get in a clause for reservists , making sure they 're not hit by many of the changes . 
   will the firearms directive be applicable in switzerland , norway , iceland and liechtenstein ? 
  yes . 
  in switzerland , in accordance with the schengen agreement between the eu , the commission and the swiss confederation . 
  in norway , iceland and liechtenstein on the basis of their association agreement with the schengen acquis . 
  once the directive is transposed into national law , the associated countries will have to notify the commission , eu member states and other associated countries . 
  [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-4465_en.htm ), 
  we 're affected as well , due to schengen . 
  we now have to implement the same shitty restrictions ( no semi-auto firearms , 10 magazine capacity max , collapsible stock , etc. ), 
  first proposed after the 22 july terrorist attacks , but that our national parliament dropped as they realized it would not deter terrorism and only put restrictions on law-abiding owners . 
  thanks eu !, 
  actually have a look at the [ statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estimated_number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ) , guns are very prevalent across europe/eu , yet there 's very little crime . 
  it 's obvious that the problem is not the rate of gun ownership , but the socioeconomic factors that influence crime . 
   but here in europe gun crimes against innocents ( non gang members , criminals ) are basically the unicorns of the violent crime category in most countries .
