  i expect the turkey-greek route to die rather quickly , and that the flood redirects via countries where the eu ca n't easily send them back to . 
  rather than focusing on the individual countries refugees embark from , we need to focus and eliminate the pull factors . 
  the eu is essentially trying to play whack-a-mole . 
  i believe the 1 for 1 swap only applies for syrian migrants , in other words 1 syrian deported to turkey leads to 1 syrian being resettled in europe from turkey . 
  goebbels would be proud . 
  edit : i 'm not comparing trump to hitler . 
  this video is well made and emotionally moves you whether you like it or not . 
  it 's simply a great piece of propaganda , whether or not you agree with the contents . 
  it 's easy , you have three options ; 1 - apply for asylum in greece . 
  2 - apply for the relocation program . 
  3 - go back from where you came . 
  would you look at that , building fences and sending people back actually works !, 
  this should come as a surprise to the naysayers . 
  they live in some of the countries in the world with the highest social mobility , they have to take most of the blame themselves . 
  they have access to cheap and sometimes free education , yet they stay isolated and become losers . 
  the eu may , ahead of this week 's summit , merge a failed policy to relocate asylum seekers from italy and greece into a broader draft agreement with turkey , according to an internal document . 
  the plan that will be discussed by eu leaders on thursday ( 17 march ) and with turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu on friday ( 18 march ) is part of a migrant swap deal with ankara , where each rejected asylum applicant in the eu would be replaced by a syrian refugee in turkey . 
  the one-page preparatory document from european council president donald tusk , seen by euobserver , suggests first using a july 2015 agreement to relocate 40,000 arriving asylum seekers from italy and greece to other eu states . 
  under that agreement , france ( 6,752 ) , germany ( 10,500 ) , and the netherlands ( 2,047 ) agreed to take in the most asylum seekers while austria and hungary settled for zero . 
  the zero figures suggest wiggle room for hungary , a staunch anti-relocation state which will only agree to a turkey deal if there are no new distribution plans . 
  once the quota is exhausted , the eu would then revert to a follow-up plan made last september to relocate an additional 120,000 people . 
  `` should the number of returns exceed the numbers provided for by these commitments , this agreement will be subject to review , '' notes the paper . 
  the scheme has had a poor track record among eu states . 
  around 850 people out of the 160,000 have been relocated since its launch , with eu leaders at the time setting a 54,000 target by september 2016 . 
  `` once the irregular crossings between turkey and the eu have come to an end , '' a `` voluntary humanitarian admission scheme '' would then kick into place , notes the document . 
  it is also unclear how many they intend to bulk swap to clear out the greek islands of irregular migrants . 
  but eu commissioner for migration dimitris avramopoulos on tuesday ( 15 march ) announced a weekly relocation target of 6,000 . 
  `` our target is to be in a position to relocate 6,000 people per week , '' he said in a visit to the unfolding humanitarian crisis at the ad-hoc refugee camp in idomeni . 
  re-balancing the plan meanwhile , eu leaders and turkey are meeting in brussels on thursday and friday to sign-off on the draft plan . 
  the eu wants to sharply reduce the number of people arriving in greece seeking asylum . 
  turkey , in exchange , will have short-term eu visa restrictions lifted on its nationals in june . 
  some $ 3 billion , plus an additional sum still to be defined , in eu money will also go to turkey to help finance humanitarian relief for 2.7 million refugees . 
  the tusk document , dated friday ( 18 march ) , says the agreement will be formulated as `` an eu-turkey statement '' . 
  in a visit to cyprus , tusk said the draft accord between turkey and the eu last week had been engineered by germany and the netherlands . 
  `` the turkish proposal worked out together with germany and the netherlands still needs to be re-balanced so as to be accepted by all 28 member states and the eu institutions , '' he said on tuesday ( 15 march ) . 
  the admission points to grievances in a draft deal that shocked some eu leaders at last week 's summit in brussels when turkey 's pm davutoglu showed up with fresh demands . 
  little . 
  most of the proposals will restrict gun ownership of certain types of firearms ( semi-automatic ) for law abiding citizens , such as hunters and sport shooters . 
  this whole thing got started after the paris attack , and the proponents of the gun ban claims that it will help reduce terrorism , even though this bill mostly affects legal gun owners . 
  democracy is fine , the problem is when the people `` vote wrong '' ... 
   how about forced integration , harsh penalties for parents of children that are born in sweden , yet dont speak swedish and things like that ? 
  in sweden ?!, 
  haha , good luck with that . 
  until recently they did n't even age test refugees . 
  you could be 45 and claim to be 16 and they would just let it slide , in order not to appear racist . 
  i do n't think you comprehend the magnitude of swedish political correctness . 
  there 's absolutely no way that could end badly ... 
  good . 
  we should n't given erdogan any easy political wins he can use to raise support at home . 
  they should be force to adopt and fulfill the ordinary set of requirements before they 're given the visa deal . 
  what are the odds that hollande will agree ? 
  and i take it that this is , at least partially , a tactic to attract voters from fn . 
   that 's not how eu works right now . . germany and france have one vote just like slovakia or estonia sigh . 
  sweden has 20 seats in the parliament , and denmark has 13 . 
  norway would be somewhere in between . 
  compare that to for example italy with 73 . 
   you are out of eu because you do n't like fisheries policies . 
  but apparently they will get reformed soon tm so we will see if they will get better that 's probably the biggest reason . 
  another reason is the fact that we 'd prefer to have our own currency . 
  it 's important to be able to control your currency when 50 % of your economy is based on exporting petroleum products . 
  the price drop in oil has hit us hard , but devaluation of our krone has soften the blow considerably . 
  most of us are pretty pleased that we never joined . 
   if the eu gets its shit together then norwegians might change their mind honestly , i have a really hard time seeing how a eu membership could ever become tempting for norway . 
  sure , we would actually get to vote on legislation we 're forced to adopt , but we 'd get pretty marginalized due to our small size compared to for example germany and france . 
  well , norway is n't in the eu , and we did have two referendums on joining , both where pretty close but we turned down membership both times . 
  the two largest parties , labour and conservative both want to join , but polls show that currently about 70-75 % are opposed to joining , so i find it highly unlikely that anyone will press for a third referendum any time soon . 
  the norwegian public sees little to no reason to join the eu . 
  the deal is never going to work . 
  the flow will shift somewhere else , and i doubt we can even get v4 on board with any relocations . 
  the eu needs to make itself less attractive to migrants , that 's the only way the curb the influx . 
  if the last six months are anything to go by , she wo n't change her stance no matter what happens . 
  nah , they 'll do what they always do ; pour some glue into the widening cracks and call it a day . 
   why do n't the economic migrants go back ? 
  they have probably invested a good chunk of their money in getting to europe . 
  there might also be a case of shame if they were to return without making it to europe . 
  i 've read several interviews with rejected asylum seekers in norway dreading to go back , citing that it will be shameful on them and their families . 
   has anyone given them honest information about the situation ? 
  hard to say , it looks like a lot of them have no idea what 's going on . 
  both . 
  i do n't care for strawberry . 
  honestly , it seems like they say that about any policy that does n't involve letting migants go and do whatever they please . 
   one condom costs the same as one ice cream . 
  would you rather lick a condom or an ice cream ? 
  what flavour is it ? 
  he 'll just use catapults to throw aid packages over the 40 feet tall fence separating greece from the rest of the continent . 
  merkel seems to think it 's a solution . 
  i do n't agree , but she 's insisting on striking a deal with turkey . 
  both . 
  merkel has been pursuing the turkey solution for the last months . 
  orban & co just threw a wrench into the machinery . 
  every eu crisis demands a sacrifice , and it 's easier kicking the country already lieing down . 
  jesus , austria and v4 is collectively screwing merkel over . 
  kind of fun to see actually . 
  brussels will propose centralising control of asylum claims in the eu as part of a radical overhaul of refugee policy in response to europe 's biggest migration crisis since the second world war . 
  news of the sweeping initiative from the european commission risks inflaming eurosceptic sentiment in britain ahead of the eu referendum in june , with critics likely to see it as a further power grab by brussels . 
  the commission has gone to great pains to hold back new rules that could alienate british voters . 
  but the commission 's decision to present its asylum initiative ahead of a summit of eu leaders on march 17 is a measure of how concerns over migration have trumped concerns about brexit in brussels -- a reality that uk officials faced repeatedly during mr cameron 's `` new settlement '' negotiation last year . 
  the commission is examining ways to overhaul the bloc 's rules on who is responsible for asylum claims after the system collapsed amid an influx of 1.3 m applications in 2015 . 
  under the current system , known as the `` dublin regulation '' , refugees have to claim asylum in the first eu country they enter . 
  that heaps pressure on the countries at the eu 's borders , such as greece and italy , but shields others that are further away .
