  she 's chronically late when ever she takes eu wide action and seems to have little regard for the opinions of other member state . 
  she colluded with turkey to be able to present the turkey deal at the summit , totally bypassing the rest of the members . 
  and when the perceived invitation backfired as everyone wanted to go to germany , merkel started pressing on for forced quotas , forcing countries to accept migrants that do n't want to live there . 
  merkel handled the situation in the worst possible way . 
  first she does nothing , then she does something incredibly stupid and then she insists all other must partake and share the burden she only made worse . 
  she shunned hungary when it built fences and austria when it facilitated the closure of the balkan route . 
  she had no proposals to actually solve the problems , just attempts at reducing the burden to germany by forcing through a quota sharing scheme . 
  they know that there is not enough popular support to do it the other way . 
  as usual they elect to implement irreversible policies and say we have no other choice but to push more integration when they fail . 
  just like when germany had it with the number of refugees and decided it was time to share them with the rest of europe . 
  in the name of solidarity of course . 
  there was no evidence of solidarity on merkel 's part when italy and greece was struggling with migrants years before the crisis blew up . 
  well done , sweden !, 
  worst in the class . 
  yeah , but that 's for like pensions and stuff , not jet fuel . 
   just about everyone who wanted to make the euro happen are also people who want the integration necessary to make the euro work . 
  perhaps the integration should have been sorted out before/as the euro was introduced ? 
  i 'm getting tired of an union that is supported and built by ad-hoc ductaped solutions to problems that were long identified but not addressed until they had no other choice . 
  would n't it have been better just not mention the triplet part , and quietly replace the one running two times during the marathon . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.udi.no/en/statistics-and-analysis/statistics/asylsoknader-etter-statsborgerskap-og-maned-2015/ ) are the numbers for 2015 . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.udi.no/en/statistics-and-analysis/statistics/asylum-applications-lodged-in-norway-by-citizenship-and-month-2016/ ) you can see jan to july for 2016 . 
  tldr : syrian and afghani represented 56 % of aplicants in 2015 , and 30 % thus far in 2016 . 
  almost all syrians are granted asylum , whilst only 19 % of afghans are granted asylum . 
  the percentage of syrian asylum grants was expected to be much lower , as a large amount came via russia . 
  sadly russia refuses to take them back , even tough we have signed several border treaties that stipulate that denied asylum seekers are to be returned to russia or norway depending on which country they crossed via . 
  edit : we also used to be a pretty popular destination for iraqi asylum seekers . 
  they mostly stopped coming when they realized we 'd just fly them back to baghdad the next week . 
  huh , we deny 96 % of all iraqi applicants . 
  if we exclude those who are denied because of being registered in other dublin countries and such , the deny rate drops to 90 % . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.udi.no/en/statistics-and-analysis/statistics/asylum-decisions-by-citizenship-and-outcome-2016/ ) you can find the raw numbers . 
  the [ norwegian ] ( https://www.udi.no/statistikk-og-analyse/statistikk/asylvedtak-etter-statsborgerskap-og-utfall-2016/ ) version of the same page contains percentages . 
  the column `` innvilgelsesandel realitetsbehandlet '' shows how many received some sort of asylum after having their application actually reviewed , those with outbound dublin transfers are not counted . 
  `` innvilgelsesandell alle '' shows the percentage of all applicants given some sort of asylum . 
  i hope we have the money to actually fly them once they 're delivered ... 
  and here in norway the opposition is loosing its marbles because unemployment is up to a staggering 4.6 % . 
  wait , does he mean that they 'll trigger article 50 in 2018 , or that they 'll trigger article 50 in late 2016 , and that the 2 year negotiating time frame ends around late 2018 ? 
  surely it must be the latter . 
  we simply do n't know yet . 
  they might grandfather current owners , ensuring that those you purchased semi automatics within a certain deadline is exempt . 
  alternatively , they can demand that any current owner of a semi automatic firearm capable of holding a magazine with a greater capacity greater than 20 rounds hand in their guns within a set time limit . 
  i agree , but it 's a great way to piss off an alienate another demographics . 
  i use a semi automatic rifle for hunting . 
  it allows me to quickly place a `` follow up shot '' if the first one was n't a good hit . 
  a manual reload/cambering of a new round would in most cases mean that the animal is out of sight or range . 
  in norway you can , currently , purchase large capacity magazines without a permit or without registering them . 
  you can use them while hunting , but only if the magazine has 2 rounds loaded at any time . 
  the problem with the current text is that it 's very open to interpretation . 
  one , fair , interpretation is that magazines in excess of 20 rounds are banned , another possible interpretation is that any gun capable of accepting a magazine in excess of 20 rounds is banned . 
  i have no doubt that the commission and some national parliaments will interpret the rule in such a way that any semi automatic gun with detachable magazine is banned . 
   a semi auto that required you to eject magazin and re-attach after 20 using an internal counter and interlock i do n't know of any semi-automatic gun that is capable of doing this ? 
  this particular `` solution '' would still turn millions of people who legally purchased semi automatic guns into criminals overnight . 
  and yet the same politicians seem baffled when it comes to the reason of increasing eu skepticism . 
  so that would effectively mean that any semi automatic rifle than can accept a non-attached magazine would be banned . 
  this effectively bans more or less any semi automatic long firearm . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if the voting meps understand the extent of their vote . 
  edit : another thing the worries me is a slippery slope of sorts . 
  the proposed changes to the firearms directive was pushed trough after the bataclan attack . 
  what happens when there is another terrorist attack that leaves tens of people killed ? 
  some eu politicians will take another look at the gun laws and conclude that they are n't strict enough and even further restrict access to firearms . 
  i have no reason to believe that a magazine restriction will hamper terrorist 's attacks . 
  they do n't care about laws or rules and can easily smuggle complete firearms or parts into the eu through the porous border . 
  this change will only serve to turn millions of people who legally purchased firearms and parts into criminals overnight as their weapons are declared illegal and no compensation will be payed . 
  apply the rule evenly to all countries , and not just to the small ones without the political leverage to pressure their way out of sanctions . 
  knowing our police ; probably . 
  our `` normal '' police is pretty chill , but they picked a fight against the pu ( the police 's foreign service ) . 
  they 're tasked with transporting criminals and those sentenced to expulsion . 
  they 've been under un scrutiny several times due to their methods and possible human rights violations . 
  they usually show up unannounced in the middle of the night , picks up whomever is to be transported out of the country giving them 10 minutes to pack up . 
  some politicians have compared their modus operandi to that of the gestapo , a bit of a hyperbole , but they 're pretty firm when it comes to dealing with people . 
  yep . 
  our government knows that there 's not enough support to join the eu , the latest polls show 70 % opposed . 
  the best thing they can hope for know is that we get to keep our favorable deal with the eu . 
  the current thinking is that our deal is pretty good since efta is comprised of relatively small countries , it makes little sense for the eu to change the current framework . 
  including uk in efta might make the eu look closer at the conditions and make changes . 
  there 's also a worry that uk will become to dominant in efta and overrule the smaller countries . 
  more like gove tried to underwood his way to the role of prime minister , eliminating johnson on the way and then falling flat on his face when his backstabbing turned out to be unpopular . 
  i guess may is gon na give the job of negotiating an exit to someone from the leave camp . 
  as soon as she triggers article 50 that is . 
  it 's entirely the fault of the voters . 
  they vote for something they do n't fully understand and get mad when they see what they voted for . 
  the problem is that this lends itself very well to the eu skeptics . 
  i 'd much rather have a system that was less indirect , most people find it hard enough to understand the direct implications of their vote , let alone the indirect consequences . 
  they parties either have to get better at showcasing what a vote for them would mean in practice , both in terms of policies as well as important eu positions . 
  or we have to rework the way presidents are elected to make sure that people do n't feel snubbed when they end up with someone they did n't want yet the person in question claims they had the support of the voter . 
  i 'm fully aware of the fact the juncker was epp 's candiate from the get go . 
  the problem is that epp is a collection of national parties , and not a pan-eu party . 
  the same goes for the other party blocks as well . 
  i do n't think most of those who voted for their `` national '' epp part ( y/ies ) knew that they would end up with juncker . 
  the way the presidents are elected is so far removed from national politics that voters usually have no idea who they 're indirectly voting for . 
  i believe that part needs to be reformed in some way . 
  i 'm not really sure how , but it needs to be addressed . 
  the fact that people end up seeing people they 've never even heard of being elected president indirectly by their vote adds fuel to the eu skeptics . 
  sorry about that . 
  i was mostly referring to jean claude junker , president of the commission . 
  he 's the one that has , mostly , been the focus of the attacks on `` uncollected '' officials . 
  if she ends up winning without a party vote that 's due to how things played out , not due to how the rules and structures surrounding the party leader works . 
  the eu president is `` unelected '' due to how the election process work . 
  he or she does n't end up as the only candidate by a series of unlikely events . 
  well , the police did strip them naked , have them bend over a mirror and cough . 
  they got thrown in solitary for the night with nothing but a blanket .
