  the fact that they 've been in norway since the 60s and have children and grandchildren probably contributes to a pretty good integration . 
  i do however worry for the somalis , they 've got a tendency to drop out of school early and somali women partake much less in higher education than other muslim communities in norway , hopefully it evens out over a few generations , but it 's still a long time to wait and hope for good results . 
  edit : i should probably loop back around on to the actual subject of veils/hijabs among children . 
  we 're currently having a debate in norway about banning the use of religious symbols in elementary and middle school ( it 's mostly about hijabs , but we ca n't really discriminate ) , and a cross party group made up by influential politicians on the left and centre surprisingly came out in support of such a ban , which is interesting since they 've spent the last 15 years calling all such proposals made by our `` far '' - right party ( frp ) racist and basically nazism . 
  our biggest party ( the labor party ) did a complete 180 in the span of 3-5 months last summer , going from wanting to accept large amounts of syrian refugees to calling for a big reduction in the flow of asylum seekers , they were suddenly claiming that their immigration policy was at least as strict as that of frp . 
  ah yes , integration is working wonderfully . 
  one if his books has the title `` making globalization work '' . 
  he has , literally , written a book about some of the inherent problems of globalism , how it causes disruption in highly developed countries , drives wages down and contributes to world wide income inequality . 
  he also addresses the problem with taxation in economies where capital can flow freely from highly taxed countries into tax free havens . 
  i have no idea , i do n't really know any somalis . 
  i know quite a lot of norwegian-pakistanis and norwegian-iranians and they 're not much different from the ethnic norwegians i know . 
  my views are probably a bit skewed , since all i know are highly educated and none of them are very religious . 
  they celebrate id , but more as a cultural event than a religious one , a bit like a lot of us celebrate christmas . 
  truth be told , he has been talking about the problems associated with globalism and the euro for quite a while now . 
  that 's not to say that he is not also interested in promoting his new book , but his views have been pretty much the same the last decade . 
  we see some of the same patterns here in norway . 
  hijabs are uncommon among women that are descendants of pakistani migrants ( most came in the 60-80s to work ) , whilst almost all somalis and descendants of somalis wear hijabs or burqas , the latter being pretty rare . 
   implying that has n't always been the case ? 
  it 's not a new thing , but the climate between turkey and the west has definitely gotten much worse since the coup . 
  i never said they had a candidate in the second round . 
  but it 's obvious that the ruling parties need to address immigration and the potential turkish entry into the eu given the fp\u00d6 strong performance in the polls , h\u00f6fer has a real shot at becoming president . 
  the change in tone from the government in austria over the last year has been striking . 
  they went from berating hungary for building a fence to setting up a `` structural barrier '' themselves and austria played an instrumental role in shutting down the balkan route . 
  they 're obviously trying to counter-act the growth of fp\u00d6 by mimicking some of its politics . 
  this is really getting out of hand , we 've descended into shit flinging politics . 
  presidential election . 
  based on rumors and inside sources , may initally planned to trigger article 50 late 2016 , and thus pull the uk out somewhere around 2018/2019 . 
  apparently getting a brexit focused department in order , hiring all the people needed to negotiate an exit agreement as well as problems getting the scotts aboard , meant that may needed another half a year to get everything in order . 
  early to mid 2017 seems like the most likely time frame for an a50 right now . 
   this is very good news if this is the truth . 
  well , it would indicate that the us feels turkey is unsafe and wants to pull the plug . 
  that 's hardly a good sign . 
  it 's yet another example of the eu limiting the states options , either by treaty or by the nature of the eu . 
  we need to sort the south 's growth problems out , and it needs to happens quickly . 
  we either have to allow states to subsidize domestic production for a limit time , or they have to leave the euro . 
  two of the most important mechanisms states have , currency devaluation and subsidies/tariffs , have been handed off to a super national organization . 
  it definitely can , if the spending stimulates the economy . 
  the problem them becomes turning the stimulus into lasting growth , and not just a one time effect . 
  italy has already enacted large structural reforms , but the growth is still pitiful , a stimulus package might get the ball rolling . 
  we 're gon na need a bigger wall . 
  do n't worry , more austerity will fix it !, 
  all hail giant panda !, 
  this perfectly sums up my current view on the eu . 
   [ on brexit ] i think an example of that kind of rigidity that we saw after was european commission president jean-claude juncker 's response to the question of what kind of negotiated agreement [ would occur . ], 
  his response was in part , `` we 're going to be very , very , very tough with the uk , because we want to make sure that no one else leaves . '' but [ member states ] should believe that the eu and the euro zone are bringing such benefits that no one would want to leave !, 
  if the only way you can get people to stay in is to say , `` if you leave things will be so miserable . 
  we caught you in a cage and we 're not going to let you out , '' that 's not a way you sell . 
  well , the eu-turkey relationship sure is n't getting better . 
  german and turkish officials are badmouthing each other constantly and austria threatens to veto any new turkish eu membership accession chapters . 
  there 's already a fence between greece and turkey that blocks the land route and between bulgaria and turkey . 
  the main issue is that some of the greek islands are located so closely to turkish coast that it 's close to impossible to intercept the boats without turkish help . 
  look at the location of chios and lesbos relative to the turkish mainland . 
  bottom line : we ca n't keep migrants from getting into greece , but we can stop them from getting out of greece . 
  but , i was told that the eu would grant europe powers on the world stage ? 
  that if we were just sovereign nations we would n't be able to fend for ourselves and would be pushed around by greater powers . 
   these are ahmadiyya muslims , they are a sect who most other muslims do n't consider to be muslims . 
  every year norwegian newspapers make a big deal out of a group of muslims picking up fireworks and other trash after the new year 's eve celebrations in oslo . 
  the fact that the same muslims are part of a minute , and often shunned sect by other muslims , is often left out . 
  i 'm not detracting from the amazing job they do every year , but it feels a lot like the newspapers are telling half lies . 
  the same sect needs security outside their oslo mosque to ensure their safety . 
  the police regularly visits `` mainstream '' mosques in oslo telling the praying to stop harassing the ahmadiyya muslims . 
  they started doing that after a particularly bad string of assaults against ahmadiyya muslims by mainstream muslims some years ago . 
  it looks to be working , but police uses the term `` tolerated '' when talking about how the group is treated by a lot of other muslims , so the peace/ceasefire seems pretty fragile . 
  tactical nukes are n't used as deterents , strategic nukes are . 
  tactical nukes are to be used against small targets , usually enemy forces . 
  they 're small and have a low range . 
  strategic nukes can hit any point on the earth 's surface and are targeted for maximum effect , taking out population centeres and command posts . 
  using strategic nukes basically ensures the total destruction of the world , while it is possible that a tactical nuke would not lead to the same escalation . 
  tactical nukes are viable as a limited effect weapon . 
  it does carry the risk of successive escalation ending in mutual destruction , so we 'll probably never see them in use , but there 's a slim chance . 
   how is it posturing ? 
  they were offered something -- visa-free access -- that i think many people , including myself , suspect was not a good-faith offer . 
  i do n't think that it 's unrealistic to expect them to kill the deal . 
  it was made very clear in the text of the deal that turkey had to live up to certain obligations to obtain visa free access for its citizens . 
  passports need to be tightly controlled and fulfill a minimum standard to ensure that counterfeits are difficult to produce for example . 
  turkey has yet to meet the requirements in their entirety , and the commission has made it clear that no visa free access will be given until turkey lives up to the standards imposed on all other countries with visa free access . 
  turkey has instead of implementing the missing pieces decided to use threats to get its way . 
  knowing the pressure europe , and especially germany , would be put under if the deal fails , i suspect the eu will eventually fold if turkey really starts unleashing the migrants . 
  it 's either that or fencing in greece . 
  yeah , they 've been awfully mouthy since the coup . 
  not really sure if it 's just posing , or if they 're realigning in terms of foreign policy . 
  turkey , it 's simple . 
  either you adhere to the visa waiver requirements that you accepted when you signed the deal , and get visa free travel for turkish citizens , or shut up . 
  let me guess , germany is going to say no ? 
  renzi : perhaps you should focus on the structural reforms first ? 
  italian economy is , in part , performing poorly because it 's in dire need of reforms , but that 's not going to be popular and you have a referendum coming soon . 
  well , he left nothing behind so he did succeed . 
  i 'm not familiar with the relevant eu regulations , can sweden unilaterally ban these lobsters ? 
  or is it an eu level competency ? 
  on the other hand , they 're white so screening based on colour is going to be much less problematic to the radical left . 
  flair checks out . 
  trick question , it 's always soros . 
  what about homo globalismus ? 
  we obviously need a new race of humans , a race that feels no belonging to nation states , has unwavering belief in the european project , categorically despises referendums and willingly ignores the mistakes of corrupt politicians . 
  the race shall be known as `` homo europeus '' . 
   the only people with the recources to handle this issue are national governments themselves . 
  and the national governments are hampered when it comes to what sort of monetary and financial policies they can employ thanks to the euro and regulations regarding gdp-to-debt ratio and budget surplus , and regulations that prohibit any sort of policies that would give domestic industry an unfair advantage . 
  we 're stuck in a situation where the eu does n't have the tools it needs to address the issue on a eu level , whilst national governments are unable to enact certain policies since they 're prohibited from doing so by eu regulations . 
  the eu either has to give more power back to individual nations as to how they run their economy , or the eu has to be given a bigger budget . 
  we 're seeing the exact same issue when it comes to migrants .
