  the funny thing is that the current text makes it legal to own 10 + magazines , provided that you do n't own a compatible gun . 
  i can in other words own as many ak47 30 round magazines as i want , provided that my gun ( s ) do not accept them . 
  the proposal is an utter disgrace , it 's so badly worded that i do n't think it will be possible to implement it in practice . 
  i tried to contact many meps about these particular issues , almost none answered back . 
  2 said they 'd look into it , and never replied to my follow up mail , 2 said that they were aware of it and wanted to table amendments to the proposal to fix it , and 4 wrote back and asked me and `` the angry pro-gun lobby '' to stay away . 
  same goes for norway . 
  do you know what infuriates me the most ? 
  we had this particular discussion nationally after the 22 july terrorist attacks , where the attacker used a legally purchased firearm to do the killings . 
  after much debate , the political parties voted heavily in favor of keeping the current laws , as our politicians correctly identified that any magazine restriction would be pointless , as there are millions of unregistered 10 + round magazines in circulation . 
  banning these would not deter terrorists , but simply serve to limit law-abiding citizens . 
  now , after terrorists use illegally purchased firearms , we 're being forced to implement the same things we rejected years ago . 
   seems pretty straight forward to me , more than 10 round = illegal it 's not that simple . 
  i own several 10 round magazines , they are marked as 10 round magazines and were sold as 10 round magazines . 
  over time the wear and tear has made the spring less `` springy '' , and i can now insert 11 rounds into two of them and 12 into one of them . 
  the magazines function and the gun cycles with 11 and 12 rounds in the 10 round magazines . 
  am i in violation of the law by owning these worn , legally purchased and marketed as 10 round magazines ? 
  or are the only illegal if i insert 11 or more rounds into them ? 
  if they 're illegal due to wear and tear , when do i have to throw them away ? 
  what if they 're , unbeknownst to me , worn to such a degree that i can insert 11 or more rounds ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.ar15.com/forums/t_8_9/510102_first_loophole_found___458_socom_10_round_magazines____.html ) another example . 
  i can legally purchase a 10 round socom 458 magazine , but it turns out that the same magazine can be inserted with more than 10 rounds of 223 , and then be inserted into my 223 rifle . 
  am i in violation of the law by simply owning a 10 round magazine ? 
  it 's obvious that the rules and regulations are written by people that a ) have no idea how gun works and have never used one , and b ) that they do n't care how they proposed regulations affect lawful hunters and shooters . 
  i can guarantee that the terrorist wo n't take notice of the new regulations . 
  so , how about you delete some debt germany , instead of insisting on new debt ? 
  probably not gon na happen in an election year . 
  so , boost for le pen or not ? 
  fuck off , erdogan !, 
  quickly , make them borrow more money to pay their increasing debts !, 
  the ez to the rescue !, 
  truth be told , most of the national politicians were elected to serve their people the best , and not on some give it all for the eu platform . 
   european leader summit in 6 days , expect : nothing , zero , squat , same old . 
  expect a post summit document containing the phrases/words `` progress is being made '' , `` stability of the ez '' , `` growth and prosperity '' and `` tackling the great challenges through cooperation for the common good '' . 
  yet everything will remain the same , as is usual . 
  we 've already had close to a year , fuck all has happened . 
  the nature of eu is to kick the can further down the road every time a crisis happens . 
  it 's all about slapping some tape on the leaking dam and calling it a day, 
  the good old bitch-slap greeting , practiced since ancient times in luxembourg . 
  seriously juncker , get a grip . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  germany 's greatest weakness : german engineering . 
  i 'll still get told off by people with eu and german flairs for saying that . 
  euro is shitty , who would 've thought . 
  it 's a good thing then that schengen nations are allowed to have permanently guarded border crossings to stop them !, 
  oh , wait , we outlawed those !, 
  it 's good we have the eu , that way we wo n't be pushed around by stronger foreign powers !, 
  turns out we ca n't even handle fucking libya ... 
  let 's keep calling the populist 's ideas unworkable , un-european and illegal for decades only to implement them decades later when we 're about to lose our jobs . 
  no thank you , if i want populist policies i 'd rather vote for the real deal and not the ones who made a complete 180 in the last year . 
  yeah . 
  four pretty uneventful years , listhaug is basically the only interesting thing that happened . 
  also the legalization of segways !, 
  you 're right !, 
  i actually forgot about that . 
  not that it really matters . 
  we already have a government made up of the populist party and the conservative party , not much changed . 
  norwegian politics is rather boring , though our eea membership might actually become a hot topic this year , which could lead to some interesting developments . 
  sure . 
  however , those do n't threaten to topple the whole house of cards . 
  dutch elction in march . 
  french in april and may . 
  german election in september, 
  i wish these guys worried about losing their jobs more often , it certainly makes them very productive , we could actually make the eu useful . 
  we 're also planning on getting to 2 % by 2020 , we 've already increased spending the last two years and will continue doing so on a yearly basis until the 2 % threshold is met . 
  know the feel . 
  i get queasy if i eat breakfast . 
  that being said , i also feel sick if i do n't eat anything for breakfast . 
  could be . 
  hungry people get cranky , and cranky people might vote to leave / s, 
  it wo n't happen . 
  our constitution is very clear , norway is a free , indivisible country . 
  you ca n't chop off a piece and hand it over to another country , that 's the whole point of that particular part of the constitution . 
  it looks like pvv will end up as the biggest party . 
  yet , whether wilders makes to into government remains to be seen , there are other possible coalitions without pvv , but they 're big and rather messy . 
  and both groups are equally wrong . 
  eu is not the root of all evil , nor is it the cure for all evil . 
  breakfast is an opportunity to pull europe closer together , eu 's top negotiator guy verhofstadt says . 
  not surprising for a guy who pushes an ever closer eu as a solution to every imaginable problem . 
  huh , must be election season again . 
  hmm . . that 's actually i bet i 'd take . 
  here we go . 
  expect sanctions to be dropped by mid 2017 . 
  the oil fund is entirely funded by oil money . 
  the oil companies , both foreign and international apply for licenses to drill on the norwegian shelf . 
  they in return pay 78 % in taxes on the profits . 
  to make sure that politicians dont spend the money at once ( dutch disease ) , we funnel all the money into the oil fund which invest it into stocks , real estate and bond across the world . 
  current estimates say that the oil fund will generate about 4 % return each year ( after inflation ) , which is the amount the government is allowed to withdraw each year . 
  in norway we interchangeable refer to the oil fund as the `` oil fund '' and the `` pension fund '' . 
  the actual name in norwegian translates to `` the pension fund - abroad '' . 
  the whole history of the name is long and complicated , but the bottom line is that that oil fund is supposed to cover the expenses of the norwegian state as the oil income drops . 
  at the current value , 4 % of the fund represents about 25 % of the states total expenditure . 
  the actual pension money is invested in the `` folketrygdfondet '' , which is `` only '' at 202 billion nok ( 22 billion euro ) . 
  the norwegian state pensions are funded on a yearly basis , which means that every year the government calculates the amount of money they have to pay for that year , allocates that , and spends the rest of the money on `` fun stuff '' . 
  as the population grows older , the ratio of pension money compared to the rest of the budget grows , and they 'll have to put aside more money for pensions . 
  by 2050-2060 , most of the yearly `` payments '' of the oil fund will be used to cover pension payments , since `` folketrygdfondet '' wo n't cover it all . 
  edit : u/theendgame corrected me . 
  the tax rate for offshore companies searching for oil and gas is 78 % on profits , and not revenues , with similar levels of deductions for search/exploration costs . 
  i 'd like to point out that stavanger is the `` oil capital '' of norway . 
  it 's basically norway on steroids in terms of oil wealth . 
  golf and tennis courses are n't really the norm in norway , at least not on the `` weiterf\u00fchrende '' school i went to , which was one of the best in my fylke ( vereinigte staaten ) .
