  i think is shameful that they only take us seriously after the great upsets in western politics . 
  to me it seems more like they shift their positions out of necessity and not out of understanding or any real wish to improve the situations . 
  basically : politicians are gon na politic , no matter what . 
  the visa waiver is not going to help if it 's ever implemented . . 
  the bookies had brexit pegged at about 30 % right before the vote and trump at low 20 % if i 'm not mistaken . 
  it seems totally unreasonable to give le pen such a high chance to win . 
  remember that odds are not just a product of the estimated chance of something occurring . 
  bookies adjust money according to the inflow of money . 
  they 'll cut the odds for a le pen win if money pours in betting on le pen . 
  i personally think that the implicit chance of a le pen win is way lower than the 35-45 % range given by bookies . 
  i 'd personally put it at 15-25 %, 
  that is exactly my point . 
  people have been pointing out that globalisation has lead to problems and most establishment politicians have been yapping on about the great wonders of global trade and totally disregarded the problems as transient or simply ascribed to a tiny disgruntled part of the population . 
  now that the global order has been shaken by brexit and trump they 're suddenly all ears . 
  do n't do have any shame ? 
   the dream of nordic union does n't necessarily have to be opposed to the dream of unified europe , though . 
  one of the ways to break the current deadlock and actually integrate people more is by fostering the creation of country unions within the eu , such as the nordic union , the benelux , the v4 ( + slovenia and croatia , possibly to make v6 ) , baltic union and so on . 
  quick questions , but probably with a long answers . 
  how would the current treaties treat two or more countries creating inter-eu federations/unions ? 
  would we vote as one block ? 
  norway is currently not in eu and thus not ellgible to elect or be presented by meps in the european parliament , would the scandinavian block be allocated a larger amounts of representatives ? 
  would norway have to implement the directives and treaties that currently do not apply to us as we 're not full members ? 
  we 're not gon na say yes to giving up a national fishery policy for instance , one of the reason we did n't join in the first place . 
   and then have the eu as the confederation on top of those that handles certain matters , like unified foreign policy and trade , internal and external , while most of the rest is left to the country blocks . 
  we would not give up trade policy , fishery policy , foreign policy and anything relating to oil or what we in norway refer to as `` district polices '' ie : any policy we use to ensure that our northern parts do n't become totally depopulated . 
  i do n't really think we 're a good prospective member right now simply because the current eu framework does n't fit out national interests . 
  we 'd have to give away to much control and be unable to steer vital national interests . 
  our politicians are already pretty angry that we had to change our laws and regulation regarding mail on account of being member of the internal market . 
  currently the cost of sending letters is the same no matter were they 're sent from and where they 're going . 
  a national postal monopoly was established to ensure that private cooperation did n't skim the milk and only service routes along densely populated areas . 
  the postal policies enacted by the eu might serve countries such as luxembourg , germany , belgium , france and the netherlands good , but its not a good fit for a sparsely populated long country with great distances between population centers . 
  all these european politicians coming out with their new found wisdom . 
  too bad all it took was brexit and trump winning . 
  which is a damn shame , seeing as the whole of europe is not in the european union . 
  not every member of the eu is even committed to the same ideals , road-map or vision of what it will become . 
  the fact that top politicians of the eu is trying to say the europe equals eu and vice versa is nothing more than a smokescreen and an attempt at making the eu indispensable . 
  well , it 's not mine . 
  the fact that your europe is built on an increasingly unstable , internally bickering and indecisive bureaucratic monster should cause you some concern . 
  a small collection of islands with a permanent seat on the un security council , a large economy , its own nuclear weapons program and the de defacto lingua franca as their native language . 
  get over yourself . 
  the uk will prosper outside the eu no matter what sort of grudges the remaining member wish to play out in the negotiations ahead . 
   perhaps you should have a little more confidence in yourselves . 
  the whole narrative pushed by the eu and its supporters revolve around us becoming third world countries perpetually at war with each other and with no international significance if the eu breaks up . 
  the time of central intra-european wars are over no matter the existence of the eu or not . 
  no surprise there . 
  we 're all located on the periphery and do n't really have close links to the heart of europe , perhaps with the exception of denmark . 
  scandinavia is an interesting story by itself . 
  we 're a set of countries with similar culture , history and language . 
  there were several attempts at unifying scandinavia under one banner , both peacefully and by force . 
  the most modern attempt is the nordic council , which does include more countries but the intention remains the same . 
  i 'd much rather be in a nordic union were the population not only share a common culture and history , but also have similar enough languages that we can communicate without much trouble . 
  if the european union ever falls apart i fully expect scandinavia/the nordics to move ahead with a nordic/scandinavian federation . 
  we 'd be represent a large economy , a set of countries already highly linked/intertwined and our political priorities align pretty well . 
  the friction between the countries would be much less than what we see within the european union today . 
  i should probably have written `` i view my self as a european , also . '', 
  i view my self as a european . 
  i was born in , grew up in and will probably die in europe . 
  i view myself , in descending order , as a norwegian , a scandinavian , and then the rather nebulous and hard to define `` european '' . 
  jesus , stop equating the eu to europe . 
  we 're a continent , and europe will remain europe until continental drift decides otherwise . 
  start listening to the disgruntled population instead of huddling together with the rest of the establishment . 
  edit : added an `` a '' to `` we 're continent '' . 
  i 'm gon na miss angry renzi lashing out at everyone , especially germany, 
  it does n't have to be a horrible experience . 
  provided that crossings are sized according to the traffic and well manned , screening can take a matter of seconds . 
  it 's more complicated and time consuming to check goods crossing, 
  the fear is that it 's going to restart hostilities and terrorist actions . 
  enforcing borders does n't bode well for those who hope to one day see a unified ireland . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure it will all get better once erodgan cam reign supreme . 
  well , it gets cheaper for tourists at least . 
  and when you though people possible could n't bash germany more for being in charge . 
  we have some lovely pultost we can donate !, 
  the clever politicians thought they could get away with the popular monetary union without implementing the politically unfeasible monetary union . 
  they 're also working on a special latvian version of the new lada , it runs on grief , despair and no potato . 
  the sad thing about this is that it was completely avoidable . 
  economists warned about the dangers of a monetary union without a proper fiscal framework for years before the euro was introduced . 
  the politicians ignored the warnings and pressed on with the ambitious project . 
  they 've now invested so much political capital into the euro that they ca n't go back on it . 
  i fully expect that a new financial meltdown like the one we saw in 2008/2009 will kill off the eurozone . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  you have to empty the atms , refill them with the new currency , exchange any electronic money into the new currency and so on . 
  all this has to be done in complete secrecy to avoid a bank run . 
  the relevant treaties should have had this possibility in mind and created a set of tools and procedures to eject a country from the ez . 
  of course the hubris got to them , and they thought the euro would be forever . 
  ah yes , that must be why se has had to live with a currency that has strangled their economies since 2008 . 
  a single currency wo n't work well for a diverse set of countries without fiscal transfers . 
  how do you even leave the ez ? 
  it 's designed to be a one way street with no reasonable way out . 
  must be the long awaited new lada model , rumors has it that it runs on potato peels . 
  say hello to ms5 . 
  2016 has been an absolutely horrible year for the eu . 
  well , i still enjoyed it !, 
  we 'll know by the time the results are in , no ? 
  to answer your question , the polls are somewhat in favour of `` no '' , albeit there is a large `` do n't know '' group which will decide the outcome . 
  edit : sorry , i misunderstood what you were asking about . 
  the question whether or not italians support renzi renaming pm even if losing the referendum is better answered by an italian . 
  that being said , the referendum has evolved into also being a vote of no-confidence in the goverment 's policies . 
  i ca n't really see him staying if he loses this referendum , he has spent far too much capital to remain in the event of a `` no '' vote . 
  i expect him to go the same way as cameron . 
  multilateralism , as in several/multiple countries and not multiculturalism .
