  a breakdown of the eu will see the parties rebrand and retool the nordic council into an union of sorts , the scope of which will be determined by individual nations needs and external factors . 
   why does there need to be blocks , why not individual governments with their individual values and policies , but with very deep single market , maybe throw in a deeper defensive military within the framework of nato . 
  which leaves the flexibility of teaming up for expeditions or staying out of excursions . 
  because regions will , due to their geographic , historical and cultural proximity and similarity be facing the same external pressures . 
  germany , netherlands , belgium and luxemburg do n't worry about russia the way for example poland and finland do . 
  the blocks will develop around areas and countries that historically have shared the same fates . 
  scandinavia/the nordics will bind together because they 've got close cultural , historical , economic and language ties . 
  they do n't really care about that same things as italy or spain do , so why would they reenter a system that requires them to share the same laws and regulations ? 
  france will carve out its own block to serve as a counter weight to the new german-dominated block . 
  poland will band together with other eastern states for security concerns , not only military but also energy and other factors . 
   i think the eu 's problem was that they tried making a homogeneous block when it 's the very fact we have such varied countries which make it a breeding ground for ideas which is why it will fall apart . 
  to many differing interests and concern are crammed into an organization founded on the idea of a common policy for every god damn thing on the face of the earth . 
  this worked fine when the us provided support and geopolitical stability , but that 's going away now . 
   hard to make bold predictions that would be correct , in your free time . 
  sure , i 'll concede that . 
  that being said , i 'm by no means the only one to come to this conclusion . 
  i , and many others , do n't think the eu will be stable much longer , the geopolitical play going on around it will further drive wedges into an already fragmented union . 
  i ca n't be certain i 'm right , but i expect the eu , if we even call it that , in 2025 to be far different and much smaller in scope , if it even exists . 
  the breakup into regional block will be driven almost entirely by external factors which the eu ca n't control to a great degree . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see what happens . 
  give it another 3 to 5 years , and you 'll probably see what i 'm talking about . 
  time will show whether i 'm right or wrong , i do n't really care either way . 
   populist takeover is not inevitable . 
  sheesh , some of you would go full nazi just because there is a rise in far-right sentiment . 
  no , it 's not . 
  though the underlying trends that the populists feed on , will keep getting stronger . 
  we 're talking about immigration pressure , both from within and outside the eu . 
  globalism and poorly constructed tax schemes have ensured that the middle class is being left behind , and the differential in economic status between different eu states has only widened since the financial crisis and the troubles surrounding the euro . 
  the eu might very well be the solution to these issues , but it 's not necessarily going to be perceived as the solution . 
  i do n't expect the populists to win this election cycle , but they 'll strengthen their status in important core nations . 
  look to the netherlands and pvv , germany with afd , france with fn , italy with ln and ms5 . 
  none of these are very likley to outright win and gain devise control , but they 'll push the rest of the parties further right and into even more euroskeptic positions . 
  the real threat will come in the 2021 and 2022 election cycle . 
  it serves several purposes . 
  two of which are : 1 - avoid straight lines . 
  you do n't want the enemy to jump in your trench and just fire down 200 meters of your troops now trapped in the trench . 
  if a shell lands in the trench , the shrapnel can travel several hundred meters in either direction and rip through many troops before stopping . 
  having zig zagging trenches makes the shrapnel impact the walls and stop . 
  zig zagging trenches can also be used to get a wider variety of firing angels . 
  instead of just firing straight at the enemy , a sharp bend can allow you to flank an advancing enemy . 
  did that make any sense ? 
  this is what 's gon na happen anyways once the eu falls apart , one way or another . 
  either through total disintegration , or just becoming obsolete by the fact that members disregard much of the regulations and directives and that way fall into regional blocks . 
  we 'll definitely see a scandinavian/nordic block and north-western block ( germany , netherlanders , belgium , luxembourg ) . 
  the rest is a bit harder to predict , but france will end up being the biggest party of its block . 
  i also expect poland to command an eastern , `` feeling-threatened-by-russia-block '' . 
  edit : another thing that has to be addressed is not just a brake on further integration , but also the possibility of taking back certain powers back into national parliaments . 
  just a stop in integration wo n't stop the populists , they want stuff back . 
  edit2 : down vote all you want , just remember that the downvote does n't indicate that you disagree , but that you find the post in question to contribute little/negatively to the conversation . 
  the problem then becomes , what powers ? 
  different eurosceptic countries have different needs and wants in that regards . 
  some want to leave schengen , some want to abandon fom for people ( not gon na happen ) , some want out of all the political stuff and just keep the trade and so on . 
  you 'd have to devise a system which allows arbitrary amounts of power to be given back , some countries wanting a and b but not c , some just c , and others d and a. 
  it 's gon na be a complete mess . 
  i guess some countries could band together and devise a common platform for what they all really want back , that way you do n't end up with half a dozen of different types of eu membership . 
  still , i think repatriating powers is very unlikely , the `` eu train '' has until now had two settings when it comes to integration , `` right now '' and `` later '' , there 's never really been a `` stop '' option , or a `` reverse '' option for that matter . 
  he 's gon na resign any minute now . 
  do n't worry about that , i do the same to my gf when she talks about some fashion faff . 
  i once showed her the remains of old wwii german fortification along the coast , explaining the operation of the mounted turrets , how ammunition was stored , why trenches did n't run in straight lines but instead zigzag and all that nice stuff . 
  i went on for 10 minutes before she stopped me . 
  apparently `` some pieces of concrete and holes in the ground '' is n't very exiting . 
  okay , so the alternatives in the tiered eu are either to stay at the current level of integration , or more integration ? 
  how 's that gon na quell the populists ? 
  they 're already angry with the amount of power given away to the eu , unless you offer them some way to repatriate power back into national parliaments i ca n't see this helping very much . 
  it might be a good solution for the countries which populations are keen for more integration , but it will not address the concerns of those who already thing brussels dictate too much . 
  oh , look the equivalent of the whole norwegian army 's armored divisions casually passing by in poland . 
  that force projection , you 've got ta give the us credit for that . 
  edit : i love that he 's excited about the different models , and the girl in the background ( gf ? ), 
  just goes uhmm ... can we go now please ? 
   you lost to a guy who said three things a week that would torpedo anybody else 's campaign i have no idea how many times i said that to my gf regarding trump . 
  they guy kept saying stuff that would 've killed any other candidate in a heart beat . 
  he basically never apologized for anything , he kept saying stupid , verifiable false shit , and he got away with it . 
  i remember watching him in his first republican debate , and i could n't believe what was happening . 
  i was both impressed and mortified . 
  when he kept it up in the second primary debate and got even worse , i placed a bet on him . 
  1/30 in odds seemed way off , and i was right . 
  he said the right things to the people who were hurting ; he told people in the rust belt that nafta was shit , that mexicans took their jobs . 
  that their politicians did n't give a shit about them . 
  he also said the `` wrong things '' ; the things you 're not supposed to say . 
  he grabbed political correctness by its balls and threw it out the window . 
  i do n't really agree that much with the guy , but he 's the type of candidate that comes a long once in a lifetime . 
  it has been both a pain and a pleasure to watch how it played out . 
  i do however feel that the threat of the populists wo n't end with this election . 
  seriously , a guy who talked about pan-germanism and basically a second anschluss got 46 % in austria . 
  the political establishment should n't celebrate that , they should quite frankly piss their pants . 
  the populists wo n't vanish if they lose this election , they 'll keep feeding on the underlying trends that will propel them to victory : immigration , poor economic growth for the middle class , the feeling that other countries negatively affect domestic policy , establishment politicians saying one thing before getting elected and then doing the opposite . 
  at least trump does what he said he would do , terrifying as that is . 
  it would not surprise me if the final result is about 65-35 % in macron 's favor . 
  still , moving from 18 to mid-30s would be pretty astonishing for fn . 
  i 'm sure the dems will mess up again , they still ca n't figure out how their amazing candidate hillary clinton could lose . 
  must be the fault of all the racists and women hating , bigoted whites that voted for trump , right ? 
  [ there are dozens of us !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkie-vgugdi ), 
  that seems to be the way most nordic/scandinavian military procurement projects go . 
  sweden was co-developing a new [ artillery system ( archer ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archer_artillery_system ) which we pulled out of . 
  we were also supposed to cooperate to produce , sell and put in use more than 1500 trucks to be used in different configurations ( troop transport , fuel transport , aa platforms , mobile radar , missile launch platforms and so on ) by the militarizes , but the project was later canceled . 
  it 's pretty disappointing actually , both sweden and norway produce a variety of military supplies and weapon platforms . 
  norway specializes in missiles ( nsm and penguin and derivative families ) , sub sea monitoring and production of ammunition ( nammo ) . 
  sweden specializes in military vehicles ( cv90 , new artillery pieces ) and jets ( saab ) . 
  combining the defense industries in addition to norway 's long experience with ship building would allow us to produce more or less all needed equipment for modern militarizes ; tanks , naval vessels , missiles , hand held weapons , autonomous weapons platforms , jet fighters and ammunition .
