  we took total responsibility for every single migrant and we did not try to pawn them off on other dublin signatores like sweden og germany . 
  had every other member with external schengen borders accomplished the same we would n't be having this issue . 
  let me guess , the eu has not spent the last months of limited refugee flow planning how to handle a restart of the flow . 
  yeah , you know we like messing with you guys :-), 
  i probably went a bit overboard , looking back at it . 
  it 's just that the migrant crisis we went through is yet another example of how poorly equipped the eu is to handle a crisis . 
  the reasons are many and varied . 
  some will point at the nation states for hampering any progress , clinging on to their sovereignty and others will point at the slow bureaucratic monster the eu has become . 
  bottom line is that this crisis developed over a long period of time , several member states struggled in the initial phases of the migrant flow , but were told to handle it themselves . 
  once shit really hit the fan different branches of the eu , member states and regions totally lost their heads . 
  people were running in all sorts of directions with no clear path to a solution . 
  what used to be a minor problem was made much worse by inaction , this-does-not-concern-me-attitude , poorly divided responsibility and leaders of large eu nations taking completely different approaches . 
  renzi struggled without getting help , merkel first ignored then did a complete u-turn , hollande was nowhere to be seen and cameron was occupied by the pre-referendum negotiations and talks . 
  what really got to me was to total lack of control and ability to talk between member states . 
  hungary tried to solve the problems by building a fence and got shouted at by western europe , which promptly starting erecting barriers itself when it got too bad . 
  austria tried to address the issue , and succeeded to a certain degree , by closing the balkan route . 
  austria also got berated in the media for acting unilaterally when the eu could provide no other solution than to spread the problem around the block . 
  then we have merkel , who devised her own plan and went behind the backs for other eu members to get a deal with turkey . 
  the whole thing was a god damn mess that could have been avoided in the first place . 
  because sweden has been particularly bad at integration . 
  pc culture dictates that problems are n't to be talked about and are swept under the rug . 
  in addition the so-called million project mentioned on this sub earlier today resulted in huge amounts of highly concentrated buildings for housing . 
  high density residential building posed few problems when it came to housing ethnic swedes , but quickly turned into no go zones and ghetto like areas when populated by mainly muslim immigrants . 
  we do n't take anymore from the camps . 
  we have to make the refugee policy sustainable also for the receiving countries or else the asylum institute falls completely apart . 
  i 'm not saying that they would 've done it , but they should 've, 
  i seriously do n't understand the question . 
  signatory countries wanting to adopt the euro signs away necessary power to a central entity ensuring a fiscal and monetary that 's actually stable and balances any imbalance caused by differential performance in different countries . 
  the same way us states send or receive money according to their economical performance . 
  how ? 
  have the proper treaties , institutions and framework in place when the currency launches , instead of ductaped quickfixes each time a totaly expected crisis shows up . 
  we knew about most of the shortcomings before the consequences became apparent . 
  many of then were forecasted by economists long before the euro entered the markets . 
  be constructive , point out whatever you disagree with and give sources !, 
  i forgot that !, 
  we apparently sent him a bottle of aquavit before the meeting . 
  we still need to have a hard upper limit . 
  europe ca n't keep taking huge number of migrants , and we ca n't afford more summers like the one in 2015 . 
  the refugee conventions must be adjusted, 
   i showed you the proportional numbers . 
  they back my point , not yours . 
  no , they do n't . 
  do you even read what i 'm telling you ? 
  the january numbers for 2016 were 41 ( !! ), 
  times those of 2015 . 
  once the balkan route closed it dropped to 20 times in february and 3.5 in march . 
  the slow down in proportional numbers started once the balkan route was closing and turkey started its crackdown on smugglers . 
  honestly , either you 're purposefully misreading my post or you have no understanding of proportional and raw numbers . 
  if something that is necessary for a project to work is politically impossible , do n't go through with the project then . 
  the eurozone is in a mess that was predictable , yet politicians chose to go with ambitions instead of sound policies . 
  we 're no stuck in a situation where 19 countries are in a currency zone that is not optimal and that is causing huge problems for certain members . 
  the whole thing is made worse by that fact the the euro is irreversible at this point . 
  we have to spend the next decades fixing a currency zone that never should have existed in its current shape . 
  in the meantime we keep seeing horrible or non-existent growth in the south with youth unemployment that is insane . 
  is a common currency really worth all this suffering ? 
  the lost generation , the huge loss of economic growth ? 
  and for what , so that certain people can carry through with an ill-conceived project . 
  yes , due to the way dublin works . 
  that right there should have been a clue that something needed to be done immediately . 
  instead we let the problem grow and fester . 
  the italians lost any incentive to register them and the migrants refused to be registered knowing that they could just travel to germany and apply there . 
  hungary actually did what they were supposed to do . 
  they stopped trains and tried to place the in camps were they could be registered and dealt with . 
  at that point the situation had escalated completely out of control and germany and austria allowed trains with migrants to travel through as a one time thing to alleviate the pressure . 
  the one-time thing became permanent as migrants refused to work with hungarian authority seeing that they could reach germany if they protested . 
   there are seasonal differences . 
  but you ca n't just ignore the difference before merkel 's speech , and blame everything after than on her . 
  look at the numbers i linked . 
  while there was a decline in the fall , the proportional numbers were still way above and increased compared to earlier in the year . 
  you seem to struggle to understand the difference between total numbers and proportional numbers . 
  the total decline can partly or in whole be explained by the fall weather . 
  the proportional increase must be due to some other effect . 
   even with that comparison , the excess numbers still dropped . 
  yes , there were many more asylum seekers . 
  that 's why it 's called a crisis . 
  but that crisis existed before merkel 's speech , and slowed down after . 
  what ? 
  you 're saying that they did increase , and at the same time the decreased ? 
  yes , the total number decreased during the fall , as expected by the weather conditions . 
  the actual numbers were still way above comparable numbers the previous year . 
   you seem to be disregarding the massive increase that occurred before merkel 's speech . 
  there are seasonal differences . 
  but you ca n't just ignore the difference before merkel 's speech , and blame everything after than on her . 
  no , i do not . 
  i 've already pointed out that the largest numbers arrived before merkel opened her mouth , but i 've also pointed out that while the pure numbers decreased after merkel 's comment , the relative increase compared to the previous year became even bigger . 
  to sum up : the drop in numbers during the fall was due to weather . 
  the proportionally increased numbers during the fall compared to the previous year may or may not be attributed in part or in whole to merkel 's comment . 
  you 're flip flopping all over the place with regards to pure numbers and relative changes compared to previous years . 
  first you claim that there is no way to tell for sure if merkel 's invite had an effect , then you claim that it di n't . 
  if i do n't have enough statistics to show that it did have an effect , then surely you do n't have enough to prove that it did n't . 
  you 're trying to have your cake and eat it . 
   do you actually remember 2014 ? 
  do you remember what greek redditors were writing on this very sub in late 2014/early 2015 ? 
  they were complaining that they were being left alone with the refugee crisis while their economy was being squeezed out of life at the same time . 
  yes , i remember that . 
  the eu 's response was that dublin had to be enforced and that greece would have to deal with itself . 
  and austerity was the best way to solve the economical problems . 
  people were dying in hospitals because the greek state could n't afford to buy adequate amounts of medicine and supplies . 
   so helping greece with one problem is solidarity but helping them with the other problem is wrong because it creates the wrong incentives ? 
  we should have helped greece with both problems .
