  still , norway is largely powered by oil , and every god damn party is discussing what will be `` our next oil '' . 
  the transition from an oil and gas based economy over the next decade will be very interesting , i hope and think we 'll succeed , but it 's going to be difficult . 
  we 'll surely experience increasing unemployment . 
  to put the current state of affairs into perspective : the opposition is losing their minds over the fact that unemployment is more than 4.5 % , which is unheard of in modern times . 
  tldr : it 's good to be norway . 
  since norway is excluded , i though i 'd include [ this ] ( http://no.tradingeconomics.com/norway/government-debt-to-gdp ) . 
  it does not account for our oil fund , which [ value ( in nok ) ] ( https://www.nbim.no/ ) changes drastically through the days . 
  most of the debt we 've built up is to a ) cover the day to day expenses as the oil income fluctuate according to oil prices and b ) we can borrow money dirt cheap right now . 
  it makes more sense to loan money at 1 % a year to build infrastructure than to withdraw money from the oil fund making 4-6 % a year . 
  seems like the rescue plan is working !, 
  if you found his tweets interesting , i 'd recommend that you look into some of the other work of prof. goodwin , a twitter feed does n't really show of all his thoughts , but only a brief , simplified version of them . 
  the [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq417n9ylke ) with the economist in 2011 pretty much describes how the far right has evolved into the present . 
  pros : we can easily invade sweden since we completely surround them . 
  cons : increased border towards russia ... 
  i 'd rather welcome iceland back into the fold . 
  they 're chill , and we can use our oil technology to pipe lava from iceland to heat our homes , win win . 
  edit : stupid auto correct . 
  i know , better place them under swedish control again / s, 
  no worries , mark blyth is an excellent recommendation for anyone who wants to get a better understanding of some of the underlying problems in modern economy . 
  he has also been pretty spot on when it comes to trump and brexit . 
  his understanding of political science and economy does help him make connections and prediction most other academics just scoff at . 
  he 's by no means able to accurately predict the future , but he 's good at using economy to identify and explain the underlying causes for the way people vote like they do . 
  edit : prof. matthew goodwin also has some pretty interesting takes on why the political landscape has shifted , and where it will move in the future . 
  his [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/goodwinmj ) should make for some interesting reading . 
  that being said , his prediction/assessments line up pretty well with blyth 's , make of that as you will . 
   henkel is a mediocre politician and this reads like something that 4chan would come up with . 
  sounds like trump , if you scratch `` mediocre '' and replace it with disastrous . 
  mark blyth is really good at explaining stuff in a very simple manner . 
  i do however think his views are somewhat one-sided at times , though that 's usually the same with any economist . 
  it 's kind of funny how they can look at the same exact situation and yet end up with drastically different set of problems , underlying causes and solutions . 
   `` hmm , why are these people angry about the establishment ? 
  let 's elect the most typical political 1 % ` er as dem candidate possible and cry populism if they do n't pick us . '', 
  sounds about rights , fielding hillary clinton trying to play the card of a ( wo ) man of the people was bound to fail . 
  fucking lunacy , that 's what it was . 
   norwegian exports without the oil , data that you can look up here , hovers around 1/3 of what sweden exports despite having more than half of sweden 's population and that 's with access to the single market . 
  which is because the oil binds up most of the employment and capital investment , when the oil production keeps dropping over time workforce and capital will transfer to other industries . 
  since [ 2012 ] ( http://www.norskpetroleum.no/en/production-and-exports/exports-of-oil-and-gas/ ) the oil share of exports has dropped from 50.7 % to 38.7 % , yet the economy has not collapsed , but has slowly started shifting over to other industries . 
  the exports of fish is up [ by a large percentage ] ( http://www.seafood.no/nyheter-og-media/nyhetsarkiv/pressemeldinger/sj%c3%b8mateksport-for-91,6-milliarder-i-2016 ) , and we 're seeing a shift into exports of engineering products . 
   the norwegian government is smart enough to realize the dangers of relying on oil to run the country . 
  correct , hence we have the oil fund to safe guard future prosperity . 
   having everyone 's salaries paid with oil money is a sure way to make the money disappear quickly . 
  also true , which is way the oil revenue is never spent directly , and instead put into the oil fund , from which we can withdraw no more than 4 % a year . 
  the current value of the fund means that 4 % covers almost 25 % of the states expenses . 
  we 'd still have the oil fund covering 25 % of yearly expenses if we stopped pumping oil tomorrow . 
   as small of a private sector that norway has it 's still money that the government saves and the government are not going to be stupid enough to throw that away by leaving the eea , norway is already as competitive as a turtle in a drag race . 
  we 're currently the [ 11th ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/competitiveness-rank ) most competitive country in the world , and the ranking will improve as wage growth has slowed down to a little over inflation levels instead of 4-6 % a year . 
  we also have our own currency which has weakened in response to fall in oil prices , making our exports even more competitive . 
  an alternative to eea would a comprehensive free-trade agreement . 
  we do n't really export much services , which is one of the most difficult things to get a fta to cover . 
  i know we have a retarded relationship with the eu , and i blame they way our politicians handled the referendums on eu membership . 
  the norwegian people was twice asked whether or not we wanted to join the eu , once in [ 1994 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_european_union_membership_referendum,_1994 ) and once in [ 1972 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_european_communities_membership_referendum,_1972 ) . 
  we said no to that twice , due to several reasons , chiefly : the loss of sovereignty , issues related to fishing rights , diminished local self-governance , issues relating to the relaxation of wokers ' rights , the potential for loss of traditional industries due to outside pressures from more efficient production means and the democratic deficiency in the eu . 
  yet , even with two no-s , somehow we ended up in the eea , which carries many of the issues that resulted in us rejecting the eu in the first place . 
  we ended up with a deal with many of the downsides , yet with no formal influence within the eu . 
  i 'd rather see us be a total member or totally out . 
  instead we 're stuck in a weird in-the-middle limbo where we have very little room to maneuver . 
  which is assure you has been factored into the stock prices as well as into the decisions of companies in the uk . 
  it 's not like they ca n't see whats coming in the future , being taken by complete surprise the day the uk formally exits the sm . 
  i 'm most looking forward to the search and rescue portion , where distress beacons can be picked up , the information relayed to ground stations and a confirmation of received signal sent back . 
  if i ever get in trouble i can push a button and get a confirmation message back indicating that my position has been relayed and that help is on the way . 
  the completed galileo constellation will also have better coverage in the northern tip of europe , which you can imagine is going to get very important as sea traffic increases due to the retreating ice caps . 
  huh , it does indeed seem like they were able to operate the mupus instrument . 
  they initially worried about activating it , as the position of the lander was unknown and the instrument might shift the probe into an even worse position in terms of communication and sun light . 
  i 'm really impressed that they managed to launch the payload , put it into hibernation for such a long time , wake it up without problems and hit that small rock millions of kilometers away . 
  the philae lander was a real letdown , but the mission as a whole was not . 
  well , they did sneak us into the eea after losing two referendums . 
  still , i think we 're better off outside than on the inside of the eu . 
  interestingly , lo and other organizations are putting pressure on the labour party to renegotiate our e\u00d8s terms , that might lead to an interesting election season later this year . 
  the future deal the uk gets might be something we want to adopt later on . 
  well , the crashed lander was supposed to test the proposed landing system , having it fail and crash into the surface is n't exactly a successful test . 
  at least it told us that it did n't work as planned , but having a system actually land the probe would be much better . 
  esa is really good at getting stuff where it needs to go , but they 've yet to figure out how to successfully land something in a planetary body . 
  the rosetta/philae mission was a great success , but the philae lander unfortunately was unable to complete some important measurements , such as the hardness of the surface material, 
  such a high number of failures indicate an underlying widespread systematic problem , and simply not random chance or production errors . 
  hopefully they can figure out what the problems are , and at least correct them on the future launches , though it will be time consuming and expensive to replace any components of half-built satellites . 
  the galileo project is already way behind schedule and way over budget , which is very sad given the great technical abilities of the galileo project compared with the aging gps constellation . 
  because certain people were so sure that once the uk voted for brexit , it would all instantly go up in a ball of flames and later come crawling back hoping that it could just ignore the whole referendum . 
  of course sturgeon says that , her answer to every question or situation is another independence referendum . 
   nicola , what do you want for breakfast ? 
  independence !, 
  hmm ... how about one of them mexican drug tunnels ? 
  when i went grocery shopping on saturday , a poster by the vegetable section informed the shoppers that cauliflowers were in short supply due to bad weather in spain . 
  we have rules you know ? 
  we 're not really gon na apply them this time , but perhaps the next time , or the time after that . 
  the good old kiss of death . 
  it has been written ; `` the magnanimous jean-claude junker said ` let there be light ' , and thus twas '' edit : turns out `` it twas '' equals `` it it was '' . 
  most of it is very good , as almost always , though i seriously doubt that the uk will join the european customs union . 
  2017 will be a pivotal year for the european union , the european continent and the whole post-wwii world order . 
  see my response . 
  i do n't think it 's going to become a big issue right now , but it could potentially become a major part of the upcoming elections , especially if our right wing party ( progress party ) decides to go for another crazy vote winning plan . 
  it might actually become a question in the upcoming election . 
  labour organizations are trying to push the labour party into a more eea sceptical position , as they feel their powers are being undermined by the market liberal politics dictated by our membership . 
  it 's probably not going to be the main theme however , as both the conservatives and the labour party is a big supporter of the eu and want to see us become members . 
  i was actually referring to the eu , though i realised just now that we were talking about the sm . 
  whoops . 
  come on , we sold you all the heavy water , remember ? 
  i think the major sticking point was not the globalism , but the unlimited , uncontrollable migration via freedom of movement . 
  where are we going ? 
  we 're already out . 
  in fact , most of our politicians are trying to get us in , but are having a hard time as 70 % of the population is opposed to it .
