  the problem is not that the eu is not changing , it changes all the time . 
  sadly , instead of focusing on their rotting and weak foundation , they chose to at yet another floor to the building , so that we all can marvel the greatness of the project . 
  a collapse of the eu would without a doubt cause significant harm , and that 's why it 's important that it starts changing for the better right now , and do n't postpone until they 're forced to act . 
  sadly , that seems to be the only way the eu works , a crisis is only acted upon when it becomes impossible to ignore it . 
  by that time i fear that the eu has lost so much credibility that saving the remains will not the viable anymore . 
  a want a united europe , either as a federal state or as a collection of states that respect one another and accommodates their needs . 
  a structure that allows us to act on the world stage with great effect and belief that we can speak for overselves . 
  i do n't want an eu that increasingly is the sum of politicians and unelected officials cooking up something behind closed doors and is unable to admit shortcomings . 
   leaving schengen however is really not that big of a deal , let alone for a country that joined late 2008 and probably still has most of the infrastructure in place . 
  it 's definitely smaller in scope , but it also entails picking apart to entities that are intertwined . 
  it 's like a pair of siamese twins sharing pinky toe . 
  leaving the eu is like spliting siamese twins which share almost all vital organs and functions . 
  a clean break is difficult , and one of them will probably get hurt in the process . 
  they 're free the set taxes to whatever they like , as long as no single company is given preferential treatment . 
  they can either lobby to change that , or leave the union . 
  they did sign up to the treaties , with all perks and drawbacks they entail . 
  i 'm no big fan of the eu , and would like the see it changed dramatically or just be removed , but in this case i 'm in total agreement with the commission . 
  you ca n't have a working capitalism based economy when big companies are given so big perks that competitors have no way to compete . 
  i do n't care how good or cheap your products are , a 12.5 % taxrate vs 0.005 % is in no way fair . 
  it has not . 
  the eu is not opposed to low taxes , they are however against companies being given preferential treatment . 
  the problem is not that apple paid so little , but that they got their own personal tax rate not accessible to other companies . 
  people get just as emotional about schengen and the eea as they get about the eu and the euro . 
  i do n't understand their emotional connection to entirely unnatural , politician engineered institutions . 
  some people talk about the eu and its institutions as if they 're here to stay for another millenia . 
  newsflash ; they 're not . 
  europe is limping along with a series of political structures that work okayish at their best , and are outright damaging at their worst . 
  we 're currently seeing the rise of eu-sceptical parties across europe , and yet the response of the eu leaders is to prescribe more of what people are upset about . 
  if you 're worried about the eu , you 're told that you simply do n't understand it , that you 're stupid , ignorant and egotistical . 
  no one in senior ranking eu positions , possible tusk excluded , seem to understand the plights of european citizens . 
  they fail to see how their project is not building more understanding and respect among eu members , but is in fact creating massive tensions along the west and the east and north and south . 
  i honestly believe that the eu will render itself less significant in the time to come , either by handing more power back in a controlled manner , or by simply disintegrating over time . 
  it 's sad , because i like parts of the ideas behind the eu , but the way its implemented is slowly rotting away its support . 
  i love how the people who keep saying `` if you do n't like the eu/schengen/eea / whatever , leave ! '', 
  go absolutely mental when a country actually leaves . 
  then leaving suddenly becomes a doomsday scenario with hell and eternal damanation upon those who leave . 
  it 's just like a cult , everyone who breaks out is the devil personified and must pay . 
  yep , we 're not in the eu though , so it appears that that particular law/regulation is outside the scope of the treaties and deals we signed . 
  what , is ham haram or something ? 
  scandinavian countries , perhaps excluding denmark , have long hunting and sports shooting traditions . 
  norway has one of the highest rates of gun ownership in the world , yet we have few problems , excluding the one terrorist attack , with guns acquired legally . 
  a third election around christmas then ? 
  it has been implicated in jaw and oral cancer . 
  why have n't they banned snus and not other forms of tobacco ? 
  no idea , probably lobbying . 
  let 's ban trucks then , after what happend in nice . 
  it 's the same stupid logical conclusion . 
  because we 've got a bunch of badly integrated muslims that smuggle in guns from the balkans and shot people . 
  by restricting the rights of law-abiding citizens the terrorists will somehow , almost magically , be deprived of access to weapons , even though they rarely go through the hoops of acquiring one legally . 
  i understand her need and wish to be vague , seeing that there 's a long period of negotiation ahead , but i still feel that `` brexit means brexit '' is a bit of a silly statement . 
  it 's vague enough that everyone can interpret it as they wish , and probably be pleased if they voted leave , but it 's also so vague that she can claim to have delivered almost regardless of what kind of deal she gets . 
   * people suggesting staying the eu but with slightly different terms  * people who want eea membership and free movement these to basically boil down to the uk leaving the single market and accepting some kind of free-trade deal , unless the eu is willing to compromise on free movement of people . 
  the cornerstone of the leave campaign message was reduced migration , with full control , and to win back sovereignty . 
  joining eea and accepting freedom of movement would go directly against that , and would only lay the foundation for further political instability down the line . 
  the rise of ukip put enough pressure on cameron to promise a referendum . 
  ukip may have lost its most important figure when farage left , but if the uk does n't fully leave the eu , i expect it or other similar movements to gain even more traction . 
  a50 was put in place to silence the critics saying that an eu membership was a one way street , and that countries that joined have given up sovereignty permanently . 
  a50 is the bare minimum they had to put in the treaty to be able to say that one can leave after becoming a member . 
  sure , it seems like she has backbone and is intent to carry through what the british people voted for . 
  i 'd still like to know exactly how she defines brexit ? 
  saying brexit means brexit is a useless tautology . 
  in that case , ask the commission to pull the plug on further negotiations , they used to a have unanimous support , that no longer exists . 
   what do you do with people who get rejected ? 
  we try to either deport them back to their country of origin , or to a country where they 're legally allowed to live . 
  in some cases we pay for them to go home , with a one time finciancal support og approx 2200 euros . 
  making them leave voluntarily is much cheaper than to charter a plane to kabul and fill it with migrants and police officers . 
   is russia taking them back ? 
  some , those with a permanent or time limited right to stay in russia . 
  russia refuses taking back those that transited using vacation or study visas , claiming they 're not entitled to enter russia again , as they violated the terms of their visas . 
  it does n't really matter anymore , since the border with russia has been sealed off for those without schengen visas , which basically no syrians or other migrants/refugees have . 
  those that came via russia is currently getting their applications assessed , a large portion of those who came via russia are iraqis , pakistanis and afghan . 
  currently less than 5 % of pakistanis and iraqis are given asylum and almost everyone who is denied asylum is sent back . 
  the police 's foreign service , which carries out the deportations , have been allocated a unlimited budget for deportations , and they expect to carry out at least 9000 deportations this year . 
  we expect about 3000-5000 asylum seekers this year , so we 're likley going to send more out than we get in . 
  when you cosign a loan you also take on the legal responsibility for it . 
  i 'm not sure that same legal guarantee exists within the eu funding framework , legal experts have to look into it . 
  we really should 've actually planned for what happens when a member leaves , instead of only having a50 . 
  if the uk manages to run away from the bill , they 're not to blame , a bad treaty is to be blamed . 
  the police has been given authority to rule that the application is to be found non-conforming with our international obligations . 
  they do n't rule on the application itself , just that the person in question should have applied in the country they came from and is denied access to the kingdom on account of not having a schengen visa . 
  the practice may very well be illegal , but the current plan is to keep the contingency in place until either the un , eu or another international body kicks up a fuss . 
  the police do n't currently use the new law , but it will be put into practice if the flow suddenly increases . 
  they 've also changed to law so that anyone who claims asylum and is likely to be denied can be detained by the police until the application is processed , those denied will have a week to appeal and will then be deported . 
  keeping them locked up ensure they do n't run away once the application is denied . 
  no , i do n't . 
  you keep making this into the uk benefiting from eu prosjects just like everyone else , and sonehow they should still keep paying ? 
  this . 
  the uk has always espoused a reduced eu budget , and had they won that battle , the current funding hole would be much less severe, 
  as i 've said , if the uk gains benefits beyond everyone outside the eu , i expect them to pay for it , if not they should not be made to pay . 
  i 'm just pointing out that galileo can be used by anyone with a receiver , whether or not their country payed in   galileo is open and can be used by individuals in countries that never contributed any money ,  i do n't want to get vengeful . 
  they should still have access . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  the uk pays the last bill for that period when they leave , and they retain access just like any other country . 
  galileo is open and can be used by individuals in countries that never contributed any money , just like the american gps . 
  i 'm fine with uk being denied limited functions on galileo if they stop funding it . 
  not if they do n't get any use out of them . 
  if they have to continue funding the projects , i expect them to get some sort of concession . 
  a50 makes it possible to withdraw , the lawmakers should probably have written texts that gave some direction as to how future obligations are to be covered . 
  it 's fair that the uk pays for anything they make use of , and nothing else . 
  it 's not the uk 's fault that the treaties do n't address specifics .
