  parts of libya are safe . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to allow people , who can find refugee within their own country by moving 150 kilometers , to embark on a journey of thousands of kilometers , endangering their lives crossing a sea , to apply for asylum where they can get the best financial terms . 
  i know that . 
  all i 'm saying is that the migrants stuck on the border between switzerland and italy are not from syria , but from impoverished , but safe , african countries . 
  come on , it 's not like the platform of right wing parties and nationalists revolve only around immigrants . 
  it 's a major component , but they also address national sovereignty , right to self determination , economic policies and the future of the eu project . 
  branding nationalists and right wingers as being only about migration is perhaps the biggest mistake made by the establishment . 
  look at the makeup of migrations crossing into italy , syrians are barely represented . 
  almost all migrants are from africa , and very few of them are from actual conflict zones , some are from oppressive regimes , but the majority of them are economic migrants . 
   also , it looks like some university campus . 
  young , healthy people . 
  exactly what you need if you want to rebuild a country , or build its future . 
  too bad they 're here for the welfare and nothing else . 
  time to dig a bunker and hoard bottlecaps , you can be a very wealthy man if you play your cards right . 
  the population estimates are more complicated than just drawing a straight line . 
  the majority of population growth in africa is driven by the sharp decline of death among infants , babies and youth , mainly caused by western intervention in the form of vaccines , subsidised medicines and food aid . 
  we either have to focus on helping them build long term resilience and stability or stop throwing more fuel on the population fire . 
  we 're helping them reach population sizes that are unsustainable today , and will become more sustainable as global warming gets worse . 
  the problem is that birth rates takes a long time to come down , so they 're gon na keep having as many babies today , when most of them survive as they did 20 years ago when most of them died . 
  there will be a drop in birthrates over time , but the drop is too slow and small to compensate for the fact that more children survive into adulthood . 
  they 're right on target for estimate of 500 million by 2060 . 
  i love soviet style health and safety management . 
  * drops reactor * ivan , what did you do that for ?!, 
  sorry sergei , wrong button !, 
  i wonder if it still works , toss some uranium in it and check if it leaks . 
  nigeria alone will by 2060 have about the same population as the eu does today . 
  huge numbers of young people will have poor access to education , health service and other basic needs . 
  the population growth in africa will lead to frictions and conflicts , and migration will without a doubt become the major issue to the eu over the next decades . 
  do n't worry , we 're already giving turkey money to join , and a majority of their landmass is in asia . 
  we 're slowing moving to eusa - the european union and surrounding areas . 
  what about counter acting the trends that the nationalists ride instead of fighting the nationalists themselves ? 
  people are obviously worried about democratic deficiency , the economy , terrorism , imigration and other issues . 
  nationalists/right wingers are the only political groups that actually try to address these issues . 
  mainstream politicians either blame the eu , tells us it 's good for us , or that we have no other choice and that right wingers are dangerous , racist warmongers . 
  polls shows her winning against hollande and within 5-10 % when facing sarkozy , i 'm not basing it on british tabloids , but on french polls, 
  austerity , she 's doing her part . 
  guys , could we please add just a bit of snow ? 
  the water in the swimming pool is too thin for us . 
  look at the guy , he certainly has the nose for cocaine !, 
   he was criticised for doing too much and being too nervous . 
  hollande for doing too little and being too limp . 
  hey , do n't forget the corruption and cocaine smuggling . 
   sometimes you wonder what people really want . 
  who knows . 
  they 're really good at finding out what they do n't want , shortly after election it . 
  he is n't really remembered fondly , but hollande has , somehow , managed to get even lower approval ratings . 
  i agree that a second round win is going to be very difficult for le pen , but if she 's up against sarkozy or hollande in the second round , she might just make it . 
  especially with the political climate ( refugees , poor economical growth , brexit , further eu integration or devolution ) in europe and france . 
  i think this is the best opportunities fn has had in a long time . 
  i have no idea , i do n't know enough about the dynamics of french party politics , i assume that sarkozy would get to run as he is the party leader and all that , but they could probably forgo him if they fear a le pen win , which is a real possibility , even in a two way race , she will most certainly make it to the second and last round . 
  that 's the real question . 
  le pen polls really badly against juppe , but she 's pretty close to sarkozy , some polls have her at 45 vs 55 when paired head to head with sarkozy . 
  we had years to solve the crisis before it became acute . 
  italy and greece struggled with the influx for years and was given only token support and angry comments when they tried turning the boats back . 
  the rest of the eu ignored the problem until it became a huge crisis and merkel tried to reduce the pressure , too bad it backfired and suddenly she was all about sharing the burden , a stance she did n't take when the problem did n't affect germany . 
  the whole thing was badly managed from the start and merkel 's actions did not make it better , it only created a stronger anti-german sentiment . 
  now the eu is stuck trying to fix the brexit mess , which saps most of the political capital that otherwise could be used on fixing migration issues or the poor economy of the southern members . 
  what annoys me is the flip-flopping . 
  first you open the borders and berate your neighbors for closing theirs citing the schengen will collapse and the economy will suffer and what not . 
  then the influx becomes too big for you to handle , and you start pushing for relocation quotas , and then finally you close your borders acting like nothing happened . 
   we 're special because le germans need to sell us cars '' . 
  how quickly did that promise evaporate again remind me ? 
  few hours was n't it ? 
  do n't forget french wine !, 
  farage alone represents something like 10 % of french wine exports , they ca n't live without his consumption . 
   maybe because norway is n't great to live in ? 
  it 's cold yeah , a bit at times , but summer can be very nice  dark true , i do n't see the sun for three consecutive months where i live , but the summer days are literally endless . 
   cramped it 's not that bad !, 
  we have loads of space , just get on the bus and walk the woods surrounding most of our big cities . 
   and the people are hostile towards foreigners . 
  we are ? 
  i guess we can seem a bit cold towards people we do n't know , we 're basically all introverts , but i thing most of us can be pretty chill when we first get to know you . 
  that 's like an ethiopia worth of bananas . 
  so , first they urge other countries not to tighten internal border control because they believe it will hurt the economies and kill schengen over time , then they go and start closing down their own borders after a while . 
  do n't get me wrong , increased border control is the only way to get control over this situation , but they keep doing 180s with regard to their policies summer 2015 . 
  edit : changed 2016 yo 2015 . 
  everyone knows pigs have the exact same effect on muslims like garlic on vampires or kryptonite on superman . 
  i 'm sure the migrant that have risked their lifes and traveled thousands of kilometers will turn right back at the first sight of a pig 's head / s, 
  1984 , here we come . 
  i get the impression that doctors and politicians in norway understand that the morphine essentially kills the patient over time , and no-one wants to outlaw the practice . 
  there 's not enough support for more `` active '' methods , but there 's an unspoken agreement that the current system works okay . 
  most governments across europe used to recomend such a thing during the cold war . 
  it can be useful if natural disasters knock out power , water or other utilities . 
  i guess we 're seeing a renewed focus on preparedness , which is a good thing , as it has n't really been prioritized since the mid 90s . 
  why do the german government start recommending it right now ? 
  i have no idea . 
  could be based on a fear that something specific could happen , or just a general precaution . 
  oh , shit , we 're in the eu suddenly ?!, 
  i guess the people who warned about us slowly and surely being sucked into the eu were right . 
  the majority voted to leave the eu , so i hope they get their will . 
  uk has a large and pretty diverse economy and will probably do pretty well by themselves . 
  they 're not tied into the euro , so a break with the eu is going to be less painful than , say , italy leaving . 
  it seems may will try to negotiate a deal much like ceta , with free trade and perhaps passport like mechanisms for banks/finances , but without free flow of people . 
  i 'm not sure she 'll succeed , but the size of the uk 's economy makes it difficult for the eu to hardball the uk . 
  like it or not , the referendum was not only about continuing membership in the eu , it was also largley about immigrating . 
  may accepting a deal with free flow of people will be political suicide and will only fuel the far right . 
  ukip 's potential collapse will make way for even more extreme parties . 
  for the record , i was being sarcastic , but going by your other post , you picked it up  i 've never been to brussel/molenbeek myself , so i ca n't really comment on the situation there . 
  we 've seen some of the same development in norway , but it 's mostly limited to somali migrants . 
  norwegian-pakistanis , the largest muslim diaspora in norway , are usually well integrated , with few of the younger generation using hijabs or other type of veils .
