  trump wins after the whole collective of european politicians have called him unfit and dangerous . 
  the international meetings will get awkward . 
  i 've got my moose hunting rifle ready , beware russians !, 
  ah , yes . 
  the same person who [ asked ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/27/angela-merkel-caught-on-hot-mic-pressing-facebook-ceo-over-anti-immigrant-posts.html ) facebook to remove anti-immigrant post now wants to control what sort of information search engines provide when you search . 
  great to see yet another avid reader of 1984 among the european politicians . 
  that being said , it 's known that google and other tailor the search results to your taste/opinions . 
  i just do n't trust merkel 's intentions here . 
   if countries abandon the eu and do just as well , then what is the point of the eu ? 
  great question . 
  the answer is obvious , there is no point to the eu if that 's the case . 
  the eu would then only by a power grabbing , sovereignty eroding , bureaucratic mess that struggles to even get to most basic things done in a acceptable time frame . 
  a uk that performs good outside the eu would be kind of like the story of emperor 's new clothes . 
  suddenly people realize what 's up and what the eu is and is n't . 
  all it takes is someone to call it out , and the house of cards tumbles . 
  what did you expect ? 
  imagine the extreme pressure they 've been under the last few days . 
  it 's going to be very interesting to see what sort of changes to the text they managed to get . 
  my guess is that the changes are pretty small and rather insignificant , but enough that the wallonian politicians can say they got something close to what they asked for, 
  renzi has really been stepping up the rhetoric lately . 
  i wonder if he 'll keep it up after the referendum . 
  it seems like most people , especially the older generation is aware of who quisling was , but know little about his actions beyond being a nazi sympathizer . 
  i 'm actually going to miss farage 's banter . 
  edit : also , i find it humoring the martin schulz knows very well who quisling was . 
  sweden . 
  those filthy guys even let hitler use their railways transporting huge amounts of troops during the invasion of norway , thx guys !, 
  according to norwegian news , the leak was not in/from the reactor core itself . 
  someone was handling some fuel and messed up causing small doses of radioactive iodine to be released . 
  all personnel was evacuated and cleanup will commence shortly . 
  no radioactive material has escaped from the research center , which is located inside a mountain hall , and the nuclear oversight committee says that there is no reason to believe that radiation will escape the compound as the safety features worked as intended . 
  see sweden , we all find you stupid / s, 
  hey , this time it 's our turn to be the overlords !, 
  it 's only fair after being under the boots of both denmark and the sweden for 500 years . 
  we 've already cornered the european market on all seal related products . 
  these days i 'd gladly pay up to have a live feed of juncker 's facial expressions 24/7 . 
  good for you wallonia , do n't let yourself be pressured into voting yes until you 've read through and understand the consequences of the proposed amendments and changes . 
  it 's insane the the commision and others are pressuring wallonia into voting yes 1 day after huge legal text has been amended and changed . 
  there 's no way you can properly understand the changes and have a good democratic process in such a short time . 
  so , what 's the next step with regards to ceta ? 
  i assume negations between wallonia , canada and the eu will continue behind the scenes . 
  the commission and council will not let 7 years of negotiation go down the drain . 
  the uk is such a large export partner that we 'd be in trouble if we did n't get some sort of trade agreement . 
  we 're mainly concerned about exporting oil/gas and fish , so the trade agreement should be pretty straight forward . 
  i do n't really see our relationship with efta/eea change after the next election , unless socialist left ( sv ) and the centre party ( sp ) decide to make a big deal out of it . 
  sp is vital for a new labour government so any sort of ultimatum might trigger renegotiations or a new referendum on the matter . 
  it 's still very unlikely to happen , but brexit has made the discussion politically viable for the first time since the 90s . 
  sorry about that . 
  our two largest parties are still very diassapointed that we voted no to join the eu twice . 
  i do n't think they 're gon na let you join efta if it annoys our new potential overlords . 
  the next election might bring fairly interesting changes as the labour party is being pressured by trade unions to ditch our eea membership for something else . 
  indeed . 
  by the time a set of governments have approved the start of negotiators and they finish we could 've gone through 2 even three election cycles . 
  i know some people see it as a great advantage to negotiate as a single block , but there is no doubt that the negotiations take more time when 28 + parties have to agree to the final deal . 
  the eu has gotten too big for the processes to go smoothly . 
  i 'll tell you one thing , tourists love taking pictures of the snow cowered `` hell '' sign during winter and instagraming how `` hell has frozen over ! '', 
  well , i do n't know about that , berlusconi could at least form full sentences . 
  on serious note though , they 're similar at several levels . 
  rich womanizers with populist tendencies . 
  that 's about it . 
  i do n't think [ they ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hell,_norway ) want him . 
   so again not a situation where everyone just votes their conscience in a vacuum . 
  on rare occasions representatives vote in accordance with their personal beliefs . 
  those kind of votes are very rare , and usually happens when we 're dealing with highly moral questions , such as abortion . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time anyone voted in violation of party lines or were party leaders allowed their representatives to vote their conscience . 
  i do find this problematic , as our democracy ends up being about the parties , and less about the individual representative . 
  it 's supposed to be representative democracy , but i can basically only decide what party i vote for , the actual person i cast my vote for is more or less irrelevant . 
   can you name a parliament without a whip ? 
  well , the norwegian parliament does n't really have whips the same way other parliaments have them . 
  this is mainly due to the fact that representatives almost always vote according to party lines and everything but the actual vote has already been decided in committees and subgroups . 
  they do have people in charge of making sure that the right number of representatives from each party are present in order for the votes to go through or be denied , but everything has essentially ben decided by that point . 
   if the eu did n't want the wallonians to veto it they should never have given them the choice rather than try and tell them how to vote because they are a part of a small country . 
  this times a thousand . 
  you ca n't give people the option to vote , and then start pressuring them into changing their vote when they vote no . 
  either you give them the right to vote , and respect their vote , or do n't give them a right to vote in the first place . 
  the commission tried to look all democratic and cozy , and now they 're scrambling to undo democratic vote via pressure and minute modifications to a huge text . 
  the whole thing is a sham . 
  well done juncker , you 're a perpetual pr disaster . 
  i 'll eat both my winter boots if that guy is 18 . 
  nasa was supposed to deliver the same landing system they used on the curiosity rover , but they had to pull out due to financing problems . 
  esa needs to develop its own methods and systems for landing on mars . 
  they certainly could have gone with the airbag type system nasa used for the previous generation of rovers , but that particular method has short comings . 
  it has an upper limit on the weight of the probe and it can bounce for long distances before it finally stops , making it difficult to control where the probe ends up . 
  going on the currently available information , it seems the signal was lost sometime around back shield separation or firing of the retro thrusters . 
  my guess is that something went wrong with the engines as they fired up . 
  either overpressure caused an explosion or one/several of the engines misfired causing the lander to tumble and lose signal . 
  it looks like the united states will remain the only nation on earth to successfully land a probe on mars and get a signal back . 
  esa needs to establish contact right now if the probe survived the entry process , it 's running on a limited power source and there is no way to recharge the battery . 
  but will it be put up to a referendum ? 
  currently we have several governments basically saying that turkey will never join the eu , yet they 're receiving pre-ascension funding . 
  it seems like they say something publicly and something else behind closed doors . 
  we need more transparency within the eu and the council . 
   it 's not that expensive fam . 
  expensive enough to force us to postpone other investments such as new artillery . 
  and now newly leaked government documents show that you 're pressuring us into to buying new poseidon planes before they close down the production line . 
  ca n't wait for when we start replacing our submarines , that ought to be fun . 
  have i mentioned the new intelligence ship `` marjata '' that spent several months in the us being fitted with god knows what . 
  we 're currently using it to harass the russian navy everytime they conduct a naval exercise . 
  oh , and there 's also the new us mandated military radars being built right next to the russian border . 
   realistically , you just got the 52 units of the second best fighter plane in the world , and the costs are only going to decrease . 
  by all means , buy some dogshit next time tho , does n't particularly matter to me .
