  good to see others also adopting the [ same ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/norway-turn-back-asylum-seekers-swedish-border-202221876.html?ref=gs ) policies as us . 
  some of our politicians were worried that our laws may come under scrutiny , as we were the only country in europe to impose such rules . 
  sweden has always been the odd one . 
  denmark has traditionally been the most restrictive , with norway on a second or third depending on how you grade finland . 
  sweden on the other hand , has been playing a completely different game ... 
  reality finally caught up with them , but at what cost ? 
  if sweden becomes more restrictive , we 'll become even more . 
  the government has a standing approval in the national parliament to ensure that we 're at least as strict as our neighbors . 
  well , it 's part of the most iconic piece of french revolution art , a hijab is not . 
  and this is why the relocation quotas wo n't work , especially since the schengen agreement puts strict limits on the internal border controls . 
  it 's quite striking how the far-right movements in europe are quite dissimilar when it comes to all other questions but imigration . 
  well , it would be consistent with a burkini ban , and other religious clothing/items . 
  jesus christ , they actually went that far ? 
  people were throwing around numbers in the range of 1-5 billion euros , but 13 ? 
  the us is not going the be very pleased . 
  i remember when the norwegian farmers went on strike . 
  they planned to buy all the bread in the stores and empty the shelves to make a point . 
  the stores just imported more bread and the farmers had to cancel the strike when they realized they were just pissing away their money on imported bread . 
   comparing a slave-owning , imperialist political entity [ ... ] is the west really that far off from description ? 
  it might not be formal and chained slavery , but we do rely on large masses of oppressed people to produce our goods . 
  we also regularly change and influence non-western politics by interventions , both peaceful and not so peaceful in order to push things in the direction we want , not necessarily what 's best for the country in question . 
  sometimes when i see the state of politics and ideology today , i truly feel like i 'm a sane person locked up in an asylum where nothing around me makes any logical sense . 
  a lot of today 's politics is self-defeating . 
  people how say they value secular societies , equality between the sexes and non-discrimination against sexual minorities , are importing the exact thing that over time will kill these values . 
  people are still drowning , even though frontex is rescuing them . 
  i 'm confident that the number of deaths would be lower had we not intervened the way we did . 
  frontex 's taxi service is only encouraging more people to embark on the journey across the sea . 
  the uk is , at present at least , more likely to end up with a ttip like deal if they leave the eu than if they stay . 
  may is looking for ways to increase trade with non-eu countries , and ttip would fit the bill . 
  no , i 'm saying the current plan to put ttip up for voting in each national parliament will probably lead to it being struck down at least once . 
  what does the ec do then ? 
  ignore the vote ? 
  make some minor changes to the text then pass it claiming they 've listened to the voters ? 
  it 's obvious that ttip does not have the required popular support among the people to pass it , and i do n't see that changing anytime soon . 
   why are the french so opposed to ttip ? 
  farming . 
  i 'm not kidding when i say 80 % of french trade politics is about protecting their farmers . 
  stop ferrying them to italy god damn it !, 
  were just enticing more people to take the journey , leading to more deaths , leading to more rescue operations leading to even more people boarding boats . 
  international law or not , the current practice is obviously making the situation worse , and more people will die because of frontex 's ferry service . 
  much better to abandon it now than to follow the original plan where the ec finishes negations and the deal is put up for a vote in each national parliamentary , where odds are at least one will vote against ttip, 
  maria was n't really supposed to be able to inherit the title of habsburg , but though the so-called pragmatic sanction in 1713 , female heirs were made eligible to take the title . 
  the sanction was put in place when it became obvious that no male habsburg heir would be born . 
  maria married francis of lorraine and thorough a series of deals , the house of habsburg-lorraine was created . 
  i know hab-lot is a thing , but he is strictly speaking not a habsburg . 
  visegrad four . 
  consists of poland hungary , czech republic and slovakia . 
  they regularly meet and try to reach consensus on eu issues hoping to field a common position and balance out some of the german-franco influence . 
  id also like to see the underlying material , but i doubt my school german is good enough , i once tried reading a german court verdict , and it took half of a a4 page before i found a verb . 
  tabloid or not , the poll could very well be a good one , provided that the metdhology and weightings are reasonable . 
  it 's more interesting to see the trend over time , and hofer has seen a steady rise in poll figures the last months . 
  yeah , greens have large percentage of highly educated voters , as well as voters living outside austria , which naturally are more inclined to vote by post . 
  yup . 
  he did make it clear that he would not swear in heinz-christian strache as chancellor if fp\u00d6 wins the next election , which is a rather dickish move seeing as he would not respect the democratic process . 
   any hapsburgs still around ? 
  nope , the last of the house of hapsburg was maria theresa , who died in 1780 . 
  charles vi , died in 1740 , and was the last remaining male hapsburg . 
  the spanish branch died somewhere around 1700 . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes . 
  the house of habsburg did die in 1780 , but the house of habsburg-lothringen still lives on . 
  the title was passed down father-to-son , and the last male of house habsburg died in 1780 . 
  whether or not descendants of habsburg-lothringen are `` real '' hapsburg is up for debate , and depends on your point of view . 
   every of those errors occured in districts , where hofer was ahead . 
  postal votes largely benefited vdb , while `` ordinary '' votes favored hofer . 
  the ( mis ) handling of postal votes is what lead to the second round being declared void . 
   often , members of the fp\u00d6 were responsible for these errors ( i.e. 
  signing something that they did not read or not showing up for something ) i ca n't really comment on that , as i 've not read the court 's full verdict , and the underlying documentation . 
  whether or not fp\u00d6 representatives are to blame for the invalid election is not really that interesting . 
  if the election is not carried through according to laws and regulations , it has to be declared void and a new election round be held . 
  it 's interesting when it comes to predicting turnout . 
  if a candidate is expected to be a clear winner , it can suppress turnout for supporters or for those planning to vote against a given candidate , this trend is even more prevalent in a run-off election , where there are only 2 choices . 
  hofer winning the second round after mail-ins were mishandled , what a comeback . 
   can you unilateraly do that if you signed the geneva convention and also abide by the european human rights court ? 
  ( or you do n't abide by that ? ), 
  we probably ca n't do that , no . 
  the current plan seems to be to knowingly possibly be in violation of treaties and conventions , and not change the practice until someone kicks up a fuss . 
   also it 's kinda problematic since while i agree that most of the people who leave turkey are doing so purely out of economic reasons , some might be genuinely persecuted in turkey though , for example because of their sexual orientation or so . 
  we 're not gon na encounter that problem , as we only border sweden , finland and russia . 
  the russian border has been sealed off for migrants since last winter , and no one can claim to be persecuted in sweden or finland based on religious beliefs , sexual orientation , religion or ethnitcy . 
   in your case , what if there was a person from russia persecuted by putin 's regime for political reasons ( which is totally plausible in the case of russia ) , would this law mean that you would just reject his application , since russia is seen as a safe country ? 
  currently no one without a schengen visa can enter norway via russia , as the border is sealed off to anyone without a valid visa . 
  we might still get a few who make it across , but the number will probably be so low that we end up actually processing their applications instead of trying to push them back across the border . 
  we closed of the norwegian-russian border , which accounted for a large portion of the migrants reaching us . 
  then we started cutting the economical support to low levels , making sure to undercut sweden . 
  in addition , they 're not given cash anymore , but pre-paid visa cards that can only be used in grocery stores . 
  we 're currently debating mandating where new refugees can live , in an effort to avoid ghettos . 
  the best part is when she announces yet another tightening of the rules and people from socialist left party basically cries in the media claiming she is literally just like hitler . 
  how much would it cost us to rent a dusin or so romanians to greet `` our '' asylum seekers and say they took a wrong turn in sweden and magically ended up in romania ? 
  good luck keeping track of people within schengen . 
  the removal of internal border control makes keeping track of people a nightmare , the very cornerstone of eu is working against the relocation scheme . 
   whaat ? 
  we do n't have ridiculously cold winters . 
  we have normally cold winters . 
  you know who has really cold winters ? 
  norway , sweden and finland - ironically one of the hotspots for refugees . 
  not anymore , we sealed off the russian-norwegian border last winter and the flow is now down to a total of 50-70 migrants a week , and about 50 % are rejected . 
  the numbers will fall even more as a new law kicks in which allows us to deny anyone asylum if they transit through a safe country . 
  well done , how much political capital did merkel spend on forcing ee to accept refugees that do n't event want to go there ? 
  the whole forced relocation quotas scheme is a farce . 
  abandon the whole idea and spend the time and political capital on keeping migrants from entering in the first place .
