  the little ice age and the loss of trade made the settlements too hard to keep going and they pulled out after a while . 
  i 'll try to dig out the raw data from the polls if i can find them , the actual questions and any follow up questions should be there . 
  most people are aware of how our eea membership works , we often talk about `` democracy by fax '' part of it . 
  they might be a bit light on some of the finer things related to regulations , though the general picture is pretty clear . 
  that would explain the beards , raping and pillaging / s, 
  if you asked any norwegian who follows the news about the current trend , you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone who says that the political has n't moved against eu/eea this election cycle . 
  we all have biases , you even have an eu flag as flair , so i do find it a bit unfair of you to insinuate that i falsify or `` bend the truth '' to fit my views , i could easily say the same of your comments . 
  bottom line is this ; any government coalition we get after this election will consist of at least one party that wants to kill the eea membership outright , or renegotiate basic , fundamental parts of it . 
  the biggest trend here is that labor , the largest , and traditionally a very pro eu party is facing immense internal pressures to shift their position , and they are doing so . 
  it 's funny how much of what the nordic council got done in the first decade has later become some of the most well known things of the eu ; freedom of movement , the passport free schengen , usage of medical services across borders . 
  if we end up outside the eea and your or denmark chose to leave down the line , i 'm sure we could pick it up from where we were . 
  how 's the political climate in sweden regarding the eu now , sd pushing for a referendum ? 
  gee , i ca n't wait for our politicians to blame russia in our upcoming election . 
  i do n't think we can blame the economy , it 's just that it has become obvious that our politician 's hands are getting more and more tied with the eea directives . 
  we 've gotten quite used to hearing `` we ca n't do that because we 'd violate the eea agreement '' , or `` we have to do that because the eea agreement '' . 
  it has caused the feeling among a larger and larger part of the electorate that our national votes matter less and less , the room for maneuvering has become smaller and smaller for our politicians . 
  the economic downturn certainly did n't help , bu the swing predates the fall in oil prices . 
  the polls have been shifting , slowly , towards a more anti eea stance . 
  we 're still lobbying heavily for our fishing and gas industry . 
  a recent documentary on the norwegian oil and gas lobby 's activity in brussels caused quite the stir . 
  it showed how they worked politicians , representatives and other officials by sweet talking , stuff that looked like borderline bribe and by fudging numbers . 
  several of our politicians stated in the media that they 're not happy how lobbying works in the eu , and that they viewed it as immoral and `` un-norwegian '' . 
  it did damage to the view of eu as a democratic institution not prone to company pressures . 
  as for other areas ; we do n't really lobby much . 
  i think our representatives have conceded that we have very little opportunity to push the eu `` our way '' . 
  we instead opt for trying to get our views represented through denmark , sweden and finland , and we regularly meet with them in order to push our view through someone who actually has a formal vote . 
  edit : here 's a piece on the documentary [ post paris ] ( https://www.nrk.no/dokumentar/xl/post-paris-1.13152421 ) i do n't think the documentary has english subtitles . 
  the election is on september 11th this year . 
  going by the polls right now , we 'll have a new government , composed of labor and the centre party , perhaps with the backing of one or two more parties if needed . 
  it would not surprise me if the leader of the progress party steps down and is replaced by someone even more populist . 
  one possible candidate is [ sylvi lishaug ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sylvi_listhaug ) , our current minister of migration and integration . 
  she 's the most popular of all of the progress party ministers , and is known for her hard stance on migration , giving her the nickname of `` minister of deportation '' . 
  she represents the conservative , protectionist wing of the part . 
  lately she 's been making statements on things far outside her purview , such as family polices , taxation , eea membership and schengen . 
  this has caused a strained relationship with the current leader , as the current leader feels she 's already being pushed aside . 
  if listhaug becomes leader , she 'll take the party even further right . 
  she 's strangely popular even though she 's painted as a heartless wench . 
  she 'll hit the next government over the head with eea and schengen . 
  the centre party is going to push the government from the inside to take a harder stance on eea , and attempt to force through more directive vetos . 
  no matter what concession the government get , the progress party will keep pushing them further , and probably make either a referendum on the eea or a renegotiation the election issue for the 2021 election . 
  nobody is talking about ending the fom for the nordics , the passport union from the 50s is still standing strong . 
  though we 'd probably end up reinstating some sort of border control if we leave , though all the rights guaranteed to you by the nordic council , including the freedom to work in another nordic country , get medical help , cross border travel without passport , will remain . 
  if we leave the eea , we 'll probably push for more cooperation with the rest of the nordic countries through the nordic council . 
  i have no doubt they 'll try to strong arm us into accepting this one as well . 
  probably a bad idea for the long term , the labor organizations are going to be even more pissed off . 
  if they manage to turn the labor party against the eea , the deal is done for . 
   ultimately the eu will be chained to so much law in its member states that leaving will become too difficult . 
  that 's the whole fucking point . 
  down the slippery slope we go !, 
  it 's very much a nato thing . 
  we 're trying to payback the us by providing them intel on submarines passing the norway-iceland gap . 
  we 've just [ invested in a new surveillance ship ] ( http://www.newsinenglish.no/2016/02/29/norway-ready-for-spying-of-its-own/ ) , and have an extensive network of underwater listening cables . 
  it has caused a lot of awkward situations with russia . 
  we keep watching and tailing their exercises , right on the border of russian and international waters . 
  we also had a radar incidence some years back . 
  we 've installed a series of radars on our northern most parts , saying that they 're for research and tracking space debris . 
  one day a storm blew of the canvas covering the radar dome , and it was revealed that it pointed straight at a nearby russian submarine base . 
  russia was less than pleased . 
  if this issue keep fermenting , it will come down to a renegotiation . 
  our then prime-minister will probably come back just like cameron ; a hand full of bread crumbs claiming it to be a delicious bread . 
  then it 's a free for all . 
  we 'll also be watching how the brexit negotiations go . 
  the change now is that when people are asked about eea or free-trade , it 's close to 50-50 . 
  it used to be closer to 80-20 or 70-30 . 
  just wait for our populist party to start hitting the next government over the head with eea and schengen . 
  they 'll probably answer by either vetoing more directives or making renegotiation a promise for the 2021-election . 
  the problem is not that the wanted regulations are stricter than the eu regulations , but that they 're seen as protectionist . 
  the eu is not happy about that , and we 've been slapped by the esa several time over it . 
  and now we have the whole [ eu giving out fishing quotas in our waters ] ( https://thebarentsobserver.com/en/industry-and-energy/2017/01/norway-takes-tough-line-against-eu-svalbard-waters ) , which has pissed more or less every party . 
  check the sources then , or find your own . 
  it 's better to be constructive in a discussion . 
  i 'll give you some norwegian language sources , google translate should work well . 
  [ progress party wants to keep , but renegotiate the eea agreement ] ( https://www.abcnyheter.no/nyheter/2017/04/04/195292784/frp-vil-beholde-men-reforhandle-eos-avtalen ) [ labor drops pro eu program ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/norge/politikk/ap-dropper-a-sla-fast-at-partiet-er-for-eu-614607b.html ) [ labor wants to put pressure on the eu ] ( http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/lover-a-presse-eu/67561880 ) [ centre party wants to dump the eea agreement after brexit ] ( http://www.nettavisen.no/na24/sp-vil-dumpe-es-avtalen-etter-brexit/3423269232.html ) [ only 2 out of 10 lo ( largest labor organization ) want to keep the eea agreemnt ] ( http://www.neitileu.no/aktuelt/nytt_fra_nei_til_eu/bare_to_av_ti_av_lo_medlemmer_vil_ha_eoes_avtalen ) [ polls show 4 out of 10 people want to drop the eea agreement and adopt a free-trade agreement ] ( http://www.dagsavisen.no/innenriks/fire-av-ti-vil-vrake-eller-reforhandle-eos-avtalen-1.964853 ) the issue has been fermenting for quite a while now , the difference is that it has now reached our populist party , instead of just being a left-wing center issue . 
  any new government coalition will lead to at least on party in government wanting to either drop the eea outright or renegotiate . 
  just wait for the next election cycle , if the progress party drops out of government i expect them to return to their populist roots . 
  they 'll keep hammering the next government about the loss of sovereignty , the issue of eu migration and the loss of border controls due to schengen . 
  by vetoing this directive , a mental line has been passed . 
  it 's no longer 11000-something vs 0 , it 's 11000-something vs 1 . 
   what kind of change are you asking for ? 
  it depends on the party in question . 
  the centre party ( sp - about 12 % in the polls ) wants to drop the whole thing on account of the loss of sovereignty , and what they believe is hurtful regulations . 
  portions of the directives are not really well fit for norway , and leads to weird problems we have to deal with . 
  one example is directives covering the construction of tunnels for car traffic . 
  the regulations make it extremely expensive to build tunnels in norway , as there are limits on the gradient of the roads . 
  it might make sense in relatively flat countries , but in a mountainous one as norway it quickly becomes expensive , as we have to build very long tunnels to keep the gradient within allowed limits . 
  the progress party ( frp , norway 's take on the far right - 12-15 % in the polls ) is a bit more complicated . 
  the party has two wings , one of which is relatively protectionist and wants to leave the eea to cut down migration , and the other is a liberal wing , which wants us to end the preferential treatment of the eu and open us up more to the rest of the world . 
  socialist left ( sv 5 % in the polls ) wants to drop the eea because they see it as harmful to worker 's rights and a neo-liberal construct . 
  green party ( mdg 3-4 % in the polls ) wants to drop the eea agreement to institute even stricter environmental demands which would violate the eea agreement . 
  labor ( arbeiderpartiet 33 % in the polls ) is facing a grass rot uprising against the eea . 
  larger and larger parts of the labor unions are rebelling against the eea , which they say is undercutting norwegian wages , and the forced deregulation are endangering both workplaces and lowering our health and safety regulations . 
  the helicopter directive directly affect the safety of our workers . 
  labor has been trying to curb the uprising by saying that they 'll veto more directives , and expand to constitution to include matters such has health and safety , work place conditions and salary , hoping that putting it in the constitutions will shield if from the eea . 
  they recently dropped a norwegian membership of the eu from their party program . 
  give it another election cycle and they 'll probably start talking about renegotiation the eea once they realize that more vetos and trying to create legal loopholes is n't enough to appease the uprising . 
   and could those be obtained by being an eu member ? 
  nope . 
  edit : helicopter is apparently not spelled with `` j '' . 
  just another example of the political reorentation that 's happening in norway now , all parties ( with the exception of the conservative party ) have moved into a more eurosceptic position . 
  parties that previously worked for an eu membership has dropped it from the party programs , three parties are openly talking about the need for renegotiating eea or pulling legal tricks to avoid some of the directives , two of which ( representing close to 25 % in the current polls ) want to drop eea and schengen if changes are not made to the eea .
