  you 're free to catch fish as long as you adhere to the rules/treaty , though you 're not free to exploit seabed-based resources such as crab . 
  for some inexplicable reason , the eu started to give out quota for crabs , even though they knew that would be in violation of the treaties and agreements between the eu and norway . 
  if they 'd instead talk to us about it , we might have been able to work it out , though the eu instead opted for giving out quotas that were not theirs to give out . 
  if there 's one thing we talk a hard line stance on , it 's illegal fishing . 
  there 's not gon na be more eu vessels fishing in our waters unless we increase the eu quota . 
  that 's probably not going to happen unless the eu stops being [ total asshats ] ( https://thebarentsobserver.com/en/industry-and-energy/2017/01/norway-takes-tough-line-against-eu-svalbard-waters ) when it comes to fishing crabs in our waters . 
  there 's not that much fishing in uk waters by norwegian fishermen . 
  in fact , our own territorial waters provide most of the fish , and we do n't have to share it equally with other eu nations as we 're exempt from the cfp due to our eea agreement . 
  our fish stocks are recovering from the over-fishing prior to the 2000s , though illegal/undocumented fishing by russian vessels are making it difficult to fully implement national regulations on the stocks . 
  a good rule of thumb is to shot the guys yelling `` allahu akbar '' , those are the right guys to shot at 9/10 times . 
  leave the rest alone . 
  well , we bombed the last one out of existence , so we might as well try to get a new one . 
  what a fucking shit show . 
  no wonder , they 're both excellent summer vacation destinations / s, 
  golden boy is starting to look less and less shiny by the day . 
  direct election would also favour bigger countries , you 'd probably end up with a french or german president . 
  it 's very difficult to use direct election as long as the member countries vary so wildly in size . 
  [ grab your chairs people ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/thisgonbgud.gif ), 
  and he 's got some heavy competition . 
  broomhandles instead of guns , i see why now . 
  golden boy is bashing his head against the wall already . 
  i think the first requirement to join is having a cross in your flag, 
  we 've seen both finland and sweden turn towards a more nato-friendly stance lately , when facing a increasingly erratic russia . 
  i 'm sure we could resurrect the proposed [ scandinavian defence union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scandinavian_defence_union ) . 
  our forces regularly train together , and a mutual defensive pact against russian aggression would be pretty easy to defend from a political point of view . 
  as to the eu ; yes , it 's one of the major fault lines . 
  we were already on a path towards a nordic union before the eu got in the way . 
  just look at all the cross border agreements/treaties we signed in the 50s and 60s . 
  we had our own mini-schengen with fom and everything way before the eu came along . 
  in the event of a collapse in the eu , we could very quickly move to resurrect the nordic union and get some serious momentum going . 
  i still think we can deepen the nordic cooperation with the eu in the equation and without jumping directly into a `` one country '' scenario . 
  a good place to start would be a nordic defense union , which our prime mister has started to [ lobby for recently ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-05-29/merkel-s-european-wake-up-call-is-being-answered-in-the-nordics ) . 
  we can also do even more with regards to renewable energy and social issues . 
  the potential is definitely there , it 's just a matter of getting everyone to the table . 
  the eu moves too slowly , and the wide geographical and political span makes it difficult to pass policies that are a perfect fit to the nordic needs . 
  it 's the czech republic ; the police is not gon na shoot a white guy with a gun in the event of a terrorist attack . 
  politically incorrect , i know . 
   there most definitely is a correlation between guns and gun related crime yeah , just like there 's a correlation between cars and car-related deaths . 
  the question is not whether or not guns can be used for crime , it 's whether or not guns increase or decrease the overall level of crime, 
  they need to word it that way to get around the new firearms directive . 
  it has provisions allowing reserve armies to get access to and own firearms that `` normal '' citizens wo n't have access to . 
  by adding a constitutional right/possibility of using private firearms for protection of the state , you 're on paper being made into a militia/reserve military personnel . 
  it 's a way of exploiting the legal loophole to make sure that you actually keep the rights you already have . 
  well , we 're not that politically divided . 
  we 're pretty in tune when it comes to most issues , immigration is probably the one area where the gap between our countries is the biggest ; sweden being the odd one . 
  i hope that we can keep building on the structures we already have within the nordic council , a nordic union/federation would have a population of about 26 million people and be the twelfth largest ( about the size of south korea ) economy in the world . 
  they 've done nothing wrong here . 
  they tried to have the eu wide rules changed , failed to do so , then used one of the legal exemptions granted by the firearms regulation via the constitutional amendment . 
  they 've played ball , and all according to the rules . 
  someone should as the commission to update their website . 
  something tells me they wo n't update that particular page . 
  if the czechs want such an amendment , i see no problem with it . 
  it 's not like they have rampant gun crime to begin with . 
  had n't the eu firearms directive changes been so shit to begin with this would n't have happened . 
   the last time you turned us into danes yeah , sorry about that . 
  turns out our negotiators were pretty shit . 
  i can guarantee you it would n't happen again . 
  give him a couple of more minutes , moving goal posts is a tedious process . 
  i 'm sure he 'll come up with a definition that makes him right . 
  another building block added to the nordic union . 
  you 're very welcome back into the fold if you want to . 
  we prefer to do math on big numbers by comparing it to the oil fund . 
  google 's fine is about 1/400th of an oil fund . 
  sounds cheap . 
  sure , why not . 
  they 're fair game . 
  eu states have backed initial steps for the european commission to negotiate the legal future of the nord stream 2 gas pipeline with russia . 
  `` the mandate was given '' , anna-kaisa itkonen , an eu commission spokeswoman , told euobserver on tuesday ( 27 june ) . 
  pablo micallef , a spokesman for the maltese eu presidency , said `` some 13 '' member states endorsed the plan when eu energy ministers met for informal talks in brussels on monday . 
  maros sefcovic , the eu energy commissioner , who drafted the proposal , told the reuters news agency : `` i 'm definitely optimistic about getting the [ formal ] mandate , but i know this is just the beginning of the debate . '', 
  the danish energy minister , lars christian lilleholt , who was among the 13 eu backers , said : `` i 'm very satisfied . 
  it was the best thing that could have come out of the meeting '' . 
  from 2020 , nord stream 2 is to concentrate 70 percent of russian gas supplies to europe in one route to germany under the baltic sea . 
  but its critics , which include the nordic states , the baltic countries , poland , and the us , say it would harm eu energy security and undermine ukraine , a western ally , by making ukrainian transit pipelines obsolete . 
  eu laws itkonen said the commission wanted to talk to russia on whether the offshore part of nord stream 2 should be covered by the eu 's so-called third energy package . 
  that eu law would oblige russian state firm gazprom to open up its nord stream 2 monopoly to eu competitors - a demand which derailed a previous russian project , the south stream pipeline under the black sea to bulgaria . 
  but itkonen said `` it is not about a [ commission ] veto , it is not about the future of the pipeline , not about the commission approving it or not '' . 
  she said the commission-russia talks would be designed to give `` legal certainty '' on nord stream 2 and that they would be `` nothing spectacular or extraordinary '' because eu officials had held similar talks with `` third countries '' on other projects . 
  the incoming estonian eu presidency is expected to convene a working group to take things forward . 
  the mandate will then have to be formally approved by a `` reinforced qualified majority '' vote by member states , a higher than usual threshold of 72 percent of eu countries representing 65 percent of its population . 
  regulation monopoly the nord stream 2 regulatory framework is currently being negotiated between germany and russia . 
  german , austrian , french , and anglo-dutch firms - uniper , wintershall , omv , engie , and shell - are to take part in the project , with germany and austria keen to press ahead . 
  neither the german nor the austrian minister took the floor on monday , eu sources told reuters , but germany and austria recently attacked the us over its threat to impose sanctions on nord stream 2 investors . 
  `` we decide who supplies us with energy and how they do it '' , the german and austrian foreign ministers said in a joint statement on 15 june . 
  pavlo klimkin , the ukrainian foreign minister , told reuters in paris on monday that nord stream 2 `` would have disastrous consequences for the energy security of the european union and would make the eu dependent on one source . '', 
  `` maybe some companies will benefit for the time being , but in the long-run it will lead nowhere '' , he said . 
  he added that there was no progress on getting russia to cease hostilities in east ukraine . 
  `` how can you trust russia in setting up a unique source of gas supply ? '' , he said , referring to eu and us concerns over russia 's aggressive behaviour toward neighbouring states . 
  it would not surprise me if the current us administration decides to play tit for tat . 
  thanks , that made it real clear to me . 
  let 's wait and see what happens to her if the progress party fails to make it into government again later this year . 
  the party consists of tw.o , about equally sized wings , one is the small state , libertarian wing , the other is the national conservative , `` reverse the migrant flow '' wing . 
  jensen is a part of the first wing , and her replacement may very well come from the other wing . 
  yeah , if you were to follow the rules , but as is always the case with the eu ; rules are flexible , and exceptions are granted willy-nilly if the right country asks . 
  do n't forget our crazy , white , uber-christian guy . 
  then again , he was a reaction to muslim immigration , so you could agree that without that , it would n't have happened ; not fair , but you could . 
  yet another case of not applying the rules . 
  how about they change the rules if they have to keep granting permission to skirt around them all the time . 
  they 're obviously not fit for function if it 's a case of granting exemptions over and over again . 
  looks like someone poured a casserole over some pasta they pulled out from the back of the fridge .
