  he 's also now the guy that says he would try to get the lisbon treaty reworked , since it 's so shitty . 
  i should probably mention that he 's the guy who used to party whip to force it through after the french people voted against the european constitution . 
  interesting how he enacts laws and treaties , only to promise to repeal them later on saying how bad they are for his country . 
  there 's a real possibility future generations will remember merkel 's `` wir schaffen das '' like we remember chamberlain 's peace in our time ; short sighted and hopelessly out of touch with realites . 
  christ , is it still that bad ? 
  if the migrant influx follows the usual patterns , norway expects to see about 3500-4000 asylum seekers for 2016 , currently about 50 % are rejected , and the number will probably increase as even stricter laws are put into place , which enables us to refer people to `` internal refuge '' , ie you can be sent back if parts of your country is safe ( enough ) to live in . 
  edit : a new law kicks in this month which allows us to deny any migrants that show up on borders bordering safe countries . 
  in other words , someone applying for asylum after transiting through sweden will automatically have their application denied as they should have applied in the first country of entry . 
   impotent limp unable to react to anything [ ... ] which is basically the state of eu right now . 
  a slow , incompetent , and essentially powerless eu military would fit right in with the rest of the organization . 
  good question , the issue has yet to be discussed . 
  our politicians are probably going to opt us in , seeing as they really want to join the eu , but they know they 'd lose the third referendum in a row if they try, 
  it 's going to be very interesting to see what , if any , reforms brexit leads to . 
  merkel is stuck in an awkward spot where germany is the only country able and willing to set and steer the agenda , but at the same time she lost a lot of political capital as a result of the migrant crisis where she managed to alienate v4 and austria . 
  more focus on security and an eu army seems given , but it 's going to be much more difficult to handle the calls from italy and others to ramp up spending and the v4 's wish for more devolution of powers . 
  any treaty change in the current political climate will be very diffcult to get through , especially after the commotion that the lisbon treaty caused . 
  well , their leftmost party is pretty radical . 
  in norway r\u00f8dt ( literally red , fully communist ) held one seat until recently . 
  now our leftmost part sv ( socialist left party ) have a leader pulling them even more left , causing them to loose more votes . 
  time to by shares in a company producing barbed wire and tear gas . 
  well , freedom from islam ? 
  oh putin , you charmer !, 
  well , you got ta get those fn votes somehow . 
  it becomes more expensive to buy things abroad compared to domestic purchases , at least until the increased import costs trickle down to the consumers . 
  he sounds more and more like le pen day by day . 
  cane you make gyros ? 
  i might have an opening for you . 
  okay , you 've convinced me . 
  we need to get funding for this to be made . 
  a tale of cocaine , a nose job gone wrong , migrants and unlikely love . 
  * sinister music playing * this summer : to beat le pen , sarkozy must become le pen, 
  so a combination of out of context and orban being orban . 
   the key statement is the following , especially as many claim orb\u00e1n to be a pro-erdogan shill what , orban pro erdogan ? 
  i do n't thing i 've ever seen that accusation before . 
  got it a bit messed up there . 
  to `` sleike noen opp etter ryggen '' is basically the equivalent of kissing someone 's ass . 
  point is , the norwegian government is getting told by parties in the opposition , lobbyists and unions to accept any british attempt to join efta . 
  whether or not you apply is up to you . 
  we do however worry about the shifting of power if you were to join , you 'd dwarf the other members in terms of economy , hard and soft political power . 
  we 're a bit worried you 'd start renegotiation/messing with the current efta system , which we 're pretty pleased with right now . 
  there has been a few newspaper articles on how our minster of european matters and prime minster are reluctant to let the uk into efta fearing that they 'll shift the balance . 
  on the other hand , they both come from a party that really wants norway in the eu , but they do n't have enough support in the people to call a third ( ! ), 
  referendum for us to join , so a lot of us just brush it off as them ~ ~ licking up the backs of the eu ~ ~ kissing the eu 's ass . 
  recently the national organizations for employees and companies made it clear that we need a free trade agreement with the uk , and that efta membership is a quick fix . 
  today influential lobbying organizations within the fishing industry called for a british efta membership if they choose to pursue one . 
  that 's right britain , if you cross us we 'll shut off the gas and you can wave goodbye to your precious tea !, 
  finally we can blackmail just like russia . 
   it 's not the monetary system that prevents that , but a policy choice , anyway . 
  and the policy was put in place to ensure convergence among the countries in the euro zone . 
  it 's not directly caused by the euro , but by the framework supposed to make the euro work . 
   vested interests are very strong in italy , there 's a lot more work to be done to make it easier to start a new business . 
  for example , some sectors have numerus clausus or licensing requirements that effectively just serve to keep the existing people in business and new people out . 
  they should work more on that . 
  however , the lack of new business is hardly the problem . 
  domestic demand is very low and exports are barley any better than they were pre 2008 . 
  italian economy has been stagnant for the last 8 years . 
  in that time large reforms have been passed , without having had significant effect . 
  we see the same issues with spain and greece . 
   the same problem applies to a large country that has several regions with disparate economic needs though . 
  correct , certain countries may make up several optimal currency zones , but managing a country with several currencies would be a nightmare . 
  this is solved by fiscal transfers . 
   france , the uk , germany , spain , italy , etc. 
  should all have several currencies on their territory by that logic . 
  no , that would be stupid . 
  you instead subsidize the poorly performing areas by transferring money from rich to poor states . 
  we need the same thing if the euro is to work properly for southern europe . 
  i however do n't think the germans are on board with the idea of supporting greece , spain and italy with direct money transfers , especially given the rhetoric that they 're lazy , retire too early and that their industries are in dire need for modernization . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  one day they 're tapping terrorists , the next day they 're tapping the opposition . 
  it 's unsettling that politicians ask for such measures knowing the history of this continent when it comes to oppressive dictators and totalitarian regimes . 
  yeah . 
  as i 've tried to point out to people before , having a currency pegged to the euro is not the same as using the euro . 
  one can always adjust or even abandon a peg if it becomes necessary . 
  what do you do if you 're in the euro-zone and the currency is actually hurting you ? 
  you can always try to change the mind of the policy makers , but for a small country it 's going to be close to impossible to get changes passed . 
  you can also try to shift some of the bank rates , but you wo n't get the full effect if you still use a currency you ca n't control . 
  the only alternative left to you is to abandon the euro , with all the economical fallout that entails . 
   central banks should be and are in most cases politically independent from government , hence electing a new government does not necessarily imply electing a new monetary policy central banks are given much autonomy , they 're usually run by experts in their fields . 
  but , if a cb gets way out of line , a government can either replace its members or simply form a new agenda which shapes the actions of the cb . 
  leaks have made it clear that the ecb is being pushed around mainly by germany , and the one-sided focus on inflation and keeping public spending in check instead of actually focusing on more useful metrics such as those you mention , is not doing anyone a favor . 
   however , the policy they follow to reach their aims has very little democrativ input . 
  as i said . 
  there 's little direct input , but when the system gets to much out of touch with the electorate , a government elected by the people can step in an make the necessary adjustments . 
  it 's not uncommon for cbs to see their policies reworked or goals changes when a new government takes office . 
  and what about the paris attackers , which communicated in the open , using ordinary sms ? 
  the problem right now is not encryption , but the security services lack of ability to handle , categorize , analyze and act on huge amounts of data . 
  we 've also seen examples where one european country warns its neighbor about named extremists , yet they 're able to move freely and without being put under surveillance . 
   playing with currency value is playing with fire imo , but i 'm no economist . 
  it 's extremely common , almost all countries in the world engage in this practice . 
  central banks buy and sell currency and adjust central bank rates in an attempt to steer their currency where they feel it needs to be , or to adjust inflation to levels that suit the local economy . 
   requesting an institution ( a federal reserve bank ) to depress wages or purchasing powers nation-wide without any democratic input , yet criticizing the eu for being undemocratic . 
  it boggles the mind . 
  italian voters can replace the government with another one if they 're not happy with the fiscal and monetary policy of their central bank . 
  italian voter 's ca n't replace the german , french , british , danish , austrian ... governments . 
  all in all , voter 's across the eurozone has very little potential to change and affect the policies of the ecb . 
  with a free floating currency , you wo n't / do n't have to , strictly speaking , adjust the exchange rates , they should return to their perceived values . 
  central banks do however try to adjust the exchange rate by different means , such as adjusting the bank rates and by buying and selling foreign currency . 
   you do realise that devaluation hurts importers and reduces purchasing power ? 
  yes , i even addressed the drop in purchasing power as basically being a drop in wages across the country . 
  italy 's problems are not centered around importation , but the lack of viable exportation , either of goods or services .
