  may is a tory , she 'll cut peoples legs off if it saves gov. 
  spending . 
  it 's not going to come to that , both the uk and eu is too inter-dependent to screw each other over . 
  and then the uk is going to respond by instating unilateral tolls , and we have a trade war going , which is in no-ones interest . 
  in the end both parties will strike a deal , which is somewhere in between of what both parties see as ideal . 
  it 's not going to come to such nuclear options , both parties are too reliant on each other for that to happen . 
   the uk wo n't have any say in those regulations anymore . 
  the uk is not going to have anything to say when it comes to regulations anyways once they leave anyways . 
  they can however drop their own internal regulations on working conditions , environment and so on in addition to corporate taxes in order to attract new business , economic and financial support which are banned under current eu rules can also be given to individual companies or sectors . 
  probably not , but it 's a viable way forward if the uk drops sm . 
  you could also threaten the eu with such an action of they do n't give some concessions in terms of access to sm without fom . 
  the uk could always opt for the `` nuclear option '' and drop regulations and corporate taxes as low as possible to make up for some of the losses when exiting the sm to attract businesses . 
  there are [ other ways ] ( https://youtu.be/efmz76erwnc?t=34s ) if you 're interested . 
  yet spanish politicians seem intent to change the way gibraltar is governed . 
  ~ ~ poland ~ ~ polish -- lithuanian commonwealth to the rescue !, 
  no shit sherlock . 
  turns out a joint thing is difficult if you 're the only one agreeing to it . 
  we use iris scans and sometimes dna as well . 
  gon na pluck out your eyes and remove every strain of dna in your body ? 
  good luck . 
  they usually just go to sweden instead , mission accomplished . 
  which is also one of the reasons we voted against joining in the first place . 
  but he only had one set of fingerprints i assume ? 
  germany , get a grip . 
  and the scots are going to be left with a massive budget deficit if they leave the uk , they 're not gon na be allowed to join the eu under the current rules . 
  that 's ... nice i guess . 
  yeah , he seems prone to go with whatever idea or option that was presented to him the shortest time ago . 
  i 'm convinced , without a doubt , that the long term plan was to enter us into the eu through the backdoor . 
  both h\u00f8yre and ap wants us to join since we 're basically already members without a vote . 
  then maybe they should n't have entered is into the eea after losing two eu referendums . 
  oh , you said no again ? 
  let 's sign us up to pretty much the same , this time without you having a say . 
  this is just another piece of the puzzle . 
  we 're seeing a reemergence in nationalism/anti-globalism in the western world , the stuff going on in turkey has other roots , but it 's surprisingly similar in some ways . 
  in uk this has taken the form of may , who 's authoritarian in her views on surveillance and she 'll gladly ditch the eu to deliver in less immigration . 
  i expect the same thing to happen in other european countries during the coming election season , i do n't really expect the far right to win in either germany or france , but their rapid growth is very interesting and should be cause for concern for the established parties . 
  look at austria , most of the politicians in eu very absolutely delighted that vdb beat hofer in the second round , even though he got a whooping 46 % of the vote . 
  when a guy who actively champions the idea of a greater germania/pan-germanism gets almost half of the vote the established parties should n't celebrate , they ought to piss their pants . 
  beating the far right this election is not enough and they wo n't go away , they 'll in fact grow stronger and keep feeding on the same flawed mechanisms that caused the discontent among the electorate to begin with . 
  the social/christian democratic parties either need to adapt and change some of their principles , or see themselves be swept out of power by right and left wing parties over the coming years . 
  i do n't worry about the 2017 election season , but the 2021/22 . 
  on this sub we often discuss the far left and far rights want for economic protectionism , but we rarely discuss cultural protectionism , which in my opinion is going to get far more powerful in the coming years and a much bigger factor than the economy . 
  sure , there are still ways out , but i have a hard time seeing may or other influential torries do anything to purposefully derail the processes , at least based on the current situation . 
  the electorate has decided that they 're going to leave , though the terms were never really laid out clearly before the vote . 
  the ftpt voting system and the involved constituencies ensure that may has to deliver on brexit . 
  saying that it was close on 52/48 may be true , but the voting system skews heavily in favor of delivering a real ( hard or no fom ) brexit . 
   you could have the queen/king unilaterally declaring it 's stupid and stopping the whole thing . 
  the british are so fond of their monarchy they 'll probably accept it . 
  haha , imagine the fallout if the queen dies , charles assumes the throne and then just cancels brexit . 
  but it gives the local peasants the chance of finally seeing an educated , well-fed and rich career politician . 
  kind of like when regents in the olden days would ride the country side to show the underlings what a real man looks like . 
  looks like the unified front is already falling apart . 
   - theresa may has utterly failed to reduce non-eu immigration , why do you think it 's that important to her ? 
  it 's important to her because it 's important to the electorate . 
  the fact that she was n't able to reduce non-eu migration is water under the bridge . 
  the uk public is largely convinced that the eu is to blame for migration and may will play that fiddle if it wins her the election . 
   - people know that a negative downturn will be due to brexit , as this is what everyone has said will happen . 
  even if it 's not the fault of brexit it will be in the people 's eyes . 
  sure , they 'll blame the deal they got , but they 'll not blame may for it , but the eu . 
  it will only cement may 's position . 
   - corbyn will be gone before the next election , in my opinion , unless he manages to raise his ratings . 
  corbyn and his idiot followers will stay even though they have no idea how to appeal to a wider range of the population . 
   - polls have shown the public value prosperity and trade above controls on immigration . 
  they will blame the government if they prioritise the latter and it means failing on the former . 
  they 'll get emotional about how they got mistreated ( in their view ) by the eu and cling to may . 
  it 's gon na be trump all over again . 
  people will blame the migrants already in the uk when their wages keep stagnating or fall . 
  you wait and see . 
  i 'm absolutely convinced that may is willing to pull the hardest possbile brexit if it gives her control of migration . 
  the eu can either give them a deal without fom or see the uk pull out fully . 
  may will blame any economic fallout on the eu and will sucesfully blame it on the eu 's percived need for punishing the uk for leaving . 
  labour is going to get wrecked under corbyn , so may will run the ship unopposed . 
  the pro brexit people are already pushing out more moderate voices . 
  it 's either no fom for the uk or nothing . 
  i 'll have you know that my competitor is both incompetent and shady at the same time !, 
  pick me instead , please . 
  come on , they voted to leave , and that 's it . 
  trying to weasel your way out of the leave vote by some sort of half-assed separation from the eu is not an option . 
  i ca n't see the eu or its members be willing to compromise enough on fundamental values and freedoms to ensure that the uk can stay in and still deliver on immigration . 
  that 's certainly true , but schengen is meant to facilitate fom . 
  no , but the economic differences has caused massive internal migration from the outer members to the central ones . 
  not saying it 's intentional , just an observation . 
  wow , it did n't take long for schengen to start crumbling under the threats of terrorism made evident by the 2016 . 
  turns out the four fundamental pillars are a bit pliable after all . 
  ### elections : - gert wilder 's pvv ends up as the biggest party , yet remains outside the government instead relying on pulling the other parties further right . 
  - le pen makes it to the second round vs fillon , and tries to make a play for the left-leaning voter base by acting as a counterweight to fillion 's stated thatcher like economic policies , this fails and fillon wins by a margin 65-35 . 
  - afd gets 15 % in the national election . 
  the cdu and spd grand-coalition scrapes by , barley . 
  merkel remains chancellor , but has to battle through 2017 with less political capital than usual . 
  #### economy : - euro and dollar reaches parity as interest rates pickup in the us and the increased pressure on weak performing economies in southern europe starts weighing down the euro more and more . 
  - the euro remains fragile , but survives . 
  no major changes will be made to the ez due to it being an election year important states . 
  ### brexit : - may triggers article 50 in march . 
  - the uk threatens to de-regulate and massively cut corporate taxes trying to attract businesses in order to attempt to strong-arm the eu into giving the best possible terms . 
  - the negotiations are slow going , and the uk tries to drive a wedge between the member states that are increasingly facing fragmentation within the eu from other events . 
  ### russia/security : - russia tries to scale down its operation in syria , and starts pulling out slowly counting on iran and other me states to help out assad 's forces . 
  - sanctions on russia remain until mid 2017 , but are not renewed as fillon takes a more pro-putin position and the removal of us sanctions by trump . 
  merkel and germany tries to keep them in place , but fail . 
  - russia tests the limits of how far they can go with an eu divided on russia , by making small green-man incursions into the baltic , but no actual land-grab happens . 
  - russian aggression in ukraine continues , and the separatists are able to grab even more land .
