  the dublin rule fell into disarray when angela merkel opted not to enforce it last autumn , triggering a rush of people trying to reach germany . 
  according to draft reform options seen by the financial times , responsibility for all asylum claims could be shifted to the european asylum support office . 
  this offers advice to national governments but would be turned into a federal agency responsible for claims . 
  if brussels pressed ahead with this option it would mark another transfer of sovereignty to the eu and ultimately require treaty change . 
  the uk has an `` opt-out '' on matters of justice and home affairs and would not be forced to join any new system . 
  but the plan will prompt unease just as britain is trying to resist separate changes to the dublin regulation , which has allowed the british to transfer 12,000 asylum seekers to other eu countries since 2003 . 
  the uk could lose that facility under the overhaul if it decides to opt out of the new system . 
  justine greening , development secretary , has warned that london would be `` concerned and strongly against '' any such plans if they ended the `` initial country status '' approach . 
   so how are deportations going at the moment ? 
  any hope that at least most of them could be deported ? 
  a mixed bag . 
  we have returned about 500 directly via russia . 
  according to a 2008 agreement between russia and norway , the respective countries have to take back those with denied asylum claims . 
  russia has however decided not to honor that agreement for the last 2 months . 
  we 'll most likley be stuck with at least 2500 syrians that should have applied for asylum in russia but did n't . 
  it sucks , but having russia as a neighbor is difficult . 
   maybe directly back to their home countries if russia is not cooperative . 
  we 're already deporting nigerians , pakistanis , egyptians and nepalese back to their home countries . 
  all in all we except to be able to return about 1500-200 of the 5500 that came via russia . 
  denying their claims is one thing , actually getting them out of the country is more complicated . 
  there is currently a piece of legislation that the government wants to pass the assigns parts of iraq and afghanistan as safe countries of origin . 
  its up for vote some time during the easter holiday . 
   i remember norway is accepting around 1 % of people coming from russia - so that 'll not be a mass option . 
  we have approved 1 % of the processed applications , but we start with those who most likley will be denied . 
  we have gotten about 3000 syrians via russia , and virtually every single one of those will have their applications approved once the immigration authorities are done with the obvious non-conforming applications . 
  a sizeable portion of those who came to norway only had student or 30 days visas . 
  which makes returning them close to impossible . 
  luckily russia closed to russian-norwegian route after instense diplomatic negotiation , but they could in theory open the route again anytime . 
  a large portion of them had been in russia for at least a year . 
  some had permanent residence , some had student visas , and others had 1 year stay visas that were about to expire . 
  somewhere between 20 and 30 % only had short term stay visas in russia , such as 30 day holiday visas . 
   putin only likes the crisis as long as he do n't have to worry about more than supporting assad . 
  if migrants try to cross russia in numbers hell breaks loose . 
  norway had approximately 5500 migrants coming across the border in 2 months . 
  at most we saw almost 200 people a day , and those people had to ride a bicycle for 40 km in harsh winter weather . 
  we could easily have 1000 + days in the summer . 
  the question is , where will the flow divert to ? 
  one possibility is that the flow resumes across the russian border into norway and finland . 
  really , the v4 coalition can be pretty influential when they want to . 
  poland alone is rather influential , not anywhere near france or germany , but still . 
  it has been very interesting to see the west-east fracture over the migrant crisis . 
  during the euro crisis we saw a north-south fracture . 
  hopefully merkel sees that pushing through forced quotas would just piss off the v4 , and might trigger an eu collapse down the road . 
  that being said , she seems pretty set on following her own path , even though she 's losing allies left and right , even austria has basically given her the middle finger by imposing a limit and working with the balkan to seal off the route . 
  i agree with many of the points that this proposal raises , namely harmonizing rules across the eu . 
  that means a common list of safe countries , rights for refugees , a common registration and processing system as well as a eu wide deportation service . 
  if the eu puts its entire weight behind deportation , i believe we could pressure countries such as afghanistan , iraq , pakistan , morocco and others to take back their citizens if they are not entitled to asylum . 
  i find it unbelievable that the largest economic area in the world measured in gdp is unable to strike return agreements with smaller countries . 
  actual consensus ? 
  or rather the forced `` consensus '' through qmv ? 
  i ca n't see what v4 would gain by accepting relocation quotas for example . 
  even the politicians in my country , norway , has made it clear that we will not be accepting quotas unless the unrestricted flow of non-quota migrants essentially stops . 
  well , i 'm confused . 
  the only thing i can make out is `` stop fucking running '' . 
  edit : never mind , nationalists fleeing immigrants . 
   it blows my mind how they call themselves the european union , but if one state starts having problems , they hang that state out to dry . 
  the politicians call us a union , the people ; not so much . 
  in my opinion the biggest problem facing the eu right now is it 's size . 
  it has been greedy and expanded as wide and far as possible . 
  this has lead to the inclusion of states and nations which are interested in the economical integration and less keen on the political aspects . 
  it 's very difficult to reach good compromises on difficult problems facing the eu when its members want widely different things . 
  putting it bluntly ; it 's easier to find a scapegoat that we can collectively blame than it is to pass meaningful reforms which are unpopular . 
  i 'm starting to think that the eu should to a greater extent separate the political and economical integration . 
  i realize that there is some overlap between those two , but i think it 's an important distinction to make . 
  i 'd rather see a core of eu nations dedicated to political integration and a fringe of members more interested in the trade aspects . 
  that would only solve the problems with the syrian refugees , a group that makes up a smaller and smaller portion of the migrant steam . 
  it would also be problematic due to at least two reasons . 
  1 - there is no eu army . 
  it would have to be done either through nato or by individual countries contributing . 
  2 - the proposed safe zone area would keep the kurdish rebels from linking up their two territories . 
  this would play into erdogan 's hands , and complicates the situation . 
  it 's not like erdogan solely wants the safe zone to host refugees , it 's also about limiting the kurdish influence . 
  at some point merkel needs to understand that banking on turkey halting the flow is simply not going to work . 
  we need to look at other alternatives that do n't involve paying turkey large sums of money for not unleashing millions of refuges and migrants . 
  if this goes on i fear that we might abandon the whole refugee convention without getting a good replacement . 
  it 's either that or risk parts of eu flying off . 
  the brexit referendum is coming up and voters will be influenced if they see that the eu is still unable to handle migration in controlled and sustainable manner even after spending considerable monetary and political capital on attempting to solve the problem . 
  they 're first and second generations with swedish nationality , it 's too late . 
  you have a short timeframe for successful integration of migrants and that was 20-30 years ago for most of those living in thar area . 
  great . 
  now we only have to integrate iceland and take back greenland and the greater norwegian kingdom will rise from the swedish-danish oppression !, 
  getting back vinland might be a tad more difficult . 
  sure , but you got ta start calling it by its real name , b\u00e5huslen . 
  we should do a preemptive invasion of jemtland and herjedalen putin style to protect the `` native norwegians '' you stole from us . 
  i imagine there would be riots be the end of the week . 
  at this speed norway is going to share a huge border with a failed state in a couple of decades . 
  we need to end this madness or we risk falling into total anarchy or extremely repressive states . 
  the problem is that the word `` fair '' is open for interpretation . 
  it 's like asking `` do you support taking in just the right amount of refugees '' , of course the answer is going to be yes . 
  ask them `` do you support taking an excessive amount of refugees '' ? 
  and the answer will be no . 
  questions like these are meaningless unless they ask about specific numbers . 
  well , some of those polled may very well feel that it 's `` fair '' that their country receives 0 refugees , seeing as part of the narrative is that merkel invited them . 
  that 's one less argument for keeping the borders open . 
  lovely . 
  we ca n't have people `` voting wrong '' in democracies , that would simply not be acceptable . 
  it was , as far as i can tell , entirely fact based . 
  anything you disagree with ? 
   at the current rate , within a year of the borders being closed , the migrant population in greece would exceed the population of macedonia , and be able to stand shoulder to shoulder along the entire greek-european land border . 
  how would they stop that ?
