  and say what you want about catholics ... but at least they will get drunk with you :d, 
   i do n't know and i do n't care really . 
  well i do , and so do millions of other people , but i digress . 
  that 's a conversation for another time . 
   but seriously there are actual muslims who wants to live a normal life and feed their family and seeing them being branded `` cowards '' is insulting . 
  yeah i imagine that would be . 
  getting attacked by people of your own faith for being cowards for not joining a terrorist organization would be awful , especially when that is compounded by people of other faiths automatically lumping you in with terrorists just because you are muslim . 
  secular muslims are in a really tough bind , being attacked by your own people and by outsides . 
  i do not envy their situation . 
  and fuck man , it 's hard to look at your picture without losing faith in my fellow humans . 
  a man with his daughter is reduced to selling plastic pens on the street , and now he is a considered a coward for not killing in the name of his faith . 
  we live in crazy times , and i do n't think this will end any time soon . 
  would it make any difference if it was approved by a shura council ? 
  would mass murder then be justified ? 
  i have a challenge for you : go an entire day without calling someone racist . 
  if you ca n't do that , you have serious problems . 
  what do you mean when you say `` where i live , leaving islam is n't punishable by death '' ? 
  obviously , you are n't referring to german law here . 
  that punishment takes the form of honor killings done outside the boundaries of your government 's laws . 
  so are you saying that muslims in germany do n't usually partake in honor killings ? 
  i 'm honestly asking since i do n't have any experience with german muslims . 
  the only people believing in myths are people like you . 
  you 're not correcting anything . 
  your spewing bullshit and being called out on it . 
  not only is leaving islam punishable by death , muslims have a religious obligation to kill people who leave the faith . 
  it is an order straight from quran . 
  you * must * kill someone who leaves the faith . 
  too many bad memories i take it ? 
  then you clearly have n't gotten drunk enough :d, 
  alright . 
  i think we 're both done with this argument since we probably have been in countless arguments like this before and know exactly where it 's headed . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  i have heard it all before . 
  denial does nothing to change the truth . 
  someone 's culture they grew up in is perhaps the singular most important thing in determining whether someone succeeds or fails . 
  you can talk on and on about socio-economics and education , those things clearly also play a part . 
  but if you completely ignore how culture impacts a person 's development , then you are leaving a gaping blind spot in any analysis you could make . 
  and it is pretty obvious to everyone who is n't african american that there are some serious problems with their culture that need to be addressed . 
  if you deny that , then you implicitly support the status quo . 
  if you are unwilling to admit their culture needs to be changed , then you implicitly want more of the same . 
  more generations of misery , more race riots down the line . 
  the only way to overcome those is by overcoming the detriments in their culture . 
  sorry man , being a realist does n't mean you 're a racist . 
  it 's time we stop thinking like that . 
  it 's only hurting ourselves . 
  ummm ... common sense ? 
  but i guess when a woman has 5 different children by 5 different men , and a guy has 6 kids with 5 different women , that has nothing to do with `` culture '' right ? 
  or how their entire music industry revolves around glorifying thug/criminal life and the vast majority of african americans subscribe to that celebration of thug life , that has nothing to do with culture , right ? 
  and yeah , the government does discriminate against them , by giving them free housing , free food , free education , easier entrance requirements to universities and jobs . 
  yeah , it has nothing to do with culture when virtually every other race in america is running laps around african americans , that has nothing to do with culture , right ? 
  this is basic stuff that should n't even need explaining . 
  i mean ... have you interacted with people from the ghetto before ? 
  they fuck themselves over ... they do n't need outside help to do that . 
  he 's saying black culture is n't helping them succeed . 
  he 's 100 % right by the way . 
  their own culture is their largest obstacle to success , and this is self evident . 
  it got lifted by another mod ? 
  i messaged a second mod and included my comment that got me banned . 
  i asked him to review it , but never got a response . 
  did you just send a mod a pm or something ? 
  which mod did you ask ( if you do n't want to answer that question , i understand ) . 
  of course he is . 
  he actually banned me for a month for making `` islamaphobic '' comments in a thread accusing him of sweeping islamic terrorism under the rug . 
  i guess he has a weird sense of humor or something ... or he 's just another lame sjw . 
   i do n't particularly like the modern world ... your modern world ... ok . 
  i did n't realize i was talking to an imbecile . 
  for someone who does n't like the modern world , you sure do n't seem to have an issue using computers and the internet and fucking around on reddit . 
  if you laugh the modern world so much , you should move to western pennsylvania . 
  there 's plenty of amish folk there who would love to take you in and show you how amazing life was before the modern world . 
  but i take it you will never do that . 
  instead you 'll continue utilising all the technology and infrastructure this modern world built for you . 
  so the us is part of europe now ? 
  ok , then where 's our invitation to eurovision ? 
  did you just say that the industrial revolution was a * bad * thing for humanity ? 
  it literally created the modern world . 
  you should probably throw away your computer , stop riding in cars/planes/trains / buses , quit your job , and go back to harvesting wheat if you so seriously regret the industrial revolution . 
  meanwhile , you 've reminded me to thank britain for that , which i 've never done before . 
  cheers to you britain . 
  i 've been reminded again that your people created the modern world . 
  it 's not too shabby if i do say so myself . 
  thanks for the language too . 
  it 's fucking awesome . 
  i love how this thread asks people what they think about their former empire , and you get down voted for saying what you think . 
  i guess saying the british empire did more harm than good is n't an opinion one is allowed to have anymore . 
  arizona . 
  about half an hour outside of phoenix . 
  my town was between two reservations . 
  the fort mcdowell reservation where the yavapai live , and the salt river reservation where the pima lived . 
  both reservations were flush with the money from wealthy , midwestern retirees . 
  this is kinda funny to see since i grew up next to a reservation . 
  all the indians in that rez were alcoholics that got a shit ton of money from their casino . 
  sadly , the `` alcoholic casino owners '' alluded to this post are the lucky ones . 
  the unlucky tribes are just alcoholics . 
  they do n't even have a casino . 
  they have nothing . 
  not even their language remain for most of them . 
  you know , russia is n't alone in acting like that though . 
  powerful countries often act as if their writ is global . 
  i totally understand your view . 
  i guess i would be upset more with my own country let it happen though .
