  that 's pretty cool . 
  thanks . 
  hmmm ... where do those names of regions come from ? 
  are castille , leon , and aragon names of ruling families or something ? 
  where does the word `` spain '' come from if it 's a collection of all three ? 
  i 've never seen this before so i 'm kind of interested ( and clearly too lazy to google it ) . 
  seriously . 
  think of all those sweet government bennies . 
  i hear in sweden each person gets 365 days of paid vacation a year . 
  throw away your working boots , you 'll never need those again . 
  just kick back , relax , and let those fat checks roll in . 
  jeez . 
  imagine being his friend on facebook . 
  you post pictures of you drinking at a bar . 
  he posts pictures of the milky way from a freakin ' space station . 
  i 'd probably mumble something about him being a showoff , hide his posts , and then buy a bottle of liquor and drink it to myself while weeping . 
  that 's 700 euros per month more than absolutely nothing , which is what they currently get . 
  you 're definitely right about that . 
  we do have referendums at the national level , they are at the local and state level . 
  unfortunately , wars are usually not on a ballot as foreign policy is not something usually trusted to the populace to vote on . 
  the only way obamacare was voted for or against was through congressmen who campaigned on that issue . 
  so it does n't sound like the finnish system is that divergent from most systems , including my own . 
  i dunno , i was just trying to understand how it works there . 
  thanks for helping me out with that . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not . 
  since when is voting on issues associated with dictatorship ? 
  not every issue . 
  but major ones . 
  and i would consider mass migration to be an issue worthy enough of a public vote . 
  it 's not unreasonable to ask . 
  ok . was this crisis anticipated before the elections or is this a completely new issue ? 
  it is possible they campaigned for what they thought would be upcoming issues , and the refugee crisis completely blind sided them so they may have a mandate for a number of issues , but not this specific one . 
  i have no idea though . 
  was there any sort of immigration dimension to the campaigns ? 
  well at this point . 
  i do n't know what to believe . 
  finnish redditors are telling me one thing , this article has a direct quote from the finance minister who was giving a speech at a news conference . 
  people are telling me that never happened , yet here we are discussing an article that says it did happen . 
  how about this . 
  i 'm not sure what is going on and i 'll hold off until more info comes out . 
  how have i been corrected ? 
  people keep saying that he was referring to the overall budget . 
  how am i supposed to assume they are correct when the article sites a direct quote from the finance minister ? 
  i do n't have an agenda . 
  i do n't care at all about the specifics of finland 's budget ... do you think i 'm shilling about a tax to cover a deficit in a country i 've never been to ? 
  the wealthy move out , the poor move in . 
  sounds like a great economic plan that will send finland to the promised land of abundant riches anytime soon . 
  yeah why would anyone move to the uk when you could just seek asylum in sweden instead . 
  i 'm gon na hedge my bets and assume the finance minister of finland is correct here . 
  where the hell did that come from ? 
  thanks for clearing that up !, 
  then why did he say it had everything to do with immigration ? 
  i mean , it is not uncommon to raise taxes due to normal budget constraints . 
  you do n't need to lie about it . 
  so why would he specifically invoke immigration as the reason for increasing taxes if it has nothing to do with it ? 
  i mean , he could have said `` our economy is not as strong as we were hoping . 
  therefore we have run into budget deficits and need more tax revenue to cover the costs '' that conversation happens all the time in every country . 
  no need to call it a solidarity tax for refugees . 
  so why would he say that if it was n't the case ? 
  well i am not sure how it works in finland . 
  do they just vote for parties ? 
  or can they vote for specific issues ? 
  as in , is there a ballot that asks the people whether or not they want increased immigration . 
  and then is there a follow up question asking whether or not they are ok with increasing taxes to accommodate the immigrants ? 
  for all i know , they just vote for parties or individuals who campaign around certain issues . 
   it is important that the implementation of that legislation is well thought through ... 
  otherwise that could lead to chaos after september 15 at the border , '' have they been watching the news ? 
  there is already chaos at the borders . 
  well i do n't know what to believe . 
  you say :  not because we 're having money problems due to refugees . 
  yet your finance minister alexander stubb is quoted in this article as saying :  `` these will help to cover higher immigration costs which we estimate to be about 114 million euros this year , '' stubb told a news conference . 
  so your finance minister stated this solidarity tax was to cover immigration costs at a news conference . 
  now you are saying foreign news outlets are completely inept at reporting what goes on in finnish society . 
  how are news outlets supposed to figure out it has `` nothing to do with refugees '' when your own finance minister said this very thing directly to news outlets ? 
   finance minister alexander stubb said the highest bracket of capital gains tax would be raised by 1 percentage point while people earning more than 72,300 euros ( $ 81,000 ) would be required to pay a so-called solidarity tax for two years , lowering the threshold from 90,000 euros . 
  were the finnish people themselves consulted on showing solidarity ? 
  or did they have no say in either immigration or tax levels ? 
  why would you give up talking to someone who is discussing very real issues that are effecting his country ? 
  fuck that would be a terrible thing to happen to you . 
  it 's really easy to dehumanize other people in a crisis . 
  but what the hell is that outside world supposed to do when a million people arrived before this family , and a million more are coming after ? 
  it 's ok . 
  they will just ask nato for help :d, 
  this seems more of a matter of law enforcement . 
  coast guards should handle this , not the navy since this lacks a military dimension . 
  however if the coast guard lacks the resources to handle it , then an argument could be made for either allocating resources from the navy to the coast guard , or coordinating closely between the two . 
  nato should not be involved though . 
  europe needs to prove to itself that it can handle crisis effectively . 
  it can not be taken seriously if it is utterly useless at tackling major problems on its own . 
  why not both ? 
  that goes for pretty much any country that has the power to ignore treaties . 
  minor countries are not afforded this luxury . 
   geopolitics is about the place where the * country or region * is and the signification of that area in relation to politics . 
  countries and regions are defined by borders . 
  and nothing about schengen stipulates illegal movement of goods or people across it 's borders . 
  all countries signed up to schengen agreed to certain terms and conditions upon which goods and people can cross their borders . 
  illegal crossing of those borders is not included in those terms and conditions . 
  therefore illegal movement of people violates that nation 's sovereignty !, 
  and again , back to geopolitics . 
  borders fall along a defined geography .
