  you speak for the whole world now ? 
  yup . 
  lefties just slap the word `` neo '' in front of something when they want to tarnish an ideology without having to actually have substance for their criticism . 
  it 's the easy way out . 
  dude . 
  this is par for the course for the guardian . 
  and yet i catch so much flak on this sub for having the audacity of criticizing this media outlet . 
  the guardian is extremely biased and most of their editorials are vomit inducing garbage . 
  i expect nothing less from them . 
  why is this guy making these claims ? 
  it 's a waste of everyone 's time . 
  are n't there more serious issues to attend to ? 
  how does it feel to be invaded by canada ? 
  are n't those shitty soldiers the same soldiers who send shivers down your country 's spine ? 
  did we forget the bombing of the marine barracks in beirut which killed 240 marines leading to reagan completely withdrawing all soldiers from lebanon ? 
  who makes fun of spetsnaz ? 
  teenage , keyboard warriors ? 
  how does germany expect to get a permanent seat on the unsc when it 's military is in such a woeful , shambolic state ? 
  and did n't their defense minister just laugh off the suggestion that germany should fund it 's military more by saying they are spending more than enough already and it 's military is powerful enough ? 
  what does she have to say now ? 
  if this article is correct , germany 's military is an embarrassment . 
  and these guys also have the best economy in europe . 
  ridiculous . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know australia is part of america . 
  now i 'm wondering why i needed a visa when i went there last winter since i do n't need one to visit other states . 
  huh . 
  surprised it 's not [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/konstantin_rokossovsky ) guy . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  you 're not gon na get much casino money as an apache . 
  their reservation is too isolated . 
  try yavapai or pima instead . 
  those are very lucrative tribes to be a part of . 
  may i suggest moving to scottsdale , arizona and marrying a nice indian lady ( or dude , whatever floats your boat ) ? 
  yup . 
  geography dictates that the us will always be canada 's largest trading partner . 
  it 's that simple . 
  that 's just as bad . 
  the only joke about scots i know : what 's the only thing a scotsman wears under his kilt ? 
  anyways , why should they ? 
  is n't that their job ? 
  i did n't know our spies took union breaks . 
  keep spying assholes , you 're on the damn clock !, 
  these comments are hilarious . 
  seeing poles and russians talk shit to each other is like watching children at a playground fight . 
  do you guys ever let stuff go or will you be talking about battles and wars that happened between your countries until the end of time ? 
  * excellent * . 
  i will keep that in mind for my next encounter with neutrolgreek . 
  anything else you would suggest for rustling greek jimmies , or do you not want to give me too much ammunition ? 
  damn . 
  you 've grown thick skin . 
  i 'll just have to try harder , and keep trying . 
  not close enough to visit other european countries . 
  if you are an american going to europe , you want to be able to check a few countries off your list in one trip . 
  ca n't really do that with iceland . 
  why are you surprised about russia ? 
  i 'm sure a lot of people would like to say they 've been to st. petersburgh and seen the hermitage museum or something along those lines . 
  it 's a huge country , there 's a lot to see there , and it has an element of mysteriousness to it that lot of other countries in europe do not . 
  i would love to go to russia myself . 
  being such an astute student of history , i 'd be willing to bet that guy is from fyrom , the true cradle of western civilization . 
  i 'm surprised they are not all 100 % . 
  who would say `` no '' to visiting any country as a tourist ? 
  ( well , i guess i might pass on somalia , but i 'm not talking about 3rd world hell holes here ) . 
  i was just trying to rustle / u/neutrolgreek 's jimmies . 
  i noticed he takes particular offense to anything that either a ) claims to be greek but is not ( i.e. 
  anything related to macedonia , especially them claiming alexander the great ) , and b ) anything that claims something that is greek is actually not greek . 
  so i was just trying to piss him off by suggesting that thessaloniki was not greek ( i believe salonika was a bulgarian name ? ), 
  either way , tried to mess with him , did n't seem to work . 
   i recommend the escape room [ 1 ] new tourist attraction that is huge right now in athens/thessaloniki * , especially if your going with friends . 
  i 'm sure you mean , salonika . 
  it 's okay , it 's an easy mistake to make . 
  indeed . 
  where were there parents at ? 
  how did they get to this point in life without parental intervention ? 
  how did they get the money and wherewithal to get to syria ? 
  so much of this story does n't make any sense . 
  learn to swim . 
  lol . 
  it 's just another day in america to me . 
  but seriously , it might sound great , but i hardly ever watch tv so i do n't even utilize those services really . 
   internet is not your american playground , you know . 
  we 're all here ( just not so loud ) . 
  i know that . 
  i just do n't know things like a ) how many dutch internet users go to websites in english vs. dutch and b ) how many websites besides reddit talk about netflix . 
  i rarely see netflix mentioned in the news , so i would think there would be a good chance not many people would know about . 
  i have absolutely no idea how much you guys are exposed to american/english speaking culture . 
  i want to assume a lot , but i feel like an arrogant asshole assuming you know all this stuff that goes on in the us . 
  lol what ? 
  i live in the us dude . 
  i just checked canal + and everything is in french . 
  why would an american use this site to watch movies ? 
  i personally have netflix , amazon , hulu , hbo , and showtime if i want to watch movies . 
  why would i need to use a french service ? 
  did you realize that pretty much all of these movie streaming sites come from the country i live in ? 
  well that makes perfect sense that the eastern half would not want to fund a public transportation system that mostly serves the sea-tac area ( although , i would think spokane would benefit from this as well ) . 
  this should be something handled at the municipal level . 
  and are you really that concerned that your state as a diverse set of opinions and views ? 
  would you really want to live in a place where everyone thinks exactly like you do ? 
  it 's hard to tell if you are just illustrating a point by discussing regional variations , or if you are seriously upset that there exists regional variations in the first place . 
  why in god 's name would people submit this petition to whitehouse.gov ?
