  you come across as a wide-eyed and mystified 14 year old . 
  keep fighting the good fight . 
  there 's a big ol' world out there that needs saving from brutal bigots like me . 
  go grab your cape from the closet and fight those big bad meanies . 
  i shall call you `` bullshit boy '' , defender of immigrants , sworn protector of the minorities , conqueror of big bad bullies oh look !, 
  there is a thread in / r/worldnews criticizing muslims for something that 's actually a big misunderstanding . 
  go help them !, 
  i prefer / r/niggers . 
  seriously though , your world must be scary . 
  you 're just an innocent little boy surrounded by a sea of nazis . 
  it must make you feel good inside knowing that anytime someone disagrees with you , everything is fine because they are a nazi and you 're not . 
  as i said before , run along now . 
  there are kitten videos that need karma . 
  go be useful . 
  you are quite the annoying little cunt . 
  you 're like a child intruding on an adult conversation . 
  run along now . 
  go play elsewhere . 
  perhaps / r/aww would be more suitable for your maturity level . 
  you are changing your comment from something dumb to something else dumb . 
  i see what you 're doing . 
  i 'm on to you nigga . 
  if i were to use penis size as a metaphor for a country 's military size , sweden would have a micro penis . 
  it 's the reconquista part two . 
  except now you 're not even bothering to fight for your country , you 're paying them while they take europe back . 
  how amusing . 
  what ? 
  so ... sweden 's army is stretched thin because 500 soldiers are in afghanistan ? 
  how big is their army ? 
  this is starting to sound exactly how every major conflict develops . 
  the french government saying they intend to be involved for `` only a matter of weeks '' sounds distressingly similar to the us gorvernment saying in the beginning of their involvement in vietnam that they 'd `` be home by christmas '' . 
  the relying on locals to do the fighting , when their capabilities and even loyalty are suspect . 
  taking the longview , france would n't want to get involved for just a few weeks to eliminate this batch of rebels , while the malian government is n't strong enough to control the whole country . 
  that will just leave the same vacuous environment for islamists to return once the french leave . 
  and now you 're back at square one . 
  in order to prevent that , you need to lay the foundations of a strong government which is seen as legitimate by the citizens of the country . 
  this sounds like the type of `` nation building '' quagmire that has entrapped the us so many times . 
  i really hope it does n't evolve to that type of conflict . 
  that entails years of frustration , death , and wasted money . 
  in what ways is the situation in mali different than afghanistan ? 
  thank you . 
  that was the piece i was missing . 
  that consultation with nato was n't mentioned ( or at least i did n't notice it ) in the american press . 
  i was trying to figure out why all of the sudden the sense of urgency escalated so quickly when this issue has been simmering for months . 
  however i am still wondering what france wants from its partners . 
  it does n't seem like they are using all of their resources yet , so i do n't think they are at the limits of their capabilities . 
  once again , a few days ago it seemed like france had everything under control . 
  french redditors seemed so confidant that it had more than enough firepower to do the job on its own , and i got the impression that they wanted to handle the issue on its own to demonstrate france 's military strength to the world and itself . 
  what has changed since then ? 
  what level of support is it looking for ? 
  logistics ? 
  intelligence ? 
  firepower ? 
  i do n't think plans ever work out when you rely on locals to do the footwork . 
  they usually lack the motivation and organization necessary to do the job . 
  just take a look at the afghan national army . 
  i just hope that france does n't get sucked in to a wider role that includes `` nation building '' to make mali truly secure . 
  the malian government might need years of support to stand on it 's own , and field a capable army . 
  france will need more than two or three transport aircraft and medical choppers . 
  they will need firepower . 
  and the ability to dominate vast swathes of open desert . 
  perhaps france will go shopping for drones soon . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  however that does n't really explain the inaction from the rest of europe . 
  how long has france been preparing for this , or did they just cobble together what they had and throw it into the fire ? 
  is a week not enough time to expect other european countries to formulate a plan on if they will assist france , and then how they will assist them ? 
  what does france want ? 
  material help ? 
  financial assistance ? 
  logistical support ? 
  man power ? 
  anything they can get ? 
  this whole thing is escalating so quickly . 
  france itself seems to have only committed 2500 troops so far ( besides aircraft ) , and i am assuming they have a significantly larger army they can deploy . 
  it just seems a little soon to be sounding so desperate for help . 
  will someone care to enlighten me a little ? 
  this article details how france finds itself in the unenviable position of going it alone in mali , while looking around to it 's european partners and finding no one willing to help . 
  however , i never remember seeing a drum up to this operation . 
  i do n't recall france making the case for action to europe or nato . 
  am i wrong in my impression that france just suddenly got involved without much consultation with any other powers , and is now looking for partners after the fact ? 
  i could sympathize more with the french if they had made public overtures and gotten the cold shoulder . 
  however it seems like they projected an aura of confidence by going it alone . 
  just last week i was under the impression that france had the capabilities to handle this by themselves . 
  is this a misunderstanding ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  in what role are they looking for other countries for support ? 
  first off , you 're fucking hilarious , and i love seeing your comments . 
  second , i totally agree with you . 
  i have one friend who still lives at home and he 's 25 . 
  he 's widely viewed as a bum who is disgracing his family . 
  he pretty much lost most of his friends because he has n't moved out yet and people do n't want to be associated with him . 
  i guess it 's just different cultures , but where i 'm from , as soon as you turn 18 your parents say `` you 're an adult now . 
  gtfo '' . 
  pretend to have a coup in your country , then ask france for help cleaning the undesirables out . 
  you could then do the same to france . 
  it would be like picking the parasites out of each others hair the way monkeys do . 
  `` a key gauge of the french money supply -- six-month real m1 -- has been contracting at an accelerating rate ever since mr holland 's election in may . 
  it has fallen to levels last seen in the depths of the crisis in 2008 . 
  france 's money data is now flashing more serious warnings than numbers in italy or spain . 
  `` taken together , it is clear that there has been a major loss of confidence and funds have been pulling money out of the country , '' said mr ward . '',
