  damn ... that a far cry from where i grew up where most of the state looks like [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fa/f7/80/faf780ab48034d42901238801eb146d8.jpg ) , and you can drive hour after hour seeing nothing but [ this ] ( http://idealistcafe.com/travel/united-states/images/bike-trip/arizona-desert-road.jpg ) on either side of the road , stretching from horizon to horizon for hundreds of miles/kilometers that is basically devoid of human habitation . 
  since i have never been to europe , its actually hard for me to even conceptualize how densely packed certain places can be . 
  most places i have lived were virtually empty outside of city centers . 
  i 'm guessing places like spain or germany probably have large amounts of empty land though . 
  wow ... i see pictures of gypsy encampments like that , but i also see pictures of gypsy palaces . 
  not sure which ones are more common . 
  although i would guess most live in the conditions that are depicted in that link you shared with me . 
  does the netherlands really not have any training grounds for tanks ? 
  how densely populated is that country ? 
  what about national parks ? 
  it 's sad that there are people out there who feel entitled to steal someone else 's property without any regard to the owner . 
  is it mostly gypsies that do this ? 
  do people ever steal from them to see how they like it ? 
  could you even lay down in that thing ? 
  this is giving me ideas . 
  maybe i can rent out my closet too . 
  huh . 
  i would have thought this would be a big deal . 
  i live in good ol' peoria , il . 
  it 's pretty spot on . 
  the country spans a continent and you drive anywhere in between . 
  it has pretty much every type of climate/environment there is to see , and countless cool cities to visit . 
  it can be hard to justify going to europe or asia when you 've never been to seattle or yellowstone or new orleans . 
  it would take a lifetime to see everything here . 
  unfortunately that means we do n't go to other countries as much as we should . 
  i 've seen that video a few times now and it 's hilarious . 
  but it makes me wonder where it is from . 
  if it is russian , why is he speaking english ? 
  i 'm embarrassed for you . 
  i think they are going with `` keep nagging until you say fuck it '' approach . 
  it does n't work often but it 's worth a try i guess . 
  i would n't feel singled out though since hollywood pisses off everyone equally . 
  you also have the blessing of obscurity . 
  no one really knows about your country here so they would n't think you guys were like russians , most people here would have absolutely no idea what you guys are like . 
  also , i have never heard of that show before so i imagine hardly anyone watches it . 
  not sure if that is supposed to make you feel better or anything . 
  just ignore it like most people do about how things are portrayed in our tv shows and movies . 
  not sure about racist terms in the uk , but chinky is certainly a racist term in american-english parlance . 
  point is , american tv shows and movies portray just about everything incorrectly or with a healthy dose of sensationalism . 
  so if people wonder why their country is portrayed incorrectly/idiotically , they do the same thing to our own country . 
  it is just as bad when they do it to america because a lot of people outside of the us think that life here is like life in the movies ... it is not at all similar . 
  huh ... his proposals seem very sensible . 
  the reaction in this sub is the exact opposite i thought it would be . 
  its weird that every time i see an article about ukip , they seem to be the only sane people in the room , but everyone calls them racist . 
  how bizarre that realists are called crazy . 
  will you guys quit calling me out on my bullshit please ? 
  it 's making me look bad, 
  i do n't know why people here get so annoyed by silly portrayals . 
  for reference , this is how our president is portrayed in a movie . 
  [ murica !, 
  no we just need to find a way to smuggle a wheelbarrow full of dirt into the kremlin ... you should try it and let us know how far you make it . 
  i wo n't tell you . 
  i am invoking plausible deniability on account that there were multiple pictures : d, 
  1 country versus a continent ? 
  man that is stooping low . 
  well 250 million people live on the various islands . 
  it has to be a decent size to fit all those people . 
  i work in it at caterpillar . 
  i have been here for almost three years ( may will make it 3 years ) . 
  i get 2 weeks plus holidays . 
  i also get a week off around christmas , but that is because the factories shut down and we basically need to use sick days to get paid for those days . 
  what about you ? 
  oh look at europe !, 
  it 's soooo cute !, 
  do people actually take obscure tv shows seriously ? 
  that 's why i would never want to be a president . 
  i 'm not a morning person . 
  i doubt you get many opportunities to sleep off a hangover until noon as president . 
  i think poisoning him with curium would be delightful irony ... although in reality , i think murdering putin would be one of the worst possible things the west could do . 
  yeah its a bit like reading tea leaves or goat entrails to divine meaning . 
  that 's actually why i kind of like reading about kremlinology ... there 's a bit of mysticism to it . 
  whether or not anything useful comes out of it is a different story . 
  but i think people will always be interested in this sort of palace intrigue . 
   and a job that wo n't give them more than 2 weeks of vacation time . 
  i 'm taking a trip abroad soon and i will basically only be able to for 5-6 days ... and that will wipe out at least half of my paid vacation for the entire year . 
  i can go on more vacation , but without it being paid it just makes that trip even more expensive . 
  we need 3-4 weeks off , that 's all there is to it . 
  why do you say that ? 
  as far as i know , russian leadership has always been especially cryptic , leaving outsiders to look for subtle signs as hints to what is going on . 
   # 3 . international conflicts in baltics/eastern europe are solved by drinking vodka . 
  three presidents sit down to discuss the border conflict . 
  they ca n't reach an agreement . 
  so one scorpion team member saves the situation by encouraging them to drink alcohol instead of talking . 
  because that 's how we resolve international conflicts in baltics/eastern europe . 
  wait ... that 's not true ? 
  exactly . 
  american tv shows seldom care about accurate details , they care about entertaining . 
  i could make a post on reddit every day if i saw something a tv show portrayed about our own country . 
  pretty smart for a 13 year old . 
  he 's gon na skip that masturbating several times a day phase and go straight to the banging virgins phase . 
  why did n't i think of that when i was 13 ? 
  for those of you who do n't know , putin has gone off the radar for about a week now and no one seems to know why . 
  stratfor has some interesting analysis on this :  yesterday , we had occasion to focus this diary , which is intended to be a discussion of the most significant event of the day , on china . 
  there , an odd statement , widely circulated , caused us to wonder about the direction china 's purges would take . 
  it also caused us to feel as if we were living in the 1960s , when enigmatic wall posters were the only available hint of what was happening in china . 
   today 's diary must focus on russia and resurrect the ancient art of kremlinology to ponder whether something is going on at the top of the russian government . 
  russian president vladimir putin was supposed to attend a eurasian union summit in astana on thursday with the presidents of belarus and kazakhstan . 
  he was also supposed to attend a treaty signing with the leader of south ossetia on wednesday in moscow . 
  both meetings were unexpectedly canceled . 
  the news of the first cancellation came from kazakhstan and included a statement that putin was ill .
