   actually i got wasted from alcohol and could n't find the bosnian or rs flag so i choose us one . 
  well ... i guess that is as good of a reason as any . 
  as for you other point . 
  there were two families in my town who moved during the war . 
  an albanian and a serb family . 
  they won some sort of visa lottery or something and moved to a tiny ass town in arizona . 
  but i digress , it was probably much harder for most people, 
   i 'm always surprised whenever i realize how large america actually is think about it this way . 
  i 'm from arizona , but currently live in illinois . 
  for me to drive home and visit my family is a solid two day drive . 
  as in , i have to wake up and be on the road by 7 am , and i drive until about 11 pm stopping only for gas , food , and maybe to smoke a cigarette . 
  that 's a four day drive just to go home and back . 
  [ and when looking at a map ] ( http://www.conceptdraw.com/how-to-guide/picture/geo-map--usa.png ) you can see that the distance is n't even the whole length of the country . 
  there is still about a thousand miles on either side of each state in order to get to the coast . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , i see you have us flair but you are obviously serbian . 
  did you move to the us because of the war ? 
  or for unrelated reasons ? 
  sorry in advance if that is too personal of a question , or if you do not feel comfortable answering it . 
  nope . 
  it 's the `` no one is even looking '' argument, 
  but no one ( well , maybe you ) actually self censors themselves . 
  well , no one normal at least . 
  maybe someone in a terrorist network does . 
  for everyone else , surveillance is a complete abstraction , not thought of at all in our daily lives . 
  i 've read three or four books in the last year and a half that covered the balkan peninsula , and the more i learn about it the more confused i am . 
  i honestly think it is one of the most difficult places for outsiders to understand . 
  just looking at that link you provided , so may overlapping ethnicities in such a small region . 
  i would have to travel a two days drive before i encountered people who spoke another language . 
  you guys just have to travel to another neighborhood . 
  it 's surprising that yugoslavia existed at all , let alone being fairly stable for several decades . 
  i guess i have another question . 
  why is it then whenever this issue about the wars is brought up , i never hear about slovenia ? 
  why did they stay out of it ? 
  can you also understand them when they speak ? 
  or are they totally different ? 
   that 's not true . 
  you worry about what you say , what you write online , etc. 
  this is actually not true at all . 
  no one fears about what they write or say in any medium . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  i 'd like to thank you as well for taking your time to respond to my question . 
  that sounds like a crazy experience . 
   croatians , hungarians , serbs live in my home city of subotica . 
  they were all drafted to fight against nato . 
  if you think nato was only `` fighting serbs '' , you 're gravely mistaken . 
  i actually had no idea that was the case . 
  i 'm surprised they were able to get non serbs to actually fight ... what language would they even speak to each other ? 
  ummm ... is this some weird joke ? 
  that 's fine . 
  but i live here and you do n't so i feel more comfortable with my observations than what you have to say . 
  let me reiterate : absolutely nothing has changed in our day to day lives . 
  the impact is non existent . 
  thank you for taking the time to share your experience . 
  i thought this was pretty interesting . 
   so what i want to say is that most of the kids had a somewhat normal childhood in the interior of the country because of the inability to comprehend the severity of the situation . 
  the adults on the other hand , not so much . 
  i guess i would have figured it was the other way around . 
  but i guess a child 's mind has a way of protecting itself through ignorance/innocence . 
  i never thought of it that way . 
   the night the bombing started i remember watching ninja turtles and hiding all my toys under the staircase , i figured it was the safest place for them ... that 's just adorable . 
  i can kind of relate to this in a way , since i too had a few ninja turtle toys as a boy that i cherished . 
  but i ca n't relate to the bombing part at all . 
  maybe i would have done the same if it was my country that was being bombed ? 
  that 's a huge misconception though . 
  it 's not really bad at all . 
  we are supposed to pretend it is on reddit , but it has negatively effected virtually no one , and our lives have not been impacted at all . 
  how much do you remember about it since you were a kid ? 
  do you actually remember seeing any bombings personally ? 
   when the royal belgian jewish museum was attacked by isis , the belgian police first showed up late , then they just arrested the 1st arab they could find . 
  did that actually happen ? 
  they just found an arab and said `` you 'll do '' and arrested him ? 
  it 's pretty fucked up , but also kinda hilarious . 
   if you believe that an aging , secularized , heretofore-mostly-homogeneous society is likely to peacefully absorb a migration of that size and scale of cultural difference , then you have a bright future as a spokesman for the current german government . 
   you 're also a fool . 
  such a transformation promises increasing polarization among natives and new arrivals alike . 
  it threatens not just a spike in terrorism but a rebirth of 1930s-style political violence . 
  the still-imaginary france michel houellebecq conjured up in his novel `` submission , '' in which nativists and islamists brawl in the streets , would have a very good chance of being realized in the german future . 
  if i could have , i would have quoted the whole article . 
  this is a must read for anyone who is still unconvinced . 
  somehow , europe seems to have found itself on some messianic mission , playing the role of a sacrificial lamb . 
  as if the demographic force , the radical realignment of it 's cultural complexion , is predetermined and inevitable . 
  that there is nothing they can do to prevent this perverse `` globalization '' , a term that only seems to mean economic and cultural domination by foreigners . 
  but it need not be this way . 
  how has it come to be that denying reality , and abdicating responsibility to your citizenry means `` you have a bright future as a spokesman for the current german government . '' ? 
  why does europe seem to view acquiescing as a virtue ? 
  as i said elsewhere , without actually being there , what am i supposed to believe ? 
  anyone can find an article saying `` x '' happened , and someone else will just link another article saying `` x '' never happened at all . 
  there is a lot of disinformation out there . 
  how is anyone supposed to know the truth without being there ? 
  washington post is one of many , many media outlets here . 
  media outlets that flourish online ( as opposed to say cable networks on tv or radio ) tend to lean left . 
  the 20-30 demographic is overwhelmingly liberal/progressive . 
  so it 's no surprise that the washington post has a lot of readers . 
  however , i do n't think it is one of the dominant media outlets . 
  i think it 's medium sized . 
  it has a lot of readers , but it 's not like the most popular one by any means . 
  should have taken an uberx instead . 
  if you a us intelligence official points to inadequacies in another country 's capabilities , that does not imply that their own agencies are perfect . 
  he was pointing out basic incompetencies , not ridiculing them for not being perfect . 
  do you believe that you have to be without a single flaw in order to point out a flaw in another person ?
