  this put germany , next to luxembourg , at the bottom of the oecd 's 42-nation survey . 
  the international monetary fund estimates that germany 's potential growth rate is 1.25 per cent . 
  nations such as greece , whose economy has shrunk by a calamitous 25 per cent during the crisis , or italy , whose economy has contracted for eight consecutive quarters , would happily swap their slumps for germany 's meagre growth . 
  but to eke out 50 years of almost invisible economic expansion will not give germany strength and confidence to lead europe from the front . 
   a related problem is population decline , or what in german is termed schrumpfnation deutschland -- `` shrinking germany '' . 
  with more than 81m people , germany is the largest of the european union 's 28 member states . 
  according to eu demographers , however , the german population will drop by 2060 to about 71m . 
  there will be more people both in the uk -- assuming scotland does not secede -- and in france . 
   the causes of the decline include a very low birth rate and modest levels of net immigration . 
  at 1.36 births per woman , germany has one of the lowest rates in europe . 
  more important is that , for the past 30 years , fertility rates have been below the level of 2.1 children per woman needed to maintain a population 's size . 
  for many years to come , there will be fewer potential german mothers . 
  the government is taking steps to encourage parenthood , such as a recent law that guarantees a place at a day care facility for every child over 12 months old . 
  but state-sponsored pronatalism is a delicate matter in a country with unpleasant memories of nazi schemes to promote motherhood . 
   that leaves immigration . 
  it emerged from the uk government archives this month that helmut kohl , the former german chancellor , had told margaret thatcher , the late premier , in 1982 that he planned to halve germany 's then 1.5m-strong population of turkish immigrants within four years because they did not integrate well . 
  the plan never materialised , and german political debate , citizenship laws and social attitudes have all moved on a long way since those days . 
  net immigration went up to 369,000 last year . 
  but germany 's immigration system remains too restrictive : non-eu residents tend to be kept out unless they are skilled applicants for well-paid jobs . 
  it is a woefully inadequate way of tackling germany 's chronic shortages of engineers , information technology specialists , pharmacists , social workers and other professionals . 
   germany 's demographic pressures make it essential for angela merkel , or whoever is chancellor after next month 's parliamentary elections , to introduce reforms across a broad front . 
  although domestic demand has gone up in recent years , thanks largely to low unemployment , the economy is famously reliant on exports of manufactured goods to generate growth . 
  exporting success needs to be complemented by more open product markets and a more competitive services sector , parts of which -- such as the retail industry -- are conspicuously inefficient by the standards of advanced economies . 
   three other areas crying out for improvement are infrastructure , education and research and development . 
  germany spends less than any large eu country on upgrading roads , railways and waterways . 
  ageing infrastructure , like that of the rust belt of north-western germany , drags down economic performance . 
  as a percentage of economic output , germany spends less on education and r&d than austria , belgium , finland , france and the netherlands . 
   growth-enhancing reforms are essential because german economic success is the ultimate guarantee that the eurozone will survive and flourish . 
  germany is europe 's most powerful economy . 
  but it is not powerful enough . 
  elaborate . 
  just what europe needs . 
  another tiny , insignificant , useless country . 
  when will you guys learn to build countries up , and not down ? 
  it 's rather funny seeing all of these countries having independence movements in their country . 
  i thought you guys were trying to unify the continent . 
  are n't you guys trying to place more importance on a common european identity that supercedes your own national identity ? 
  yet what we see are ever more attempts by people to break their country apart along cultural/ethnic lines . 
  let the world know when you guys finally get your shit straight . 
  until then , have fun being dismissed as the continent of petty squabblers . 
  thank you for your time . 
  tell me some of these jokes . 
  dispel the stereotype once and for all . 
  thank god i had the sense to look at that on my phone . 
  i 'm at work right now , and i should n't really be looking at pictures of germans with hairy crotches when my co-worker is trying to ask me a question . 
  maybe i should just stop redditing at work ... 
  i think that 's a lot to ask though . 
  q : why do girls have legs ? 
  a : so they do n't leave snail tracks . 
  i do n't know why i picked that one . 
  i guess i get the impression that germans are rather reserved , and may not tell jokes that involves girls getting their pussy juice on the ground as the scrape across the floor . 
  that 's true . 
  she is rather homely . 
  i doubt she has gotten laid that much . 
  she seems like she would be a stage 5 clinger if you did end up putting your pecker in her . 
  she would probably text you every hour asking `` why wo n't you call me ? 
  '' , `` do you miss me yet ? 
  '' , `` our kids would look soooooo cute xoxoxoxo '' . 
  `` hello '', 
  did n't he call her an unfuckable lard ass ? 
   it is a pretty stupid and disgusting subreddit sounds like my kind of sub . 
  this is why i love having my phone . 
  i know what sub reddit i 'll be checking out on my next shit break . 
  for some reason , that is the only subreddit i have tried to go to and had my work computer block access to it . 
  this is the message that popped up : the url is listed in categories `` pornography '' which are not allowed by the internet access policy . 
  wishful thinking , 
   i 'm absolutely hooked on your comedy panel shows . 
  sorry to let you down , but i am not british . 
  i must confess that i am american . 
  regardless , i too have an appreciation for `` understatement and self-deprecation '' . 
  i 'll also have to save this video for later viewing when i am not at my desk at work . 
  thanks for the link . 
  unfortunately , i 'm supposed to be `` working '' right now , and playing youtube videos might blow my cover ( unless i watch it with no sound , but that is n't very useful ) . 
  anyway , i 'll check it out when i get home . 
  i 've never heard of dolan before . 
  i just googled it and clicked on the first comic i saw . 
  it featured a duck wearing a shirt saying `` i do n't have to piss in a cup to prove i do drugs '' . 
  if this is standard finnish humor , i do n't know why its not more well known . 
  everyone knows briitish humor , but from what i 've seen , finnish humor is just as irreverent and just as hilarious . 
  unfortunately i 've only been exposed to finnish humor via comics . 
  i 'd be interested tosee some finnish stuff in videos or movies or something along those lines . 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing that italy took a massive hit in the financial crisis . 
  from what i see in the article i linked , the diagnosis is grim . 
  if i just read that , i would conclude that signs of life * are not * returning . 
  however this article from bloomberg suggests that signs of life * are * returning . 
  that was my point . 
  there is n't much contraversy on where italy is now . 
  but one news source suggests italy will probably fall farther still , while another news source suggests that italy is improving . 
  so which is it ? 
  is italy still crashing further down , or is italy steadily improving ? 
  that 's from finland right ? 
  i guess that 's all i need to know about that place . 
  sometimes i do n't know what to think about economic news . 
  one site paints one picture ( this article ) , and yet just yesterday the economist wrote an article about italy 's manufacturing sector and it paints a very different picture : [ italian manufacturing : a washout ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/business/21583283-years-crisis-have-reinforced-pressure-italys-once-envied-industrial-base-washout )  since the financial crisis , two recessions have sent firms reeling . 
  in the first , between 2008 and 2009 , manufacturing output fell by 24 % . 
  in the second , which began in 2011 and has yet to end , output has so far fallen by almost 10 % , more than wiping out the gains of the intervening brief recovery . 
  production is now 26 % below 2007 's peak . 
   italy 's makers of luxury clothing and accessories have done fairly well , boosted by strong demand from the emerging world 's new rich . 
  but producers of low-price fabrics and clothes have been badly hit : overall , the textile industry 's output is down by 35 % . 
  production of electrical goods has fallen by a similar proportion , and carmaking is down by 45 % .
