  i am not sure if i should expect any dramatic changes though . 
  it will be interesting to see which countries these anti-eu parties will be most successful , and why . 
  anyway , thanks for the insight . 
  he is quite vocally anti-eu , but did you notice anything factually incorrect in that article ? 
  if not , what 's the problem ? 
  he constructed an argument using actual quotes from various european government officials and economic metrics published by european governments . 
  what 's the issue ? 
  i know he has prophesied doom for a while now , so is that your major bone of contention with him ? 
  before declaring victory , it would be important to understand how this surplus was achieved . 
  did imports plummet which would effect the trade balance ? 
  were payments deferred until the next fiscal year ? 
  did they cull thousands of government employees ? 
  did they reduce pension obligations ? 
  no matter what , this is a good development . 
  but just how good the development is remains to be seen . 
  so is the prevailing sentiment pro or anti-eu ? 
  on reddit , it seems that any brit that is anti-eu gets dismissed as crazy . 
  however , on a lot of other media sites , it seems that the anti-eu sentiment is the dominant one . 
  it 's a little difficult separating the wheat from the chaff from the other side of an ocean . 
  so i guess when you mention `` the key change in attitude '' , i guess i would need to know what the attitude was then , and what it has changed to now . 
  this is a pretty interesting article that covers far more than just britain 's relationship with the eu . 
  in fact this article covers mostly internal eu dynamics and relationships within the eu itself . 
  anyway , this article ( and many others like it ) , paint a bleak picture about the eu ( or more specifically , the ez ) . 
  it seems to me from my side of the atlantic that there has been a surge in anti-eu ( and once again more specifically , anti-euro ) sentiments throughout europe . 
  it is hard to tell how accurate this picture is from just reading articles on the internet , and reading the comments in said articles . 
  i guess my question is , is this surge in anti-eu/ez feeling real ? 
  it may not be among your friends since this sub has a relatively cohesive demographic , but does anyone here notice this sentiment growing in their own country ? 
  what is the prevailing attitude now , and has that changed since last year ? 
  has it changed since the crisis ? 
  thanks in advance for any feedback . 
   you feel entitled to judge him good or bad only because his views on the ukrainian issue are , or are n't , the same as yours . 
  this is a common theme on this sub-reddit . 
  it is mostly done with americans and russians . 
  if you side with europe , and apologize for your own country , you are considered a good russian/american . 
  if not , then you are a shill spreading propaganda . 
  it 's not like everyone in this sub has this mentality , but enough do to make this sub come across as juvenile , condescending , and extremely self-righteous . 
   the american people would demand action be taken against any encroachment on canadian territory . 
  the american people would first demand answers as to how and why you let yourself become in a position of weakness against foreign powers . 
  you are probably correct , that america would intervene on your behalf , but it would do so begrudgingly . 
  nothing pisses off americans more than other countries * expecting * the us to solve issues on their behalf with military power . 
  especially when those countries have been slashing their own military budgets , and ridiculing the us for having an excessive military budget . 
  usually these trade games russia plays are done in retaliation for some event , or even a perceived slight . 
  what instigated this ? 
  the whole green peace issue seems like it is already over , and one dutch diplomat was already beaten in exchange for the whole spat over the russian diplomat . 
  those two issues should be squared away at this point . 
  so what is the reason for this boycott ? 
  why now ? 
  also , does n't russia see this as a self defeating tactic ? 
  i can understand the utility of using this tactic every once in a while to get your way , but if you play this game too much , other nations will deem russia an unreliable , and even dangerous trading partner . 
  they have a decent sized market that is worth selling to , but it is not as large or as wealthy as other markets . 
  trading with russia can be an asset , but it seems it can quickly turn into a liability . 
  people naturally spurn liabilities . 
  at some point , many nations will conclude that trading with russia is simply not worth it . 
  i am surprised the russian policy makers have n't come to the same conclusion . 
  do you mean '' * bought * back into civilization '' ? 
   unlike the russian media , in europe and european countries there is ** not a single political group ** dictating the agenda and talking points . 
  ummm ... did n't silvio burlusconi own a few media outlets , and did n't he use those as his personal mouth piece to push his agenda ? 
   our channels on the other hand , are not biased . 
  those who claim otherwise are biased . 
  well that 's convenient . 
  if anyone says your media has a bias towards germany when it comes to international issues , you can just casually dismiss the person who points that out as bias ? 
  that makes germany the one country on the planet who 's media is completely devoid of bias . 
  you 're biased too . 
  nationalizing industries is a fantastic way to attract more foreign investment . 
  what 's going on ... 
  although i have never seen a gypsy , it is pretty hard to imagine that the stereotypes about them are false based on articles like these . 
  sweden is widely hailed as a bastion of multi-cultural acceptance ( whether this is true or is just government pr is a different story ) , yet it seems to be more concerned with gypsies than other immigrant communities . 
  sweden let 's in thousands of refugees from all over the middle east . 
  it offers asylum to persecuted minorities from the worst parts of the world ... 
  yet i have yet to hear about them offering to take in gypsies in mass numbers from other european countries who would rather not have them . 
  the swedish police have been compiling registers about gypsies , even if they are children , yet they also seem to not have any idea how many second generation muslims have left for glorious jihad in syria . 
  swedes are more concerned with gypsies than jihadis ? 
  that 's pretty impressive , and rightfully or wrongfully that tells me quite a bit about gypsies . 
  i guess there is some truth in the stories i see europeans telling about gypsies . 
  that 's been happening for years . 
  obviously ... duh . 
  subscribing to this sub automatically makes you a europhile ? 
  what if i am just interested in europe , and that is all ? 
  do i have to love the damn place as well ? 
  oh my god , you sound delicious . 
  probably much worse . 
  most americans would probably do best with europe ( since it is culturally relevant to us ) and south america ( since it is geographically relevant to us ) . 
  i would say knowledge of europe is higher than south america though since that is where most of our ancestors came from , and europe dominates our history books since that is the origin of our culture . 
  everything else would be a shit show . 
  i think on average people would be able to place a few african countries ( probably the easy ones like south africa and egypt ) and for asia ... well maybe china , india , and japan . 
  but the rest would just be a mystery . 
  what the fuck ? 
  yeah , sorry about . 
  i 'm american too and should n't got so defensive and reacted so strongly when you were just asking a simple question . 
  i was wrong and i apologize . 
  yeah . 
  some time after i posted the comment i regretted assuming the worst in someone i do n't know who was just asking a question . 
  i should edit or delete it , but i feel like that 's kind of a weak move . 
  i 'd rather leave it up , makes me kind of think twice before posting a comment . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i over reacted to his comment . 
  i guess i got a little defensive , i should have just let it go . 
   he 's stating he 's out of loop because he 's american and news from europe are n't that widely reported . 
  that is highly doubtful . 
  granted i can not read his mind , but stating that you do n't know something and using the reason `` i 'm american '' implies `` i 'm ignorant because i am american '' 99 % of the time , and almost never means that `` there is a lack of media coverage , hence i do n't know what is going on '' .
