  blame canada instead . 
  look , i 'm just throwing suggestions out there . 
  i do n't really have any good ones since i do n't think there are good suggestions or options out there . 
  every choice/option the ez faces is a shit sandwich . 
  the only thing one can do is chose the sandwich that stinks the least . 
   that 's not really good news , though . 
  it merely means that the other ez countries become more like germany , by being `` austere '' and forcing themselves to not import anything . 
  therefore , the eurozone is exporting its imbalances to countries outside the eurozone . 
  this is a good point , but i am not sure if exporting imbalances outside the currency union should be a concern to the ez . 
  some countries must have trade deficits for others to have surpluses . 
  it 's a cut throat world out there , and maybe a little selfishness would n't hurt the ez . 
  at the end of the day , someone has to get screwed . 
  the ez needs to look out for itself , not the status of trade balances of other nations . 
  maybe the ez would n't be sanctioned by other countries since it 's such a huge trading block and it would n't be worth it ? 
  i do n't know , this is the realm of speculation . 
  as for your other points ... well none of the problems in the ez are simple , and thus have no simple solutions . 
  the whole things a mess . 
  honestly , i do n't even know where to begin in suggesting remedies to the internal imbalances in the ez . 
  there are a whole host of underlying issues there , with one often being dependent on another . 
  i 'll leave these musings to the experts . 
   that aid is just a loan , so they 'll get in back with a surplus ... that 's not exactly certain at this point . 
  there still could be a massive debt write off . 
  in fact , i would think that cancelling large amounts of debt to periphery nations in an inevitability . 
  maybe the germans just want to improve their books and save as much money as possible before this happens ? 
  i 'm not sure , but the situation is complex and nuanced . 
  i do n't think one country alone is solely responsible for the issues in the ez . 
  it is a complex confluence of a number of factors coming together simultaneously . 
   all we 're asking is for the germans to spend some money on themselves  yup , i agree they should . 
  but there is only so much they can buy . 
  what are greece and spain selling that germans a ) would want and b ) can not make for themselves . 
  the only country i think of that would benefit substantially from germany expanding domestic consumption is italy , since it has a strong and well established industrial base . 
  i wonder if reports like these will add fuel to the fire in the ez , and allow critics of germany to continue saying that their export surpluses are damaging other ez economies ? 
  that is a well known critique , but does it hold much merit ? 
   `` the rise in the current account surplus is due to countries beyond the euro currency bloc , indeed the surplus with euro countries even shrank , '' ifo said . 
  `` for the first time since reunification , germany likely achieved a slight surplus vis-a-vis china in 2013 . '', 
  so the rise in their surplus is coming not at the expense of ez countries , but with countries outside the currency union . 
  and people will also probably continue to lambaste germany not for not increasing domestic demand to help spur other ez economies . 
  that 's a fair point , but it seems germany is helping those other nations by other means :  exports are traditionally the motor of germany 's economy and critics argue berlin must do more to spur domestic demand and imports to reduce global economic imbalances and fuel growth worldwide . 
  ...  ifo said germany was investing in concrete and financial assets abroad . 
  ** it was also putting money into bailouts and aid for countries stricken by the euro zone debt crisis . 
  ** so germany is taking these surpluses , and investing them in foreign assets , and aid for ez countries . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  i guess germany will continue to not receive any love ... nobody roots for goliath . 
  germany seems to be in a `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't '' scenario . 
  well we 're back to square one then . 
  what can the government possibly due to get gypsies to give up there ways ? 
  and why * should * the government treat gypsies differently than everyone else , and go out of their way to accommodate them in ways they do with no other group ? 
  what would happen if they went into these gypsy camps , and told every single gypsy that their lifestyle is over . 
  it is time to join the rest of the world . 
  no more stealing . 
  no more squatting in camps . 
  no more removing your children from school early . 
  do you think gypsies as a whole would willing or capable of acknowledging that the onus is on them , and that they must part with their old ways ? 
  that seems like the only thing that can be done . 
  change must come from the roma themselves . 
  no matter how much people want the government to act , there is only so much the government can do . 
  no government is capable of baby sitting an entire demographic of the country , making sure they are doing the right things at all hours of the day . 
  furthermore , this * should n't be * the governments problem to deal with anyway . 
  the government should n't have to tell grown adults that their lifestyle needs to change . 
  that they are going to need basic skills like being literate . 
  that they can not get by on stealing from others . 
  there is no government program that could solve the systemic issues europeans face with gypsies . 
  the gypsies must change ... can they ? 
  beware europe , we will mercilessly kill all your bees . 
  that 's been our secret plan all along . 
  that sounds very , very depressing . 
  what is preventing these countries from capping immigration from non-eu countries ? 
  there is only so much shock a system can take at any one time , and having droves of immigrants arrive is a powerful shock alone ... but when they are completely opposite your culture ... well that 's quite a shock too . 
   errc chief dezideriu gergely called for an immediate end to forced evictions and for a `` real integration policy for those people at risk of poverty or social exclusion . '', 
  has n't than been tried countless times , and failed every time ? 
  what else can you do ? 
  at some point you just say `` fuck it , let 's boot them all out '' ... but then again , i do n't really know much about gypsies so i am kinda talking outta my ass here . 
  i guess i do n't see the connection between this video and how germans treat gypsies . 
  are you implying that germans physically abuse gypsies with impunity ? 
  how do you know that was a gypsy ? 
  it just looked like a regular guy to me ( although i did n't hear what was being said , i 'm at work and my computer is on mute ... and i think it was in a different language ) . 
  how does an entire family live on that ? 
  that does n't seem like enough for one person . 
  i do n't even know where i got that goat burning thing . 
  for some reason after i read the article , i was thinking about sweden ... i literally have no idea why . 
  maybe my mind just randomly drifts into thoughts of burning goats , or maybe i just start randomly thinking of the utopia that is sweden , or maybe i am just a dumb ass from time to time , who knows . 
  ignore that reference , that was simply a momentary lapse of brain activity . 
   have n't laughed at one in a while , with that one i did . 
  not many people share my type of irreverent sense of humor . 
  i 'm glad to find someone else that did . 
  i thought you guys built some giant goat , and then set that shit on fire every year ? 
  it was on / r/europe right before christmas . 
  in a way , i wish i still did not know that . 
  but why ?!, 
   the legislation would also need the support of the centre-left spd 's conservative coalition partners . 
  but head of the christian democratic union ( cdu ) economic council , kurt lauk , described the plan as an `` misguided '' . 
   cdu politician michael fuchs added : `` i am asking myself where the money will come from , '' the bz newspaper reported . 
  where will the money come from ? 
  as always , the tax payer will have to dig a little deeper into their pockets to fork over to the state . 
  in an age where demand is systemically suppressed throughout the developed world , i ca n't imagine how removing more money from the average tax payer to hand to a company to subsidize someone 's 32 hour work week is in any way a good thing . 
  might as well take that money stuff that goat with it that they burn every christmas . 
  i think russia should annex eastern europe , and western europe should be annexed by canada :d, 
  that 's why it 's awesome !, 
  well they are pretty fun to shoot , 
   however , i think the problem here is that almost every country in europe has a shortage of a talented and educated workforce so it 's not going to be on the government 's agenda to make less of them come to their country .
