  it looks amazing . 
  just letting you know , my polish broski , we will never shut up about our military superiority , even if there comes a time when if it is obviously no longer superior . 
  we 're ` muricans . 
  we brag about our military . 
  it 's what we do . 
  what a shocker . 
  west virginia has zero immigrants . 
  it must be a reddit thing to hate anyone that believes in god . 
  i , like you , am no longer religious . 
  however the people that i know that are still christian ( catholic or otherwise ) are some of the kindest , most sincere people you will ever meet . 
  reddit loves to circle jerk about the religious american south , but they are some of the best people you can ever meet . 
  just because you longer believe in god , does n't mean those that still do are bad people . 
  indeed it was . 
  it 's always important to remember that these numbers you read about have names . 
  these statistics have faces . 
  they are actual people who want to enjoy their lives . 
  it 's very sad . 
  sometimes i wish those in power of making decisions that affect whole countries would read more stories like this . 
  it 's crucial to maintain perspective . 
  you romanians have such a refreshing sense of humor . 
  and now those times are in the rear view mirror , fading from memory as a more humble destination draws closer . 
   the good times are just around the corner . 
  that 's the problem with the `` good times '' . 
  they are always `` just around the corner '' . 
  are there people out there who believe there will be some magical inflection point , and they will wake up one day , turn on the news , and see that everything has fixed itself ? 
  god damn that must feel so hopeless knowing as bad as it is now , things can only get worse . 
  i guess my point is that this is hardly news , or hardly surprising news . 
  it 's more like a status update : `` yes . 
  greece is still fucked '' . 
  if greece has already had record unemployment , and the economy is continuously deteriorating , does n't that mean that every time they release unemployment figures it will be a new record ? 
  i swear reuters copies and pastes the same article every quarter , and simply changes the unemployment number . 
  on what level do you mean `` go metric '' in relation to the government . 
  a lot of government research bodies are already using metric . 
  the military uses metric to some extant . 
  and pretty much all universities use metric ( if in the science/engineering field ) . 
  as for industry and things directly affecting the average american , i doubt that will ever completely switch over . 
  the only industry i know that made the switch when they were supposed to was the soda industry . 
  how would increasing trade with a country who 's economy is strengthening drag europe down ? 
  if america is a mess , i 'd like to see what you call europe right now . 
  i counted zero reasons . 
  i saw only hollow , bloviating , sensationalism passed as reasons . 
  amerikkka is evil and europe is humanity 's only hope are n't reasons . 
  i do that too . 
  or i 'll just go into his comment history for some laughs . 
  his comment history is only disappointing when i realize i 've already seen it all because i just see a line of orange upvote arrows next to his name . 
  either he has shifted his tone a little , or other people are seeing the comedy in his posts . 
  it 's pretty strange seeing him with positive karma . 
  it almost does n't look right . 
  i always figured i was the only one that : 1 ) enjoyed his comments . 
  2 ) actually upvoted them . 
  at this point he 's the main reason i come to this subreddit . 
  * whoa !, 
  * are you some kind of wizard ? 
   the draft eu budget that has been adopted is , dare we say it , impoverished . 
  the text confirms the lack of economic ambition and vision of the bloc at a time when we find ourselves in direct competition with the continental countries such as the united states , china and india . 
   ** those countries pursue strategies that aim for excellence in certain sectors and that promote their champions , springboarding off their vast domestic markets to conquer the world . 
  ** the draft eu budget does exactly the opposite : the future projects that could serve as a support for a european industrial strategy have been massacred . 
  they represent just a fraction of the direct subsidies paid into agriculture and a little over a tenth of the total budget . 
  i can already tell at this point that this author is rather fond of exageration . 
   the crisis , the rapid transformation of the world economy and the extraordinary evolution of global power relations should have inspired a surge in europe : ** a union against an america that is getting back on its feet , ** what the fuck ?!? 
  why in the hell would europe be against an america that is getting back on its feet ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a trade imbalance between the us and europe in favor of europe , and any export market that is consuming more of your goods when domestic demand is weakening should be welcomed . 
  and since when is europe a union that is * against * america ? 
   we must draw political lessons from this mess . 
  ** the budget debate has been taken hostage by one country , the united kingdom , which may not even be part of the union tomorrow . 
  david cameron came to sabotage the general european interest , and he succeeded . 
  duly noted . 
  ** in this case , though , let 's follow this through to its logical conclusion : if the strategic thinking is not done at the eurozone level , the bloc will be doomed to impotence . 
  who the hell is this nicolas barr\u00e9 guy ? 
  he sounds like a fear mongering , sensationalizing son of a bitch to me . 
  whoever he is , he is desperately trying to make it seem like the rest of the world has resolved all of its issues , and his forging the path to a prosperous future while europe alone is struggling with internal debates and a shakey economy . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out that these issues are currently being played out in much of the rest of world as well . 
  this guy must simply be trying to make a name for himself by stoking the flames of peoples emotions . 
  women live an average of two years longer than their male counterparts . 
  should that mean that they have to retire two years later than males to gain their pension/social security benefits . 
  i believe that would be a natural extension of equality , yet i have never heard of women demanding an extension to their retirement age . 
  i just thought it was funny that you mentioned detroit . 
  it always gets mentioned whenever dangerous cities are brought up . 
  i live twenty minutes from detroit . 
  i actually love this area . 
  i 've never felt uneasy in the cuty itself , and the suburbs outside of it ( where i now live ) , are really safe . 
  it 's unfortunate that detroit has a bad reputation . 
  oh well , if people want to avoid this area , it 's their loss . 
  so you point out that the us has detroit , and then back peddle and say the us is actually pretty safe ? 
  i do n't disagree with you , i just saw that jab about detroit and now i 'm reading this comment ... interesting . 
  dude , that was 200 years ago . 
  canada is still its own country last time i looked . 
  i 'm so confused . 
  i do n't want to annex canada . 
  were you suggesting that a free trade pact between the eu and the us would lead to the us taking over the eu ? 
  or the eu taking over the us ? 
  as for the referendum , are you assuming i 'm british . 
  i live an ocean away from britain , and do n't give a shit what britain decides to do . 
  this is mutually beneficial . 
  get it done . 
  i think what you really want is `` all that gas '' . 
  it 's a fact of nature . 
  life feeds on life . 
  oh i 've got one of those . 
  they 're pretty sweet .
