  it 's not us arrogance , it 's common sense . 
  i 'm just saying i have no latent trauma existing right now . 
  that 's what you were suggesting . 
  and i do n't think babies even have the capacity to understand what is happening at the time , and would totally forget what happened within a day . 
  babies are fucking retards . 
  i understood the points of the other comments i received , but this one is just retarded . 
  i 'm circumcized . 
  i do n't feel mutilated at all . 
  i really do n't see what the big deal is . 
  holy shit !, 
  ha ha thanks . 
  i mostly relied on word of mouth to determine if there were any mexican restaurants , and my friends knew of only one . 
  i guess i should have gone to my inter-googler to look for some . 
  yeah i live a short three hour drive from chicago . 
  no mexicans here . 
  before i moved here , i could walk ten minutes and be at about three or four mexican joints , and a few carnicerias as well . 
  exactly . 
  i live in illinois now , and there is an alarming dearth of mexican food . 
  growing up in arizona there was a mexican joint on every street corner pretty much . 
  the shit we have here is a piss poor substitute . 
  you know it sucks when a white guy is making your mexican food , and the menu is 99 % english besides the occasional `` los '' somewhere . 
  it may be because the gypsies in the us are the ones that left that bullshit behind . 
  i 'm not really sure since i 've never known , or even seen a gypsy in america . 
  but i know they exist . 
  the only person i know who had gypsies in his town said they were liars and thieves . 
  i 'm not sure if they had their kids begging or not . 
  but from his testimony ( yeah i know it 's just one guy , but that 's all i got ) it does n't seem like our gypsies are too different than european gypsies . 
  i 'm sure european authorities would also try and find out why a kid is not in school . 
  i 'm sure they have truancy laws their as well . 
  maybe european authorities just said `` fuck it '' ? 
  their gypsy populations are much larger than ours on absolute and relative levels ( * especially relative levels * ) . 
  it might be easier to handle them when you have one or two families in an entire state , as opposed to tens of thousands of them . 
   nobody 's dumping roma here . 
  they 're just sending the ones with romanian citizenship back to their country . 
  nobody 's dumping bulgarian or kosovar or slovak roma in romania . 
  thank you for that clarification . 
  i was hoping that what i said was not the case . 
  i am glad to see that it is not . 
  i do n't know too much about gypsies , and even less about the gypsy populations in each country . 
  but i always wonder how exactly the authorities know the gypsies are from romania or bulgaria . 
  i thought that gypsies notoriously lacked any papers or identification . 
  so why do western european countries always send them to romania ? 
  is romania simply the last stop on the gypsy express ? 
  do countries just assume romania is the source of all gypsies , therefore should be the destination of all deported gypsies ? 
  if i was romanian , i would probably be furious that my nation is the dumping ground of unwanted gypsies . 
  thank you for your response . 
  it seems like europe is still far away from being able to act as a single , united entity . 
  for the moment , that does n't pose too many issues as europe is not facing any outside , existential threats . 
  let 's hope it stays that way for some time . 
  i wonder though , if europe was facing an outside threat , if it could organize into a single entity , and if so , how long would that take to put the structures in place to act as a single entity , and how effective it would be in that capacity . 
   their divergent policies do not harm one another . 
  not directly . 
  but what about indirectly ? 
  do you think not having a cohesive view of , and strategy for , foreign policy to be harmful ? 
  that is how i interpreted it . 
  at the very least , he is suggesting that the inability to project a united voice to the world has deleterious effects on europe 's credibility . 
  funny how another comment in this thread mention america having a huge persecution complex , when it seems that the persecution complex seems to be just as prevalent on the other side of the atlantic . 
  i did not see this as overly antagonistic , but i submit that i am not the object of his ire , so i was not taking offense to his tone . 
  what you saw as condescending , i saw it as being refreshingly honest in a way that is typically shunned by the more diplomatic tone i see in standard journalism . 
  yes . 
  i read every word of the article . 
  what he is referring to here is that there were several european countries that backed a resolution on syria in the wake of the use of chemical weapons a few weeks back . 
  it was not just the uk and france , but a multitude of european countries . 
  here is a list of the countries , and their positions : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_reactions_to_the_syrian_civil_war note that that list contains other countries besides european ones , and not all european countries shared the same view . 
  i thought it fair to link a source that portrayed the granularity in european opinions , and not just the ones that fit my narrative . 
  anyways , the point is that there are nearly a dozen european countries on the list backing the use of force against syria . 
  coax may not have been the appropriate word , but perhaps `` signalling they were backing a strike '' . 
  this strike would only happen if the us was on board . 
  if the us pulled out , no european country would go it alone . 
  he is saying that basically by signalling to america that they backed a resolution , this was enticing the us to act . 
  a week later the whole thing fell apart when european countries began to show they were not as cohesive as the were projecting , and then public opinion showed it was vehemently against such a strike . 
  so it is how you interpret the events in certain contexts . 
  you seem to attach on to the word `` coax '' and use that to dismiss everything . 
  it is true that a number of europeans vocally supported a strike . 
  in that sense , coaxing the us into a coalition is a plausible interpretation . 
  i understand how you could take exception to some of the author 's comments , but it seems as if character assassination is a completely acceptable form of argument . 
  no one will agree with everything an author states in an opinion piece , but i am not a fan of someone saying `` look , i found this one paragraph in an article that i disagreed with , now i can successfully ignore everything else '' . 
  i also think you , and other here are misreading the comment about nuclear weapons . 
  it is obvious that the us used nuclear weapons . 
  he does n't mention it because it is a known to everyone over the age of 5 . 
  what he is saying is `` do you really think you are so morally superior to the us because you did not use nuclear weapons ? 
  the reason you did n't is because you did n't have them '' . 
  whether that is true or not , no one will ever know . 
  but that does n't mean that a european country would not have done so had they had the ability , once again see the use of chemical weapons employed in systematically in europe . 
   suggesting that the blame for the wars does n't lie squarely at germany 's feet . 
  reading this sentence gives me a better idea of where you are coming from , and why you took offense to some of the comments . 
  i think it should be clear that when discussing issues regarding europe , constantly putting in asterisks and clarifications of which countries the author is specifically referring to would make any article hopelessly convoluted . 
  it is assumed that the reader would be able to parcel out which countries are being referred to when the word `` europe '' is employed . 
  clearly this annoys the hell out of europeans , but you should read it as a word that means a fluid group of countries , where that group changes depending on context . 
   the whole article is shallow and terribly condescending in a `` oh those boring europeans . 
  they 're insignificant '' - tone and i do n't care for it . 
  shallow is the opposite of the word i would use for this article . 
  condescending , at parts yes . 
  but it was brutally honest in others parts . 
  i noticed people globbed on to the condescending parts , and used that as an excuse to ignore the rest . 
  i find that rather childish . 
   either he is n't very good at his job or he is writing this specifically for idiots . 
  so then what do you call the uk joining the european union ? 
  that marked a few decades of closer integration with europe . 
  so in this context , the uk moving in its own direction is a more recent phenomenon .
