  the true meaning of `` finland '' is actually lost to history , but modern scholars believe it once meant `` troll haven '' . 
  at this point you should just go all in at 50 % / 100 % . 
  double or nothing . 
  i mean fuck it , what do you have to lose ? 
  i think you missed my point . 
  i never mentioned anywhere that i think the government should abandon environmental regulations , and cease maintaining roads . 
  i was trying to stress that too many people look to the government to solve everything , and in instances where the government has demonstrated incompetence , we should revisit the notion that they can solve everything . 
  did you really think i was advocating that we should all drill our own wells for water ? 
  my point is more along the lines of : if your government has been snarled in scandal after scandal , and exhibits institutional corruption , perhaps people should stop expecting solutions to come from that same entity . 
  i do concur that we are following in your footsteps of turning to the government to fix everything . 
  fortunately there is also a counter current that is moving in the opposite direction . 
  every serious issue facing cities , states , and our national government stems from naive , yet nobel , government programs that are proving to be far more costly , and far less effective than originally advertised . 
  the idea that government entities should be eliminated , and taxes drastically decreased is being implemented in many states across the us . 
  the fact that it is the republican party that wants to end this folly ensures that their ideas get no `` airtime '' on reddit . 
  it 's a shame that putting money back into the pockets of the citizen is considered lunacy by far too many people . 
  it is interesting to encounter hostility for simply questioning the efficacy of government . 
  i would expect this questioning to be a natural reaction to five years of government mismanagement , and the subsequent increases in taxes . 
  from the outside looking in , it appears that many governments view their very own citizens as a lender of last resort . 
  taxes can always be raised , but government is rarely pared back . 
  do you envision a movement in europe that rightfully views their governments as parasitic , or at least wants to drastically reduce the power of government and in turn empower the citizen ? 
  or is the idea that the government is a benevolent entity entrusted to take care of every issue too embedded into peoples ' minds ? 
  i am not advocating dismantling every government and radically reforming its purpose , i am just suggesting people think about the possibilty that maybe their faith and reliance on government is perhaps misplaced . 
  i do n't know , maybe these ideas sound crazy on the other side of the atlantic , but this is a common conversation over here . 
  i 'm turning myself into a slave because i want my government to leave me the hell alone and not play the patronizing role of babysitter to the population ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  the slave is the person who surrenders half of their wealth to the government , and in doing so , perpetuates dependancy on the government . 
  how would i become a slave if i chose to look towards myself to solve my problems , and did n't rely on the government to fix my issues ? 
  your comment lacked any sense . 
  please try again . 
  your last sentence is particularly interesting . 
  i have argued on this sub reddit to no avail that it is indeed the government that is the source of the problem . 
  too many people think that the government a ) has the ability to solve every issue in society and b ) has the duty to solve every issue in society . 
  now it can be argued that government is not solver of all problems , but is the source of all problems . 
  either through institutionalized corruption , or naive social programs that rapidly become bloated and insolvent . 
  too many european countries have this messiah complex where they believe countries around the globe will laud their efforts to take in illiterate immigrants and provide for all their needs . 
  and instead of other countries following suit by taking care of their own citizens , and the citizens of other countries , they laugh and view those policies as removing the burden from them . 
  and where has these nobel policies left many countries ? 
  it has left them with ghetto-ized urban areas off limits to the locals . 
  in addition , it is up to the tax payers to pay for these feel good notions that europe is the savior of the worlds poor . 
  you guys suffer the highest taxes of the industrialized world , and you have to ask : is it worth the warm fuzzy feeling you get inside to play the part of the savior ? 
  does the idea that the government should be responsible for everything need to be reevaluated ? 
  if the citizens of so many countries are barely getting , why should they give up half their paycheck to fund a government that is demonstrably corrupt and/or incompetent ? 
  i always thought that the inherent skepticism about government was a uniquely american phenomenon , and the absolute trust in government was a european phenomenon . 
  perhaps i am wrong in thinking this because my window into europe is limited to media , and i am not there in the caffes or pubs across europe engaging in political discussion . 
  but maybe this crisis will lead many to rethink their beliefs on what the size and scope of government should be , and whether it is worth the costs . 
  in my opinion , such a discussion can only be a good thing . 
  i think it 's probably more of the `` young , liberal '' part . 
  plus , redditors love to find reasons to feel superior to others , especially if it makes them feel like their country is better than someone elses country . 
  people here get a boner every time they can call someone racist . 
  oh well , fuck them , and fuck gypsies . 
  there may or may not have been a little exaggerating in that comment , 
  do any americans actually try and defend gypsies ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that behavior is widely known and not many people would criticize how you guys handle that situation . 
  of course this is reddit though , and someone always feels the need to call someone a racist . 
  oh well , i do n't care what you guys do them . 
  gypsies sound awful . 
  the good ` ol us of a. 
  some people can afford , but others such as myself have to rely on constitutionally protected [ squatter 's rights ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/squatting ) . 
  you basically wait for some rich family to leave on a month long vacation in europe , and you break into their house and move in . 
  if you can live there for a certain period of time , you own it because it 's considered abandoned . 
  it 's risky , but pay off is huge . 
  some people are like god damn hermit crabs . 
  they can become tycoons and pay people to squat for them !, 
  must be like our version of gypsies or something . 
  so yeah that 's how half the homes are acquired around here . 
  being that europe could n't give a fuck about defending itself or its interests , what is standing in the way of completely disbanding nato ? 
  i 'm so confused . 
  you have us flair . 
  yes , it is hard . 
  you have to leave the continent basically to hear another language . 
  interesting . 
  the truth gets heavily down voted . 
  denial may be the theme of our times . 
  it 's at least good to have an outlet as a protest vote . 
  even if ukip proves to be a flop , it at least forces those in power to recognize the fact that the dominant parties are ignoring a significant part of the populace 's concern . 
  that should make them reevaluate their stances on a number of positions . 
  does n't that prove that democracy works in some sort of way ? 
  at least you can take something positive out of the results . 
  but , but ... you might have to learn other languages ... that sounds scary . 
   they lack culture , or hate themselves we hate ourselves . 
  that 's why we invented mcdonalds and motorized scooters . 
  it 's to prove how miserable we are . 
  are there any idiots out there that still believe these false prophets and their ridiculously optimistic forecasts ? 
  have n't they been singing the same song for five years now ? 
  he was using the word `` culture '' in the way many european people use the word `` culture '' . 
  which in that case means `` being european '' . 
  then we 're in good company . 
  i wonder if it has anything to do with that country being founded by former us slaves ? 
  ( i think that 's how that country got founded , i 'm too lazy to look it up ) . 
  holy shit !, 
  my brother was stationed in budingen in the army for years . 
  he tried showing me it on a map a few times but could n't find it ( obviously this was before you could just look it up on google maps ) . 
  he loved that place . 
  that was the first time i have ever seen it mentioned besides when my brother spoke about it . 
  he actually met his wife there . 
  does that owner feel like the biggest bad ass in town ? 
  i would if i was him . 
  that is really cool about designing your cities with public transportation in mind . 
  america is big enough , and new enough to design cities with cars being the primary mode of transportation , whereas europe really is n't . 
  you have to work with what you got and one design might work well in some places and not work well in others .
