  after reading this , it was obvious all along what the fin has been up to . 
  honestly , if i were you , i 'd watch my back . 
  maybe lay low for a while . 
  you most certainly made enemies . 
  the finnish redditors ( spies ) have probably alerted their contacts . 
  perhaps that 's why they are constantly trolling / r/europe , to subtley hint at what their grand plans are . 
  ufrustratedbro is n't a troll , he 's a messenger . 
  oh god , maybe i know too much now . 
  i have to go . 
  where are you mitso ? 
  did ze germanz force the poor greeks into spending so much ? 
  merkel you conniving cunt !, 
  does it bother then when german redditors say : ` merkel !, 
  i am indeed a really nice person . 
  if you really think the krauts are out to fuck your country , do something about it . 
  since you are only one person , you ca n't affect anything on a national level . 
  i suggest moving to germany , and immidiately become a parasite on their social welfare . 
  refuse to get a job . 
  bleed them out from within . 
  engage in criminal behavior . 
  set fire to city buses . 
  poison local water sources . 
  assault local politicians . 
  beat up elderly people . 
  free the animals from the local zoo . 
  spread mayhem . 
  spread fear . 
  do this for the honor of greece . 
  i was just guessing because whoever created that account , posted an article about russian interest in greece 's energy , then made the username `` russiamobstate '' , hardly a flattering name . 
  this just seemed to fit your pattern of accusing x country stealing greece 's resources , and then labeling them as a criminal organization carrying out their grand plan to ruin greece . 
  i just figured you created this user because this time you were targeting russia as opposed to germany . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  anyways , i want you to answer a question . 
  are you , or are you not , russianmobstate . 
  this is that users first and only post , and it seems like something you would post . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  as soon as the russians came , you 'd start spinning some grand conspiracy theories that the russians and germans had made a secret pact to divide you in half , strip your nation of it 's natural resources , and enslave your people , just like they did to poland right before ww2 . 
  i 'm on to you mitso . 
  i can predict your conspiracy theories . 
  you 're just pretending you do n't mind about russia . 
  you 'll be calling your prime minister `` putin 's puppet '' in no time . 
  what makes you think italy/spain/ireland would follow greece ? 
  where would they follow you to ? 
  it 's not like the piigs ( or for the tech savvy youth , the ipigs ) have anywhere else to go . 
  what would they do ? 
  form an alliance of crumbling economies ? 
  a union of emigrants ? 
  how would they finance their governments after they waved their collective peckers at their financeers and told them to fuck themselves after they sunk countless billions into them ? 
  and on to the revolution point , who are the greeks going to revolt against ? 
  their own corrupt governments ? 
  the boogey man imf ? 
  none of this is realistic . 
  it 's just tough talk from someone who is angry but does n't know where to direct that anger . 
  you 're acting like a nation of ten million people has some mysterious leverage over a union of hundreds of millions of people . 
  russianmobstate = 86mitso . 
  i 'm on to you mitso , there is no hiding . 
  do you post anything that does n't revolve around greece ? 
  does the uk use the acronym bohica ? 
  it seems like you should get used to saying it . 
  it means : bend over , here it comes again . 
  is it common for telegraph.co.uk to troll their readers with pictures from american horror movies when the write an article about child abuse ? 
  my first impression was to laugh after the article loaded . 
  i am not sure that 's the sentiment they were trying to conjure up . 
  unfortunately , i have no idea what that article said because i do n't understand french . 
  however , i sincerely hope the article was discussing an `` actors-for-tanks '' exchange program between france and russia . 
  was that supposed to anger me ? 
  while it 's true that germany is an export economy , and both china and america have improving economies , over half of german exports are to european economies . 
  i do n't think either america or china is in a position to pick up that slack from the diminishing demand from european countries . 
  so even if germany shifts it 's focus to markets elsewhere , it ca n't replace the customers it 's losing at its doorstep with customers overseas quickly enough to prevent a slump . 
  who the fuck are these cunts ? 
  i wish i made the news when i drove places . 
  so ... was it homeless people , gypsies , or a city bus that chopped it down ? 
  i 'm missing something here . 
  that is extremely accurate , accept replace the background with an office setting , and replace the computer with my mobile phone . 
  we all come to reddit for the same reason , to be entertained . 
  and sometimes i find it entertaining to make asshole comments just for the lulz . 
  is it really * that * wrong to do it ? 
  it 's not exactly hurting anyone . 
  i get it , but sometimes it looks like your trying too hard . 
  the next time someone shits all over greece , instead of mentioning that greece is the birthplace of democracy , you 're getting screwed by the troika , and germany is doing this to get access to your natural resources and all that , just start telling people to go fuck themselves and kindly ask them to suck on your hellenistic balls . 
  you do n't really have anything to prove to some anonymous internet users you do n't even know . 
  you seem so eager to prove to everyone how rich and amazing greece is to everyone . 
  i know you 're greek , but just as greece bashing gets old , so too does greece idolizing . 
  another day goes by , and once again people are getting multicultured to death . 
  yes . 
  you sent me a half naked picture of austin powers . 
  that is an automatic breach of contract for me . 
  goodbye little child . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i do n't wan na play anymore . 
  i thought i told you it was past your bed time . 
  little baby gets cranky when he does n't get his nappy naps . 
  for being such a bitch ass little pussy , you sure are entertaining . 
  but alas , i think it 's past your bed time . 
  you must be all tuckered out after a long day of defending the world against tyranny . 
  good night sweet child , remember momma 's gon na make everything okay . 
  momma 's gon na make all your nightmares go away . 
  how do you know what my education level is ? 
  i have n't said anything in this thread except calling you a little bitch . 
  how old are you ?
