  bikes are n't uncommon . 
  i know a few people that do n't own cars and bike everywhere . 
  but when they tell you that , you 're not sure if they bike everywhere because they are poor , or just kind of quirky . 
  that 's actually a really interesting interpretation . 
  basically once poland was invaded , it was compromised and was no longer the poland that existed before . 
  from a geopolitical perspective , that kinda makes sense, 
  if you have dual citizenship you can . 
  but if you only have us citizenship ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  honestly i just really do n't know . 
  never heard anyone talk about it before, 
  thanks for the response , that was really interesting . 
  do you think the bosnian army would be able to act decisively in a war , or would it be paralyzed along ethnic lines ? 
  there goes my dream of living in europe for free while collecting sweet government checks . 
  why is that stupid ? 
  sounds like free money , free food , and free housing for life to me . 
  probably ca n't work because you do n't speak a word of the language . 
  if you had absolutely no dignity , and you wanted to live your life as a parasite to society ... why would n't you just go to sweden , renounce your citizenship , and live like a king off government benefits ? 
  sounds like a parasite 's paradise to me . 
  alright . 
  that 's one detail that i never would have been able to pick it out on my own . 
  but does that really detract from the overall argument of this article . 
  he basically compared the origins and current state of bosnia , to what is happening to ukraine and where it 's future might be . 
  it does n't seem like a bad comparison to me , even if the author was sloppy about that one detail ( there could be more erroneous details too , but as someone who lives across the world i would n't be able to point them out ), 
  alright . 
  that 's one detail that i never would have been able to pick it out on my own . 
  but does that really detract from the overall argument of this article . 
  he basically compared the origins and current state of bosnia , to what is happening to ukraine and where it 's future might be . 
  it does n't seem like a bad comparison to me , even if the author was sloppy about that one detail ( there could be more erroneous details too , but as someone who lives across the world i would n't be able to point them out ), 
  still plenty of dudes with smallarms waiting around , i take it ? 
  not sure why you 're getting so much crap for that article you linked . 
  it 's actually a really interesting article . 
  thanks for link !, 
  are those countries even capable of mobilizing that quickly for a full scale war ? 
  why is it not working ? 
  does one ethnic group have more powers than other ethnic groups ? 
  or do the serbs and albanians * just hate each other ? 
  * is the correct ethnic groups ? 
  the balkans is complicated . 
  there are croatians in bosnia also , right ? 
  i swear an iteration of this same article is posted almost every day, 
  who fucking gives a shit . 
  every year there 's an article about this trying to drum up outrage . 
  please stop trying to get us to care about this !, 
  how were the gains insignificant ? 
  the gains were perhaps the most important gains in human history . 
  it literally brought two whole worlds together that had no idea about the others existence . 
  yeah a fuck ton of people and civilizations were destroyed . 
  but his discovery was of immense importance . 
  and in the places of the old civilisations , new ones arrived that are immensely more prosperous than the old ones . 
  how many mexicans want to go back to the era of ritual human sacrifices ? 
  i think you 're seriously underestimating how substantially important the discoveries of the new world were to the trajectory of human history . 
  you would be hard pressed to find a more important event that effected humanity as a whole . 
  insignificant my ass !, 
  there has hardly been an event more significant than it in all of history !, 
  because he discovered the new world , and permanently changed human history ? 
  that 's a massive accomplishment , something few people ever can claim . 
  he was a dick , but a very important one . 
  do you consider russia the successor state of the soviet union ? 
  there are a lot of similarities between ussr / ottoman empire and russia / turkey . 
  not calling you a hypocrite or anything , just trying to get a sense of how you qualify successor states . 
  so the headline does n't make a lot of sense . 
  it 's still a crime , but it 's punished with a fine instead of jail time . 
  sounds like it is still illegal then, 
  oh shit dude . 
  the first time you went skiing you were in full blown military gear ? 
  the first ( and only ) time i skied i was just dressed up in winter clothes and fell on my face every five minutes . 
  how did you manage to stay up longer than 30 seconds ? 
  very understandable . 
  i 've tried cross country skiing myself and i was utterly incapable of turning or stopping . 
  i could only go forward which meant lots of falling on my face . 
  i can only imagine how difficult it to be able to ski competantly , and then being able to shoot a rifle on top of that . 
  also , a lot of those military boys in the us are from texas or the south where it never snows , so that has to be a very difficult skill to learn later in life . 
  i 'm guessing finnish boys are raised on skis or something from a young age . 
  in america , skiing is a novelty that usually only wealthy people pursue . 
  in that part of europe , it seems like having men be able to ski is a matter of national security !, 
  do they actually teach skiing skills there ? 
  by the way this should be obvious : when it comes to american military winter training , this is completely beyond my scope of knowledge as i have absolutely zero personal or even anecdotal experience with this . 
  ha ha they look way out if their element . 
  i 'm guessing finland 's military places a lot of emphasis on skiing skills . 
  i doubt america 's military employs this skill at all . 
  they looked like fish out of water . 
   also the cheap health care , very long parental leaves for each parent , cheap child care , cheap education for your children and so on . 
  keep in mind , a lot of people who move to silicon valley from europe are young , single males . 
  that demographic tends not too think down the line and consider maternity leave when looking for a job . 
  they often prioritize money . 
  i 'm a 29 year old single male and have never considered maternity leave and child care benefits when looking for jobs . 
  it 's all about the money to me , and i suspect the same is true for a lot of young guys out there . 
  i like how we do n't have to cheat and we 're still in the top three . 
  but as my momma always used to tell me : if you ai n't cheatin ' , you ai n't tryin ' . 
  we attract all sorts of immigrants . 
  they are n't just doctors and engineers . 
  we get the plenty of good , but plenty of bad also . 
  so it certainly is n't all rainbows over here, 
  i am only assuming he is referring to recent migration . 
  virtually no white person who has been here more than two generations is 100 % anything . 
  calling a fifth generation american `` danish '' in this article would be bizarre , since the author could also call them german , irish , polish etc. . . 
  well when you put it that way , it does sound a little rude . 
  well if you 're going to invade a country , why would n't you do it while the majority of their government is isolated to an island ? 
  if you were doing a war simulation , would n't you simulate it during the other country 's time if vulnerability ?
