  that does n't mean finland sucks , or finland is doomed , it simply means that finland is facing clear obstacles . 
  you have to acknowledge those obstacles to overcome them . 
  i honestly think you are taken aback by an article that is n't heaping praise on a european country , and you are n't used to seeing it be criticized . 
  no system is perfect . 
  i have never said socialism is bad . 
  i am simply concuring with the author by saying what is happening now is n't working . 
  that 's not an insult . 
  it 's the truth . 
  and if you think this author is stupid , please tell me your name and i will check it out on wikipedia and see if your credentials are better than his . 
  and i will read the articles you have written in prestigious european media outlets . 
  oh , and i do read european sources , and they largely say the same thing . 
  even though all of my comments have been down voted , not one of you has had anything substantive to say to me other than `` article bad '' , `` author dumb '' , `` ur dumb '' , '' `` taxes are good '' . 
  please do better . 
   the article is full of crap . 
  the author implies that high taxes are bad per se . 
  the article is not full of crap . 
  it pointed out uncomfortable truths . 
  and he never implied high taxes are bad , he pointed out that high taxes in such an environment can have negative repercussions . 
   what has the aging of the population with fiscality ? 
  aging populations directly effect the government 's finances by increasing the financial burden while narrowing the tax base . 
  this is an inherently unsustainable situation that virtually every country with aging demographics is effected by . 
  i could say the same . 
  are americans so one dimensional in their thinking that for every problem , there is a market solution ? 
  i will accept that this is a common , and often misguided opinion in the us . 
  but you should also acknowledge that the idea of a benign government capable of solving every problem is equally wrong . 
  government is the source of corruption just as often as corporations are . 
   when a few billionaires buy politicians , you consider it normal . 
  i never said this . 
  and this is evidence to me that you indeed * are * vilifying success by immediately making this conclusion . 
  i noticed you edited your comment by removing the list of names of successful people i mentioned . 
  how many of them `` bought '' politicians ? 
  can you do more than mock me ? 
  perhaps read the link i posted elsewhere in this thread . 
  germany does it for far less , as does canada and a litany of other countries with high standards of living . 
  are those countries shit holes ? 
  you should feel pity for the people who are being laid off because taxation levels are so high that businesses are fearful of investing , hiring , and constructing new offices/factories . 
  you can not simply soak the rich indefinitely with no side effects . 
  the article discusses this issue . 
  what other industries does finland have ? 
  where are the next big investments going to come from ? 
  the average quality of life in finland may make the citizens comfortable , but it can also make the citizens complacent . 
  if the economy is stagnant or in recession , jobs are being lost , government deficits are increasing , clearly something is n't quite right . 
  are europeans so one dimensional in their thinking that for every problem , there is a government solution ( even when the government is often the source of the problem ) , and that solution is * always * `` moor taxes plz '' ? 
  i mean i get the whole `` fuck the rich for being rich '' thing , but that is an argument for amateurs . 
  in fact , it seems the only argument many europeans have is `` rich people are jerks '' . 
  why is this line of thought so persistent ? 
  maybe that 's why there are no bill gates , steve jobs , elon musk , sergey brin , jeff bezos , or mark zuckerburgs of europe . 
  rich people are n't always evil . 
  and targeting , and indeed villifying successful people is not the key to success . 
  keep in mind , higher taxes do n't always solve problems . 
  often they hide and obscure problems that will only get worse over time . 
  so what should you do ? 
  feel pitty for millionaires ? 
  how about getting more creative than `` raise taxes ever higher '' and go head hunting for rich people . 
  well since i have n't poured through finland 's budget , i have no idea what they are spending money on beyond social welfare programs . 
  i highly doubt social welfare programs constitute 100 % of finland 's expenditures . 
  take a look at this chart of countries spending as percentage of gdp ( fyi sort by highest to lowest in the govt . 
  expend % gdp column ) [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_spending#as_a_percentage_of_gdp ) germany manages to deliver similar levels of social welfare programs but only spends 45.4 % , and canada does it too at 41.9 % while taxing its citizens at 37.1 % and 31 % respectively versus finland 's taxation level of 43.4 % . 
  there are ways to reduce the tax burden and size of government without compromising on social welfare programs . 
  you just have to be creative . 
  and discussing this issue * should not * be taboo . 
  in fact , it should be at the forefront of political discourse . 
  but other countries can do it for less . 
  and not all of it gets recycled back into the economy . 
  lot 's of it gets consumed by a giant bureaucratic apparatus to pay government employees ( many of whom are not value added ) good salaries , comfy pension plans that can almost never be reformed when they become underfunded . 
  furthermore , reducing the scope of government is extremely difficult , and large governments are inherently wasteful . 
  increasing the size of government means increasing the size of bureaucracy . 
  just like adding components to a mechanical system inherently increases losses due to friction , so too adding to the size of government means money is lost in the government apparatus . 
  this is n't a good thing . 
  i am not advocating destroying your social welfare systems . 
  i am suggesting ( as is the author ) , that the government , and subsequently taxes , can and should be reduced in the face of rising deficits and a sluggish economy . 
  if the government is taking in 60 % of the money , that is simply far too much . 
  the government taking in 20 % may be far too low . 
  the right amount is probably somewhere in between where the citizens of finland would be comfortable with . 
  many governments provide everything you mentioned and take in significantly lower amounts money . 
  people should be able to discuss this without the fear mongering that always accompanies this issue that everything you love about finland will be destroyed if taxes are lowered even marginally . 
  it 's impossible to have a much needed , adult conversation if people resort to over simplified , extreme arguments . 
  that helps no one , and only delays the actions that need to take place , which exacerbates the problems . 
   please tell me then what you feel is a better metric then as pisa scores are the most quoted worldwide . 
  the ultimate metric is what that country produces , not how well students score on history and physics tests . 
  i do n't care what a country 's pisa scores are . 
  i care about the technology that comes from that country . 
  well 27 % of people opposing gay marriage is not insignificant . 
  anyway , that 's besides the point . 
  do you think this ruling will be overturned if it is clearly in defiance of the majority of the population ? 
  i agree . 
  but pretending the fact that the government is vacuuming up 60 % of the nation 's wealth , and heaping a massive tax burden on its populace , is not a problem is equally wrong . 
  the author pointed out that finland has n't grown in five years , and is in recession . 
  so no , it 's not doing `` just fine '' . 
  but go ahead and keep on believing that smothering taxes and ever increasing government is panacea to all of a nation 's problems . 
  oh i agree . 
  obviously an armed population would make invasion/occupation more difficult . 
  but in no way does that mean its impossible . 
  we might have the 2nd amendment here that gives us the right to own guns , but unfortunately we are not allowed to own anti air missiles , rpg 's , tanks , fighter jets etc. . . 
  there 's only so much a personal firearm can do against a modern , well equipped , and well trained army . 
  let alone an icbm launched from another continent . 
   i mean seriously , i thought we were a modern , western society ? 
  too many people on reddit ( or i should more broadly say , people of our demographic ) think western society is this progressive bastion . 
  you 're not alone in thinking this about your country . 
  there is opposition to gay marriage in many western countries even where it is legal .
