  what a mess . 
  i could only imagine the sense of hopelessness and frustration the people of spain must be feeling right now . 
  there 's really not a damn thing the regular people just trying to get by can do . 
  ha ha i have never heard of propagandhi but ratm was one of my favorite bands when i was in high school . 
  then i grew up and got a job . 
  so basically it was an opportunity for connected people to stuff their pockets with city funds while they could , correct ? 
  even if that is the case , several billion dollars ? 
  who is going to bail out madrid ? 
  does federal government of spain even have that kind of money ? 
  is madrid just going to have to declare bankruptcy like detroit ( fyi not even sure is spain has similar laws/processes that the us does for purging this kind of debt ) . 
  what a fucking shit show . 
  were n't they already up to their ass in debt before they bid for the olympic games ? 
  or did they put they bid in , and begin construction before the crisis hit ? 
  oh , well carry on then . 
  hmmm ... today i see on / r/europe that there are strikes in spain , protests against taxes in france , nationalist poles besieging russian embassies , protests in bulgaria against corruption . 
  from an outsiders perspective looking in , forgive me for asking : what the hell is going on in europe right now ? 
  weep into your beer . 
  no problem . 
  thanks for reading . 
  i did n't think many people would commit to reading an article that long . 
  i probably would n't be pleased with that outcome . 
  i think other people would describe it differently  . 
  let me ask you something . 
  i believe you are from russia . 
  is that correct ? 
  it 's not going to taint my views on this if it is , since i am not european and my country has never been directly at war with russia , i do n't really have any positive or negative views towards russia either way . 
  i posted this because i found the article interesting , and not to stoke russophobic sentiments at all . 
  if you are russian , what do you think of nato , or more specifically , poland 's attempt to increase it 's military strength to counter russia ? 
  sorry if this is a stupid question , i just find russian and european relations really interesting since they both have been victims of each other 's aggression , and both sides eye each other with suspicious . 
  there are always two valid and nuanced sides of the story . 
  ummmm ... what ? 
  i never implied that at all . 
  perhaps . 
  i do n't think most of the public has time to read a ten page article about france 's economy , or a book about france 's economy for that matter . 
  but i think the frequent readers of krugman are not your typical public , and are a little more interested in economics than your average joe . 
  i guess all articles have to make a trade-off between in-depth , long articles or short and concise ones . 
  to be honest , it 's kind of hard to put what i am trying to say into words . 
  he comes across as dismissive to me when he explains the crisis so simply . 
  if the solutions to the crisis were simple , there would be no crisis . 
  i do n't think krugman is helping by suggesting that in every editorial that the economic situation in the us and ez can be remedied so easily . 
  i do n't care who writes what , or who says what . 
  i want whoever is writing an article , or whoever is trying to convey a point , to use more than a few short paragraphs to get his/her point across . 
  most of the topics krugman writes on are highly complex , and to treat them as simple is disingenuous . 
  that 's my problem with him . 
  yup . 
  i find his articles very patronising . 
  he takes complex issues , and devotes three paragraphs and a crappy excel chart to the situation and assumes he has covered everything . 
  then i look at the comments section and it 's just a bunch of people professing their undying love for him . 
  and all he has to do to dismiss his critics is slap a label on them . 
  neo-con or neoliberal , either one will do . 
  i guess some people do . 
  he 's kinda like the justin bieber of economists . 
  he has a ton of rabid fans , but you 'll never actually meet one in real life . 
  if there is , you can always `` blame the americans for instilling '' that sentiment as this author does . 
  apparently our `` re-education efforts worked far too well on the germans '' i like the way this author ends the article though :  the way out of the dilemma has reverted to the simple formula of the cold war : let others do it . 
  or let them not do it . 
  for the foreseeable future , do n't count on us germans . 
  we 'll count on you . 
  he forgot to add the part about acting indignant and arrogant the entire time as well . 
  close enough . 
  i 'm not trying to win a spelling bee any time soon . 
  i think you have just been appointed to the editorial board of speigel international . 
  so ... would that scenario be a total disaster , or is their any way the crimea could cede from ukraine without violence ? 
  maybe let 's just hope it does n't even come to that . 
  i wonder what the chances are for internal instability in ukraine if they make a decision either way . 
  it seems the population is split . 
  if ukraine goes to europe , will the pro-russian elements in ukraine start stirring up trouble ? 
  what about the regions in ukraine that are more heavily populated by russians/pro-russians ? 
  is there a chance any regions would try breaking away from the rest of ukraine ? 
  damn !, 
  i 've been sitting here trying to think of a way to counter your argument ... 
  i got nothing . 
  i 'm a 99 % ` er . 
  life is pretty good . 
  high pay , and low taxes , and our economy is growing . 
  you do n't become the wealthiest country in the world with 99 % of the population living in penury . 
  we would n't have the largest domestic market on the planet if that was true . 
  sorry , but your little sound bite arguments do n't hold any water . 
  yeah , that guy took it a little far . 
  that was simply uncalled for . 
  yes , but we know how stories like this go . 
  anytime any country is at the forefront of a new practice , all other countries become uncivilized shit holes over night . 
  now , people will be complaining about how backwards paper ballots are , and how every non 3rd world country uses e-voting ... even though paper ballots have worked for centuries . 
  he 's already lost to bush . 
  if he could n't beat bush , who can he beat ? 
   i do n't . 
  they should clean their own mess first before they accuse others . 
  i understand this line of thought , but that means nobody can criticize anyone else . 
  i mean , there were european leaders telling the us that its economic policies were creating too much debt , and that debt would be bad for american growth . 
  should america have told them to fuck off just because a few european countries have higher debt/gdp ratios than us ? 
  no , it was valid criticism . 
  plus , this is n't just the us criticizing germany . 
  the same thing was said in the british press , and italy has stepped up its criticism of germany 's policies . 
  so should they all shut the hell up until their economies are stronger , and their debt has been cleaned up ? 
  why is it that criticism from outsiders is always reviled ( that 's not just a german thing , every time i see one country criticize another countries economic policies , the response is always `` shut up until your house is in order '' ) i understand why you would think that way , but i think it prevents one from really considering the merit in those critiques . 
  it 's called a gun . 
  what makes you think they are virtually empty ? 
  that 's not even close to the truth . 
  i think there is a gross misconception in europe as to the state of our healthcare here . 
  yes , many do n't have health insurance ( but still have access to care ) .
