  i am not suggesting that germany 's policies are the source of the problem , but i ( and just about everyone outside of germany ) am suggesting its policies are * exacerbating * the problem . 
  your attitude seems consistent with the attitude of many german 's , and the german government itself . 
  you may be uncomfortable with this idea , but here is a truth : germany , as the leading economy in the ez , and the leading voice on the ez/ecb 's policies , will be blamed for anything that goes wrong with the euro and the economies of various nations in the ez . 
  your country is the captain of this ship , and if it runs aground , people will be blaming your country , fair or not . 
  so it is not in germany 's best interest to dismiss the complaints of the other country 's in the ez . 
  it seems germany is very reluctant with its leadership role in europe . 
  the economist accurately described germany as the `` reluctant hegemon '' for a good reason . 
  but unfortunately , your country does not have the luxury of sitting on the sidelines doing nothing and hoping the crisis in the eurozone will go away with a little dash of growth here and some austerity there . 
  germany must take decisive action in radically reforming the ez . 
  you can not simply dismiss criticism of your country as unfair , unwarranted , or unwelcome . 
  your country is in a leadership role , this criticism comes with the territory whether you like it or not . 
  if germany continues to do nothing , and the situation continues to deteriorate , your country will be blamed . 
  so it is not my `` fucking problem '' , it 's yours . 
   the only one throwing critics at other countries seems to be the us . 
  especially lately . 
  there is a chorus of criticism at germany 's policies coming from virtually every country in the ez , and uk media like the telegraph , the economist , and the financial times criticize germany regularly . 
  if you think it just comes from the us , you are imagining things . 
  and i doubt you `` always like to hear both sides '' , since i have never seen you once even acknowledge any credence in any arguments that suggest germany is benefiting from the euro at the expense of other countries . 
  it 's always deflection , and you reflexively dismiss anything the us says with respect to the ez 's monetary policy . 
  and i am sure you know the ez 's monetary policy ranks among the worst in the world of advanced nations . 
  it 's not just the us saying this , it 's virtually * every other country * saying this . 
   i think that most of it it 's bullshit to get famous . 
  he 's writing a book to get `` famous '' even though he was the president of the federal reserve bank of new york , then secretary of the treasury of the largest economy in the world , and was a well respected economist for decades ... how do you get famous after such a high profile , illustrious career . 
  this is basically like saying an outgoing president who publishes his memoirs is only doing so to become famous . 
  he was already famous !, 
  you seem utterly incapable of handling any criticism of your country . 
  you always throw valid criticism of germany 's policies back at other countries . 
   basically what really happened in sylt was that sch\u00e4uble refused to take orders ( or `` recommendations '' ) how to deal with the crisis from the finance minister of a country that is head over ears in debt itself . 
  how the fuck do you know ? 
  where you there in the room when these discussions were taking place ? 
  you are the world 's ambassador ? 
  interesting ... how much does that position pay ? 
  i was unaware you spoke for 7 billion people . 
  well emo is short for `` emotional '' so you can probably guess what it represents ... mostly whiny teenagers listening to whiny music while wearing women 's mascara to make them look `` deep '' . 
   americans also speak english because of us , they did n't just invent the language . 
  this is n't exactly true . 
  american english is one of those cases of where the same thing was invented in two different locations independently of each other . 
  us americans began speaking a language that just so happened to look like english , sound like english , and even more bizarrely , also be * named * english . 
  but we did n't get if from you . 
  it was handed to down to george washington by god himself . 
  oh , and the absolutely fantastic food helps too . 
  seriously , for a country that has high levels of poverty and corruption , they pretty much have everything else going for them . 
  hell , i might be inclined to ignore corruption if everything else in my life was relatively good . 
  but that is just their opinion/perspective . 
  it 's understandable really . 
  how many descendants of german/polish/italian immigrants still speak their ancestral language ? 
  how many 3rd or 4th generation americans still relate to the countries they came from ? 
  i 'm mostly irish and hungarian yet i do n't relate at all to ireland or irish culture , and i have never even heard hungarian spoken once in my life . 
  if you look at it like this , it could be easy to conclude that those europeans who left for america would eventually lose their european cultural norms/values to have them replaced by american ones . 
  it may not be completely true , since american culture is essentially driven by its immigrants and their descendants , but i could understand where europeans are coming from if they feel that way . 
  the climate helps , mexico after all is a beautiful country that straddles both the pacific and atlantic oceans , and the entire country is situated in favorable latitudes that never get too cold . 
  also , they are just a happy people by nature . 
  they do n't really need a lot of material wealth to be happy , they just get a beer in their hand and head to the beach when they want to feel happy . 
   so a burning flag , for most europeans is n't seen as an affront against our countries but only as a mean of expressing discomfort against some of its actions . 
  sounds kinda bizarre honestly . 
  i 'm not saying whether it 's bad or good or whatever , but its certainly a different perspective than i am accustom to . 
  you 're right about how we view our flag though . 
  also , i 'm not really sure most people dispose of their flags the link suggests . 
  i honestly did n't even know there was a proper way to dispose of a flag . 
  that 's probably more for government purposes . 
  i would just chuck it in the trash ( if i owned one to begin with of course ) . 
  anyway , thanks for elaborating on your initial comment . 
  it definitely helped put it into context for me . 
  perhaps . 
  however , some people here get upset when they see people burning american flags ( if it is an american ) , but we are totally numb to the sight of seeing non-americans burn our flag . 
  it 's actually quite routine , so no one really cares if it happens outside the us . 
  but i do n't think americans are at all unique in that a decent chunk of the population would be irked to see images of their flag burning . 
  but once again , i think people overstate how much we care about it . 
  of all the flags in the world , i am guessing the american flag gets burned the most . 
  i suppose . 
  but americans are hardly unique in that they generally frown upon people burning their flag . 
  you could probably include at least half the countries on the planet where the people would be mildly annoyed to see someone burning symbols of their country . 
   are we suddenly americans ? 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  especially in the context of a guy burning an eu flag ? 
  why are these in english ? 
  yeah i was just kinda messing around anyways . 
  i know some people object to gmo 's because they could possibly be patented and such . 
  there are other reasons people are against gmo 's besides possible health reasons . 
  i was just kinda being a dick . 
  just the soundtrack , and not the video associated with it ? 
  i have seen most of the episodes and there is n't much music in there besides the intro and sometimes they play a little music before major battles . 
  aw man . 
  the history channel here stopped showing history a long time ago . 
  now i have to find good documentaries on the interwebs ... unless i want to watch 8 hours in a row of ancient aliens ( which is admittedly sweet whilst stoned ) or pawn stars . 
  i just want the old history channel back . 
  that 's why i smirk every time i see that stupid as eu flag with the words `` in science we trust '' written on it . 
  if that was true , then there would be no objection to gmo 's in europe , which there clearly is . 
  europe 's motto should be `` in lobbyists we trust '' . 
  lol . 
  yeah that entire series ( the soviet storm series ) is available on youtube . 
  it 's really well done , and definitely worth the watch . 
  uh ... what 's with the anime chick ? 
   americans have stared across the atlantic for decades and marveled at the strange spectacle that unfolds every may we have ? 
  that will be news to 99.9999999 % of americans . 
  send them to guantanamo . 
  as long as we can keep our guns ... we have decided we 're better off ruled and subjugated anyways , so we wo n't even be needing that seat . 
  maybe just a star in the bottom right hand corner of the union jack just to show that we are part of the mighty empire . 
  we 're a modest lot these days . 
  i just posted this so you yuropeans could circle jerk over the prospect of new empires built from old ones .
