  but it certainly sounds like much of europe is doing well with the land resources it has . 
  i ca n't really imagine a city like you were describing . 
  it would be pretty cool to have access to an entire city and not need a car . 
  the mental image of you whispering to your side view mirrors that everything is going to be okay is hilarious . 
  i 've never been to europe but from some of the movies i have seen ( i know that 's not the best source , but it 's all i got ) your streets look like our alley ways . 
  i can only imagine what it would be like for an american sized suv trying to drive down european streets . 
  they probably would n't make it very far . 
  thanks for the clarification about the business tax . 
  also , what about reducing income taxes for regular workers ? 
  is n't that the equivalent of giving them a raise at no cost to the employer ? 
  i understand that it effects the governments income , but it seems like everything else that has been tried has failed . 
  why not give some relief to the average worker this time ? 
  what 's the worst that can happen ? 
  the status quo is a failure too . 
  so it seems like the only thing that can be done is to start praying to and offering sacrifices to every god that we have ever come up with in the hope that one of them is the correct god ? 
  does anyone see a way out of this mess ? 
  i love that quote . 
  i 've heard it before and it 's very true ( unless you 're russian i guess , they probably think the width of most continents are small ) . 
  look i do n't really care , you 're correct . 
  but why did you completely change your original reply to me ? 
   ineffective , as you ca n't cut a tax that is n't paid . 
  not to be rude , but i 'm not sure i understand what that means . 
  as for the government bit , i agree that it 's not inherently bad . 
  but some countries have a reputable government , and others do n't . 
  i would be reluctant to give another euro to some of these governments that have demonstrated nothing but incompetence and corruption and seem to have a parasitic relationship with their populace . 
  not sure if you could run those numbers again with specific cities . 
  i tried phoenix , az to troy , mi . 
  maybe if you just searched az-mi it picked to edges of the borders to calculate the distances . 
  when i did it ( and i am completely open to the idea that the distance calculator i found on the internet was wrong ) , the two distances were within 200 miles of each other ... and when you are talking thousands of miles 200 miles is n't that much . 
  edit : did you do a sneaky edit and change your entire comment to remove the distances ? 
  by the way , this may just highlight the different ways americans and europeans view distance . 
  when i lived in phoenix , az , i used to consider los angeles to be very close because it was only 330 miles ( ~ 530 km ) away . 
  i live in peoria , il now and i consider chicago to be practically down the street because it 's only 165 miles ( ~ 266 km ) . 
  also , your map includes much of russia , and omits alaska . 
  that skews things as well . 
  russia seems to be considered europe and also not considered europe when it suits someone 's purpose . 
   how can we pump this money directly into the economy where it 's needed without causing too much of a fuz would n't cutting taxes to small business do this ? 
  cutting taxes to individual workers by 10 % would basically be like giving every worker a 10 % raise at no cost to the employer . 
  it would give money back to those who need it most and remove money from the two institutions that have fucked up the most : the government and banks . 
  i am glad you included russia in this . 
  removing russia changes things . 
  i mentioned the other day in another thread that i drove from arizona to michigan recently . 
  the distance i drove was approximately the same as driving from lisbon to kiev . 
  i am pretty sure most of europe can fit comfortably inside the us . 
  edit : changed `` equivalent '' to `` approximately the same as '' . 
  they 're too proud to comment on articles that carry themes of their obsolescence . 
  i somewhat agree . 
  clearly the wealthy individuals and companies have much more room to absorb tax increases then someone who is barely getting by.but tax increases that affect all citizens is overt theft of the citizens money to cover government shortfalls they were not responsible for . 
  especially if the government has these shortfalls because they bailed out failed banks . 
  if they then tax the citizen to cover that it is robbery plain and simple . 
  a fairer thing to do would be to offer the citizens tax relief , which directly stimulates the individual by essentially giving everyone a pay raise at no cost to the employer . 
  obviously each nation has it 's own issues it is facing and it 's own resources to deal with the issues . 
  but if a government views its citizens as a lender of last resort when they have no say in the matter ... well , this just does n't sit well with me . 
  is n't this blown out proportion a little ? 
  this guy in the pictures wrote a few blog entries in the dt the other day . 
  it sounds like he did it as a joke to make all his critics look stupid if they actually took this picture seriously . 
  it 's certainly interesting times if a ridiculous picture like this can damage someone 's political career . 
  it certainly seems like a number of european countries now view their own citizens as a lender of last resort . 
  except these countries never have to pay the citizen back unlike a loan from a bank , or a bond holder , or the imf . 
  that would be a dangerous trend if increasing taxes and bail-ins become the norm . 
  well let 's see . 
  i am 26 years old . 
  i make $ 70,000 per year . 
  i pay less than 20 % in income taxes . 
  i live in a country that spans a continent . 
  my housing is cheap ( $ 325/month ) , my fuel for my vehicle is about 1/3 the cost of fuel in much of europe . 
  my food is cheaper , my clothing is cheaper , my energy to heat my house in the winter is dirt cheap . 
  when i got laid off , i moved to another state . 
  i moved from arizona to michigan . 
  that is approximately the same distance as driving from lisbon , portugal to kiev , ukraine . 
  there is no cultural/linguistic barriers at all . 
  i rather like that . 
  could living in europe offered me all these ? 
  maybe some , but probably not all of them . 
  and as to your idiotic tid bit about the `` poor health care '' system , you sound so ignorant about our health care system that it is barely worth addressing . 
  if i mentioned reasons why i would n't like europe and i said `` herp derp socialism '' , you would dismiss me as a moron and rightly so . 
  well the same ignorance about america is proudly paraded about by many european/british redditors and ludicrous crap you guys say is hardly worth my time countering every thing . 
  and when i do , you guys say `` sweet anecdote bro '' , and offer other anecdotes . 
  how about we compromise with this : there is a lot about america that you guys do n't know about and are totally misinformed about , likewise there is a lot of ignorance/misinformation on this side of the atlantic about your part of the world . 
  i really do n't feel like getting into some waste of time , dick waving debate . 
  but if you think `` lol america sucks '' then you should reconsider why over 300 million people are happy to call it home . 
  wow . 
  is that the only thing you guys can come back with ? 
  i here that every time and it sounds so pathetic . 
  on my ranking of reasons why i would rather live in one country or another , universal health care does n't even make the top ten . 
  do you have anything else you can come up with ? 
  i was thinking about that and i remembered that probe that crashed into mars back in the 90s . 
  it crashed because there was some mismatch between using metric units and standard units . 
  i do n't really know all the details , but i am fairly certain nasa uses metric for most things . 
  metric is also used in pretty much all research done in government labs and in universities . 
  hell , i used the metric system in every science and engineering class from high school through college . 
  as for why i made that comment in the first place ... 
  i was just having a little fun . 
  funny how the only country that does n't use the metric system has put people on the moon , has multiple rovers on mars , and has probes at the edge of the solar system . 
  what other country has done any of those things ? 
  that 's right . 
  zero . 
  tell all the locals how shitty their country is . 
  they eat that shit up . 
  because they have higher taxes and shameful levels of unemployment .
