  so a few million latvians get their own unique language to themselves ? 
  i 'm kinda jealous . 
  i have to share mine with hundreds of millions of other people . 
  is latvian closer to a slavic language , or is it not really close to anything else ? 
  i 've seen people say on this sub that estonian is closer to finnish than any other language , but i do n't know what latvian is similar to . 
  but i look like one of those spineless americans who pretends to be canadian in front of europeans . 
  i do n't know if that was the reason why the canadian flag was chosen for americans , but if it was , it was pure genius . 
  that does n't mean i have to like it though . 
  i do n't get this putin guy . 
  he apparently has turned greece 's economy around , and is also responsible for record unemployment in italy . 
  he 's like some kind of god that arbitrarily punishes some countries , and rewards others . 
  what must we do to get on his good side ? 
  oh god , i do n't know what 's worse . 
  i 'd probably prefer mexican to canadian though . 
  is putin responsible for making me canadian for the day ? 
  if so , fuck you putin !, 
  wow . 
  unless everything in romania is basically free , i 'm surprised anyone is able to live a decent life on those wages . 
  do families usually pool their money among each other or something ? 
  i am struggling to conceive how people get by on that kind of money . 
  it seriously seems unimaginable ( sorry if this makes me sound like an arrogant asshole , i am not trying to come across like i am better than poor romanians or anything ) . 
   i disagree , the only reason for joining nato is to not have big military expenses . 
  so you are content leeching off the us ? 
  someone has to pay those bills , and its usually my country . 
  i find this attitude disgusting . 
  i 'm glad to learn you think that the research and development my country pours hundreds of billions of dollars on is `` primitive '' to you . 
  we should try being `` progressive '' instead , and send love letters to the russians as opposed to developing weapons systems to counter their military . 
  maybe we should task your country with shouldering the burden of the alliance . 
  how would you like it if romania was responsible for 75 % of the funds in nato , for developing most of the weapons in nato , for constructing the policy of nato , and the one expected to back up nato 's words with action if needed ? 
  or is that too `` primitive '' for your tastes ? 
  what the hell ? 
  how expensive is romania ? 
  the income you mentioned looks like famine rations . 
  300 $ / month ? 
  how could you possibly live off that ? 
   he views the world in the `` balance of power '' model and grim realpolitik view of the 19th century . 
  there is nothing `` 19th century '' about this view . 
  in fact , this is an `` every century '' view . 
  balances of powers and so called grim realpoliticks views are one of the few views that is a permanent truth , and a defining factor throughout human history that has never changed , and never will . 
  i admire farage for having the testicular fortitude for saying something unpopular , and sticking to it . 
  my views do not align with his , but i will always get behind a man who says what he believes , regardless what if its popular or not . 
  dude . 
  let them have this moment . 
  a little patting oneself on the back does n't mean it 's a manifestation of insidious nationalism . 
   it 's somewhere in between . 
  it 's a confluence of interests . 
  i 'll definitely agree with this . 
  just like the your comment about newport news , what you say is part of the truth , not the whole truth though , but the other details are n't really worth getting into a debate about . 
  i just wanted to point out that the situation was a little more complicated than what you said in your original comment . 
  although it looks like you knew that and were just simplifying things a little to make a point . 
  thanks for elaborating . 
   in the us there is a mechanism at work used to distribute the wealth around ... 
  this is true . 
   and that is the military and other government contracts . 
  this is false . 
  taxes accrued at the federal level are the primary mechanism for wealth redistribution , government contracts may in some cases supplement this , but this has more to do with influential congressman than benevolent redistribution ( and pre-existing local industries that can be leveraged for manufactaring ) . 
  there are many reasons for choosing the location to build certain military hardware . 
  lifting up depressed areas is hardly considered for this . 
   for instance , the nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers are built in a very economically depressed area in virginia . 
  newport news ( this is the city in virginia where these naval vessels are constructed ) is far from economically depressed . 
  i have been there countless times , it 's quite affluent actually . 
   the military bases , with the notable exception of california , are placed mainly in poor states . 
  military bases are placed mainly in isolated areas with plenty of open space needed to suit there needs . 
  some isolated areas can be associated with higher levels of poverty , but i personally would n't draw that connection . 
  agreed . 
  should have picked [ this guy ] ( https://media.vocativ.com/photos/2014/02/germany-blackface-problem_022769907694.jpg ) instead . 
  then nato could have wow ` ed the world by showing how culturally sensitive they are . 
  we all know that 's the number one quality we should look for when selecting someone to oversee a military alliance . 
  any reason beyond `` he 's a fellow nordic bro '' ? 
   the questions are random except the first question ( how you address a group of 2 or more people ) . 
  i found this out since i accidentally refreshed midway through it . 
  thanks for clearing that up , i had no idea . 
  other way , a lot of those questions were pretty silly , and not really indicative of regional dialects . 
  for instance , i pronounce `` aunt '' both ways ( i.e. 
  ont or ant ) for no real reason . 
  i just use them interchangeably . 
  the same goes for about half the questions i saw . 
  i did n't think the words/terms/phrases were defined by region at all . 
  most people i know use a variety of terms/phrases to describe the same thing . 
  there is no real pattern to when the words are used , it is simply random . 
  anyway , it was a fun little quiz i guess . 
  but no one should take it very seriously . 
  i think they simply made up phrases for question 19 . 
  i 've never heard of any of those phrases . 
  i just call that `` rain '' . 
   there are zero job opportunities  their parents work all the time why do n't they get a job where their parents are working :d, 
  well that 's one of the most fucked up things i 've read in a while . 
  there 's really not much you can say about the situation beyond that . 
  whoa that 's crazy !, 
  thank god for open borders . 
  it 's definitely a part of the rust belt , but they probably would n't consider themselves part of the north east . 
  they 're at the eastern edge of the midwest , and are in a vaguely defined region of the us . 
  it kind of sits at the boundaries of a few different regions , so different parts of the state have pretty diverse characters to them . 
  anyway , i would n't take my shit talking to heart . 
  i 've been there a number of times and it 's a pretty cool state . 
  i just know a bunch of people from ohio so i like making fun of it . 
  especially their woeful sports teams . 
  they do have farmers . 
  lots of them . 
  but mostly they have once proud cities decaying into rust with notoriously terrible sports teams .
