  how did i do better than you could when you just said `` how minorities are treated '' without ever actually seeing in person how meteorites are treated here ? 
  i mean , i live in the us and live and work and went to school with minorities ? 
  have you ? 
  i wish we treated our minorites like you noble europeans do . 
  gypsies live in squalor , and muslims live in ghettos . 
  while i am nearly certain my comment is hyperbole and not a reflection of the truth , neither is yours . 
  what kind of bubble do you think i live in ? 
  i have family that everywhere from orange county to a cabin in appalachia and a brother that lives in a trailer home in rural texas . 
  i have been to well over half the states and spent time in cities and rural areas . 
  most people i have met are normal typical people that really do n't vilify anyone , but just try to live their lives . 
  so yeah , maybe i have a habit of basic my opinions on real life experiences instead of comments from europeans on reddit . 
  if you have had a difference experience with life here , maybe you just hang out with dicks ? 
  not true . 
  when i see people say that there is some universal view that poor people are scum and that we all worship wealthy people i can not help but call this out as bs . 
  i 'm 28 years old , i have lived in 6 different states and been all around this country . 
  i do not live in any sort of bubble . 
  i have never seen people call poor people scum , and there is an almost universal dislike for extremely wealthy people . 
  his comment seemed to basically be a copy and paste of stereotypes that i have only seen existing on reddit . 
  so no , virtually none of what he said was true ( or only rarely happens , but it is by no means a common occurrence ) . 
  so i am not asking him or anyone else to shut their eyes . 
  in fact i am encouraging them to do the opposite ... i.e. 
  not view this country through the reddit lens . 
   a `` society '' where everyone fights against everyone else lol . 
  what ? 
  are you serious ? 
   where the poor are viewed as the disgusting scum while people who happen to be rich are adored and worshiped . 
  again , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  this is so far from the truth its actually kinda funny . 
   the general population is deluded with religion you mean some people go to church on sunday ? 
   of an `` american dream '' , or nationalism/patriotism . 
  you mean people are proud of their country ? 
  oh my god !, 
  how horrible !, 
   hey are vain , and positive thinkers to the point where they are unable to think critically , i.e. 
  they are confident to the point of self-delusion . 
  they are self-indulgent and fat . 
  and all that hate is hidden under the veil of false friendliness . 
  i am guessing you are trolling me now . 
   the police and judges are corrupt , politics exclusively driven by profit , including wars . 
  there 's a huge class divide between white , wealthy people and black/hispanic scum/criminals . 
  the for-profit prisons where people get raped and have to do slave labour are overflowing and nobody really cares when blacks kill each other . 
  sigh ... you 're just making yourself look like an idiot at this point . 
  virtually everything you said is a fantasy in your own mind . 
  sorry , people do n't hate poor people at all . 
  your view of the us is so off that you have basically invented a country . 
  once again , this is your loss . 
  i chose not to believe all the negative stereotypes about other countries . 
  it seems you rabidly adhere to them so you can live in some false sense of moral superiority . 
  nice try though . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a man neatly dressed in suit burning a flag before . 
  this guy knows what 's up . 
  if you 're going to burn my flag , at least look respectable doing it . 
  yeah there is a ton of silliness that comes from europeans when it comes to the us . 
  they have this idea of what the us is in their minds and do n't care too much about changing it to reflect reality . 
  the way they talk , you 'd think we were all poor and starving , living in cardboard boxes and shooting each other over access to the nearest dumpster . 
  a number of the europeans in this thread are talking about a country that only exists in their minds . 
  whatever ... they can think of the us however they want . 
  the only ones negatively effected by that are themselves . 
  i see you took some creative license with that headline of yours . 
  that asshole ruined everything . 
  there are people in this thread that view that picture as the embodiment of simple minded nationalism . 
  i see that picture and i see something profound ... one greek soldier paying homage to another greek soldier . 
  i see a beautiful continuity that stretches thousands of years of greeks serving their country . 
  it 's incredible and inspiring to think about . 
  if i was greek , this image would make my heart swell with pride . 
  it 's such a simple gesture that it 's almost ... 
  i do n't know ... poetic . 
  that 's really cool . 
  so if you go up to ancient monuments/temples/statues etc. . . , can you read any of the inscriptions at all or is it all impossible to understand ? 
  the big tree conference ? 
  did an italian write that ? 
  from the perspectives i have been given by others , it makes some sense given the history of nationalism in europe ... but i can not say i agree with that mentality at all . 
  oddly , i think lauding your ancestors is positive and healthy for a society ( unless that leads to mass murder of course :d ), 
  upvoted because penises are hilarious . 
  just ahead of the japanese . 
  how disgraceful . 
  we should pixilate our dicks also so no one has to see our tiny little weiners . 
  our shame must be hidden from the world . 
  thanks for expanding on that . 
  i think pride in one 's forebearsers is a good thing . 
  kinda sucks how that has been so misused that pride is now considered toxic . 
  so it goes i guess . 
  thanks !, 
  i think in some cultures , those two things are so similar that they do not bother differentiating them . 
  it 's unfortunate , but understandable . 
  i know that nationalism is considered a bad thing . 
  but i did n't know it went to such extremes that honoring your ancestors was racist . 
  i am just trying to imagine a frenchman ( as an example ) saying `` i 'm proud of my heritage '' , and someone calling them racist for that . 
  why would that be `` racist '' ? 
  i could understand someone thinking it was nationalist , but seeing it as racist just seems weird to me . 
  do you mind translating that to english for me ? 
  i typed it in google translate and got this : `` ec of powder my regenerate '' that is nonsenical gibberish . 
   europeans generally dislike ... respecting ancestors , because that 's seen as racist that is very strange . 
  how did it come to be that respecting your ancestors is racist ? 
  either i am reading your comment incorrectly , or some very bizarre ways of thinking have developed in europe . 
  if that is true , that is nothing short of a tragedy . 
  i think honoring your ancestors carries undertones of nationalism , which seems to have negative associations in parts of europe for historical purposes . 
  but i agree . 
  i see nothing wrong with it . 
  do you differentiate between paying your respect and worshipping ?
