  asked how long the ecb could continue to provide the emergency liquidity assistance ( ela ) that is keeping greece 's banks afloat [ ( see chart ) ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/2015/04/articles/body/20150418_woc872.png ) , he said that was `` entirely in the hands of the greek government '' , which needed to resolve its negotiations with the eu . 
   greece and the eurogroup need to agree on a list of reforms before the europeans will release $ 7.2 billion in bail-out funds to repay greek debts . 
  greece had hoped to reach an agreement before the eurogroup 's april 24th meeting in riga , but other countries say that is no longer realistic . 
  greece has made little progress in detailing the privatisations and pension and labour-market reforms the eu has demanded . 
  the greeks ' persistent failure to provide accurate information about their government 's own financial position -- first warning they might run out of money in february , then march , then april -- has heightened the mistrust , according to people familiar with eu negotiations . 
   in washington , mr varoufakis may repeat the plea to postpone greece 's upcoming payments to the imf ( $ 200m on may 1st and $ 750m on may 12th ) . 
  he is unlikely to receive any support . 
  he has won a meeting with barack obama , but diplomats say the two will only have a quick five-minute chat . 
  yields on greek bonds rose sharply thursday ; the yield on 3-year government bonds soared to near 27 % , the highest level since 2012 . 
  the greek bond wobble was mainly due to the decision of standard & poor 's , the rating agency , to downgrade greece 's long-term bonds from b - to ccc + status . 
  s&p 's decision was partly based on its estimate that the greek economy shrank by 1 % over the last six months : a bruising possibility given that the greek economy only exited a deep , six-year-long recession last year . 
   back in athens , meanwhile , political pressure on syriza is mounting . 
  on wednesday alekos flambouraris , minister for coordinating government operations and mr tsipras 's closest political confidant , hinted in a tv interview that a referendum could be held over whether greece should stay in the euro . 
  this would most likely return a `` yes '' vote , which could give mr tsipras an excuse to push out far-left members of his own party who have been blocking reforms . 
  time is short . 
  sources in the government say that unless the bail-out funds are unlocked it will run out of money at the end of april , and be forced to choose between paying salaries or paying the imf . 
  this time , they say , the deadline is real . 
  if the eu would throw a country out for `` being rude '' and not wearing a tie , then the eu would be quite possibly the biggest joke of a union humanity has ever seen . 
  throwing a country out of a union because you think they were being a bunch of jerks just sounds incredibly childish . 
  oh that 's not too bad . 
  i was assuming you were gon na say something like 28 or something . 
  that would be rough . 
  and as long as your mom is cool , then it does n't seem like you have too much to worry about . 
  just as long as she does n't chastise you for banging random chicks in her house . 
  uh ... how old are you ? 
  this post is such a joke . 
  it 's an enlightened european `` educating '' an ignorant american about russian oppression in response to a picture showing how progressive a nordic country is . 
  it 's the perfect storm of circle jerks . 
  why is this post even here ? 
  are screenshots of internet arguments now worthy of becoming its own post ? 
  different countries progress at different rates . 
  we ca n't expect one country to progress at the exact same time other countries do . 
  ultimately what matters is that progress is being made , even if it is slower than other countries . 
  it 's good to hear latvia is improving though . 
  hopefully in the near future good people like my friend wo n't feel the need to leave , and can be happy at home, 
  sad . 
  a friend of mine here in the us is from latvia . 
  that 's one of the reasons he left . 
  he 's gay and just recently got married a few months . 
  he 's a really cool guy . 
  it sucks that he had to leave his country to live the life he wanted . 
  you 're country is now missing a great person that could have stayed home if it was n't for the laws there . 
  i 'm betting he 's not the only good person to leave for that reason either . 
  latvia as a whole is just a little worse off every time someone leaves . 
  it 's a shame . 
  it does n't have to be that way . 
  i have no idea what i 'm looking at . 
  what exactly does `` space travel '' mean ? 
  that applies to most people . 
  i 'd take a gap year too if it did n't bankrupt me and damage my career . 
  me too !, 
  that 's why i posted it . 
  yes ... kind of . 
  the color ( or for you , colour ) schemes are constantly changing , as are the patterns on the walls . 
  not only that , but there is very bizarre music piped in so it 's basically like walking through a hippy 's mind on a bad acid trip . 
  honestly , it 's a really cool experience . 
  it 's really weird , but weird can be good sometimes . 
  i 've been through the detroit airport at least a dozen times . 
  i 'm not sure why atheistmil did n't like it . 
  it 's actually a really nice airport . 
  i 'm guessing he just did n't like the layout . 
  it 's basically two very long parallel terminals ( and this crazy ass hippy tunnel connects the two tunnels ) so it can kinda be a pain in the ass to get from one gate to another . 
  you do n't like the detroit airport ? 
  i take it you did n't spend hours going back and forth through the [ trippy hippy tunnel ] ( https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3497/4069621178_ab2604c464_o.jpg ) , did you ? 
   the 8th of april is international roma day , widely celebrated in all countries where the world 's 12 million roma live . 
  how widely celebrated is this ? 
  usually no one knows or even gives a damn about these `` international [ insert something random ] day '' i highly doubt people across europe are out on the streets celebrating gypsies right now , unless of course they are celebrating the removal of gypsies from their towns . 
  is this what hipsters in turkey do ? 
  damn !, 
  i had a feeling it was from there since i recognized the style . 
  have n't been to that site in quite a while . 
  it got pretty stale for a bit . 
  anyway , thanks for pointing that out ( and reminding me to check that site out again ) . 
  yeah it 's especially competent for businessesinsider . 
  they do n't usually write articles of this caliber . 
  they probably stole it from the financial times or something . 
  so i have to commit mass murder in the us , get the death penalty , sneak out of the us and into germany , then i 'm good ? 
  that seems too messy and too difficult for me . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i have heard plenty of times about the very generous safety nets that exist in europe . 
  but they do n't seem generous at all . 
  they just seem sensible . 
  i was kinda hoping that the benefits would be lavish . 
  but no . 
  they seem to be just enough to get by . 
  yeah i 'm talking about defrauding my own state  once again , this is just kind of an amusing thought to entertain . 
  i 'm not serious about ripping off any country , especially since i have a well paying job with great benefits . 
  this whole thing started after i was reading something a little bit ago about all the waste in our system from people basically scamming the government . 
  i looked for benefits that applied to people in my situation ( absolutely nothing ) , and so i started to think about what it was like in european countries . 
  what kind of government benefits are available for single , able bodied male with no children , no disabilities , a good education , and no reason not to work . 
  it seems like even the most generous governments out there do n't allocate much money to people like me . 
  damn single mothers are sucking up all the welfare money instead . 
  it 's weird because i always read articles about someone defrauding the government out of benefit/welfare money , but when i search for those types of benefits none of them seem to apply to me . 
  also , i do n't think it would even be worth seeing if i could get a passport through my grandparents . 
  i am of irish and hungarian descent , and i do n't think any of those countries have overly generous benefits . 
  looks like it 's back to work for me . 
  i guess it was worth asking about though . 
  damn ... i would have assumed that european countries would be scrambling to take americans in just for propaganda purposes/trying to make themselves look better than america . 
  it seems my dream of being a barnacle will never come true . 
  european countries seem to be more practical when it comes to benefits than i gave them credit for .
