  in 1973 loriot , west germany 's most incisive humourist , chose it for the title of an anthology of cartoons skewering his country 's bourgeois pretensions . 
  in 1998 it was the title of a novel by walter kempowski , set in 1961 , in which a teacher moves to an idyllic village but discovers that behind every silence and glance lurks a demon of the nazi past . 
   in the immediate post-war years , with holocaust , firebombing , mass rape and the carving up of their nation still recent memories , germans flocked to watch heimat ( `` homeland '' ) films . 
  usually shot in the alps or in heaths and forests , they featured clean , simple tales of love and friendship between pure women and men dressed in regional garb . 
  outside the cinemas , germans revelled in their `` economic miracle '' , as they rebuilt a devastated country into a commercial powerhouse . 
   foreigners were allowed into this heile welt , but not entirely accepted . 
  to man its assembly lines , germany invited workers from southern europe and especially turkey . 
  the millionth arrived in 1964 and got a motorcycle as a gift . 
  by the time the programme ended in 1973 , 4m foreigners lived in west germany . 
  but they were called `` guest workers '' rather than immigrants , on the premise that they would ultimately leave again . 
  unsurprisingly , most stayed . 
  yet mainstream germany continued to see itself as ethnically homogenous -- a heile welt in a tribal sense . 
   as part of heile welt , west germans atoned for their past by becoming good democrats , good europeans and ardent pacifists . 
  but they did so like a teenager who experiments with increasing autonomy , confident that his uncool but protective parents are always standing by . 
  for west germany , dad was america , which held its aegis over the country throughout the cold war . 
  mum was france , which despite its nervous vanity gracefully accepted germany back into the european family . 
   the dystopian flip side of heile welt was never far away . 
  if the cold war had ever turned hot , germany would have been vaporised first . 
  ( `` the shorter the range , the deader the germans , '' missile strategists used to quip . ), 
  west germany even had terrorism . 
  but its terrorists were native white leftists who killed industrial tycoons . 
  ordinary germans never felt threatened . 
   in their private lives germans created micro-idylls . 
  they kept garden plots orderly , guarded by the requisite gnome . 
  east germans seeking refuge from the cynically implausible heile welt offered by communism retreated to `` the niches '' : private book readings among intellectuals , or nude bathing with friends by pristine lakes . 
  east or west , order was paramount . 
  visitors were impressed ( if not intimidated ) by how fastidiously germans separated their white , brown and green glass for recycling . 
   one by one , these facets of heile welt are becoming brittle . 
  russia is aggressive again ; germans fret that , when it comes to it , the ageing american dad may not show up . 
  having cultivated non-violence to the point of pacifism , they now realise that defence of their state and their values may someday require them to fight , kill and die again . 
  the terrorists they now face are not german leftists , but foreigners ready to kill women and children . 
  globalisation no longer just means exporting bmws , but also allowing in muslim refugees , some of them with attitudes on gender and jews that germans find offensive . 
   ** gnomic wisdom **  some germans react by fleeing into ever tinier heile welten . 
  `` we are becoming ever more like our garden gnomes , '' says wolfgang nowak , one of germany 's most astute social observers -- inward-facing rather than open-minded . 
  every monday a movement called pegida , or `` patriotic europeans against the islamisation of the occident '' , marches through dresden . 
  for many in the surrounding area of saxony , these gatherings have become convivial rituals similar to american tailgate barbecues , but to outsiders they appear xenophobic and menacing . 
  even moderate germans are turning against globalisation . 
  many see a free-trade area being negotiated between america and the eu not as an opportunity but as yet another threat to their way of life . 
   above all , the tone of german conversations is changing . 
  language in the era of heile welt was sanitised , with political correctness often taken to ludicrous extremes . 
  now , in the name of `` telling it as it is '' , it is becoming coarser and aggressive . 
  it is not clear what kind of world will replace the wholesome one the germans once dreamed up . 
  but it will be a rougher one . 
  it 's cool . 
  i was just being a pedantic asshole anyway, 
  sounds more like that 's what you wanted to get out of it . 
  whatever floats your boat man . 
  it 's not mandatory for all states . 
  the state i live in now ( illinois ) it is required to have front and back license plates . 
  the state i grew up in ( arizona ) , front plates were not required . 
  in fact , you could have completely different plates in the front . 
  at one time , i had an illinois license plate on the front of my car , and an arizona plate in the back . 
  i also knew a guy from albania that had his old albanian plates on the front of his car , and his actual arizona plate on the back . 
  it 's weird , but these things are decided at the state level , not the national level . 
  i wonder if that is just a continuation from ussr times , when east germany was considered a model soviet-aligned state since it was much more prosperous than other soviet ( or soviet aligned ) states . 
  i remember reading an article about putin 's early life . 
  i 'm sure everyone knows he was stationed in dresden in those years . 
  i actually found the article and there are some interesting parts in it : [ vladimir putin 's formative german years ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-32066222 )  putin 's then wife , ludmila , later recalled that life in the gdr was very different from life in the ussr . 
  `` the streets were clean . 
  they would wash their windows once a week , ''  the putins lived in a special block of flats with kgb and stasi families for neighbours , though ludmila envied the fact that : `` the gdr state security people got higher salaries than our guys , judging from how our german neighbours lived . 
   east germany enjoyed higher living standards than the soviet union and a former kgb colleague , vladimir usoltsev , describes putin spending hours leafing through western mail-order catalogues , to keep up with fashions and trends . 
   he also enjoyed the beer - securing a special weekly supply of the local brew , radeberger - which left him looking rather less trim than he does in the bare-chested sporty images issued by russian presidential pr today . 
  i can only speculate that russians still view germany in this way to some extent , which may explain why they think highly of getting an embassy post in germany . 
  the fact that it is the most powerful country in europe probably also adds prestige . 
  sorry , i should include a trigger warning before all my comments . 
  well to be fair , the entire movie was based on stereotypes . 
  the main characters were stereotypical dumb american tourists . 
  it 's not like it reflected well on americans either . 
  well yes , but it was n't exactly a coincidence that they used the same initials uss . 
  personally , i would be very amused if it was a european space ship that used the sign `` uss '' , considering it means `` united states ship '' . 
   hillary clinton : female internet users have 77 % of the speed male users have . 
  we need to fix the speed gap . 
  sadly , i would n't be surprised if some of her supporters actually believed that . 
  i 've probably seen this movie referenced more than any other movie on this sub ... is this a popular movie in europe or something ? 
  because it was n't all that popular here in the us . 
  damn dude , are you guys even trying ? 
  just another metric we absolutely dominate in, 
  imagine partying with him and rob ford . 
  damn , that would be crazy, 
  if i had to choose , i 'd prefer stagnation to economic collapse , but that 's just my opinion . 
  yes you can actually . 
  i assume you remember a thing called world war 2 where nazi ideology was crushed militarily . 
  in fact , it 's the only certain way to defeat an ideology . 
  an ideology can not perpetuate itself if the people who espouse it are dead . 
  you definitely ca n't defeat ideology with tolerance , that 's for sure, 
  i prefer blaming islam for radical islam . 
  yeah the idea that you can combat islamic terrorism with peace and tolerance is absurd . 
  no one has ever one a war with nice posts on facebook and sending flowers out . 
  this situation demands a much more muscular position , not a more `` tolerant '' one ( whatever that even means ) . 
  huh ... 
  they 're actually some of the smartest analysts out there . 
  you are missing out honestly . 
  it 's the best kind of pizza out there . 
  especially if you add jalapenos to the mix . 
  it 's fucking unbeatable . 
  ok that makes sense . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  do n't have much to add on this except lappeeranta has the coolest [ coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/lappeenranta.vaakuna.svg ) ever . 
  he 's like a bad ass version of our [ jolly green giant ] ( http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.1053518.1333391163!/img/httpimage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_1200/jolly-green-giant.jpg ), 
  i did n't get anything wrong .
