  other developing countries do/have done this to stabilize the value of their currency , but usually move to a floating currency at a certain point . 
  china is well beyond this point . 
  when a country does this , it will almost never be more expensive to import from that country . 
  if the us dollar falls , it should make imports costlier . 
  well , not when china 's yuan falls with you . 
  it stays the same price . 
  this should n't happen . 
  in addition , us products will always stay expensive in those countries . 
  when a country pegs their currency to the dollar , it will never be more affordable to import a us product , it will always be expensive . 
  this is why people in the us want to call china a currency manipulator . 
  usually this sort of practice is n't too big of a deal . 
  smaller , developing countries do this . 
  but when this is occurring between the us and china , trillions of dollars are at stake . 
  as a native american might say ... that 's a lotta wampum . 
  that 's exactly how oregon looks from space too . 
  i spent a month there and only saw the sun once ... for about five minutes in between the rare break in clouds . 
  fuck that shit . 
  it is impressive that there are over 100,000 animal fuckers in germany . 
  so much so that there is a animal fuckers rights group . 
  however , this law does seem a little extreme . 
  not all animals are the same , and not all animals would be traumatized by being fucked . 
  i mean , snakes are pretty much asking for it . 
  germans would be a lot less evil if they stopped fucking animals . 
  i think he 's an angry animal fucker . 
  that 's all i understood from that comment ... fight the power . 
  the first sentence i read on that page was `` this articles factual accuracy is disputed '' . 
  i still read it , but i found that amusing . 
  you are correct . 
  i am not sure if you continued reading the discourse betwixt myself and that other guy , but you can see that i reached a similar conclusion . 
  this stemmed from a particular sentence saying that the us has the worst ghettos in the world ( or some of the worst ) . 
  when i see that sentence , i think two things : 1 ) you are exagerrating 2 ) we do not share the same definition of ` ghetto ' the word ghetto can have different meanings . 
  when i use the word ` ghetto ' , it is used to describe a low income , high crime neighborhood . 
  a jew in warsaw in 1940 might have a different definition of ` ghetto ' . 
  the link above even describes these differences . 
  therefore , comparing detroit to gaza is disingenuous . 
  does ` ghetto ' simply mean a bad place to be ? 
  once again , when someone says the us has the worst ghettos in the world , i assume we may not be sharing the meaning . 
  moving forward , my favorite way to diffentiate between the different meanings , is to take a more universal approach . 
  what are you more likely to die from in these areas : a gun shot wound ? 
  or a disease contracted from a mosquito ? 
  well then good day sir , i have wasted your time . 
  here is the difference : filth , squalor , child beggars , garbage and rot in the streets , and massively over crowded vs. run down shittiness , crack heads on the streets and groups of thugs hanging out looking for trouble . 
  i guess when i put it in writing , they are both shitty , and there really is point no in comparing one version of shit versus the other . 
  do you think there would be an entry in the list that said : `` jews : 30 billion euros '', 
  why would one of the wealthiest family 's in greece bankroll a library for harvard . 
  as far as i know , harvard has never been hard up for cash , and has always had a library . 
  i guess enhancing the prestige of your family name is all important . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but what you are describing sounds more like soviet socialism/communism who 's primary intent was to dominate the population , as opposed to western european socialism who 's primary intent is to provide a safety net and basic guarantees about the quality of life of the population . 
  i do n't see these two forms converging . 
  i guess it 's the difference between a dictatorship cloaked in socialism , and a democracy augmented with socialism . 
  it also depends on what you mean by ghetto . 
  if you mean in general a low income , run down area , than the run down areas of america can not be compared to the crime against humanity that is a slum in india or mexico . 
  if by ghetto you mean place that has a very high probability of you getting shot/robbed/stabbed for being white , well then yes , the us has those in abundance . 
  `` some of the worst ghettos in the world '' exagerate much ? 
  go to mumbai and compare it to detroit ( one of the worst ` ghettos ' in america ) . 
  i have been to both . 
  anyone who would say that a third world slum is comparable to a us ghetto has experienced neither ... and it 's obvious . 
  i do n't know if you know the answer to this question , but what percentage of german exports are exported outside of the eurozone ? 
  and how does this compare to other countries using the euro ? 
  as an american , we are used to seeing german products on our streets , but i doubt anyone could name more than a few products from other european countries . 
  and these would be lower value items such as food/clothing . 
  i also know that germany is busy finding customers all over the world . 
  name a developing country , and i am sure siemens is trying to get a foothold into those manufacturing markets . 
  i am just wondering if other countries in the eurozone are having trouble selling their products within the continent , what is preventing them from finding markets elsewhere ? 
  or are they doing this and i am just not noticing ? 
  well mr. greeny , i happen to enjoy my flammable drinking water , it makes me feel like i 'm living life on the edge . 
  when i am drinking my fire water , i like to pretend that electric guitars are wailing softly in the background . 
  you should try it . 
  besides the murky reputation of fracking , there are other considerations that make fracking more difficult in europe than in the u.s. 
  most of the drilling occuring in america are in states that have a surplus of land , like texas and north dakota . 
  taking n. dakota as an example , where the population density is 3.83 / sq. 
  km , fracking is a lot easier pull off than say poland ( which this article refers to ) which has a pop . 
  density of 120/sq . 
  km , or france with a pop . 
  density of 116 / sq. 
  it 's a lot easier to convince a population to let you drill when the process is occuring in the middle of nowhere , as opposed to right next door . 
  maybe your posts are so nice reddit had to post them twice !, 
  a western country plotting the overthrow of an arab dictator ? 
  i 've seen this movie before , it does n't end well . 
  holy shit !, 
  that looks like you let a cat walk around on your keyboard for a while , then you hit `` save '' . 
  come on now , there was a picture . 
  what more are you asking for ? 
  a downvote for this article attempting to predict the future fifty years from now . 
  when someone can accurately predict what next month will bring , i 'll start listening . 
  i seriously have to take the biggest shit right now . 
  you bring up a lot of good points , but i do not believe ( or do not want to believe ) that it all comes down to purchasing a product with my vote that has been advertised and sold to me by speech writers playing the part of some marketing team . 
  obviously the candidates are being cast in a light that the campaign managers , party strategists , and speech writers believe would appeal to both the base of the party and enough of the masses to win an election , but the importance of these entities i believe is overstated . 
  if that were entirely true , then the candidate would not matter at all , they would simply be a body in a suit acting out a script . 
  i feel the candidates have more say in what the message of a speech should convey , that there must be feedback between the speech giver , and the speech writer . 
  otherwise situations could arise where the speech does not reflect the speakers views , so it would therefore be corrected . 
  as for last minute interviews , did you not watch monday night football 's half time show ? 
  i agree with you on some of those points . 
  it felt like the second debate was a live action reenactment of their respective campaign commercials , with the exception candidates where able to `` hit pause '' and say `` i call bullshit , and here is why '' . 
  i guess that 's the best we were gon na get . 
  no , romeny did not give any interviews ( that i know of ) . 
  but why would he ? 
  what was left to say after over a year of campaining ( besides the tax loopholes he was going to close , and how that would effect the economy and the deficit ) ? 
  i can see that . 
  i admittedly was in front of my tv waiting for every announcement for about four hours last night waiting to see which `` team '' was winning .
