  that 's all you really need to know about ohio ( and some minor details like 8 presidents are from ohio . 
  plus a bunch of atronauts like john glenn and neil armstrong are also from there . 
  and they have some good universities . 
  but that 's the good stuff , i would rather focus on the shit ) . 
  for some reason , if a war breaks out , i do not think nuclear weapons will be used . 
  i think russia will capture the baltics , at least eastern ukraine , and perhaps push south through the caucusus to establish a buffer between russia and nato member turkey . 
  i think they can do most of this with conventional weapons , and no sides will be willing to use nuclear weapons . 
  the baltics would be incredibly easy to capture , and incredibly difficult to take back . 
  i feel if russia acts quickly enough , and decisively enough on multiple fronts , they could capture at least some of their objectives . 
  since those countries would be difficult to take back , and would n't be worth much if they were taken back , we would be forced to recognize russia 's new sphere of influence . 
   if they 're willing to stick their necks out for closer ties with us , we should be willing to return the favor . 
  this is a really difficult situation to reconcile . 
  on the one hand , i completely agree with you . 
  on the other , reality might force us to react differently . 
  we may just try a feeble attempt to take the baltics back so we can say `` look , we tried '' . 
  i just hope it does n't come to this . 
  i do n't think this is that radical of an opinion . 
  i 'm no putin fanboy , or russian apologist , but i definitely think that the latvia , lithuania , and estonia should not have been accepted into nato . 
  and not for reasons like it angers russia , but simple geographic ones . 
  their location in europe makes them entirely indefensible . 
  they are surrounded by all sides . 
  kaliningrad to the west , russia to the east , and the baltic sea effectively traps them in . 
  belarus prevents any retreat south . 
  all russia would need to do is position its fleet off their shores , and link kaliningrad to russia and they are doomed . 
  nothing can help them . 
  that is my reason for not letting them in . 
  it 's too risky , there is little to be gained from their presence , and their positions are impossible to defend . 
  it 's not an immoral stance to have , it is a cold blooded realistic stance . 
  damn !, 
  i completely forgot about that . 
  and how could i ? 
  i have spent * way * to many may 5th 's getting drunk off tequila as local mexicans stare confusingly at all the wasted white people wondering `` do they even know what they 're celebrating ? '', 
  what 's with the france-mexico empire thing ? 
   but again , who will replace putin ? 
  what about lavrov ? 
  and by 2030 , a death star !, 
  well of course it will take time for russia to develop the capabilities mentioned in the article . 
  nevertheless , my point still stands that russia 's military now is not the russian military of 1995 . 
  as for your comment about force projection , well that may be true for many nations , but russia is by and large landlocked with few viable ports . 
  it is by nature difficult for russia to project force via the sea . 
  it can make that up by projecting force via land and air though . 
  that is a more viable option for them , especially in the central asian region , which is largely free from force projection by sea since it too is largely landlocked . 
  for russia , it fortunately does n't need to worry about the us navy in the - stan regions since this is one of the places the navy can not reach . 
  here , land projection is paramount , and russia has an edge there . 
  as far as i know , ohio 's ego is limited to ohio state alumni . 
  to everyone else , it is a [ factory of sadness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trbdmmvctu8 ) . 
   too busy eating hamburgers , invading third world countries and jerking off to the star spangled banner to learn about geography eh ?!, 
  the only geography i need to know is where the good ol' us of a is . 
  even if i was n't munching hot dogs and jerking it to patriotic music , i still would n't give a shit . 
   sverige is the euphoric atheist neutral land where moose and polar bears roam the streets , every girl is a heavenly beautiful blonde and every guy is so effeminate that he 's probably more attractive than your girls . 
  huh , you 're country sounds like it has a serious lack of westboro baptist church , i 'll pass on ever visiting your dump of a country . 
  that 's probably why your country is being over run with the scum of the earth . 
  find jesus my friend , and you 'll probably find your keyboard . 
  and kick the god damn gypsies out !, 
  so he 's from the gayest country in europe , right ? 
  you 're one of the lucky ones . 
  i feel bad for the rest of the poor bastards here though . 
  you 're lucky these europeans probably know nothing about your miserable state ( and there is a reason why they do n't ) , otherwise they 'd ridicule you for that too . 
  indeed . 
  although i have to admit this has been one of the funniest threads i 've seen on this sub . 
  everyone 's just making fun of each other ( and themselves ) . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  and if i knew what the hell sverige was , i 'd be making fun of you too . 
  yeah . 
  you tell those bastards !, 
  not a bad idea . 
  too many people think russia 's military is in the decrepit state it was in the nineties . 
  that is far from the truth . 
  [ russia 's military is back ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/commentary/russias-military-back-9181 ) . 
  honestly , this should surprise no one , as if the ruskies would n't have invested their vast wealth from their natural resources into building up their capabilities to secure their own interests . 
  too many countries have looked down on military spending as if conflicts were a thing of the past . 
  did people really think that the cycles of history ended the day they were born ? 
  the recent events in ukraine seemed to have exposed the flaws in this naive way of thinking , and various european countries were obviously caught off guard . 
  maybe this will wake people up from their delusional sleep . 
  if this does n't , i 'm not sure what will . 
  do n't be so modest . 
  you 're a fine american prophet , and that 's nothing to be ashamed about . 
  hey man , i was trying to make a trifling , insignificant point . 
  plus , it was more like 85 % percent . 
  i 'm fightin ' for every percent i can get here . 
   the americans should feel bad for eradicating all the native indians . 
  i know i am completely derailing the general point of your comment for a useless semantic point , but they 're not * all * gone . 
  i grew up next to a bunch of 'em !, 
  my mom 's backyard borders indian territory ( i.e. 
  a reservation ) . 
  but anyway , sorry for the distraction . 
  carry on . 
  thanks . 
  this is just a little bizarre for me since gypsies are almost unheard of in my country . 
  hell , before i started coming to reddit frequently like a year and a half ago , i did n't even know gypsies really existed . 
  really ? 
  are gypsy kings in the news a lot or do actually see gypsies like this in your day-to-day life ? 
  well , in response to a part of your earlier comment ( `` what could have been ... '' ) , it seems like you are well placed to witness a unique part of your region 's history where you catch up your nordic neighbors , and will have the perspective to know how life was like before . 
  you may have not have been born at a time when your nation was as prosperous as the nordic nations were , but your children might . 
  that 's got ta count for something . 
  not a lot of people get to see such remarkable transformation in their lifetime . 
  i see . 
  sorry , just read your comment wrong . 
  well libya is in africa , so yes . 
  [ many ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ) european countries were involved .
