  that 's actually an honor to have an std named after your country/people . 
  i feel like a french guy can make one of those maps that say `` countries with std 's named after them '' and only have france colored in . 
  france 1 rest of the world 0, 
  hungary had some good ones : reigned by : does n't matter bad habits : traitor and then there is turkey : bad habits : even more treachorous, 
  they may not have a choice in the matter . 
  but what i do i know , i 'm just playing arm chair general like everyone else . 
  me too , even though i 'm not gay the fascist part has the element of danger to it . 
  it 's got that mysterious bad boy thing going on . 
  euro-hetero fascists is just soooo 1940 's . 
  i agree . 
  it would benefit everyone if european militaries reinforced their own borders . 
  i can tell you one thing , it would certainly make americans more willing to provide help . 
  it just does n't sit well helping people who do n't seem keen on helping themselves . 
  it 's just a little bizarre from the outside of europe looking in . 
  because after all , it 's european countries that are at stake , not america . 
  so why would n't they be more proactive with their militaries ? 
  also , europe has hundreds of millions of more people than the us , so that also makes us scratch our heads and wonder why they ca n't have larger a military . 
  europe is the wealthiest continent in the world , with one of the largest populations in the world ( if you consider it a singular political unit which it is not ) . 
  so it should not be so difficult coming up with the troop numbers required to defend europe on its own . 
  i agree that russia would not , and could not take on the entirety of nato and fight a war across europe . 
  but what if they stopped at the baltics , and immediately started pumping it with reinforcements ? 
  who knows . 
  we might just surrender them and offer only topical assistance . 
  i dunno , but i caution against the assumption that nato would just absolutely roll over russia 's military . 
  underestimating russian resolve usually does not end well . 
   you 're hugely paranoid i never said i anticipate this happening . 
  i just said if it did happen , the situation would n't be good for the baltics . 
  russia is n't invading anyone anytime soon . 
  that being said , if they do , certain countries are in a very vulnerable geographic position that makes defending them very difficult . 
  i think everyone can agree with that . 
  ( and i 'm also assuming the nukes do n't come out either , that kinda changes everything ) . 
  most of us want that , but it is obviously pure fantasy to imagine that ever happening . 
  we ca n't just walk away from the world like a kid skulking home from a playground because he does n't wan na play anymore . 
  but a man can still dream ... 
  they are not in a strong position at all . 
  they are in fact completely helpless . 
  [ if russia started a war in the baltics , nato would lose -- quickly ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/02/03/if-russia-started-a-war-in-the-baltics-nato-would-lose-quickly/ )  if russian tanks and troops rolled into the baltics tomorrow , outgunned and outnumbered nato forces would be overrun in under three days . 
  that 's the sobering conclusion of war games carried out by a think tank with american military officers and civilian officials . 
   `` the games ' findings are unambiguous : as currently postured , nato can not successfully defend the territory of its most exposed members , '' said a report by the rand corp. , which led the war gaming research . 
   in numerous tabletop war games played over several months between 2014-2015 , russian forces were knocking on the doors of the estonian capital of tallinn or the latvian capital of riga within 36 to 60 hours . 
  u.s. and baltic troops -- and american airpower -- proved unable to halt the advance of mechanized russian units and suffered heavy casualties , the report said . 
  those countries would be seized and occupied within days , and any attempt to reinforce them would be cut off via the baltic sea and kaliningrad-belarus . 
  the safety of the baltics rests purely on a bluff . 
  if that bluff is called , the baltics are gone . 
  tell me more about these eurogay-fascists . 
  should i be concerned ? 
  or strangely aroused ? 
   '' `` the issue of the other countries paying their full share is not an outlier view at all , '' he said . 
   democratic sen. chris murphy of connecticut said that reasonable people can disagree about the contributions of nato members , but trump 's open speculation that the alliance may be worth leaving is far outside the mainstream . 
  so basically everyone is pissed , but none one actually wants to dissolve nato . 
  i guess that 's a good thing ? 
  or country has obligations to defend other nato countries and will do . 
  that 's why we are not consulted on matters related to foreign policy . 
  but that does n't mean the populace will be thrilled to go war with russia . 
  if it were up to me , baltic nations should never have been allowed into nato . 
  but fortunately for you , that decision was n't up to me . 
  oh , i did n't realize it was difficult getting visas to europe . 
  the only places i needed a visa for was india ( which my company took care of all the details ) and australia ( which i did on some australian website and it took about 15 minutes to fill out , and $ 15 as cost ) i figured getting a visa to a european country would be about as difficult as getting a visa to australia . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  i normally do n't put too much weight into comments i see attached to articles , but some of these are particularly disturbing :  i believe in peaceful society . 
  but if anyone try to disrupt society by passing blasphemous remarks should be punished . 
   live & let live but respect every religions / sections . 
  i will do the same if someone insult my prophet because it is my belief and no one has right to mess me up regarding my belief . 
   blasphamy of our holy prophet is not acceptable and should be appropriatley punished by law . 
  which `` law '' is he talking about ? 
  does scotland have blaspheme laws ? 
  did n't think so . 
  that being said , most of the comments were n't like that , but it 's still disturbing to see them at all . 
  hitler all the way . 
  at least i know where he stands , and most importantly his hair was real . 
  your comment makes the assumption that support for war with russia is possible because support for the iraq war was achieved . 
  russia and iraq are two totally different beasts though . 
  in addition , the public mood is dramatically different post 9/11 than it is now . 
  we ca n't muster support for troops in the ground in syria . 
  i doubt we could muster support for war with russia , a vast and powerful nation unlike any we 've gone to war with before . 
  but we do n't exactly want to go `` all murica '' on russia . 
  we prefer doing that to smaller countries . 
  we also do n't exactly hate russians here , so getting us onboard to fight a war with a massive country over small baltic countries will be a tough sell . 
  but you 're right , the government wo n't ask us . 
  we do n't really have a choice . 
  if we did , i think you would learn quite rapidly that we are n't exactly thrilled with the prospect of going to war over the baltic states . 
   but definitely not as clueless and condescending of the rest of the world clearly , you have no idea what it 's like being a non-european talking to a european . 
  here is a hint , almost everyone is clueless as to how things actually work outside their borders . 
  and being condescending is a natural trait of virtually every western country . 
  what exactly is strategic about that location ? 
  the roki tunnel ? 
  it would n't completely eliminate tourism . 
  it might reduce it marginally . 
  if people are already willing to shell out a few grand for plane tickets and hotels , what 's an extra $ 50 for paper work ? 
  it 's an inconvenience obviously , but inconveniences are not insurmountable obstacles . 
   results of the dutch referendum on the eu-ukraine association agreement indicate europeans ' opinion of the ukrainian political system that does n't sound like he 's gloating as much as stating an objective fact, 
   osbourne leaves scant room for doubt . 
  why do you that ? 
  he did n't admit to anything . 
  he just kept deflecting the questions to talk about kick ass tax reform that was passed . 
  unless you consider redirecting questions as erasing all doubt of guilt . 
  so they are effectively acknowledging that crimea is russian now ? 
  that 's essentially how i interpret this . 
  i 'm surprised no one has commented on this yet as this should be a bigger story . 
  surely , this will increase divisions between european nations if sanctions are lifted so quickly .
