  the us has far more room for error when engaging with russia than germany does . 
  germany has already been occupied by russia for decades , and probably has no intention of repeating that . 
  the us can take tough postures because it isolated by vast oceans . 
  germany 's margin for error is much smaller than america 's , thus a more cautious approach is natural . 
  add things like energy dependence and much stronger commercial ties between germany and russia , than the us has with russia , and it is no surprise that germany has no desire to rock the boat when it comes to its relations with russia . 
  does n't that still apply to many countries though ? 
  i would n't think that is unique to the dutch . 
  ha ha . 
  is that a joke ? 
  zero credit ? 
  without the soviets killing millions of german troops , victory by the u.s. and the uk would have been impossible . 
  you 've completely lost me . 
  i 'm not interested in this useless conversation anymore . 
   there 's reasons we have international arrest warrants filed for a lot of us citizens , top to bottom brass . 
  source ? 
   if you ca n't decide either way , just bloody extradite those fuckers . 
  how do you do this in places where the government has no power ? 
  how do you `` just bloody extradite '' someone who is in the middle of the fucking desert in a compound surrounded by an armed militia ? 
  am i conversing with a 15 year old ? 
  is it just me , or do all girls look hot as hell [ posing with a vacuum cleaner ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/05/08/12/2874c2d200000578-3073478-image-a-14_1431084032832.jpg ) ? 
  elaborate . 
  is the us drone striking the rest of the world ? 
  i really do n't know what you 're talking about any more . 
  it 's been over 20 minutes now . 
  what 's your status ? 
  so you have no viable alternative then ? 
  i 'm not really criticizing you , because after all , i 'm just a random guy like you and i have no solutions to these difficult problems . 
  but you seem highly critical of this approach being taken in lawless parts of the world to exterminate terrorists when you have no alternate approach to suggest . 
   of course , unlike the us administration we care about doing the right thing really ? 
  and what is that ? 
  doing nothing and allowing them to operate freely ? 
  tell that to the families of the dead innocents that your countries care about doing the right thing , and while your at it , spare me the useless platitudes . 
  so what is your solution then ? 
  how do you propose actually bringing these men to trial ? 
  the only options are a ) abducting them from whatever lawless patch of land they are in or b ) doing nothing . 
  you can not simply extradite these guys through typical law enforcement channels when the entire concept of government does not exist in those parts of the world . 
  i am serious . 
  what would your alternative approach be ? 
  how 's life in opposite land ? 
  would n't allowing terrorists continues to murder people be letting them win ? 
  thank god you 're not in charge of foreign policy . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  that 's what war is you know . 
  and how do you propose bringing these people to trial ? 
  would you like to volunteer your citizens to go and extract these people from the vast , lawless tracts of land in yemen , somalia , and pakistan ? 
  you know drones operate in spaces where the government writ does not extend ( hence why drones are used in the first place ) , therefore these people operate in places where justice and law are non-existent . 
  medication is not provided by the state ? 
  is it even subsidized ? 
  true . 
  it 's just hard for me to see those numbers and think they are generous , especially knowing that the people receiving the money are elderly and ca n't really get other sources of income . 
  also , sounds like i need to plan a trip to poland if it is that much cheaper than the us . 
  i feel like i could live like a saudi prince there if i just brought a few hundred dollars to spend in a week . 
  to be fair , neither of those amounts seem like enough money to get by on . 
  unless everything is insanely cheap in greece and poland , those numbers do not seem generous at all . 
  thanks for coming through with the link . 
  link to original picture ? 
  well consider me mildly upset . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  are you trying to impress me ? 
  bitch please . 
  we have [ these ] ( http://www.isoaker.com/armoury/analysis/1993/ss300_images/is_supersoaker_ss300_01.jpg ) . 
  case closed . 
  if i could downvote your [ second comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1x9mid/germany_blasts_swearing_us_diplomat/cf9calh ) there i would . 
  it looks like you totally butchered teddy roosevelt 's [ `` man in the arena '' ] ( http://www.theodore-roosevelt.com/trsorbonnespeech.html ) speech . 
  that is unforgivable . 
  do n't complain . 
  just return fire . 
  it 's more fun that way . 
  check this out : fuck you europe , you fucking suck !, 
  see ? 
  now you try . 
  america . 
  that will be known forever as the apex of european accomplishments . 
  everything before , and everything after was just unnecessary details . 
  there 's no way your brooms are better than our guns . 
   yet we are not on the edge of bankruptcy . 
  far from it , to be precise . 
  how does that `` remind me '' bot work ? 
  i 'd like to check back with you in six months and see if you still feel this way . 
   i just want to waltz in to local bubba 's gun store , get myself a rugger 10/22 , 500 rounds of .22 lr and spend the entire day drinking beer and shooting cans in the woods . 
  heaven . 
  hardly possible here . 
  me too !, 
  but i ca n't do that in my state ( illinois ) because they make you apply for a license to carry a gun and do stupid background checks . 
  but back in my home state in arizona , it was really as easy as pointing at a gun on the wall and saying `` that one please '' . 
  as for the nature ... yeah , it 's pretty incredible . 
  a lot of people outside the us wonder why we love our country so much . 
  hint : we are n't referring to our government when we say we love our country . 
  it 's the land and the people . 
  and the land is fucking awesome ( the people could use a little work though :d ), 
  i never said we were n't stupid and/or arrogant . 
  of course we are !, 
  the apple does n't fall from the tree afterall . 
  hey !, 
  stay focused . 
  this thread is about pissing off europeans , not americans . 
  now , what were you saying about how arrogant and stupid every european was : b, 
  the truth hurts , and that 's why it pisses europoors off :d, 
  europeans are secretly jealous of america . 
  so when europeans mismanage their monetary union to the point where it is jettisoning member states like refuse , the subsequent aftershocks will be blamed on anglo-saxons ?
