  think about that ... he has banned more than 5 times more users than the next mod . 
  that 's way different that being `` active '' . 
  that 's the definition of a power trip / . 
  the horror . 
  do you seriously have to be this childish ? 
   migrants themselves have also undermined the rules . 
  ms. agby , the 19-year-old lampedusa shipwreck survivor who made it to sweden , said she had been so desperate to avoid being forced to stay in italy that she had burned a plastic bag and rubbed her fingers in the molten goo to make her fingerprints unreadable . 
   only one survivor of the october crossing , a young man who asked to be identified only by his first name , tadese , got stuck in italy , where his fingerprints were taken after he was hospitalized because of his injuries . 
  crazy . 
  that 's the first i have heard of people burning their fingertips so they ca n't be finger printed . 
  that 's some serious desperation right there . 
   `` i know what i went through , but they wo n't listen , '' he said at the housing complex packed with migrants where he shares an apartment with two others who left africa . 
  `` i did n't listen , either , when people warned me about the dangers . ''  would-be migrants , mr. haile said , do not want to know about the perils of his journey , but instead about his secondhand car , the government allowances he receives and his plans to find work as a welder once he finishes a two-year language course . 
   there is no point in telling them not to come , he said . 
  that 's also pretty fucked up , but not really surprising . 
  is n't there a way european countries could get this information out there more forcefully ? 
  it would n't stop the flood , but it might slow it down somewhat . 
  that is n't a very nice thing to say to the people hosting you . 
  i was thinking the exact same thing ... 
  this is news to me . 
  serbs are like super slavs . 
  for some reason , they punch above their weight in sports and i have no idea why . 
  i do n't think they 'll ever be the best in the world in sports like basketball . 
  but serbia is damn good for how small of a country it is . 
  not enough black people, 
  i thought reddit found fat people the funniest thing in the world . 
  have n't seen a whole lot of rape jokes honestly . 
  we did n't start anything in syria ... how would we stop it ? 
  and why * should * we stop it even if we could ? 
  would n't that be considered meddling in their affairs , something we constantly criticize ? 
   now the refugees have decided , en masse , that if the international community wo n't help them , if neither russia nor the united states is going to force the war to an end , they wo n't wait any longer . 
  they are coming our way . 
  what ? 
  we can force the war to end ? 
  this guy should tell obama it 's that easy . 
  that 's a nice motto , but catalonia is n't exactly an occupied nation . 
  `` freedom '' does n't really seem to apply here . 
   that 's a very ` us vs. them ' attitude - just because someone was born within 100km of you , they should have priority treatment ? 
  yes , of course they should get priority treatment . 
  it 's bizarre this even needs to be explained to you . 
  a country is tasked with providing for its own people , not people from the other side of the world . 
  you 're right on the money with your comments . 
  the progressive left has replaced the high priests of yesteryear as the unimpeachable , self elected moral authority . 
  to speak against them is heresy ( i.e. 
  racist/bigoted ) , and the left silences and shames anyone who defies them in the same way the religious authorities did over the past centuries . 
  it 's rather amusing that left seems completely oblivious to this , and yet still passes itself off as being morally superior some how . 
  agreed . 
  i just hope that this brings attention to the millions of americans who seem to think illegal immigration is n't an issue . 
  i live in illinois now but spent the first 25 years of my life living in arizona . 
  people here ca n't even conceptualize the scale of illegal immigration into the us . 
  they have n't seen any impact . 
  so they think it is either a non issue , or non existent . 
  meanwhile , borders states are forced to fend for themselves . 
   if the us had this mass movement into our borders , i can see us putting people in holding areas or even straight sending them back home ... i just hate our media most of the time . 
  we do have mass movement across our borders . 
  our media ignores it completely though :  over the past year alone ( second quarter of 2014 through second quarter of 2015 ) , the immigration population has grown by 1.7 million . 
  seventy-one percent of this growth has come from latin america ( 1.2 million ) and 44 % ( 740,000 ) from mexico alone . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2015/08/new-report-massive-immigration-surge-from-mexico ) that is over 4500 that come to our country everyday illegally . 
  we just shrug our shoulders and do exactly what the europeans do ... call anyone a racist who dares to speak out about this . 
  i spent most of my life living in arizona . 
  do you know how infuriating it is to have to deal with this on your own and then have bullshit coffee shop liberals call our state racist in huffington post blogs ? 
  this has been going on for decades here . 
  you 're just being a sensationalist, 
  ummmm ... did n't yugoslavia kinda destroy itself ? 
  are they trying to destroy any sympathy people have for them ? 
  because that is the only thing they have accomplished . 
  these people delusional if they think acting like this will ingratiate themselves with anyone . 
   also `` maidan '' , bombing iraq ( you know why , nuclear weapons and stuff ) , lybia , yugoslavia , kosovo ... and so on i love how you just edited your comment and added this last sentence to it . 
  i 'm not even sure what this is supposed to mean ... europe and the us caused `` yugoslavia '' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  so europe and the usa are wizards now , and no one anywhere in the world is capable of demonstrating against their own government without being ordered to by the west ... i see . 
  can you please give the phone number of your drug dealer ? 
  it looks like he 's got some great stuff and i need to fry my mind after reading your comments . 
  yeah , you did n't use to comment nearly as much back then :d sorry , i had to take that shot . 
  it 's the confluence of both . 
  exports to eu countries already slid months/years ago . 
  germany has been relying on exports to other parts of the world . 
  now that market is loosing steam . 
  so yes , part of it is due to austerity to eu countries . 
  the other part is due to emerging economies slowing down . 
  so it 's both . 
  europe and the usa caused the arab spring which led to turmoil in syria ? 
  we ordered assad to start murdering his own civilians ? 
  where do you get your news from ? 
  because it seems radically different then every source i have read . 
  they do n't have to be farmers . 
  you could move to a small city and open up a restaurant , laundromat , convenience store , drive a taxi , work construction , or work in a factory . 
  there 's countless jobs you can get outside of the biggest cities in the country . 
  it 's not like the only options are living in a giant city or planting potatoes . 
  i live in a city of 100,000 people and there are thousands of migrants here . 
  so they want to go to germany , but write their message in english ? 
  is n't that like doing sign language in front of a blind person . 
  that 's really weird . 
  it looks like the images in this homework that was posted were too conservative , yet `` parent # 1 '' and `` parent # 2 '' is obviously way too liberal . 
  it sounds like lithuania 's school ca n't decide if they if they should be right wing or left wing . 
  are they confused or something ? 
  but damn , `` parent # 1 '' and `` parent # 2 '' is some of the most idiotic shit i have ever heard of . 
  sure . 
  that 's fine . 
  but there is no reason for first grader 's homework assignment to make national or even international news ( unless it is something completely egregious ) .
