   i fear if the army is sent there will be a lot of protests saying it 's racist , and poor migrants , i want to meet the idiots who say this . 
  what could their motive be for pulling the race card be when it comes to illegal immigrants ? 
  what is their end goal , and why do they want to prevent their own country from enforcing its own rules ? 
   ie to reprioritize police towards protection of illegal immigrants . 
  that is precisely the opposite of what the police are mandated to do . 
  the sole job of the police is to uphold the law . 
  protecting illegal immigrants is a violation of the law they are sworn to uphold . 
  that is insane ( if true ) . 
  so why is there talk of him breaking this relationship with putin ? 
  if he broke this relationship , where would that leave him ? 
  i would assume this would immediately make all of chechnya a target for the russian army . 
   we 're busy dismantling our first , second , third , and fourth amendment liberties in the us what ? 
  please tell me how the 1st amendment has been dismantled . 
  or the second ( it has if anything been expanded in recent years ) . 
  and the 3rd amendment says this :  the third amendment ( amendment iii ) to the united states constitution places restrictions on the quartering of soldiers in private homes without the owner 's consent , forbidding the practice in peacetime . 
  the amendment is a response to quartering acts passed by the british parliament during the build up to the american revolutionary war , which had allowed the british army to lodge soldiers in private residences . 
  the entire amendment is basically an artifact of the revolutionary war . 
  have n't heard of anyone being asked to quarter soldiers in their homes . 
  your username would more fitting if it said `` sensationalistmonger '' . 
  i thought him and putin were like best friends ? 
  or is their relationship purely one of convenience ? 
  they had three years to take those courses , and they could n't find a few weeks that required about 15 hours per week of studying , and 30-40 % could n't manage . 
  that 's not a lot to ask . 
   the poor language school results come mere months after an analysis from the confederation of danish employers ( dansk arbejdsgiverforening ) showed that three out of four refugees who came to denmark in the early 2000s were jobless a decade later . 
  the head of the organization said that the danish government has `` truly failed '' in its efforts to get refugees working . 
  whatever they 're doing ( immigrants and the government both ) they 're doing it wrong . 
  terribly wrong . 
  not sure why i clicked that link . 
  i now have a 77 page report about immigrant crime on my phone that 's written in swedish ... 
  i will never have a use for that, 
   the number of suspected immigrants in these cases is about three times higher than of the suspected natives in relation to the population . 
   there is no unambiguous answer to why this is the case and * is yet to be researched . 
  * is there a reason why this has n't been researched ? 
  are there political reasons , or simple practical reasons like immigrants just have n't been around long enough in finland to warrant research in this area ? 
  oh i did not know that , i thought it was only for eu members . 
  could it be possible though that if capitol controls are placed on greek banks to prevent money from fleeing , that border controls could be placed on greek people to prevent large scale emigration ? 
  maybe this is venturing too far into speculation territory ... 
  i guess anything is really possible . 
  it 's harder to make it to america via rickety boat . 
  so they get to stay in europe !, 
  it 's your lucky day !, 
  this is such a difficult issue . 
  europe can not accept every refugee from every corner of the globe , but you ca n't exactly let these people die either . 
  look at the little girl dead and floating in the water at the [ 6:50 ] ( https://youtu.be/ml7sd_jkbqc?t=410 ) and tell me this is the acceptable solution . 
  i do n't know what should be done , but shrugging your shoulders while people die does n't seem right to me . 
   you have no idea how badly the average american would want to swat russia down like the insignificant gnat that they are if they start pushing into europe proper . 
  americans are constantly annoyed with russian and never really let the fury of the cold war pass ... what in god 's name are you talking about ? 
  the average american is n't fucking rambo , we 're just normal people trying to live our lives . 
  i do n't know anyone who hates russia , much less wants to go to war with russia . 
  i think you missed nap time or something . 
   is it necessary to say that people are in fact european ? 
  sometimes you guys need to be reminded how unfortunate you are :d, 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't imagine how entitled one must feel to demand they get placed in a 1st world country of their choosing . 
  they should feel damn lucky to be in europe at all , especially france . 
  even more so if they do n't expect to work . 
  i 'd love to get placed in a crappy apartment , mooching off the state all day if it meant i could hang out in france . 
  that sounds like a damn dream to me . 
  why are they so picky ? 
  i would love to be forced to live in france . 
  shit ... i 'm busted . 
  forgot about those . 
  i find this argument is leading to a lot of people making arbitrary distinctions . 
  well all food evolves . 
  americans are mostly of european descent , so any food dishes that evolved in the us after coming from europe should be considered american too , right ? 
  so how can fries be considered from belgium if they potatoes are n't native to europe :d this is a silly conversation and a waste of time , but you clearly think american food is strictly limited to fast food . 
  you should really try bbq food , that 's probably that best `` american '' food that i can think of . 
  dude ... my pallet is refined as fuck . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
   go back to your hamburger , you pick-up humping , gun-sucking redneck . 
  this is the finest insult i have ever received . 
  seriously ... well done . 
  so are those decorations for your house or something ? 
  i remember similar things being sold in mexico ... what 's with people stealing them though ? 
  on a side note , i 'll be going to scotland for a day or two in july ... would you suggest going to edinburgh or glasgow if you only had a short time to spend in scotland ? 
  or if not one of these cities , what would you suggest ( i 'm not really going to check out old historic places , more like looking to have a fine night out drinking and such ) ? 
  what do you mean by `` stolen tiles '' ? 
  in my country , tiles are what you put on the floor or on your roof , that is basically it . 
  people do not steal them either , since why would you take someone 's tiles from their roof ? 
  they do not have these tiles at any fairs , so i ca n't imagine we are talking about the same types of tiles . 
  so if i did that , i would basically be saying `` fuck you '' instead of `` hello '' ? 
  not in wine or beer though . 
  or milk . 
  but yeah , in pretty much everything else we put ice in . 
  they must be really fucking wealthy ... and also have no reservations about spoiling their child . 
  holy shit , doing that for your kid is basically setting them up for failure later in life . 
  maybe that does n't matter if you 're extremely rich . 
  i would n't know though , my father was just a carpenter :(, 
  your food is shit . 
  how the hell does a 21 year old college student afford a car like that ? 
  that 's not true at all ... like not even close to being true, 
  yeah they seem to punch above their weight when it comes to sports . 
  i 'm not very familiar with football since i am from the us , but i know they do very well in basketball . 
  maybe some of the people here have n't tried the churches yet , so they do n't know if they provide food . 
  not sure though , but i would have found it surprising that the church would do nothing for its people . 
   furthermore a lot of people find hope in their faith that can not find elsewhere during this crisis and that is very important in itself . 
  i agree with this 100 % . 
  a lot of people here seem to have forgotten what faith is all about . 
  religion is a source of hope . 
  and hope can be the only thing that gets you out of bed in the morning .
