  people are always making ignorant comments about countries they have never been to . 
  it 's just a fact of life . 
  there really is n't a point to making a whole thread to discuss the stupidity of comments you come across on reddit . 
  you do realize , that for every asshole , arrogant , dumb fuck american prattling on about supposed superiority , there is an equally shitty person across the pond ? 
  i mean , even this thread can basically be summed up by comments like `` those dumb americans think we 're not diverse ? 
  fuck 'em , they 're the ones that know nothing about diversity '' that is applying the same idiotic logic that you guys accuse the us of being guilty of . 
  we all do it , europeans and americans alike . 
  i can make a similar thread about the rampant , willful ignorance european redditors display on a daily basis . 
  what makes american ignorance more vile than european ignorance ? 
   i also - frankly , do n't believe there is that much positive to say about it . 
  then you are irredeemable . 
  i 'm sorry , but with that attitude i know i could fill thousands of pages of positive things about the us , and you would dismiss it with a casual `` nah , fuck those guys '' . 
  try to take your blinders off . 
  even though i have had many , many terrible run ins with obnoxious , arrogant , idiotic , jingoistic , nationalist , pretentious , shitty europeans , i could still set all that bullshit aside and extol the many virtues of europe and europeans . 
  even though i find europeans on reddit , and on the internet in general , to be the most obnoxious bastards anywhere on the internet , i still dream of spending significant amounts of time traveling europe . 
  people on the internet are dicks in general , and i would never judge a country by the internet comments i see coming from people of that country . 
  if you ca n't find nothing positive to say about the us , you are deliberately living in a state of pathetic ignorance . 
  you can find hundreds of jobs that do not require anything more than high school diploma that pay more than that . 
  any basic job in menial labor pays more than that . 
  my friend has a high school diploma , and nothing else . 
  he makes close to $ 25/hr . 
   stop working ans starve to death in order to make capitalism work and force employers to rise wages since they ca n't find workers ? 
  this is the epitome of a garbage , sensationalist , leftist argument . 
  i quit my job at 16 when working at mcdonald 's to work at a diner across the street . 
  at the age of 17 , i was making at least $ 17-20 / hr just on tips alone . 
  if you think someone is completely helpless and can get nothing but a minimum wage job , you are completely detached from reality . 
   but it 's fucking retarded ( and borderline racist ) to measure `` culture '' in terms of ethnicity . 
  that 's basically saying the chance of birth determines your culture for life , and nobody ever integrates into a different culture or grows to like different things than their parents . 
  agreed . 
  i am not siding with that methodology , just saying it is easier to measure then vaguer things like different arts , mannerisms etc. . .  speaking for myself , because i really do n't think that there 's all that much positive to say about it . 
  sigh . 
  then you really know nothing about the us aside from what you see on reddit . 
  try getting out of your bubble and visiting the place , you will quickly learn that the us that is portrayed on the internet is almost nothing like the actual us . 
  they are two different countries . 
   you mean those millions of * teenage * fastfood and walmart workers protesting that they do n't earn enough to feed themselves or their children ? 
  yes . 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  none of those jobs are supposed to be career jobs . 
  no one is forcing someone to put groceries in a bag their entire life . 
  those jobs are literally meant to be worked by young people in their teenage years . 
  if you are still putting fries in a box at the age of 40 , that is your problem , not mcdonald 's . 
  you may be right here , but some may accuse you of shifting the goal posts here . 
  it 's easy to quantify , and therefor put a number to , cultural diversity when measuring it in terms of ethnicity . 
  but how do you put a number to things like mannerisms , arts , traditions etc. . . ? 
  those are kind of vague things to measure . 
  on another note , why are all of your comments about the us so negative , sarcastic , and just asshole-ish in general . 
  you never have anything remotely positive to say about it . 
  i mean , here is what you said in your first comment :  they think the pinnacle of culture is having gay marriage/pot legalised in one state and the death penalty in another and a taco bell on the corner . 
  what the fuck ? 
  since when do we act superior to others based on how many taco bells there are ? 
  for as much as you accuse americans of making moronic claims about their own country , you seem guilt free about making moronic claims about america . 
  how do you reconcile lambasting americans for being ignorant , then following up by being ignorant yourself . 
  this is seriously a persistent theme of almost all of your comments on / r/europe . 
  damn , $ 20-25 an hour ? 
  even for someone working in fast food ? 
  either everyone in denmark is a millionaire , or shit 's just really expensive there . 
  do most people in denmark drive lamborghinis , live in gold plated homes , and only eat the finest caviar ? 
  no , it is not pitiful . 
  furthermore , minimum wage jobs are mostly populated by teenagers . 
  hell , my first official job at 16 working at mcdonald 's paid higher than the minimum wage . 
  wages and salaries are quite high in the us . 
  the minimum wage jobs are not far off compared to wealthy european countries , especially when adjusted to the cost of living . 
  [ source ] ( http://cdn.theatlantic.com/newsroom/img/posts/oecd_global_minimum_wage.png ) i seriously do not understand why there is such a widespread perception on this sub that us workers are paid poorly . 
  it has been a truth for almost a century that our workers are among the best paid in the world ( once again , adjusting for cost of living ) . 
  where does this radical disconnect come from ? 
  who says this ? 
  i have seen comments saying individual european countries are not diverse ( or more accurately , not as diverse as other countries ) . 
  but i have n't really seen comments suggesting the entire continent is not diverse . 
  europe 's diversity is self-evident , and needs no explanation . 
  europe 's diversity speaks for itself . 
  but the us has a minimum wage , while countries such as germany , austria , denmark , finland , italy , and norway do not . 
  so what 's with the `` us that way --  '' comment when minimum wage is being raised in a number of states here , and is not even implemented in many core european countries ? 
  good point . 
  we 're used to our leagues having the best talent in the world . 
  are we willing as a nation to get behind a league that does n't even rank in the top five in talent ? 
  maybe , but the interest will probably be lackluster for years until the talent improves . 
  here ya go : in a country struggling with rampant corruption , a weak judiciary and unstable government , the bulgarian banking system has consistently won praise for its stable institutions , high liquidity and low risk . 
  in the past few weeks that system has come under attack in the worst run on banks in 17 years . 
  the central bank said runs on first investment bank ( fib ) and corporate commercial bank ( ccb ) , the country 's third and fourth largest lenders , in the past two weeks were part of a `` deliberate and systematic attempt to destabilise bulgaria 's banking system '' . 
  according to the authorities , criminals tried to disrupt the system by sending e-mails and text messages urging people to withdraw their funds from several large banks . 
  the banking crisis was made worse by political instability . 
  bulgaria 's political parties recently agreed to a snap election and the socialist-led government of the prime minister , plamen oresharski , is expected to resign soon . 
  mr oresharski 's cabinet was in power for barely a year , plagued by street protests demanding its resignation and by a controversy over the south stream gas pipeline . 
  the attackers ' plot seemed to work , at first . 
  on june 27th , rattled depositors withdrew around $ 400m ( $ 547m ) from fib in a matter of hours . 
  a week earlier , the central bank took control of ccb after customers rushed to withdraw their savings unnerved by media reports about one of its owners . 
  while ccb remains closed as the authorities are devising a plan to save it , fib resumed operations on june 30th . 
  over the weekend the authorities appealed for calm and arrested several people suspected of orchestrating the attack . 
  also on june 30th , the european commission approved a request by the bulgarian government to extend an emergency credit-line of $ 1.7 billion to local banks . 
  `` the bulgarian banking system is well capitalised and has high levels of liquidity compared to its peers in other member states , '' the commission said in a statement yesterday . 
  `` for precautionary reasons , bulgaria has taken this measure to further increase the liquidity and safeguard its financial system . '' bulgarian banking shares climbed sharply yesterday , led by fib whose shares rose by 24.6 % . 
  queues were still forming outside branches of fib , but they were visibly shorter than on june 27th . 
  according to georgi angelov , senior economist at the open society institute in sofia , the reasons for the crisis are not systemic . 
  `` the banking system is stable -- the liquidity is very high and it has one of the highest capital-adequacy ratios in europe , at about 20 % , '' said mr angelov in an interview . 
  he explained that the situation in bulgaria was not like in cyprus where the banks were bankrupt and that the bulgarian problem came from outside the banking system . 
  last week anonymous e-mails , social-media posts and mobile-phone messages were sent to fib customers , fanning fears about the safety of their deposits . 
  bulgarians have bitter memories of a grave financial crisis in 1996-97 when 14 banks went under in a little over a year , so they flocked to the bank branches . 
  after they withdrew around 800m lev ( $ 400m ) in a few hours , fib said it had to close operations over the weekend . 
  on june 29th bulgaria 's national security agency said it had so far arrested six people suspected of involvement in the attack . 
  one of the e-mails sent by one of the suspects , released by the authorities , said that other banks , including italian-owned unicredit , `` are in very bad condition and even a small percentage of withdrawals would push these institutions into bankruptcy .
