  last year just 397,000 cars rolled off domestic assembly lines at fiat , italy 's largest carmaker , against 911,000 in 2007 . 
  its output of vans has recovered a bit since hitting rock bottom in 2009 , but at 207,000 last year was 18 % below its pre-crisis peak . 
  ...  the picture is also grim in domestic appliances , another area of manufacturing in which italy used to be a world leader . 
  the success of firms like merloni ( now renamed indesit ) , candy , ignis and zanussi was such that they became the subject of business-school case studies in the 1960s and 1970s . 
   all the leading appliance-makers were established or made their names between 1945 and 1965 , when `` white goods '' , as they used to be called , epitomised italy 's post-war economic miracle . 
  today the production figures paint a picture of an industry under siege . 
  in 2007 italy turned out 24m appliances . 
  five years of decline reduced the total to 13m last year : output of washing machines was down by 52 % to 4.4 m ; dishwashers by 59 % to 1.1 m ; fridges by 55 % to 1.8 m ; and cookers by 75 % to 300,000 . 
   the crisis has served to highlight systemic weaknesses in italy like high labour costs , bureaucracy and poor infrastructure , says antonio guerrini , the director-general of ceced italia , the appliance-makers ' trade body . 
  the only way to survive weak demand and growing competition from giant chinese appliance firms like haier is to shift production to lower-cost countries , as italian makers are now doing . 
  ** `` manufacturing mass or entry-level products in italy is no longer competitive , '' says mr guerrini . 
  if so , many of the 130,000 remaining jobs in italian appliance-making are endangered . 
  **  slumping output at producers of cars and kitchen gadgets has devastated those who make parts for them . 
  many have already gone bust . 
  innocenzo cipolletta , an economist at trento university who sits on several company boards including indesit 's , ** worries that the steady loss of links in their supply chains is forcing the big makers of final products to recreate the whole chain abroad , accelerating the hollowing-out of italian manufacturing . 
  **  absent a proper resolution of the euro crisis and sweeping economic reforms in italy ( do n't hold your breath on either count ) there is not much that can be done in the short term to protect domestic manufacturing . 
  bigger tax breaks for research , as the appliance-makers are seeking , might help firms move upmarket and sell more abroad . 
  but that would take years , and they do not have that much time . 
  for the foreseeable future italian manufacturers are stuck trying to sell their existing products to consumers who seem in no rush to replace their old bangers and creaking kitchen gadgets . 
  in a climate of political and economic uncertainty , with rumoured tax rises and certain job losses , italians are disinclined to spend , and who can blame them for that ? 
  so what is it then ? 
  is italy 's manufacturing sector in deep trouble ? 
  or is it steadily improving ? 
  i guess the answer to these questions depepnds on what magazines you read , and what you want the answer to be . 
  look man , you have to understand that by nature of geography we have very different ways of looking this situation . 
  in the beginning of this thread , i was viewing this from an entirely american perspective . 
  this pushes me to believe that nato is totally one sided . 
  that if america was invaded by a country like china , very few european countries would be able to fulfill their treaty obligation and aid us . 
  who would be sending a fleet of aircraft carriers ? 
  yet we are suppossed to defend every european citizen , even when they are right next to russia . 
  but another part of me forces me to look at this situation in a different way . 
  the way i am talking in the previous paragraph relegates countries to vassal status , and the fate of a buffer zone . 
  americans have money on the line , europeans have lives on the line . 
  think of all the major wars in the last century . 
  america has never we been crushed and had our homeland destroyed . 
  war is an absract thing to us that happens in far away places . 
  so i tend to think of nato of being a monetary and responsability burden , where other countries would view it as a lifeline . 
  sorry for the rambling . 
  i 'm just trying to say that this situation is complex , and subsequently brings mixed emotions to me . 
  do you live in california ? 
  you probably have tijuana and the baja peninsula next to you . 
  i grew up in arizona , and went to college in tucson which is an hour away from the border . 
  my border town was crappy nogales . 
  it was only good for pain killers , cheap pipes , and booze . 
  the mexican beaches were a two hour drive from me . 
  i was never comfortable driving through that country though , therefore never went to the beaches ( as an adult ) . 
  i live in illinois now . 
  i never thought i 'd say that this , but i miss that country . 
  whatever . 
  the reality is , we can not protect everybody with nato . 
  and we already have all the low hanging fruit , the big countries are already a part of nato . 
  the rest are tiny ~ 5 million people countries . 
  aka diminishing returns . 
  these small countries also happen to ring around russia like a temtping necklace . 
  but it would be foolish to snatch them up . 
  instead , they should be used as a buffer state for both sides . 
  why aggravate russia ? 
  if russia established a military presence , or unthinkably established a * military alliance * against america on our continent ... all hell would break lose . 
  that idea is once again unthinkable , it would be a disaster . 
  and russia has to sit there with us on their doorstep , slowly widdling away its security . 
  threatening it . 
  humiliating it . 
  and why ? 
  these diminishing returns ? 
  sorry , it 's not worth it . 
  one day russia will sort itself out , and it will be a force to be reckoned with . 
  it will remember these days . 
  those are the days we have to plan for . 
  so how we play our cards now is very important . 
  wow . 
  i think you just scored an interview with oprah . 
   i 've actually written extensively about this . 
  i can get into more detail about this scenario . 
  sure . 
  that would be great . 
  i 've gotten into these debates on this subreddit before with europeans ( particularly those in countries that border russia ) . 
  i undertand a lot of the history , and the reason for the tension/suspicion . 
  but for some reason , it never sinks in with me . 
  i always come away thinking that the russian threat is exagerrated . 
  and that the idea that russia is actively trying to , or would desire to , rule over large swathes of europe again is also exaggerated . 
  i know it is me who is full of shit when it comes to that opinion , but i just can not really get fully convinced that russia is the evil entity it is made out to be . 
  they 'll eventually run into the atlantic ocean . 
  they would n't be able to consume any more countries . 
  then we would also not have to defend anything . 
  let russia win . 
  russian problem solved . 
  interesting . 
  i was under the impression that russia simply crushed georgia . 
  i guess they were pretty successful against russia 's airforce . 
  still , russia ended up winning that war fairly quickly . 
   the problem is if nato did n't admit these baltic states , russia would likely see it as an ok to further push its agenda in the region unabated . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  it might sound heartless , but the us should n't be responsible for the defense of a continent . 
  what would a country like lativa bring to the table ? 
  nothing . 
  what would they risk ? 
  everything . 
  it is simply not worth it . 
  i 'd sacrifice these countries if it meant protecting the others . 
   the main benefit for the us , as i see it , is legitimacy for any military action .
