  why would anyone be outraged that he met with entrepreneurs ? 
  how is this a political issue ? 
   suddently the story gained traction abroad especially from cultures with heavy influence of puritanism ( uk , usa , canada , australia ) and thus the stage was set for the battle between scandinavian pragmatism and english puritanism : nah . 
  it 's just an excuse to be outraged and pretend you are superior to someone else . 
  that 's all it is . 
  i would n't look into much further than that . 
  it seems people everywhere take any opportunity they can to look down upon other countries/people for whatever trivial reason they can find . 
  how would voting ukip do anything to solve the woes of the eurozone ... especially since the uk is n't even in the eurozone . 
  yes , but it is typically higher after a deep recession . 
  2.5 % growth is decent , and it more people are getting jobs . 
  but it is not high enough to create enough jobs that will absorb all those who lost their jobs during the recession , and those entering the job market for the first time . 
  it 's growth , and i 'll take it , but it is n't enough to repair the damage done to our economy a few years ago . 
  it 's a slow healing process with that kind of growth . 
   figures from insee , the french national statistics institute , showed the economy expanded by 0.3 per cent in the past three months . 
  it also said growth was flat in the third quarter , a slight upward revision from its previous estimate of a contraction of 0.1 per cent . 
  i guess it is defying predictions , but not by much . 
  0.3 percent growth is certainly better than contraction , but it is n't really anything to celebrate . 
  hell , the us congratulates itself for 2.5 % growth for the year , when in any other time this would be considered pathetic . 
  funny times we live in now , where anything other than economic collapse seems to be a sign of victory . 
  i agree . 
  the problem is the people that do think it is racist yell the loudest about shit like this . 
  so in a way , it 's not worth the hassle . 
  the zwarte piet is really fucking stupid . 
  why would anyone care ? 
  how does this effect anyone ? 
  i think someone just wanted to feel important so they pretended to be offended . 
   again , i 'll link some studies over these issues when i have the time . 
  no need . 
  there are definite issues on both sides of the atlantic , each beset by their own problems . 
  whether it is a revolving door system that cultivates and insulates a conflict of interests , or criminal gangs bribing officials to look the other way on shady practices . 
  i would rather not get into a debate over which issue is worse , and to what degree america and europe are effected by this . 
  i guess different people have different definitions of what is , and what is n't racist . 
  for example , some people may think [ this ] ( https://media.vocativ.com/photos/2014/02/germany-blackface-problem_022769907694.jpg ) picture from the article is hilarious , while others would find it horribly offensive and racist . 
  the comments from that article were pretty amusing as well . 
  i find myself agreeing with the guy who said this :  who gives a fat rats butt what the jerry 's do in their own country ? 
  and laughing to myself over this gem :  in the usa , we have found blackface to be very expensive . 
  trillions of dollars -- no shovel ready jobs . 
  i do n't even think italians understand their own politics . 
  i fail to see how false labeling and fraud is not foremost an issue of food safety . 
  those issues are one in the same to me . 
  it seems like you are using semantics to separate those issues , and somehow suggest that european food regulations are n't flawed . 
  you can have all the regulations on paper as you want , but if they are poorly enforced than they may as well be non-existent . 
  does horse meat count as an additive :d how did that get in the food supply chain ? 
  i am not denying this . 
  but it seems like you are denying the vast , systemic corruption that is extremely pervasive in europe ( or more accurately , more systemic in certain countries ) . 
  also , i would like to mention that lobbying is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  there is a difference between outright bribing a politician and lobbying . 
  lobbying is poorly understood on reddit . 
  lobbying can be a good thing , and in fact , it mostly is . 
  lobbying is basically an industry telling politicians exactly how regulations effect their industry , and suggest regulations that would work better for them . 
  most politicians do n't have advanced knowledge of how nuclear reactor components work , how supply chains are sustained and managed , how particular processes in an industry work , how internal combustion engines work and so on . 
  i would rather have industries discussing these issues with politicians than have a bunch of know-nothing beaurucrats passing laws on industries and technologies they know nothing about . 
  this is the most typical form of lobbying , and where most of the money goes . 
  to suggest that this is always insidious corruption ( which it definitely sometimes is ) is disingenuous . 
  as for the food industry , i can not understand how you maintain europe 's mechanisms for over seeing the entire supply chain is superior to america 's in light of the litany of scandals that have been in the news this last year . 
   this sub loves to hate england/russia/america / china/monaco . 
  basically , this sub hates anything that does not acknowledge the all encompassing superiority of glorious europe . 
  anything `` not europe '' is a big ol' pile of dog shit . 
  that 's the impression that i get at least after coming here over the last few months . 
  bow before europe !, 
  or prepare to be shat on . 
  your capacity to delude yourself is very impressive . 
  but money talks in europe as well . 
  did you miss this article ? 
  [ corruption across eu ` breathtaking ' - eu commission ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26014387 )  though i do beleive the us ones are far worse i simply can not agree with this . 
   i guess the risk is worth it though ... ... me too !, 
  this has n't happened to me yet , but i could imagine it would be a little bit awkward to have a conversation like `` can you please tell your vagina to return my penis . 
  i 'd like it back , thank you very much . '', 
  many thanks !, 
  by the way , do you know if this is a good thing or a bad thing for penises ? 
   this occurance is called penis captivus i 'm not sure if i should be terrified , aroused , or both . 
  if only i was n't at work , i would click on the link on the side of that page that says `` eye opening facts about vaginas '' . 
  i 'm so damn curious now . 
  although that is probably the correct approach , i anticipate lobbyists on both sides to find silly reasons to define their standards as the highest ones to protect their interests . 
  i 'm getting down voted because / r/europe . 
  that 's why . 
  that 's the only reason . 
   still trust our institutions more than the us ones that are bought by lobbyists funny as an american , i think the same thing about trusting my institutions over yours for basically the same reason ... 
  i guess people will always trust their own institutions over others . 
  in reality , these institutions are probably similarly effective , and one could find examples of both failures and successes on either side of the atlantic in similar numbers . 
   jim crow laws anyone ? 
  are you really reaching back to 1965 for this one ? 
   voter id laws aimed at black voters ? 
  lol . 
  i guess it is fashionable to say that among bleeding heart lefties , but there is nothing at all intrinsically racist about requiring photo id 's in order to vote . 
  proving who you are is not racist . 
  this is simply lefty spin . 
  especially since id 's can be acquired for free via an application through the government , or at most cost $ 15 if you want to get another id on your own dime . 
  jesus , make sure you wear the correct tie around this guy . 
  god forbid it has a pattern with the swiss cross on it . 
  this article was more like a hit piece than an actual article that delves into the mind set of those swiss who voted to put a quota on immigration . 
  this guy attended a conference with hundreds of people , and the quotes he selects for this article seem to have been deliberately chosen to make everyone their seem retarded . 
  why quote someone knowledgeable , or why ask questions to someone competent when you can quote `` proud mother nadja zbinden '' who proceeds to go on some anti-eu rant . 
  i really do n't know much about the internal politics of europe as a whole , and much less about the internal politics of switzerland . 
  but it is pretty standard for a journalist who attends a conference/gathering/protest / convention held by those whom he disagrees with to simply go straight for the crazy looking people in the crowd to discredit the whole lot . 
  he could have actually attempted to find the reasoning behind these peoples ' views instead of asking some random `` spp supporter of indian descent '' why he has black sheep on his tie . 
  this whole piece read like it was written by someone with an obvious agenda . 
  what the hell happened in this thread ? 
  it 's like the aftermath of some sort of massacre . 
  is who even trying ?
