  2 ) unless you work at mc donalds , you get two weeks paid vacation , plus 13 federal holidays for a total of at least 27 days vacation . 
  every company i have worked for has given out more . 
  3 ) again depends wildly on the job . 
  if you have a non mc donalds job you get 6 weeks maternity leave at least . 
  paternity leave is a fucking joke . 
  plus , who the fuck is paying for that ? 
  4 ) i lived in detroit . 
  much of it is beautiful and expanding . 
  much of it is total shit . 
  if you want an honest answer to that question , there are a multitude of answers , that 's not so easy to answer . 
  5 ) $ 100,00 k is fucking bullshit . 
  that 's private school debt . 
  you can go to a public university for a tenth of the price . 
  trust me , i did . 
  you can get scholarships , many people do . 
  i got paid to go to college . 
  i 'm now 26 making $ 70,000 a year and almost no debt . 
  6 ) there is social security . 
  i have been unemployed for months in a very conservative state and got the lowest possible form of unemployment . 
  it was $ 240/week for 99 weeks . 
  i have noticed this is higher pay , and a longer duration than many european countries . 
  i also did n't add that i qualified for free , food , and healthcare too . 
  7 ) the gini coefficient is a direct reflection of the system of government . 
  we have the widest range of incomes . 
  you can earn more money here than anywhere . 
  of course our gini coefficient is high . 
  that 's how the system is designed !, 
   also , contrary to what europeans believe , the austerity in the us is much deeper than in the ue . 
  think about the lack of healthcare and social services for instance . 
  if you cut these items from the eu budgets , the eu countries will end up with a lot of money to use for investments . 
  but , do you really want to taste american style austerity ? 
  if only you knew how ridiculous this statement is . 
  you 're idea of what america is like is like is rather amusing . 
  i wonder if this type of nonsense is spread frequently among europeans . 
  honestly , if i wanted to point how far from the truth that statement is , i could write three or four books worth . 
  i 'll just leave you with this , most of what you think you know about america is an absurd caricature of the truth . 
  our country is experiencing nothing like spain or almost any other country in europe . 
  also , the bit about social care here is a complete misperception . 
  america is going through austerity at an insignificant rate compared to certain european countries . 
  that was a fascinating response !, 
  i really hope things turn around for you guys . 
  i ca n't imagine what it 's like to be under the yolk of unelected officials who base decisions that affect millions based on flawed analysis . 
  as a portugeese citizen , how does this not infuriate you ? 
  especially since both greece and portugal are small countries , each percentage point in gdp contraction means another hundred thousand familiar faces unemployed and struggling . 
  each big cut is another neighborhood on their own . 
  and to think all of this hardship is because a select few economists gazed into their crystal ball and saw that there was only one way out . 
  yet their predictions for growth/contraction were * so far off !, 
  * how do you rationalize the sacrifices you have already made ? 
  how do you rationalize the sacrifices you will continuously need to make when you know the basic set of assumptions that went into this plan are fundamentally flawed ? 
  how do people continue to accept this ? 
  no worries . 
  i live an ocean away from you and we speak different native languages and we 're communicating via text . 
  it 's hard to find a common context in this situation . 
  hey man i was just joking . 
  you do n't need to take it that seriously . 
  i thought you had some tension with turkey for various historical reasons . 
  there have been massive protests lately . 
  they 're unstable . 
  i 'm just saying ... 
  smell like trash . 
  can barely speak one language . 
  morbidly obese . 
  delirious and sweaty because they do n't have motorized scooters for fat people in europe . 
  kind of cute in a way , in their own `` special '' way . 
  thanks for the response . 
  that sounds like a depressing situation . 
  imagine if your country was n't in crisis . 
  you could be looking across the bosphorous watching all the chaos and finally decide it 's time for operation re-constantinople . 
  unfortunately , it looks like that glorious day will have to wait . 
  would you be risking assassination ? 
   fund officials had severe doubts about whether greece 's debt would be sustainable even after the first bailout was provided in may 2010 and ** only agreed to the plan because of fears of contagion . 
  ** i wonder if the greeks will find any irony in the fact that the only reason they were saved from greater catastrophe was because they were part of the eurozone . 
   but having agreed that there were exceptional circumstances that warranted the biggest bailout in the fund 's history , officials were taken aback by the much bigger than expected slump in the greek economy . 
  the country is now in its fifth year of recession and the ** economy has contracted by 17 % . 
  the imf thought it would contract by just 5.5 % . 
  ** that is a catastrophic error . 
  the difference between the two is staggering . 
  how were they so wrong ? 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of people asking that question now . 
  if i was greek , this would definitely compound the bitterness i would feel . 
  i assume your greek ? 
  in light of everything you have just described , how do you think this news will be received by the people ? 
  do they even care at this point ? 
  is this story on greek media outlets yet ? 
  well this has been an embarrassing failure . 
  it kind of reminds me of another european project . 
  nitpick away . 
  i tend to use those terms i interchangeably since i am lazy and apathetic . 
  i 'm not bashing any politicians . 
  i 'm just suggesting that a politician often is forced to speak diplomatically , and behind that formal talk is usually a simple answer . 
  the simple answer in this case is `` fuck no ! '' . 
  but a politician ca n't exactly that , much less a head of state . 
  of course she is . 
  that is politician speak for `` fuck * no * ! '', 
  i think you can go even deeper than that . 
  i think the voters themselves share some of the blame . 
  it appears that there is mass denial that governments can continue the level of spending on social programs when that is demonstrably not true . 
  too many people think the government can/should come to the rescue when the government is often the source of the issue . 
  when a politician acts like the only adult in the room and speaks the harsh truth that the government simply can not maintain current levels of spending they are almost never voted in . 
  when the populace can not handle the truth , what hope does the government have .
