   it is of common sense , logic and the conclusion of every serious social study on the matter ever . 
  this is demonstrably not true , and is not the conclusion of every serious study on the matter . 
  you want it to be true so you can pretend that with only a little more education , with only one or two more civics classes , radicalization would disappear . 
  that is not the case . 
  radicalization stems from an imperative among believers to adhere to , and spread their faith . 
   do you think isis would exist if it was n't for iraq war ? 
  yes . 
  as many other groups existed outside of the iraq war . 
  the war certainly exacerbated things , but the seeds for isis were planted long ago . 
  edit : grammar ( added `` to '' after `` adhere '' ), 
  i think if one were to talk about the ira , it would be difficult to categorize as religious or nationalist . 
  but i ca n't deny the obvious sectarian nature of the ira . 
  so i 'll give you that one . 
  also , that was contained to the british isles , and thousands of people from all over the world never flocked to ireland to literally behead non-believers . 
  as for the lra : |  `` the lra is not motivated by any identifiable political agenda , and its military strategy and tactics reflect this '' [ 10 ] and it appears to largely function as a personality cult of its leader joseph kony . 
  [ 9 ] kony being a self-declared prophet leading a violent cult has earned him the nickname `` africa 's david koresh '' . 
  [ 11 ] i am not sure a self-declared prophet with a militia counts as being christian , since christians believe jesus was the last prophet . 
  if i call myself a prophet , then i can not call myself a christian . 
  if i call myself a christian , then i can not call myself a prophet . 
  the lra is hardly a `` christian '' group . 
  nice try though . 
   you mean the stormfront copypasta stats that have been debunked over and over and over again ? 
  i am talking about polls conducted by the [ pew research center ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ) . 
  unless you consider pew to be `` untrustworthy '', 
   a tiny minority of muslims are doing this you seriously still believe this ? 
  majorities in most muslim countries support both the methods of terrorist groups and the goals of terrorist groups . 
  how many times must the polls be posted here until you actually believe it ? 
  if you do n't believe the polls , then simply pay attention to the news . 
  you have to actively go out of your way to stay so naive . 
  it takes effort on your behalf to delude yourself . 
   you know there are christian groups that are responsible for thousands of deaths as well right ? 
  show me the christian groups rampaging around the world setting off car bombs and beheading people . 
  please ... i 'll be waiting . 
   there purpose in life is the same as others , it is n't to spread their religion . 
  then please tell me why there are muslims trying to do this very thing in arc that spans from western africa to the philippines , an area that spans nearly half the globe ? 
  yeah ... those 2nd generation quasi-muslims i knew in college were fairly normal ... let 's compare them to the overwhelming numbers who are not like this in pretty much every muslim majority country . 
  funny ... i could say the same about you . 
  this is what happens every time there is some discussion about immigration . 
  both sides just call the other side a bunch of ignorant cunts , and the discussion goes nowhere . 
  and by the way , what was wrong about what i said ? 
  this is an extremely naive , and unfortunately widespread view . 
  they are not radicalized because they are `` poor '' and lack `` education '' . 
  they are prone to radicalization because their very faith compels them to spread islam through any means possible . 
  they simply do not have the same motivations as us in life . 
  whereas we try to achieve greater levels of prosperity , they 're reason for existence is to follow , and spread the words of their holy book . 
  education will not fix that . 
  prosperity will not fix that . 
  their goal is not to be wealthy and sedated , but to spread and institutionalize their faith . 
  our values are not their values . 
  therefore , our methods for curing our ailments in society are not going to remedy the ailments in their society . 
  your line of thinking is simply distracting us into a dead end path . 
  instead of leaving , you guys should do everything possible to stay and make the `` refugees '' leave . 
  it 's your country after all , you should n't give up on it so quickly . 
   mine is better because unlike yours , mine is actually well researched and an educated opinion . 
  i know much more about this than you or an average person . 
  our opinions are not of the same value when you have no knowledge on the subject , and i spend years studying it . 
  on the internet , no one knows , nor cares about your credentials . 
  you could actually try and argue instead of just saying `` i 'm smarter than you '' . 
  that approach will not endear you to anyone . 
  well i guess i probably should have looked at his username before making that comment ... oops . 
  i 'm going to assume you are trolling here . 
  here is what i get from wikipedia asshole :  the group of 7 ( g7 ) is a group consisting of the finance ministers and central bank governors of seven major advanced economies as reported by the international monetary fund : canada , france , germany , italy , japan , the united kingdom , and the united states meeting to discuss primarily economic issues . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g7 ) i do n't see the eu in there , do you ? 
  and yeah , i did n't really care because my first comment was just a passing observation , not something i wanted to get into a debate about . 
  it was a mild curiosity and nothing more . 
  and maybe you should be thanking me , because without my original comment this useless post of yours would have zero comments . 
  i think we would just be even more confused than ever before . 
  calling us fat fucks would be the obvious choice , and we would definitely know you are insulting us . 
  in the us , the word yankee means one of two things : 1 ) a baseball team disliked by pretty much everyone outside of new york city 2 ) a derogatory term used by southerns to refer to northerners . 
  outside of that context , a lot of americans would be confused as hell if you called us a yank/yankee . 
  the word is basically meaningless here . 
  i have personally never heard it used to describe anything else than the baseball team . 
  so yeah , to us it is just bizarre being called a yank ... we do n't really know what it means . 
  do n't worry ... you 'll get 'em next time . 
  you 're right . 
  their finances are completely fucked up and can not be resolved soon . 
  i guess i just find the alternative ( casting an entire country into generational poverty ) to be a very drastic measure . 
  but admittedly , there are no easy options with respect to greece , otherwise this issue would have been resolved a long time ago . 
  i guess my empathy for the average greek person overrides everything else . 
  i can tell you for certain though that i know i probably would n't have this same opinion if i was a citizen of one of the creditor countries . 
  you are the embodiment of the `` you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole '' meme . 
  i guess it 's hard to describe . 
  i think western european countries are ok with paying large sums of money towards net contributions , but do n't seem willing to do much more than that in the face of a crisis . 
  but you are right , it is difficult . 
  i can preach and sermonize all day about the necessity of compassion ... but then again , my country does n't have anything at stake here and has n't been pouring money into other countries year after year with little to show for it . 
  i guess ultimately i find it unfortunate that a lot of europeans are ok with throwing countries out of the union after years of crisis . 
  right now , that seems like a long time . 
  30 years from now , maybe 5 years of crisis will seem like a minor blip or something . 
  the eu and emu just seem like too good of a thing to start dismantling in the face of the first true crisis the eu/emu has faced . 
  it does n't have to be this way . 
  good guess . 
  although that is kinda obvious now in retrospect . 
  anyway , thanks for following up on that . 
  probably . 
  i think we 're all over analyzing this picture a little too much though . 
  it is just a picture after all . 
  so why is christine lagard there also ? 
  for fun ? 
  weird ... 
  i just googled g7 and it listed individual countries ...
