  i could see this either as being taught in parallel to history in ireland or not being taught at all . 
  just wondering because the irish emmigrants/immigrants were extremely influential in the countries they ended up in . 
   erasing the debt is not a sufficient condition but it may well be a necessary condition for making progress . 
  if this is what you believe is true , then do you think europe should even bother going through with several billion dollar loan greece is about to get ? 
  to me it looks like europe is already throwing good money after bad . 
  if they must forgive greece 's debt , then why would they be loaning them more money ? 
  especially if that money that must be written off anyway . 
  two deadly train crashes in the same week in the francophone world . 
  sad . 
  with 8 confirmed dead so far , let 's just hope that number stays to a minimum . 
  that 's pretty much what i was expecting . 
  that thought is actually reflected over here as well . 
  i guess governments being unpopular is n't exactly surprising . 
  it 's pretty hard to tell what is actually going on on the other side of the atlantic when the only access one has to another country , and to the voices of its people are the comments section on internet articles like reddit . 
  this is extremely unreliable , but sometimes it is the only thing we have . 
  the internet is awesome , but i feel more often than not , it creates seperation between perception and reality when it should be doing the opposite . 
  it 's good to see people still think that way . 
  just looking at the trend of the last decade , that seems to opinion seems to be diminishing to me ( to be honest , with everything that has happened in the last decade , i understand ) . 
  however , it is entirely possible that the anti-american sentiment is exagerrated , or simply flares up from time to time and goes away again . 
  it 's hard to tell when i am not on that continent , so getting a census of people 's opinions on the ground is impossible . 
  i do n't think europeans loathing americans , or americans getting sick of europeans , is good for anybody . 
  relationships have there ups and downs , but the downs is no reason to scrap our relationship entirely . 
  it 's good to see people over there acknowledging that . 
  it 's all about how you read it , the context of how you read it , and who the reader is . 
  i 'm american . 
  i was expecting much fiercer condemnation . 
  it was reassuring seeing a european leader mention the positive historical ties we have together . 
  i assumed that meant nothing in modern day europe . 
  it 's good to see you have taken this as a learning opportunity . 
  that 's what life is all about . 
  learning from your mistakes . 
  if you had written that the other way i could have come in here and followed up with a sweet common denominator joke about the derrys canceling each other out so your comment would look cooler . 
  but the way you have it now it would be called 1/london , or the inverse of london . 
  that 's not nearly as cool . 
  you fucked everything up . 
  thanks a lot . 
  that was really interesting . 
  thanks for posting that . 
  merkel gave some good responses . 
  it really sounded like she had a handle on everything . 
  she certainly was n't ignorant , she did n't sound like she was down playing the whole thing , nor did she come across as furious and sensationalizing just to please the braying masses . 
  i was kind of expecting a more belligerent tone from her . 
  so if this becomes a humiliating fiasco , who 's head gets put on the chopping block ? 
  when the corruption is top down , do you just find a convenient fall guy to pin everything on ? 
  i would think with an event of such prestige , putin would have put the hammer down on corruption so as not to be embarrassed in front of the whole world . 
  that does n't seem to factor into their calculus . 
  i wonder if that is even possible . 
  russia has watched as a number of the countries in it 's former bloc have been stripped away either to the eu , nato , or both . 
  at some point they will draw a line . 
  i do n't see them sitting back and doing nothing as border nations become a part of a military alliance that was , and still is , about containing russia . 
  especially with a country like ukraine , i would n't be surprised if nato did n't near it . 
  i think it would have huge ramifications with the wests relationship with russia . 
  i 'm not sure if it would be worth it . 
  it sucks , but russia is still a major power . 
  and angering major powers had better be worth the risk . 
  otherwise there is little to gain , and a lot to lose . 
  do you also collect headlines depicting record levels of unemployment ? 
  or are those not as entertaining ? 
  oh sorry , i thought you meant specifically cuba . 
  morally , i think it 's a damn shame . 
  it 's a shame they feel compelled to leave in the first place . 
  the journey is miserable and dangerous . 
  even if they land safely , they are faced with a whole new set of issues . 
  if they are forced back , that would be devastating especially if they lost someone along the way . 
  the life of a desperate migrant is certainly not an enviable one . 
  that 's the moral part of me . 
  i do n't think they go back to cuba unless they want to . 
  cubans do n't get deported . 
  other caribbean islanders do . 
  not the cubans though . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wet_feet,_dry_feet_policy ) is some crazy shit about our immigration policy with cuba . 
  if you are asking if i think the eu and the us have a moral obligation depending on how they arrive , i say no , neither has that moral obligation . 
  it is sad . 
  it is shitty . 
  but it is not our problem , and it is unfair to force the citizens of these countries to shoulder another tax burden on these people when so many are struggling for their own families . 
  how somebody got there is not important . 
  if you enforce the laws , all that matters is what that person 's immigration status , and that status is `` illegally in this country '' . 
  i know it sucks , considering the lengths people go through to get to these places , but you do n't run a country on sympathy . 
  this does n't sit well with me because i honestly wish we could just accpet these people . 
  you have to remember that it is not one boat load , or one group crossing the border , but hundreds of thousands over a years span . 
  that is too much to take on . 
  on a side note , i used to joke with my friends in az that crossing the border through the desolation of the desert should be the ultimate citizenship test . 
  if you could do that , you could do anything , and it proves just how much you want to be here . 
  it 's funny you ask about cubans specifically . 
  they get immidiate refugee status the moment they touch us soil . 
  so they are quite unique in that regard . 
  however , if you were to have changed cuban to haitian or someone from the dominican republic , they do not get afforded that luxury . 
  i am not really sure how i feel about kicking them out either . 
  although my gut would tell me to deport them . 
  there are some reasons to this . 
  i believe any country has the right to secure its borders . 
  they have the right to enforce who comes in , and who goes out . 
  they have the right to determine the conditions of entry . 
  if someone violates those rules , then i would have a hard time sypathizing with them . 
  also , going back to your concerns over boat people coming to the us , you should know that * far * more immigrants die in the arizona desert than anywhere any other form of illegal entry into the us . 
  a few hundred miles of open desert can be much worse than floating across a strip of the ocean . 
  if you want to know just how appalling the deaths are by these people who just `` crossed the border '' as you say , [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/21/us/immigrant-death-rate-rises-on-illegal-crossings.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ) is an article for you . 
  honestly , most people not from arizona have no idea how many people cross through my former state . 
  at one point , douglas was the most trafficked border in the world . 
  it was almost exclusively illegal immigrants .
