  we all are . 
  do n't worry . 
  i completely agree . 
  i find it extremely petty , like they are grasping for straws trying to find anyway to prevent competition . 
  but that opinion does n't seem to be shared by rest of the people in this sub . 
  i feel like i have read a similar article to this countless times before :  my objections to the single currency , therefore , are historical and cultural , rather than economic ... 
  i understand the benefits of a single currency , where there is economic convergence . 
  ...  the euro is founded primarily on wishful thinking . 
  it is fair to say that this has turned out to be a stronger foundation than might have been expected . 
  but the political convergence that is required for a currency union is missing . 
  there is no sense of being `` in this together '' . 
  on the contrary , there is political and social divergence ; a sense of superiority from those countries that -- for now -- are doing well , and growing anger among the populations of those countries that are introducing painful and damaging austerity measures to create the illusion of economic convergence . 
   economic convergence is an impossible dream while there is no political or fiscal union . 
  so every person on / r/europe understands this , and every article/blog/opinion piece i have read on this subject makes this same point , so who is left that does n't understand this ? 
  why does it seem like this issue will never get resolved , even though it is the most fundamental issue in the ez ? 
  fair enough . 
  then again there are n't many outlets for us to read about and discuss european issues with europeans . 
  but yeah , i get your point . 
  dude , you do n't understand . 
  americans have the identical complaint about europeans . 
  literally , we make the exact same claim about you guys . 
  maybe it 's because we have the same blood flowing through our veins ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but trust me , that is one of the defining stereotypes we have about europeans over here . 
  in fact , it is probably the most universal european stereotype we have in america : europeans think of themselves as without flaw , and everything they do is superior simply because they are european . 
  maybe the world is just full of douche bags ? 
  i 've lost count of the amount of times europeans have ruined threads here and beyond as well . 
  the snobby arrogance is palpable , and permeates like a noxious gas through a computer screen . 
  what 's your point ? 
  assholes are everywhere . 
  and how did he ruin a thread about naming cheese by voicing a different opinion ? 
  would this thread have been better if everyone in it simply agreed with each other ? 
  someone can make you miserable by having differing opinions on how cheeses should be named ? 
  are europeans in this thread really so petty that they have come to down voting americans for expressing their opinion on cheese nomenclature ? 
  dear god that 's a new low . 
   if american cheeses have to abuse protected traditional european names to compete jesus christ this makes you sound like a petulant baby . 
  why the hell are they `` protected '' in the first place ? 
  yes , he is one of this infamous `` cheese shills '' that make reddit miserable for everyone . 
  i kind of see these two statements as conflicting . 
   perhaps , but at least we have n't come out and actively opposed sanctions . 
   if we end up backing off now who can blame us after the eu ran for the hills especially considering this is happening on their doorstep not ours . 
  we can be blamed for cutting and running precisely because we did not oppose sanctions , and in fact suggested the implementation of sanctions . 
  european nations did not , so it does not look like they are backing down from anything since they never proposed to do anything . 
  we ( the us ) look like we are about to toss around the possibility of sanctions . 
  backing down now makes us look weak . 
  so we can be blamed even more than european countries for being little pussies , especially since we are not nearly as dependent on russia as european countries are , so we have little excuse to back down . 
  besides , what pressure can we force onto russian oligarchs ? 
  force [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_prokhorov ) to lose some draft picks ? 
  if i was a bettin ' man , i would say kerry does n't do shit in kiev besides patting the new government on the back and offering tired , worn out platitudes . 
  i doubt there will be sanctions . 
  russia is to valuable a partner to punish . 
  perhaps if the situation escalates further , but as of now russia has n't drawn any blood . 
  we shall see where this goes , but in the meantime i doubt the us will do anything serious . 
  perhaps take measures that look tough on paper , but is actually toothless . 
  it 's the god from the old testament . 
  the jewish one . 
  the one that rains fire and brimstone , culls first born sons , sends frogs raining down , plague , locusts , pestilence etc. . . etc. . . that god is a fucking renegade . 
  how fitting , the economist just published this article in one of its blogs , it 's worth a read : [ europe and russia : speak loudly , carry small stick ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/charlemagne/2014/03/europe-and-russia )  david lidington , the british minister for european affairs , said : `` there is now a very narrow window of opportunity available for russia to de-escalate the situation . ''  france said the next steps could be visa bans and freezing the assets of senior russian officials , of the same sort as those being pursued against the entrourage of ukraine 's departed president viktor yanukovych . 
  ** a proposal for an arms embargo against russia , which could have interrupted a french contract to build two mistral-class warships to russia , was struck out of the text . 
  ** france wo n't even stop selling them war ships !, 
  anyways , it does n't surprise me about germany either . 
  it 's hard to criticize when russia when [ this clown ] ( http://www.gazprom.com/f/posts/19/521222/kor_2523_1.jpg ) is best buds with vladimir putin and alexey miller . 
  good god the west looks like a bunch of hapless , clueless pussies right now . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  i did n't notice that nato has already come out and said they will do a whole lot of nothing . 
  while i am not surprised , the almost casual approach they seem to be taking with this situation is disheartening . 
  i do not want a military confrontation , but the west seems like they are totally unconcerned with this development . 
  hooray for impotence !, 
   am i secretly putin ? 
  i 've had my suspicions for a while now ...  a lot more people are gon na vote republican because they would feel like obama acted too late . 
  this assumes the american public wants a fight with russia . 
  no one wants that . 
  in fact , we 'd be more inclined to vote for any president who stays out of foreign conflicts . 
   the us would 've stepped in by now had mitt romney been president . 
  this is possible . 
  thank god he is n't president . 
   unfortunately for us ... what is unfortunate for you is fortunate for us . 
  sorry , but russia is europe 's problem . 
  exactly . 
  now is not the time to try scoring political points . 
  this is one the reasons my latvian friend moved to america ... but not everyone has that luxury . 
  damn . 
  i grew up in arizona and i saw shit frequently . 
  that state is a huge aerospace hub . 
  apache 's , blackhawks , and various jets are routinely seen in the phoenix area . 
  luke airforce base is there , so is the plant that makes apache 's , and the deserts of arizona are huge testing grounds . 
  south in tucson there is davis monthan airforce base , and the bomber grave yard where thousands of jets and airplanes are just sitting out there , moth balled in the open desert . 
  russkies still go there every year to verify they have been decommissioned . 
  never seen any army vehicles though , just tons of different aircraft . 
  it 's kinda cool see them fly around actually . 
  as far as i know , that 's the way the usually do it . 
  i do n't care how they display the medal count , as long as they are consistent . 
  otherwise you can get in situations like these , where there can be perceived bias where there may not actually be any . 
  but i do n't really care enough to go through all of nbc 's previous lists of medal counts to verify that . 
  it 's also called a few other things besides the world series , like the fall classic . 
  plus there is a canadian team too  , so i guess you could find some justification for calling it the world series if you 're into that kinda thing . 
  damn . 
  you guys have been killing each other for nearly 1000 years . 
  are you really surprised then that your two nations are n't really best friends ? 
   just wonder what his professors would say about it .
