  this is a satirical article , but i was particularly amused by this part :  best of all , britain would regain its empire , including -- since it spoke english first -- the united states . 
  it would , obviously , give barack obama a prestigious position -- keeper of the woolsack how generous . 
  i 'm sure the president would be proud of his new found title . 
  well he kinda says it in the interview :  italy will never be a normal country . 
  because italy is italy . 
  if we were a normal country , we would n't have rome . 
  we would n't have florence . 
  we would n't have the marvel that is venice . 
  there is in the dna of the italians a bit of madness , which in the overwhelming majority of cases is positive . 
  it is genius . 
  it is talent . 
  it 's the masterpieces of art . 
  it 's the food , fashion , everything that makes italy great in the world . 
   but then , we 're not a normal country because we have a complicated bureaucracy , a political system that 's appalling . 
  we have twice as many parliamentarians as the united states . 
  we pay some presidents of [ administrative ] regions more than the united states pays its president . 
  we would like to make italy a normal country from the point of view of the political system . 
  i think that is probably the most common reasoning in european circles . 
  and honestly , it 's kinda hard to argue against that . 
  war is still a distant prospect , but economic recession is a very visible prospect . 
  it 's hard to justify allocating resources to counter a threat that * may * happen , when those same resources are needed to counter a threat that * is * happening . 
  it just so happens that an economic crisis is coinciding with a geopolitical one . 
  this would n't be such a polarizing and contentious debate if there was only an economic or a geopolitical crisis . 
  oops . 
  upon second look , that 's exactly what they 're doing . 
  just ignore my previous comment . 
  is that a dead guy just chilling in the street in picture 5 ? 
  those people seem to be pretty relaxed about it . 
  i 'd probably at least drag the corpse a few meters away from the bus stop . 
  those things start to stink after a while . 
  really ? 
  that sucks . 
  it makes the whole thing come off as shallow and immature if that 's the case . 
  sad . 
  bringing politics into a performance competition and hating on someone because of where they are from . 
  poor girls , ca n't they just let them be singers for the evening , and not the embodiment of their country ? 
   korwin-mikke wants to shut down the `` socialist '' eu . 
  he would also like to deprive women of their right to vote . 
  he is in favour of capital punishment and a ban on abortion , against civil partnerships and * the presence of people with disabilities in public life . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a politician advocate banning cripples from being in public . 
  these are the great political issues of our times that no one is talking about . 
  too much nonsense about monetary policy , and not enough cripple bashing . 
  mexico is one of our largest sources of oil ... and drugs . 
  but that 's a wole different issue, 
  wow . 
  i think an invasion of nevada is imminent . 
  must be going after [ cliven bundy ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21601298-misguided-insurrection-revives-old-debate-about-land-west-cowboys-v-feds ) . 
  oh ... you did make the map . 
  thanks ... and sorry i guess : /, 
  you said that two hours ago !, 
  where 's the damn map !, 
  if you add the us to the eu , then the us could never surpass the eu ... * whoa !, 
  but you could be forgiven for making that mistake since one of the prime contractors was bae . 
  but bae basically behaves as an american contractor in america . 
  bae has many facilities in the us , and develops many different weapons platforms , but the entire workforce is american . 
   forgive me but is n't it a bit hypocritical of the us defence secretary to lecture europeans on spending inefficiency ? 
  is that really relevant ? 
  hypocrites can be right you know . 
   most canadians i know , however , are counting on the usa to go to war for us , i know this . 
  really ? 
  why would canadians just assume this ? 
  and are they okay with this ( i.e. 
  are they content letting another country defend canadian interests ), 
  is this the thread where we all whip out our cocks and wave it around ? 
  europe has been sending it 's population abroad for several centuries now . 
  look at the hundreds of millions of white people in north america , and europeans being everywhere from brazil , argentina , south america , australia , new zealand etc. . . 
  if there is one thing europe knows , it 's coping with emigration . 
  my point is , poland will be fine . 
  it might be tough , but it will manage . 
  poland has lost much of it 's population by war and emigration , yet it 's still here . 
  except of course the anti-anti-anti-usa circlejerk . 
  lol . 
  an american idea ? 
  it was n't my country that slashed it 's defense spending , neutered it 's military , and signed gas deals with russia making it completely helpless . 
  that lady just sent a chill down my spine . 
  do n't bother responding to this comment , i 'll be hiding under my bed for the next week , too scared to emerge . 
  well i certainly do n't think `` death to millions ! '', 
  was a rallying cry for the average soviet citizen . 
  flags are just symbols . 
  symbols mean different things to different people . 
  for you , the hammer and sickle may represent totalitarianism , but to russians , it means something else . 
  those people out there are out there to celebrate past russian glory . 
  that does n't mean they are demanding gulags to be brought back . 
   russia has never gone through desovietization processes . 
  were they ever supposed to ? 
  according to who ? 
  do n't other european countries have similar views concerning `` free speech '' ? 
  i did n't think the uk was any better or any worse than other countries in the eu . 
  fair enough . 
  but not only do i seldom see `` anglo saxon '' used by itself ( i.e. 
  outside of that acronym ) , i also rarely see that acronym thrown about at all anymore . 
  that 's also slowly dying out . 
  i never really thought that either `` continental '' or `` anglo-saxon '' had any allusions towards , or connotations of `` barbarian '' . 
  i just figured continental was a benign term for europeans living in well ... europe , and that the term anglo-saxon was simply a vestigial artifact from a time period long gone that simply has n't been retired yet . 
  i never really associated either term with any negative . 
  but then again , i do n't live over there so i am unaccustomed to * how * those terms are used . 
  interesting . 
  the term anglo-saxon is virtually non-existent in the us , unless referring to a very specific period of british history . 
  i 'm not sure if i have ever heard that term here refer to modern day english speakers . 
  it would just be bizarre to use here ( and australia , canada , and the uk ) because few people in these places are purely of anglo-saxon heritage .
