  these variations between states are very diverse . 
  add into that each states scholarship programs and the situation is even more complex . 
  the reason you do n't hear much from the people who went to school for free/extremely cheap is because they do n't have anything to complain about . 
  also , if you grew up in one state , and decided to go a public school in a different state , your tuition will effectively double . 
  since your families tax dollars only subsidize public universities in your state , going to a public university in another state means you basically pay more to effectively pay back taxes to that state . 
  tl/dr it 's really fucking complicated , and ranges from free to expensive depending on the individual and the state . 
  yeah , i should have just left your original comment alone . 
  nobody is an expert on every field , or even a single field . 
  making statements that are over simplified and generalize is kind of necessary on reddit . 
  to capture the whole picture would require a book , not a small reddit post . 
  it should also be obvious that when someone makes a statement , that what they are saying is often broadly correct , and of course there are exceptions to everything . 
  sometimes when i see someone 's comment that contains a generalizing statement , i need to keep that in mind . 
  nobody is an expert in everything , and of course there exceptions there are exceptions . 
  adding all the caveats necessary to make a comment precise is too damn wordy half the time for a reddit post . 
  this is true to some extent , and it gets complicated when you are comparing different states as well . 
  there are also different prices for the same university depending on if you are a resident if that state or you are an out of state resident . 
  furthermore , states like nevada let every student with above a 3.0 ( basically averaging at b if you are familiar.with our grading system ) , or my home state that sends students to university for free if they place in the top 20 % . 
  i am sure the system varies widly in europe as well but it seems like a common theme in europe is that college is free/very cheap * if * you place high enough in school to qualify . 
  i am assuming i am simplifying things greatly but i 'm under the impression that universities broadly work that way in europe . 
  the difference in the us is that pretty much anybody can go to college if you want . 
  but after your states specific cut off , you pay full tuition . 
  this full tuition varies drastically by state . 
  but you can always offset costs by going to community colleges , applying for scholarships , etc. ... 
  i went to college with a girl who earned nearly $ 10,000 / yr in scholarships after the cost of tuition . 
  anyways , sorry for the distracting the conversation this much just to say `` it 's complicated '' . 
  i kind of high jacked a thread about spanish unemployment and turned it into america 's complicated college pricing . 
   but not super duper costly as in usa is it considered acceptable to say this in europe without being called out on your bullshit ? 
  college in the us ranges from free/getting paid to go to extremely expensive . 
  it is only super expensive if you go to a private school . 
  every time i hear that college is super expensive , i think to myself . 
  `` then why was my engineering degree absolutely free , and why did almost none of my friends i went to college with pay anything ? '' . 
  sorry but i get bothered when i see that . 
  it would be like listening to someone complain about car payments , only to find out they bought a ferrari when they could have bought a kia . 
  i 'm glad i enjoyed the article as well , and thanks for posting it . 
  most of the time when an article is posted here with a similar theme , they do not go into depth and just quote an american general who just says `` europe needs to fucking pay more '' and the thread turns into a semen crusted circle jerk . 
  but this article actually got into the whole spectrum of view points . 
  it 's really easy to dismiss the role of the history of the neighborhood plays in a country 's defensive priorities . 
  i guess america has been to war with it 's neighbors too , but that 's completely different . 
  the fact that we even went to war with those countries seems like an amusing anecdote of history at this point . 
  europe has been fighting forever * and * is in a historically rough part of the world . 
  it 's a fascinating situation . 
  no wonder it is so difficult to achieve a common vision . 
  i wonder if that 's norway 's way of trolling the world . 
  but they 're the only ones who get the humor . 
  the whole country is in on the joke . 
  every once in a while , someone comes along and posts an article that is actually informative and really interesting . 
  that was definitely both . 
  i wanted to quote parts of it , but i realized i 'd be quoting the whole thing . 
  there are so many nuances to the current/historical views on security/defense in the european mosiac . 
  good luck to whoever ends up drafting the common security strategy . 
  i would not want to be a part of those negotiations . 
  that 's reddit for you . 
  it would be nice if people here were n't so relentlessly bias . 
  you would actually get more substance in the conversations . 
  it was fucking stupid . 
  first that , then the eu . 
  maybe even paul krugman too . 
  i feel like the nobel prize has been reduced to a popularity contest . 
  where were these voices when they handed him the prize for doing nothing ? 
  he should n't have got one in the first place . 
  so many countries feigned outrage over this issue . 
  i wonder what the leaders will say once it is shown that they were complicit . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i totally understand why it 's cool that your country has some balls on the world stage and does n't get itself pushed around . 
  nukes are fucking awesome . 
  you frenchies are just too damn proud for our bombs . 
  you guys are a bunch of nuke snobs . 
  exactly . 
  and i do n't remember getting a `` thank you '' note for the few hundred nukes we gave 'em either . 
  some people are so ungrateful . 
  thanks for the link . 
  there 's some interesting stuff here :  of the three nuclear powers in nato ( france , the united kingdom and the united states ) , only the united states has provided weapons for nuclear sharing . 
  as of november 2009 [ update ] , belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands and turkey are still hosting u.s. nuclear weapons as part of nato 's nuclear sharing policy . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] canada hosted weapons until 1984 , [ 3 ] and greece until 2001 . 
  [ 1 ] [ 4 ] the united kingdom also received u.s. tactical nuclear weapons such as nuclear artillery and lance missiles until 1992 , despite the uk being a nuclear weapons state in its own right ; these were mainly deployed in germany . 
  ...  as of 2005 , 180 tactical b61 nuclear bombs of the 480 u.s. nuclear weapons believed to be deployed in europe fall under the nuclear sharing arrangement . 
  [ 5 ] the weapons are stored within a vault in hardened aircraft shelters , using the usafws3 weapon storage and security system . 
  the delivery warplanes used are f-16s and panavia tornados . 
   historically , the shared nuclear weapon delivery systems were not restricted to bombs . 
  greece used nike-hercules missiles as well as a-7 corsair ii attack aircraft . 
  canada had bomarc nuclear-armed anti-aircraft missiles , honest john surface-to-surface missiles and the air-2 genie nuclear-armed air-to-air rocket , as well as tactical nuclear bombs for the cf-104 fighter . 
  [ 3 ] pgm-19 jupiter medium range ballistic missiles were shared with italian air force units and turkish units with us dual key systems to enable the warheads . 
  [ 6 ] pgm-17 thor intermediate range ballistic missiles were forward deployed to the uk with raf crews . 
  [ 7 ] an extended version of nuclear sharing , the nato multilateral force was a plan to equip nato surface ships of the member states with ugm-27 polaris missiles , but the uk ended up purchasing the polaris missiles and using its own warheads , and the plan to equip nato surface ships was abandoned . 
  [ 8 ] i guess when it comes to nukes and your allies , sharing is caring . 
  i wonder if in some small way , germans are getting a little chubby out if this . 
  i would be surprised if there were n't several hundred american nuclear weapons throughout all of europe . 
   some akp politicians , according to a us assessment , support turkish membership in the eu for `` murky '' and `` muddled '' reasons , for example because they believe turkey must spread islam in europe . 
  a us dispatch from late 2004 reports that a member of a leading akp think tank said that turkey 's role is `` to take back andalusia and avenge the defeat at the siege of vienna in 1683 . '', 
  i am not so sure turkey and the rest of europe have the same sentiment when it comes to this issue . 
  he 's the president of the united states . 
  that 's pretty much the job description . 
  this is n't that cool . 
  trust me , he 's given a bunch of speeches in my country and hardly anybody notices anymore . 
  why are so many countries near russia constantly trying to get away from their influence ? 
  why not just embrace mother russia ? 
  they seem like a decent country to have on your side . 
  i wish america was a tiny , weak country bordering russia . 
  1 ) i have health insurance . 
  it is cheap at less than 2 % of my income .
