  this gives the nation and region its shape . 
  so yes , borders are integral part of geography , therefore geopolitics . 
  countries do n't just assert dominance over mountain ranges or oil reserves , they also assert dominance over lines on a map . 
  thanks !, 
  that was pretty cool . 
  but damn ... i feel so tempted to make some sort of sexual joke now ... but i have to remind myself that i 'm all grown up now and that time in my life has passed . 
  maybe someone else can do it for me . 
  violation of sovereignty occurs from definition # 1 of the definition you provided . 
  maintaining control of one 's borders is pretty much the first and foremost task of a sovereign nation . 
  if a nation can not control it 's borders , it can not maintain sovereignty . 
  that 's like rule number one in geopolitics . 
  oh shit ... that must take a long time . 
  well , at least it works i guess . 
  yeah i 've never heard of that either . 
  i 'm now imagining either a tiny train , or the world 's longest ferry . 
  not sure how that works at all . 
  yes . 
  he is very committed to being an idiot . 
  he 's got some serious persistence and dedication . 
  i 'll give him that . 
  you 've already slipped into extremism if you think you 're the last non-nazi on earth . 
  i can see where this is going . 
  there 's no point in talking to you anymore . 
  you have achieved your objective : destroying any chance at dialog by calling people nazis . 
  i hope you feel good about your self . 
  that 's your best comeback ? 
  anyone who disagrees with you is a nazi ? 
  and since when has maintaining control over your borders been associated with nazis ? 
  that has been a facet of every nation or empire for millennia now . 
  sensiaswag : everyone is a nazi but me !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  those `` brown people '' are using one country 's rail network to violate the sovereignty of another country . 
  this is highly illegal , and denmark could be considered complicit with violating another nation 's laws if it does not do so . 
  the situation must be taken under control . 
  order must be restored . 
  this is clearly an issue of national security . 
  and also , thanks for informing me that hundreds or thousands of people is now considered a `` few '' . 
  my whole life i thought a `` few '' meant like 3 or 4 . 
  i actually just did some research to clarify this by googling the definition of '' [ few ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=few&amp;oq=few&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.544j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8 ) '' : * a small number of . 
  * used to emphasize how small a number of people or things is . 
  yup . 
  looks like this most certainly does not constitute a `` few '' people . 
  jesus ... i would love to see what a country would look like if you ran it . 
  it would implode within a week and you would be cheering since you at least appeared open minded and progressive while your country collapsed . 
  at least he 's honest and does n't have to dance around the issue with vague allusions . 
  plus , countries get to decide who they let into their country , and under what circumstances . 
  no country owes any other a country an explanation . 
  if religion is a criteria they choose , so be it . 
   on the other hand , how would you react if someone told you you were n't allowed to go where you pleased ? 
  not bad at all . 
  no one is allowed to go where they please . 
  if i travel , i need a passport and visas . 
  if i want to live somewhere , i must pass through immigration services and meet a list of demanding requirements , usually with proof of a job offer and thousands of dollars in the bank . 
  that 's reality , no person on earth has universal free movement . 
  that does n't mean they 're a prisoner just because they ca n't go where they please . 
  there are other ways to address that . 
  fucking more is one of those ways , and it 's a lot more fun . 
  yeah , no . 
  i ca n't imagine what the reaction would be if the us deployed its military against muslims ... 
  in europe . 
  help with what ? 
  securing the border ? 
  do you think that would be politically possible ? 
  and could your country even do that , or would the eu need to get involved ? 
  it will happen at some point . 
  it 's an inevitability . 
  if a country thinks it 's national security is threatened , it will be forced to involve it 's military . 
  not comparable at all . 
  ww2 migration into the us involved europeans moving into a country that was populated by people who were of european descent themselves . 
  most of the american population at that time could trace their ancestry back to europe within three generations . 
  european -  american migration has involved similar people . 
  african/middle eastern -  european migration involves dissimilar people . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd freak the fuck out if we got sudden , mass migration of people from those areas also . 
  we are comfortable with lower levels of migration from those regions , but not unlimited numbers . 
   to even so much as doubt for one millisecond that someone with a german passport is not german is a toxic and deadly belief . 
  what have i done now ? 
  i doubted for an entire 3 seconds ... how many people did i just kill my toxins ? 
  / u/trucidator is completely right here . 
  you 're imagining prejudiced statements that are n't there , and the only one coming across as a judgmental prick is you . 
  i have disagreed with a lot of what you have said in this thread , but i think you 're 100 % right here . 
  i do n't think you can find many people who would think that the iraqi war and the following occupation/rebuilding of iraq war was executed well . 
  it was pretty much a shit show all around . 
   we 've completely forgotten about the extremely important phase of rebuilding a country . 
  actually , hundreds of billions of dollars were invested into rebuilding that country alongside a decade of occupation trying to restore the government and services and rebuilding infrastructure ... the iraqi parliament voted to kick westerners out . 
  rebuilding the country was clearly a failure , but it was not at all forgotten about . 
  it was one of the biggest priorities of the countries involved in that war . 
  that must be why you keep on commenting in a thread that is discussing an issue you apparently do n't care about . 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  other people do though . 
  hence , the entire point of this thread with over 500 current comments . 
  is there a reason to exclude them ? 
  do you ? 
  he is proportionally banning far more users than anyone else . 
  you seem to think it 's because he 's on reddit 5x 's more than other mods . 
  i think it 's because he 's power tripping . 
  i think this way because he also banned me for a month for idiotic reasons . 
  i dunno , i 've talked to other people who did n't think he was bad until they get arbitrarily banned . 
  maybe you would change your mind if you find yourself on his bad side like hundreds of other users . 
  you are being deliberately obstinate . 
  he has banned 500 users . 
  the next closest mod is less than 100 .
