  whereas i think the chances of any of this actually happening are close to zero , it would be interesting to see this happen . 
  it would certainly shake things up a little . 
  i wonder how this would go down in the creditor countries ? 
  pretty poorly i assume . 
  that dude was amazing . 
  he has some serious balls . 
  oh god that would be hilarious if that was true . 
  i was very much joking about how nice it was under the soviets . 
  i am not sure if my views with russia is minority/majority . 
  most people here would have views that range from apathy to suspicion . 
  on a side note , i have a friend from latvia . 
  any time he talks about his country , the russians come up ( either because of the sizeable russian population in latvia , or the big bad country of russia itself ) . 
  needless to say , he does n't have many nice things to about them . 
  i understand your perspective ( or i try to at least ) . 
  i probably would n't like what russia did to my people if i was you either . 
  and unfortunately , you ca n't really move your country somewhere else , so i guess it would be doubly upsetting knowing that the russian problem will never go away . 
  those are the same reasons why the view of russia in america is n't nearly as negative . 
  we fought in ww2 as allies . 
  we never were on the receiving end of their might . 
  no destruction , no occupation . 
  we are also on the other side of the planet , safely protected by vast oceans . 
  so hating the russians is quite unnatural . 
  we have no reason to dislike them . 
  being suspicous of their motives ? 
  yes . 
  hating or disliking them ? 
  probably not . 
  it might annoy you to also know that their is actually a begrudging respect with russia . 
  we know they ca n't be bullied . 
  and they have made significant contributions to humanity with their incredible strides in science and engineering . 
  case in point , we are currently hitch hiking our way to space via the russians . 
   or , y' know , was occupied by russia at the time  come on now . 
  the russkies were n't that bad  . 
  cut the occupiers a little slack . 
  it is n't easy ruling an empire . 
  what were doing in the bushes ? 
  meddling in local affairs ? 
  whispering into a politicians ear ? 
  hatching plots to sabotage the west ? 
  passed out drunk from vodka ? 
  i suppose . 
  but i am still skeptical of the suspicion of russia . 
  i see it as very similar to how arabs see a zionist conspiracy behind everything . 
  then again , i do n't live in europe . 
  i was n't raised in a country that has a bad history with russia . 
  and i certainly have no idea what it is like to be a country in russia 's `` near area '' . 
  so from my point of view , it is hard to tell what is simply conspiracy or fear bating , or if there are actually instances of russian meddling or russians asserting their power . 
  wow . 
  some of you guys seem to see a russian behind every bush , orchestrating every scandal in eastern european countries , and being a perpetual source of fear . 
  i think it is you guys who `` still consider '' russia to be the soviet steamroller of yesteryear . 
  those days are long gone . 
   the whole economy has to be rebuilt , and that takes time , and entirely different political measures . 
  i agree . 
  but time is a luxury no one has . 
  time is what is driving people into penury . 
  with each month bringing deteriorating employment figures , shrinking gdp , and debt that is sky rocketing , how the hell do you tell the citizens of a nation `` only five more years of this and we 'll start to turn around '' . 
  these countries do n't seem able to sustain these pressures much longer , let alone several more years of getting worse before it gets better . 
  so what can be done ? 
  i am convinced no one knows the answer to that question . 
  most of these are incredibly petty : 10 ) ' lazy ' french workers . 
  i do n't know why , but i found this story to be rather amusing . 
  9 ) roman polanski and the `` scary america . ''  for 30 years us officials tracked him until his 2008 arrest in zurich . 
  `` there 's an america we love and an america that scares us . 
  it 's the latter america that just showed its face , '' said france 's horrified culture minister . 
  this one is the only one on the list that confuses me . 
  why the fuck would france feel so much pride about sheltering a man who anal raped a 13 year old ? 
  why would they be scared of the american face that wanted to extradite this guy ? 
  8 ) a ros\u00e9 by any other name ( issue relating to us wines using french names ) . 
  i can see why this would annoy the french . 
  7 ) hollywood and the `` cultural exception . '' very petty , but ultimately not a big deal . 
  i do n't really give a shit about the us having an even larger media market in europe . 
  6 ) orange cheese and red tape . 
   after 20 years of importation , french makers of mimolette cheese were shocked in march to find the * us food and drug administration had blockaded a tonne of it at the ports , citing an `` allergy risk '' from the microscopic mites used to give mimolette its flavour * . 
  cue online outrage and street protests in new york ( pictured . ), 
  `` the country that invented twinkies , pop-tarts etc. 
  calls cheese ` unfit for food , ''' said one bemused reader of the local . 
  lol . 
  that is pettiness , protectionism , and just plain silliness on an epic scale . 
  5 ) quasi-war . 
  the us basically repaid france for the help it recieved in the war of independence by giving it the middle finger when france needed help . 
  not exactly the best way to accrue friends to your side when you 're a fledgling nation . 
  4 ) . `` he speaks french , too ! '' john kerry speaks french . 
  some people made fun of him for it . 
  whatever . 
  3 ) loose lips : american female spy tells french dude she 's fucking that she is a soy . 
  political fallout ensues . 
  2 ) de gaulle goes nuclear whatever 1 ) the fries formally known as ` french . ' ( aka freedom fries ) possibly one of the lowest points i can remember about the us . 
  in reality it was blown way out of proportion , and mainly existed in the minds of the media since i never heard anyone do anything but ridicule the idea . 
  nonetheless , some jackasses took it seriously ( for about a month ) , and embarassed 300 million people . 
  honestly if those were the top 10 spats , that 's not really that bad . 
  most of those things should n't had been a big deal at all . 
  the only one of any true consequences is probably de gaulle telling nato to fuck off . 
  i 'd rather see a top 10 list of scraps between the uk and france . 
   kyriakos mitsotakis , the public administration minister , must sack 4,000 public employees this year and another 11,000 in 2014 . 
  first to go will be 2,000 state-television staff , followed by municipal police officers , hospital workers and vocational-training teachers . 
  ** the old life in the civil service , with higher salaries and fewer hours than in the private sector , is over . 
  ** `` the game has changed for good , '' says mr mitsotakis . 
  somehow i doubt that . 
  let 's hope it 's true , but i 'll believe it when i see it . 
   yet there are few signs of an economic recovery .
