  i feel like our junk washes up on other peoples ' shores . 
  unique aspects of your culture rarely translate successfully abroad . 
  only the most generic crap translates across borders since it appeals to the most basic parts of any society . 
  i can definitely understand your concerns . 
  the world would be much worse off if everywhere was the same . 
  the problem is , i think the free trade agreement would be great for everyone . 
  it 's hard to think of what an acceptable compromise would be . 
  fair enough . 
  but people choose what they want to . 
  i guess i have a different perspective . 
  people evidently want to watch american movies . 
  if they did n't like them , they would n't watch them . 
  if people wanted to watch more french movies , they would . 
  maybe european countries simply do n't make enough movies , and the 65 % of movies that are american represent extra movies that the local economy has the capacity to consume . 
  if those american movies were n't there , who 's to say that a european movie would take it 's place ? 
  by the way , i 'm not suggesting my opinion or thoughts are correct . 
  i do n't live in europe . 
  i 've never even been to europe . 
  i 'm just throwing some thoughts out there . 
  i am definitely not an expert on the european film industry . 
  i 'm just stating that the global economy is changing drastically , and it will continue to do so . 
  i do n't see our living standards sliding . 
  i think we could be more prosperous than our parents . 
  but i do believe something are definitely going to change about society . 
  it could be worse , it could be better . 
  it depends on how we respond . 
  how we navigate the upcoming decades will be crucial . 
  1 ) i totally sympathize with you , but our generation is not gon na have it easy . 
  there will be immense amount of change in the future . 
  our countries are all drowning in debt . 
  the economy is poor in europe and america . 
  new countries are emerging as powers to be reckoned with . 
  there are some things we will all have to say goodbye to it . 
  a lot of people are worried about this , i am , we all are . 
  we have to accept the new reality . 
  if we can do that , we can reevaluate how we run everything . 
  i honestly think we can have an extremely prosperous future if we leverage the immense potential that has made the west the undisputed masters of the world for several centuries . 
  but things will change , we just need to respond in the right way . 
  2 ) speaking of change , things are going to need to change in the eurozone soon . 
  i can not imagine how many months people can let go by while the situation deteriorates . 
  what 's going on in spain is just depressing . 
  i 'm probably sounding too negative because i live an ocean away and do n't know how things really are . 
  i 'm rambling now ... off i go . 
  i totally agree man . 
  plus , if you have a full time job , you usually start with 2 weeks paid vacation on top of 13 holidays . 
  that 's 27 days , which is n't that far off from a lot of european countries . 
  i feel like i have a good enough amount of time off . 
  i 'm certainly not complaining . 
  they 're moving production to a pre-existing plant . 
  it will certainly be great for the workers that get those jobs . 
  i know it 's a drop in the bucket , but it 's better than nothing . 
  fyi i noticed we are talking to each other in two different threads . 
  feel free to consolidate your responses into one comment ( that is , if you plan on responding at all ) . 
  but i 'm usually the * one * guy that does n't get the memo . 
  you do n't have to totally get rid of it , but it may have to be reduced . 
  it sucks , but reality is reality . 
  it usually comes to a point where there are only two options : lose your job , or take some cuts . 
  it 's already happened in america . 
  thousands of auto workers lost their jobs because they refused these cuts . 
  fortunately many of these jobs have come back , but not all . 
  you can only delay reality for so long . 
  the era of generous benefits will probably die with our parents . 
  whether you want to admit it or not , but globalization is here to stay . 
  you 're not competing against first world countries anymore , you 're competing with billions now . 
  the world has changed . 
  adapt or die . 
  that 's life . 
  have n't there been a number of vehicle manufacturing factories that have or are being built in spain ? 
  i know ford is opening a factory there . 
  how the hell would a flood of crappy super hero movies destroy france 's film industry ? 
  french people will always want to watch french movies , listen to french music , and in general consume french culture . 
  the same goes for every european country . 
  i think this fear that american culture will usurp every other culture is greatly exaggerated . 
  you might be surprised to find that the living standards in america are rather high . 
  we 're not exactly bangladesh . 
  that movie came out like twenty years ago . 
  and i have no recollection of them saying he was from estonia . 
  also , everyone i know who has seen that movie has tried their best to forget . 
  i did . 
  and you just reminded . 
  i 'm off to the bar to forget again . 
  thanks for the info . 
  we have a shortage of labor too because everyone tries to go regardless if they are mature enough or a good enough student . 
  fortunately , we border mexico . 
  they offset the lack of labor and have delicious food/alcohol . 
  that makes sense . 
  i just was n't sure if the weed out process happened earlier like at 16 , where some students are put on some sort of path towards an apprenticeship , and some are put on a path to university . 
  this does n't seem to be the case . 
  just out of curiosity , does this apply to every student ? 
  as in , are any students filtered into a different system if they are poor students ? 
  or does every student have these opportunities ? 
  do n't be . 
  how the hell are you supposed to know how complex the situation is ? 
  i 'm sorry for calling you out . 
  there was a little bit of truth in what you said . 
  this is where it becomes almost too damn complex to really get a good sense of how much public schools cost . 
  take arizona and california for example . 
  these states border each other . 
  when i went to college , tuition in arizona was around $ 5000/yr if you paid full , in state tuition . 
  in california , it was about $ 18,000 / yr .
