  ( and having ukraine in the customs union would be `` a guaranteed headache '' , like britain in the eu , he adds . ), 
   but bullying ukraine is likely to alienate it further and will stoke tension with the eu , which like america has been appalled by russia 's anti-gay law . 
  germany , once russia 's cheerleader , is now its most vocal critic . 
  that will be bad for business ( the eu is by far russia 's biggest trading partner ) . 
  it may also doom the regime 's aim , stoked by self-interest , of persuading the eu to offer visa-free entry for holders of official passports . 
   whatever the kremlin says , members of russia 's educated and affluent middle class continue to look west . 
  ** russia 's rulers greatest weakness is the lack of anything positive that could attract their own people or outsiders . 
  for all his talk of outfitting russia for a changing world , mr putin chiefly conveys a deep fear of disturbing the fragile status quo . 
  that is pushing the country backwards . 
  ** i think this last point is pretty spot on . 
  a lot of russia 's recent behavior makes sense when you think of it in this context . 
  russia really is n't advertising itself as anything other than `` not the west '' . 
  it really is n't bringing any new ideals to the table , it is n't really a hub of innovation , and not many people on the outside see russia as a desirable place to live , for reasons that are entirely manufactured by the russian government itself . 
  this is the only comment i understand in this thread . 
  i understand where you 're coming from . 
  i do n't think you 're going on an ideological tirade . 
  you are disgusted by a practice you find barbaric . 
  if that 's how you feel , well that 's how you feel . 
  i guess i just do n't let that stuff bother me . 
  you can be interested , but not pass judgement . 
  i noticed you 're american , i am too . 
  we do things one way here , people do different things there . 
  different strokes for different folks is the way i look at it . 
  i hear there 's a place in europe where the locals toss a goat or some shit off the top of a building for some sort of annual celebration . 
  it leaves a hell of a mess , but it does n't bother me much . 
  why does it bother what other people are doing in a different country ? 
  why would i care what they do ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  i dunno about that . 
  have gypsies ever tried hanging out with bedouins ? 
  they might be compatible . 
  yeah we kind of took our sweet ass time with that hippy shit . 
  no need to rush into equality , who can predict what the side effects of that would be ? 
  how many european countries had sizeable populations of black people 80 years ago ? 
  that 's kind of like saying europeans are less racist against mexicans , or americans are less racist towards gypsies . 
  those comparisons are n't really useful because america does n't have that many gypsies , and europe of 80 years ago did n't have that many black people . 
   well gypsy beggars often inject the babies with heroin and give them alcohol in their milk to keep them quiet all day . 
  what the fuck ? 
  god damn gypsies ... 
  there should be a website that tracks , and catalogues all the different gypsy tricks so people can learn about them , and be ready when they come to their town or city instead of learning the hard way . 
  it seems like gypsies will use anything available to them to incorporate into their schemes , even infants . 
  what the hell is wrong with these people ? 
  what a crazy , bizarre culture . 
  i do n't know why i watched that video , but those gypsies were fucking gross . 
  i at least thought they had the decency to shit in toilets , or maybe even an outhouse , but shitting in your fucking rat infested yard is whole new level of disgusting filth . 
  the 2:24 mark where then women sprayed urine out of her nasty gyspy twat was pretty special as well . 
  those crazy gyspy bastards live like fucking animals . 
  edit : hilarious comment from the video :  beneath humans , beneath animals , unfortunately however , still above ground . 
  are there any european countries bordering russia that is n't being threatened to have their fuel shut off ? 
  having your neighbor threaten to freeze you to death in your own home is a total bummer . 
  has russia ever heard the saying `` you get more bees with honey than you do vinegar '' ? 
  are n't these games ultimately self defeating ? 
  damn son . 
  that 's pretty intricate . 
  thanks for the info . 
  how do you know all these details , are you one of those derided eu beaurocrats , 
  i think that 's what most of us want . 
  but how it is stopped , and what comes after are the difficult questions . 
  the whole thing is a fucking shit show with no good solutions . 
  great response !, 
  thanks for the info . 
   the european commission , ecb and ( whenever possible ) imf will assess the financing needs of the country , sustainability of its debt , and will negotiate with the country the conditions of the assistance . 
  i was under the impression that this was already done . 
  that portugal was already under the supervision of the so-called troika until they got their deficit spending to 3 % . 
  and if there are options such as these :  stability support loan within a macro-economic adjustment programme ( sovereign bailout loan ) primary market support facility ( pmsf ) secondary market support facility ( smsf ) have they been implemented yet in any country ? 
  i know a number of the pgsii countries have already recieved support in some fashion . 
  i was under the impression that these were loans to these countries at lower rates than they could get on the bond markets , but came with strict conditions . 
  were any of the previous loans disbersed to these countries one of the three options you mentioned above ? 
   i 'll be completely honest : i have no idea where i stand on this issue . 
  i think several billion people would agree with this sentence . 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
   `` i have no doubt that portugal will return to recession fairly soon and that we will remain there throughout 2014 , '' said joao galamba , an economist and mp for the opposition socialist party . 
  ** `` portugal is completely dependent on discourse in europe and as long as they continue to promulgate the point that portugal is a success story and give it everything it needs to survive then we should n't have a problem . '' ** that ca n't be good . 
  being totally reliant on `` discourse '' about you is sounding pretty desperate . 
  portugal 's only ray of hope is for people to say good things about ??? 
  that 's not very reassuring . 
   but he is among those who believe portugal is a long way off being able to finance itself and that a second bail-out is inevitable in all but name . 
   `` portugal will not be able to finance itself when it has to return to the markets unless it has the european funding vehicles behind it , '' mr galamba said . 
   `` we will be completely reliant on support from european institutions for external funding for the next few years . '' what does this support look like ? 
  european institutions just forked over a grip of cash to greece , how many countries can it keep on life support ? 
  if you are `` completely reliant '' on those institutions , what happens when these institutions fail to deliver these external fundings ? 
   the government predicts an overall contraction of 2.3 pc this year and possible growth of just 0.6 pc by end of 2014 , ** a view deemed optimistic by many . 
  ** so zero growth is more likely i take it . 
  it 's sad when 0.6 % growth is `` optimistic ''  unlike the riots on athens ' streets or the demonstrations in spain , the portuguese have reacted relatively calmly . 
  how much longer , i wonder ? 
  what were the last two comments supposed to mean ? 
  i am guessing i am missing some sort of historical/cultural context here . 
  i have no idea what any of that meant . 
   if we do act we 'll be hated . 
  indeed . 
  we will not only be hated by those we oppose in syria , but if history is any lesson , those we support will still hate us for not acting earlier . 
  if hate is what we get , i say we earn that hatred with as little expenditure as possible . 
  for once let 's just watch from the sidelines . 
  our country never aspired to be globocop . 
  i concur wholeheartedly , but i obama should have kept his mouth shut earlier . 
  that red-line comment will come back to haunt him . 
  i personally would rather have him be real and say something along the lines of `` that was last year , this is now , and the situation has changed dramatically since last year . 
  therefore , or response will change '' . 
  but nonetheless , expect to hear cries from the crowd that `` obama is not a man of his word .
