  i really was n't expecting you to take the time to write all that . 
  i do n't really have anything to reply with since i do n't know enough about france 's political scene to have an opinion on those matters . 
  i can begin to understand where you are coming from , and why articles like these would bother you . 
  if you think his article 's purpose was to drive youth away to prevent them from voting for revolutionary parties , well that is certainly an interesting perspective and an opinion i have n't really heard expressed before . 
  as to the other stuff , i 'm not really able to comment on that since i do n't live in france , and certainly do not follow france 's domestic politics . 
  maybe for someone from france , they might read an article like that differently than someone not from france . 
  once again , all i got from that article was basically `` france 's political elite need to wake up , and quit being complacent '' . 
  it seems you read that with a different frame of reference than i did , thus came away with a different opinion on the article than i did . 
  he might be an upper middle class know nothing , but you seem to be dismissing him because his heritage is n't french , but he was born there and has spent decades there . 
  i think he knows a little about france . 
  there is also the possibility that his more affluent upbringing gives him a perspective that others do n't have . 
  maybe he knows a little more about france 's inner workings , and has traveled more than most people , giving him a good frame of references . 
  plus , just because he is pointing out problems in france 's economy does n't mean he thinks it 's all garbage and everything is going to hell . 
  the main thrust of his argument was france needs to stop thinking it is too superior to need reforms . 
  there are many people that agree with that position . 
  that does n't make him retarded because he is being critical . 
  the author of the article , felix marquardt , is french and currently lives in paris . 
  but i guess he is `` some retard who does n't know anything about france '' . 
  this is the problem with bloated governments . 
  it is very hard to fix . 
  as soon as someone acts like the adult in the room and pushes the difficult cuts , they are branded evil bastards who hate teachers , cops , etc. ... and the whole government risks collapse because nobody wants their jobs/entitlements that were unsustainable in the first place to be cut . 
  everyone thinks someone else should have to suffer the consequences . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i was wondering how long they would be launching rockets on foreign soil . 
  that article says the will slowly reduce launches from baikonur after the construction of the new facility until it comprises 11 % of launches . 
  i hope they phase it out completely . 
  it would be cool to see it become a museum or something . 
  that place has so much history . 
  it seems there were about a dozen different countries trying to grant him asylum as a political/propaganda coup against the united states . 
  if it is true that he has applied for asylum in russia , i wonder if some other countries will view that as disappointing . 
  so many people trying to give the us the middle finger , but it will be the russians doing so , not the liberal western european democracies . 
  why russia ? 
  is it because he just happened ro be there , and did n't feel like traveling.the world , bringing the media circus with him everywhere he went ? . 
  or are there other story lines going on that we do n't know about ? 
  either way , this snowden saga has only just begun . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see what the next chapters bring . 
  i wonder how the russians feel about any european designs for kazakhstan . 
  that country is of immense strategic interest for russia , especially since it contains baikonur . 
  i am sure they would not like the country containing their sole space launch facility falling under europe 's sphere of influence . 
  so why is that the end of the world to some people . 
  it sounds like that team is just moving up to the big leagues . 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
   simply can not convey the enormity of it . 
  to me it 's awesome , to some the end of the world . 
  time will tell . 
  would you mind elaborating on this ? 
  what was the big deal ? 
  the rich russian buying an arena or the team moving to the khl ? 
  by the way , is the khl the russian hockey league ? 
  and is this only a big deal because both of those things involve russia ? 
  you raise a point that many do n't want to acknowledge . 
  the modern equivalent to this is the ban on those who belonged to the ba'ath party in iraq from being involved in the new government . 
  that proved to be disastrous . 
  interesting . 
  initially they were going to slap anti dumping taxes on wine , an industry restricted mostly to southern european countries . 
  this was presumably because france was spear heading the protectionist movement in the eu . 
  but now they have slapped the taxes on chemicals . 
  germany is a world leader in the chemical industry , and it forms a significant portion of their exports . 
  germany was also against the taxes on chinese solar panels because a number of german companies rely on cheap chinese solar panels for installation on businesses and homes . 
  i wonder why they changed gears here . 
  maybe i 'm looking at this wrong , but when i see `` chemicals '' i see this as basically an anti german tax . 
  note : i am aware that cheap chinese solar panels have sunk some german manufacturers , but i was under the impression that this was off set by businesses that install panels and need the cheapest goods possible . 
  if i am missing something here , please feel free to fill in the gaps . 
  edit : perhaps china is trying to stir up trouble between germany and france ? 
  maybe they think the germans will blame the french for this tax ? 
  i was n't a big fan of whoever posted that picture of a bombed out dresden . 
  that was pretty low . 
  holy fuck this thread is toxic . 
  i ca n't remember . 
  something like jp morgan suggested some crisis countries streamline their government , reduce corruption . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  jp morgan goes forward with plan to construct super laser on the moon . 
  jp morgan murders children . 
  not just some children . 
  all of them . 
  that was the same idiot ? 
  wow . 
  fuck that guy . 
  this same story has been posted here around five times already . 
  every time the headline gets sensationalized more and more . 
  it 's kind of amusing to see the evolution of the headlines . 
  next week , the headline will probably be something like `` jp morgan demands the death penalty for anyone criticizing it '' , or `` jp morgan trying to overthrow poor european governments and install brutal dictator '' . 
  i wonder what these people think when they come up with these headlines . 
  i wonder how they live with themselves knowing their entire job is misleading defenseless idiots incapable of thinking for themselves . 
  see you next week article !, 
  just do n't bomb illinois please . 
  i enjoy having all my limbs . 
  so basically if europe slaps tariffs on chinese solar panels , china will just avoid a lot of those tariffs by manufacturing the tariffed stuff outside of china , and exporting the stuff from * those * countries . 
  sneaky . 
   what would we complain about ? 
  evil russians ? 
  that might be hard to predict since the eu has consistently been adding new countries . 
  that makes it kind of a moving target . 
  but i 'm sure there are ways for factoring that in since new countries typically take a few years to get in so maybe it is n't that difficult to project the eu 's gdp a decade or two ahead . 
  honestly i have no idea . 
  i 've never even seen that comparison before . 
  i do n't know why either . 
  it would be interesting to see . 
  how do you propose containing over 1 billion people , the second largest economy in the world * , and the globes manufacturing floor ? 
  * 2nd if you look at individual countries , not unions of countries .
