  in one respect , you 're totally right . 
  most people just want a home to sleep in , enough food to eat , a decent job etc. . and everything else is just a bonus . 
  lots of other factors come into play when determining quality of life also , not everything can be reduced to the numbers you see on a paycheck . 
  that being said , some people seem shocked to see america listed as a great country to live in , and go to great lengths to downplay statistics in our favor . 
  there are lots of nice countries to live in . 
  and america is indeed a fantastic country to live in for the vast majority of people , regardless of what you see on reddit . 
  for some reason , that 's become a very contentious statement to make . 
  but it really should n't be, 
  maybe because russians can take a joke better than arabs and wo n't go blowing themselves up to prove how peaceful they are . 
   if belgium breaks up it is likely that wallonia will break up as well , with part of it preferring to go to germany , part of it to the grand duchy of luxemburg ( gdl ) and part of it to france . 
   democrats seized on the remarks as evidence that the brash billionaire was waging `` a war on women '' that could deliver a landslide to hillary clinton in the presidential election . 
  a recent opinion poll found that fewer than one in four american women view trump favourably . 
  this article swerves so far off course it 's ridiculous, 
  what 's it about ? 
  where are you studying if you do n't mind me asking . 
  you guys are a bunch of crazy wild child 's . 
  i 'm in bed by 9:30 . 
  i 'm inspired now . 
  tonight it will be 10:00 !, 
  how long have you been awake , waiting for this moment ? 
  wait ... you probably pay in shitty rubles do n't you ? 
  i do n't think mastercard takes those as payment . 
  can i be a putinbot ? 
  i have a credit card i 'm trying to pay off . 
  the un human rights council is a complete joke , no argument from me there . 
  but usually the head of the un human rights council would n't openly advocate this `` he should understand his relatives will be treated as accomplices '' . 
  they might say that behind closed doors , but they would n't be so open about such practices . 
  hell , at least the russians are honest about it instead of saying one thing then doing another . 
   singing , drinking , and having fun is the best way to combat isil sweet baby jesus . 
  do you actually think that ? 
  we will defeat isis by laughing and singing ? 
  they must be absolutely terrified of our singing and laughing !, 
  with military police and guards ? 
  have you seen a military base before ? 
  there are usually guards standing around with guns . 
  they had to get in there to begin with ... ca n't we agree that both sides failed ? 
   i suppose the us demands more security at that outer perimeter likely draw away attention to their own failings . 
  not a classic story at all . 
  the weapons were never threatened because the weapons were stored in vaults underground surrounded by reinforced concrete that can only be accessed by codes or lots of heavy duty jackhammers ( this is the us security part ) . 
  the perimeter breach was a belgian competency and that failed . 
  so no , this is a failure of belgian security , not us security . 
  yeah i thought that was amusing too . 
  usually someone on a human rights council is supposed at least be a little more diplomatic than that . 
  i guess russians do n't fuck around with appearances like a lot of western countries do . 
  i am not sure if that is precisely correct . 
  this article seems to imply that at least the perimeter of the base is supposed to be secured by belgium . 
  or at least , i 'm surprised that the authour only mentions belgian military personnel discussing the issue . 
  if it supposed to be secured by the us , why does the article talk about us military officials warning belgian military officials about lax security ? 
  why is the commander of that base mentioned in the article belgian ? 
  why is the security guard that is mentioned belgian ? 
  i think neither of us knows the full picture here . 
  that sounds awesome !, 
  i have some more questions if you do n't mind : 1 ) you mention duda answering questions in polish . 
  how do you know what was said ? 
  do you speak polish ? 
  were translations provided ? 
  2 ) your flair shows russian/us . 
  your name in the blog says kyle which is about american of a name as you can get . 
  can you explain that russian part ( i 'm not accusing you of bias or anything , just genuinely curious ) 3 ) how do you get access to these events ? 
  do you work for a media company or something ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  he 's like a drunken racist uncle . 
  i would n't mind having a beer with him, 
  that was a very well written piece , much better than the quality of posts than i 'm used to on reddit now . 
  if this president is relatively new as you say , then this visit must have made a solid impression on american officials . 
  his three foreign policies are succinct , and level headed . 
  his third one is a direct overture to the us , and he actually sounds credible on his country 's goals because he points out his country actually cares about fulfilling nato obligations . 
  and it never hurts to quote an american president :  in his closing remarks , president duda cited president john f. kennedy 's famous quote `` there are risks and costs to a program of action . 
  but they are far less than the long-range risks and costs of comfortable inaction . '', 
  that was a great choice to quote that particular quote . 
  it 's really appropriate considering the time we 're in now . 
  this duda fella seems like a solid guy ( too bad their foreign minister said something stupid about obama today or whatever that bullshit was ) hey op . 
  you were at this event ? 
  what was it like ? 
  can you give me/us details about the event and what you did there ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  great article by the way . 
  yes . 
  i am interested . 
  go on ... 
  i do n't know what the security arrangement is between belgium and the us at these facilities , but the author implies at least securing the perimeter of the facility is a responsibility of belgium 's armed forces . 
  but again , i have no clue how that works out so all i can do is speculate . 
  i 'll pretend to be an expert on many topics . 
  but claiming knowledge of nuclear weapons security is too far even for myself : b, 
  did the us pressure belgium to implement only the most basic of security ? 
  that 's a really interesting point . 
  i did n't know that . 
  but perhaps you are right . 
  maybe there would be more scrutiny about nuclear weapons safety if the government acknowledged they existed in the first place . 
  i was wondering what the purpose of that activist group was . 
  now it makes a lot of sense why they were doing what they did . 
   i wonder if 9/11 happened today , would usa 's nuclear status be questioned ? 
  absolutely , yes . 
   foreign policy is a think tank that profits from fearmongering foreign policy is a magazine that specialized in issues concerning foreign policy and national security interests . 
  i suppose you can call that `` fear mongering '' though . 
  but there job is literally to write issues about topics like this . 
  conveying information is not fear mongering . 
   but did foreign policy said anything about turkey being a failed state ? 
  i do n't know ... have you read all their articles pertaining to turkey ? 
  maybe they have ?
