  what you are thinking of when you here `` detroit '' are the places just outside the city center that have seen precipitous population declines as those residents fled to other cities , or the surrounding suburbs . 
  you can live 20 minutes from downtown detroit and live in some of the nicest areas of michigan . 
  this perception of detroit is not unique to europe . 
  i hear the same exact thing about detroit everywhere else in america . 
  but few of those people have actually been there . 
  if someone asked me to move to detroit , i would do so in instant . 
  it 's actually a great city for young people with tons of stuff to do . 
  you just got ta know where the shitty areas are and avoid them . 
  why are your 13 year old 's working : b. 
  should n't they be in school ? 
   there are gated communities and pandemic malnutrition in the us . 
  `` about 1 % of children in the united states suffer from chronic malnutrition . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://www.hopkinschildrens.org/malnutrition.aspx ) . 
  so 1 % is `` pandemic '' to you ? 
  where did you visit ? 
  i have traveled this country extensively , and lived in 6 different states , and have spent significant amounts of time in a dozen more . 
  i have absolutely never seen homelessness on a horrifying scale . 
  i have only ever seen the irredeemable drunks on the occasional street . 
  i am honestly having a hard time believing you . 
  i have a question about your links : link 1 ) what kind of environment is that ? 
  that looks more like rural poverty than the suburban `` ghettos '' i linked . 
  is that close to the city ? 
  is that more like the edges of the county ? 
  not that it really matters , just curious . 
  link 2 ) is that road the dividing line between nice areas ? 
  one side of the road looks like the houses are pretty nice , and the other side of the road looks like a damn trailer park . 
  that 's kinda odd . 
   to give an example , scotland 's number of unemployed went up recently . 
  the number of people in jobs also went up . 
  this also happens in the us when there is a big surge in employment numbers . 
  as more people get jobs , those who have given up begin looking for jobs thus increasing the unemployment numbers since the u3 metric looks at people actively looking for jobs . 
   the labour market participation rate in the us has declined , as people decide against even looking for a job . 
  in the eu the opposite is the case ; the participation rate in the eu has drastically increased , in particular amongst women , over the past two decades . 
  if the us 's participation rate had remained constant , the unemployment rates would n't be so different . 
  so this is true to an extant , but as usual it 's a little more complicated . 
  the us labor force has indeed shrunk due to people giving up looking for jobs . 
  but is has also shrunk due to vast numbers of retirees leaving the workforce for the first time . 
  as to your points about europe . 
  you mention the participation rate amongst women increasing . 
  have women historically had the same levels of participation as their us counterparts ( i think its about 70 % of women work here , not exactly sure ) , or is this a trend that is happening more recently ( god this will be complicated since i am guessing it varies significantly country to country ) . 
  also , just as america had the baby boomer generation , i am guessing europe did too , so they should also be seeing similar levels of labor force participation drop off if they are retiring in similar numbers . 
  if that is true , and levels of participation rates are increasing in europe , it seems to defy the us trend of decreasing levels of participation rates due to retirees leaving the work force . 
  i know that was worded very confusingly , hopefully you get the point i am trying to make . 
  i am basically wondering what the reason behind increasing vs. decreasing participation rates if the us and europe have similar demographic trends . 
  this is actually much more typical since there are only about ten or so major cities in the us , and 100 + mid-level cities in the us . 
  the street view image you linked is far more typical than run down apartments built 30 years ago to house the poor in the relatively few major cities we have . 
   thanks for making me reconsider my opinion of the average low income area of the us . 
  and thank you for reconsidering your opinion . 
  far too few people are willing to do that , even when confronted with facts that blatantly defy those opinions . 
   and some of these articles talk about people living in the street because of unpaid bills . 
  this is almost unfathomable ( although i am sure one can google to find an article that backs up whatever anecdote they are looking to validate ) . 
  there are almost a dozen different housing agencies in the us to address this issue , ranging from free housing to subsidized housing depending on the person 's needs . 
   tv series ? 
  there 's your problem . 
  i would never consider hollywood movies/tv series as an accurate description of life in the us . 
  every extreme is sensationalized . 
  i completely agree that the projects in major cities is what more people think of when they hear `` ghetto '' . 
  but is that accurate ? 
  how many poor people live in the top five major cities as opposed the 100 or so 2nd tier cities ? 
  which version then of a ghetto is most representative ? 
  well vast cities tend to have more beggars to begin with . 
  this is not something you see in typical cities . 
  plus , in cities such as nyc , they do not have room to offer subsudized housing so they put the poor in apartment complexes ( i.e. 
  the projects ) that concentrates poverty in a way that would not happen naturally . 
  plus , how is nyc different from other major cities ? 
  why is it that everyone i have ever known that has been to europe tells tales of the masses of beggars in cities such as rome , paris , and barcelona ? 
  i have never been there myself , so there is a certain amount of perception vs. reality . 
  so this may sound strange for you to hear , but * everyone * i know who has been to europe has made remarks about the poverty they saw in europe and how it dwarfed the poverty they saw here . 
  maybe its because they mostly visited large cities , and the city centers in those cities that naturally have larger congregations of poor people . 
  i do n't know . 
  but people have a tendency to become not see the ills that effect their home country , and are very perceptive of the ills in other countries . 
  are you talking about projects in major cities , or subsidized housing in 2nd tier cities ? 
  because many major cities have no room for subsidized housing , and cram the poor in unsightly appartment complexes that concentrate poverty . 
  in smaller , 2nd tier cities with room to expand , subsidized housing looks like this virtually everywhere . 
  this is the same i have seen in michigan , illinois , virginia , arizona , and california . 
  so i guess it depends on how you define `` typical american ghetto '' . 
  most people think of delapidated apartment buildings . 
  but most americans do not live in the top five biggest american cities . 
  most americans live in these 2nd tier cities . 
  so take your pick as to which one is `` typical '' . 
  i posted a similar link to elsewhere in the thread , but [ here ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@40.698582,-89.605089,3a,75y,193.45h,74.24t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s6kegsi-4oeke8cmhsborsg!2e0 ) is how the poor people live in my city . 
  this is mostly subsidized housing . 
  once again , what do you define as `` extreme poverty '' ? 
  and do you think the us has anything like the level of poverty that exists in countries like romania , bulgaria , and greece ? 
  i know you said `` most '' countries , but how many are you actually talking about . 
  here 's a fun anecdote that might destroy your notion of safety nets/poverty for americans : my cousin never worked a day in her life . 
  she has five children ( you get more money with each additional kid ) . 
  she lives off of government funds . 
  so what does her life look like ? 
  she has a two story home ( government provided ) , a car , two tvs , a refrigerator stocked with food provided by the government , and her kids are decently clothed , all thanks to the government provided safety net ( in no way is she well off , but her basic needs are taken care of . 
  do n't think that she can just get up and take a vacation to italy if she wants ) . 
  did you think people starved here ? 
  do you want to see a typical ghetto in a regular us city ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@40.701415,-89.605034,3a,75y,354.18h,80.71t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1swub2tsssxumbilbqffngig!2e0 ) this is the run down part of my city . 
  the houses you see here are either provided by the government for free , or are heavily subsidized . 
  this is an accurate image of poverty in the us . 
  edit : god dammit . 
  that link just goes back to the city center . 
  give me a sec to figure this shit out . 
  edit2 : i think i figured it out .
