  and if he ca n't keep up his word on this , what else can we trust him with ? '', 
  i 'd rather see obama walk away from that comment and look like a jack ass to some , than get his hands dirty for the sole reason that he said some shit last year . 
  the shitty thing is , why are we talking as if this strictly falls on the us and europe to resolve ? 
  where is the arab league ? 
  where is the rest of the un ? 
  i guess the arab version of helping involves funneling in jihadis , and now it is up to west to solve this ? 
  fuck that . 
  this is n't our problem . 
  i would also be more willing if these were n't the very same people who routinely identify the west as their enemy . 
  it 's a joke that we are even having the conversation of france getting involved in the first place . 
   russia will not let syria be taken by the west , especially after russia has already spent tens of billions in supporting assad agreed . 
   this whole chemical weaposn fiasco reaks of false flag . 
  indeed . 
  it is a veritable cluster fuck . 
  i agree that syria is an order of magnitude more complicated than other escapades such as mali . 
  however , if france is serious about this , it would be more advantageous to act as decisively as possible , which means getting just enough consensus to act . 
  this will be impossible within the context of the un , as china/russia would almost certainly veto any measures proposed within the security council . 
  i am not sure if france can act within the framework of the eu , i do n't know enough about that . 
  i also think acting within the framework of nato could pose its own difficulties , as there will be many countries reluctant to act . 
  france , in my opinion , should therefore limit who they consult to the us and the uk to ensure the quickest consensus . 
  also , the us has been recently signalling that they have no interest involving itself in syria . 
  there are already a number of people stateside that view the levant as europe 's backyard , thus they believe that europe should handle syria . 
  there are others that do not believe this , so there is hardly consensus within the us . 
  whereas obama pledged action if syria crossed the red line with using chemical weapons , we are about to see if their is any substance to obama 's bluff , or if it was all talk . 
  i personally have no idea what should be done . 
  syria is a fucking shit show , with no good or easy courses of action to take . 
  i do not envy those tasked with making such a decision . 
  i just want this whole syria mess to be resolved as quickly as possible . 
  however , i do not know , nor do i believe anyone really knows , what can be done to stop the violence , and ensure peace thereafter . 
  these are crazy times we live in . 
   `` if it is proven , france 's position is that there must be a reaction , a reaction that could take the form of a reaction with force , '' he said . 
  `` there are possibilities for responding . '', 
  it looks like things are about to get interesting . 
  i wonder if france is serious about military force , and if so , will they act alone ? 
  or will they try and recruit allies to the cause ? 
  i personally feel they would be better acting alone if france feels that action is necessary . 
  there really is n't a whole lot of time to spend months dithering over what to do . 
  if france feels this crisis needs an immidiate resolution , it would be quicker , and more decisive acting alone , or acting with as few other allies as possible . 
  not now . 
  tomorrow . 
  it ca n't look forced , it has to look natural . 
  everyone will forget this trolling ever happened . 
  that 's when you strike . 
   nice one troll ... 
  sorry man , i could n't resist . 
  i know the kind of reactions greeks have when they hear such heresy . 
  i was just giving you a hard time . 
   the tomb was carefully removed and shipped to his birthplace . 
  then why was it discovered in greece , and not macedonia ? 
   most of the younger americans i have met all seem to agree that their country isnotthe greatest place in the world , and in fact has a lot of problems . 
  it 's the internet . 
  the previous generation had to travel to really see/hear about other countries/people . 
  we just go to google . 
  before then , i do n't really think people spent hours fucking around reading shit about other countries with such ease , and being able to talk to other people in other countries with such ease . 
  i can prove this . 
  hello canadian person , i 'm from america . 
  today , it was just another beautiful day . 
  i 'm drinking a beer right now . 
  work was kinda boring , but overall life is good . 
  how is canada doing ? 
  any news about robert ford ? 
  how are canadian people faring up there ? 
  how 's the weather ? 
  any beers i should know about besides molson 's ? 
  i 've had a few others , ca n't remember them now because i also smoked weed twenty minutes ago . 
  anyway , just wanted to see what 's up . 
  your humble neighbor , american guy see !, 
  that 's why the internet is awesome !, 
  i can talk to canadians without leaving my couch, 
  waiting for the generation before you to die is democracy 's soundest strategy . 
  i see . 
  it 's good you cleared that up . 
  that 's how internet rumors start . 
  a year from now you might see someone bring up the netherlands in conversation , only to see someone else say `` you mean those filthy , scheming , theiving * pencil stealers !, 
  are you known for stealing pencils ? 
  that 's an odd national stereotype . 
  i suppose . 
  i understand the high taxes , but the regulation one is very ambigious . 
  regulation covers a broad spectrum . 
  for instance , a high degree of regulation could hinder equality if it means having countless idiotic regulations that prevent an individual from easily starting their own business . 
  this could mean that only the wealthy have the ability to start their own business . 
  but regulation can also increase inequality if they refer to regulation , for instance , the financial sector . 
  loose regulation in that industry drastically reduces equality . 
  so regulation can be a facilitator for equality , or a hinderence to equality . 
  so when you see that question , what version of `` regulation '' do you have in mind ? 
  interesting read . 
  i like how it delves into the inside thinking of german politicians . 
  i doubt you would hear them openly saying things like this :  their greatest worry is france ...  you see , says one senior german politician , i let my daughter use my credit card , but i check the transactions record . 
  i tease out the point : `` and if the french girl is blowing it all on beautiful couture dresses ... ? '' `` exactly ! '' he snorts . 
  german officials say privately , ** `` we have to pretend to treat france as an equal . '' ** their last , best hope for economic reform in france is that french national pride will not abide that country 's own relative decline and germany 's palpable condescension . 
  that 's a pretty scathing indictment of the eurozone 's number two power . 
  it seems the germans have little faith in the french , yet must be seen to have faith in them . 
  on a side note , this makes me interested to hear what other european politicians say behind closed doors , epsecially what they say about germany . 
  and this seems to be the crux of the problem about the current conversation in the eurozone in terms of what the indebted , uncomptetive countries must do to reform their countries :  one simple , theoretical point seems to me worth stressing . 
  germany , the export champion , has been described as europe 's china . 
  ** just as not everyone in the world can be china , and if everyone were like china , china could not be china -- for who would then buy its exports ? -- so not everyone in the eurozone can be germany , and in the unlikely event that they did become like germany , germany could no longer be germany . 
  ** unless , that is , you assume that the rest of the world would cheerfully expand its domestic demand to buy an all-german eurozone 's increased supply of exports . 
  that 's a very poignant observation . 
  i 've heard that argument before , and it seems pretty obvious , yet it is seemingly disgarded by german politicians . 
  not everyone can be like germany , and if they were , germany would n't be germany .
