   jobanij sukinsin what does that mean ? 
  google translate came up with nothing for me . 
  which church do they support ? 
  is this the catholic church you are talking about ? 
  an orthodox church ? 
  i 'm not really sure where romanians fall religiously . 
   `` chinese society is more and more relaxed in dealing with sino-uk ties , while the british could not be pettier , '' the global times added , suggesting its readers * take pity * on this `` old declining empire '' . 
  lol . 
  getting called out by russia a few months ago and now china . 
  it seems there are few countries out there who relish taking cheap shots at britain . 
  since britain is not my country , i find this all rather amusing . 
  do you guys only see 60 + year old tourists ? 
  ankle socks have been the norm here for the last decade of people my age . 
  i also only own black ankle socks , and that 's pretty common . 
  it 's just so bizarre to see these stereotypes of american tourists wearing things i absolutely never see in america . 
  i mean fanny packs ? 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen those since 1995 . 
  makes sense . 
  in the us there are some states that do not have any sales tax . 
  however , if you buy a car in one of those states , but live in a state that does have sales tax , they just add that tax to your registration fees when you go to register your new car in that state . 
  i guess government 's are n't that stupid that they would leave a loophole wide open like that . 
  yeah i thought that would have been to easy . 
  is there any reason for the high taxes other than discouraging people from driving ? 
  or is the government just looking for money anywhere they can find it ? 
  how much is the pension there ? 
  because here everyone gets social security and medicare after their retirement . 
  the social security payments are something like $ 1800 - $ 2500 per month . 
  you can live off it , but not much else . 
  the reason why people save for retirement here is that a ) we 're not sure how sustainable the social security fund is and if it will be available when we retire and b ) since it is n't too much , people want more money when they retire to enjoy their later years and possibly retire early . 
  you do n't need to provide stats . 
  that 's pretty much an understood truth that wealth ( as well as population ) is concentrated on the coasts . 
  still , if you are making a quarter of a million dollars , one would think that those individuals would be intelligent enough to have put their money in assets that could be sold off in times of duress . 
  anyway , the whole thrust of my argument is that not everyone is dependent on the state to provide for all their needs . 
  in fact , most are not . 
  well that accounts for 2 out of 50 states . 
  and if you are making that kinda money , chances are you have at least some form of health insurance , and most likely excellent health insurance so that a serious illness would in no way lead to ruin . 
  hell i make a fraction of that money and am not one paycheck away from ruin . 
  something serious would have to happen for someone making that kind of money to be immediately reliant on the state to provide for them if they lost their source of income . 
  and if they were making that kinda money , i highly doubt the government benefits would be enough to sustain living in downtown manhattan or a lavish in the suburbs of san francisco . 
  regardless of government benefits , they would need to move somewhere more affordable anyway . 
  what do wealthy people need the state for ? 
  i am sure the millions in the bank is security enough for a rich person . 
  i doubt they are worrying how much their unemployment benefits would be if they lost their job . 
  i think we would only want to be in competition to see who has the lowest taxes , not higher ones :d, 
  that 's still a fuck ton of taxes for a vehicle purchase . 
  hell , the taxes i paid when i purchased my car was a simple sales tax , at 8.9 % . 
  i am guessing those taxes are to discourage people from owning vehicles and instead rely on public transportation , but there are other ways of going about it than bending over your citizens and fucking the tax out of them . 
  ca n't you just go to another country with lower taxes , buy it there , and drive it across the border ? 
  or is the government aware of simple tricks like that and would just tax you anyway ? 
  we 're in the same boat then . 
  i am pretty sure it annoys a lot of people when someone from their own country goes around denigrating it in front of other people . 
  there 's just something ... shitty about it . 
  good enough for me . 
  i 'm booking a ticket to turkey !, 
  these are n't the typical `` crack whore '' variety that i am used to seeing . 
  probably because african americans have succeeded in the highest levels of politics , entertainment , and business ? 
  you can not turn on the tv without seeing successful african americans . 
  i also ca n't drive down my street ( or walk the halls of my workplace ) without seeing successful african americans . 
  how visible are successful gypsies ? 
  do you see them everywhere ? 
  maybe it is easy not to generalize blacks as degenerate scum when your neighbors are black . 
  i am not sure * if there are visible examples of gypsies everywhere you go like there are visible and high profile examples of african americans everywhere you go * i am honest when i say i am not sure , i have never been to europe and have never seen a gypsy , so i do n't really know anything about them . 
  for instance , how often do you see gypsies as your manager in your office , or in political office , or in the music , tv , sports industries ? 
  that dude is one fugly looking bastard . 
  are the whores there even good looking ? 
  i swear to god every prostitute i have ever seen looked worn out , tired , and hideous . 
  i never would have guessed everyone in / r/europe has been a bunch of black guys this entire time . 
  what i meant to say was , my country is older , therefore better . 
  my country is newer , that 's why it 's better . 
  is this the thread where we compare how racist our countries are ? 
  does n't this same conversation happen weekly here ? 
   why ca n't you just live with your parents the same way you did at high school ? 
  you already brought up the point that not everyone lives in a city with a college , and thus need to leave home . 
  but some people/cultures view college as the time in your life you finally leave your parents house . 
  that 's how it is here . 
  it is kinda embarrassing to live with your parents after 18 . 
  it 's just a cultural difference . 
  it 's cool . 
  maybe your country can take over for a while . 
  step in there and show us how to swing old chap . 
  that ; s just our way of weeding out the weak . 
  natural selection in the classroom is what we call it here :d, 
  would n't that just serve to remind the brits that their former colony is now vastly more powerful than britain is ? 
  how do you look down upon a former colony that completely outclasses you in every metric of power , global influence , and wealth ? 
  i should have figured that , but the paddy part in your username threw me off . 
  i also just assumed there was n't much of a thug culture in sweden to speak of . 
  to be honest with you , i kinda find it a little entertaining since i am not on the receiving end of these jokes . 
  but i have seen russian officials make threatening jokes a bunch of different times to a bunch of different countries . 
  is it always this dmitry rogozin doing it ? 
  or is this a favorite thing to do by a number of different officials ? 
  what country is this where you have half-swedes hanging out with somalian thugs ? 
  am i some sort of government official ? 
  okay , i know people like that . 
  it seems bizarre to me that someone coming from an affluent background would pretend like they were a thug , but that is sadly common enough to not really be considered unusual . 
  hopefully she 'll come around . 
  the people who i knew who chose that lifestyle usually ended up with an unfulfilling life . 
  oh well , that 's her choice i guess . 
   the eldest embraces ` gangsta culture ' and the teen is remarkably naive . 
  does she live in sweden ?
