  for how obstinate and reactionary the europeans have been over this . 
  they need this trade agreement way more than they do . 
  funny how they ca n't see that . 
  their loss . 
  damn that 's awful . 
  how does the ecb justify it 's existence ? 
   what kind of host plots against his guest ? 
  the kind of host who finds their guest shitting on the kitchen floor , asking for money , refusing to do any works around the house , and also plots to murder the host 's children and neighbors . 
  i agree . 
  i read this article earlier and was n't surprised no one commented on it . 
  although it is sometimes hard to tell if there reason this article did n't get much attention is because europeans here wanting to keep their head in the sand as much as possible , or they are just sick of seeing stuff like this . 
  there are articles about the pitiful state of the eurozone here on a fairly regular basis , and some of those posts do generate a decent amount of discussion . 
  so do they just not want to talk about it because of the bad news it contains , or are they sick of talking about it ? 
  indeed . 
  it should also be noted that europe was the only continent not to experience growth last year . 
  the warning signs are flashing in the ez , and have been for some time . 
  is anyone of consequence paying attention ? 
  do you even a choice ? 
  i would think geography would force you go the middle way . 
   no , these `` expensive '' forms of power production are going exactly in the correct direction . 
  fracking on the other hand would only be a incentive to use more fossil fuel yet these expensive forms of power production have forced germany to use more coal for energy than they have been using in the past . 
  so you are already using more fossil fuels . 
  natural gas produced from fracking is significantly cleaner than coal . 
  so if you are already on the trajectory of using more fossil fuels , why not frack for your own natural gas ? 
  or would you rather let some other country do the dirty work ? 
  either way , someone 's got ta get it out of the ground . 
  does n't matter for the planet who does it . 
  so how is this going down with the people of ukraine ? 
  are people furious ? 
  terrified ? 
  resigned ? 
  if you googled `` europe struggles to find a consensus on * '' , i 'm pretty sure you would get millions of results . 
  he 's like vigorous 's polar opposite . 
  both only post content related to russia . 
  they would make a great couple . 
   `` so why do you live in sweden ? 
  why do you live in a land of unbelievers ? 
  you know that it is haram , forbidden for muslims , '' hmami pressed . 
   `` the islam country is god 's country which is the entire world , '' ahmed responded . 
   `` and you receive benefits from sweden . 
  you take advantage of the state and its welfare and money . '', 
  it is not their money , '' the caller said . 
  `` the money can only come from god . '', 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  there 's really not much else to say . 
  seriously ? 
  government money is god 's money now ? 
  how thoughtful of god to have a stock pile of multiple currencies . 
  well that was a damning article . 
  sounds like a lot of german media has had enough . 
  and the last editorial was particularly irate . 
  the author was right . 
  german-muslim organizations should hang their heads in shame ( as should every other muslim organization ) . 
  enough killing has happened in the name of that faith in the last decade to last 1000 years . 
  it 's time to drop the religion of peace bullshit once and for all . 
  how anyone can believe that bullshit is beyond me . 
  i ca n't imagine what that is like to know that the entire architectural legacy of your nation and people has been destroyed . 
  that must be a terrible burden to bear . 
  damn . 
  how long did all that reconstruction take ? 
  looks like someone took a giant lawn mower to the city . 
  serious question . 
  are there any countries bordering russia that russia has n't invaded ? 
  i guess norway does n't really count since it 's border is tiny and has other countries in between as a buffer . 
  i 'm actually surprised that so many `` old towns '' survived so many wars . 
  one would think that old city centers in eastern europe would exist only in history books at this point . 
  that 's a fantastic compilation of stunning architecture . 
  i need to start socking away some money for a trip to europe ... or multiple trips . 
  so much to see , maybe too much for one lifetime . 
  they do , but not from outsiders . 
  it 's only okay when it is among europeans . 
  i guess people are inherently tribal like that . 
  japan and south korea would beg to differ . 
  but that 's being a little pedantic . 
  your comment is mostly true . 
  those will come in handy . 
  thank you very much mr. frankeh , you 're doing god 's work . 
  consider yourself lucky . 
  if britain is anything like australia , no one gives a shit about having an american accent since they are already numb to it from constant exposure , thus it provides little benefit from getting laid . 
  plus , it seems we have teeny tiny dicks compared to everyone else :( . 
  no one gives a shit about your teeth if you have a sweet british accent and menacing cock . 
  you should be golden regardless . 
  huh , i did n't realize you could get lsd over the internet . 
  i figured you had to approach a burned out hippie at a jam band concert or something . 
  you learn something new everyday . 
  to each his own i guess . 
  never tried lsd though , i here it 's a game changer . 
  i 'm kind of a hallucinogen kinda guy anyway . 
  only problem is , lsd is n't really easy to find in central illinois . 
  my buddy however , was able to buy everything he needed to grow mushrooms over the internet , and grow some he did . 
  i 'll take whatever i can get , and i ca n't seem to get lsd . 
   germans generally like individual us-americans ( and are somewhat divided on the us government ) . 
  but we also like to ( for foreigners : very bluntly ) discuss politics . 
  if you meet some germans in a bar they most likely wo n't talk to you about their family or so i can understand that mentality , but that is something that would terrify me if i went to another country . 
  if i was in germany , that meant i spent thousands of dollars to travel and vacation there . 
  i would n't want to spend all that time and money just to talk politics with someone i do n't know . 
  i 'd want to talk about everything * but * politics . 
  i would also assume that the discussion was a trap , set up so they could berate me for being american . 
  rational or not , i would be highly suspicious and resentful if someone brought up my country 's politics while i was visiting their country . 
  well fuck it .
