  interesting ... not drinking during the game ... that 's a very foreign concept to us . 
  well that did n't exactly answer my question as to when you guys get beer when there are no breaks in a soccer game , so i am guessing everyone in europe has one of [ these ] ( https://www.after5catalog.com/images/products/172-06601p1.jpg ), 
  actually , i think the real reason is because there are no breaks to go get beer or pee the last one out . 
  seriously , do you guys just get five beers at a time when you 're at the bar watching the game or something ? 
  when do you fit in a cigarette if there are no pauses in soccer/football ? 
  that 's why americans hate soccer . 
  let iceland take a crack at it . 
  ireland is neutral . 
  it is effectively isolationist . 
  who gives a shit . 
  let someone else deal with it . 
  many countries are obliged by treaties to do certain things , yet find a way to weasel out . 
  i understand the burden that comes from being the top dog , but even the top dog needs a vacation every now and then . 
  the problem is , no one else is volunteering to take the keys and drive . 
  too many back seat drivers out there , not enough countries willing to take the wheel . 
  agreed . 
  let canada replace us . 
  i do n't think anyone would notice if one big north american country was replaced with another . 
  our country needs a break from the rest of the world , and i think the world needs a break from us . 
  there is also a post on this sub right now showing the top cities with the highest quality of life ... that list is dominated by european cities . 
  so europe can simultaneously have the best places to live , and have countries with the worst performing economies . 
  europe is certainly an interesting continent . 
  the perks of being irrelevant : no country would bother invading you , so your military can be a complete farce and it does n't even matter . 
  man ... sometimes i wish my country was completely irrelevant to world affairs ... maybe no one will notice if we shy away from the world stage for a century or two ? 
   memberstates only ca n't agree how to help is n't this the issue for literally every problem in europe right now ? 
  dude ... canada makes more cars than yours does ... canada !, 
  and they are one of the sorriest of your former colonies , and least impressive member of the commonwealth . 
  outclassed by a former colony again ... how does it feel grandpa ? 
  he does that a lot . 
  no need to pay attention to his comments , just downvote and move along . 
  knowing this , it makes me wonder why spiegel deliberately used `` americans '' as the focus of this article instead of the allies more in general . 
  i have seen german press do this quite a bit ( multitude of parties involved , none get mentioned except america ( except maybe a small note towards the bottom of the article ) ) . 
  i 'm not sure if this is evidence of a persistent bias , but it is not the first time i have seen spiegel do this before . 
   denounce the usa with facts , downvotes . 
  this is straight up bullshit . 
  denouncing any non-european country here garners upvotes . 
  the us is perhaps the single most targeted country on this sub besides russia . 
  and russia is only invoked in geopolitics . 
  otherwise its the us for anything related to economics , culture , trade , etc. . . 
  this is the modern mind of the european , whose hypocrisy knows no bounds . 
  when european countries meddle , it does so because it is on a messianic quest for human rights . 
  other countries meddle because they are nefarious imperialists . 
  funny , because europeans can bash the us for having the same mentality , but have no shame exhibiting the same mentality . 
  does it shoot iou 's ? 
  [ sigh ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat )  the 1953 iranian coup d'\u00e9tat , known in iran as the 28 mordad coup , was the overthrow of the democratically elected prime minister of iran mohammad mosaddegh on 19 august 1953 , orchestrated by the united kingdom ( under the name ` operation boot ' ) and the united states ( under the name tpajax project ) . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]  mossadegh had sought to audit the books of the anglo-iranian oil company ( aioc ) , a british corporation ( now bp ) and to change the terms of the company 's access to iranian oil reserves . 
  this is what i am talking about . 
  us and uk orchestrate a coup together to protect a british corporation ? 
  do n't worry , in a generation only america 's involvement will be remembered . 
  that 's how it always is . 
  so yeah , sounds like you did need to be reminded that another country was involved . 
  your article states :  american , french and british military forces , convinced that gadhafi was not adhering to a united nations-mandated cease-fire , hammered libyan military positions with missiles and fighter jets in the first phase of an operation that will include enforcement of a no-fly zone . 
  you seem unnecessarily focused on the fact that european pilots were there . 
  what difference does it make if those missiles were delivered from battleships or aircraft ( and the article also mentions that much of the british missiles also came from their battleships ) ? 
  look , i do n't even care anymore , but it just seems weird the lengths you will go to assert that european intervention in libya was somehow of a benevolent nature , whilst american intervention in libya was somehow not . 
  they worked together . 
  either both the us and europe had noble intentions , or neither did . 
  huh . 
  i thought like half of all well paid irish people work for american companies located in ireland . 
  i guess all those good jobs at apple are considered a bad thing for irish . 
  ( and please do not try to argue that their presence is bad because of the low taxes they pay their , for it is your government that lures companies in the first place with promises of low taxes ) . 
  but the us did send pilots . 
  or were american pilots just there for imperialist reasons while europeans were there for noble reasons ? 
  you have an interesting view on the situation . 
  you seem to not understand the concept of `` working together '' . 
  in that respect , it does n't matter who the pilots were or where they were from . 
  i honestly can not agree with , or even understand , your thought process . 
  i really do n't know enough about that to comment . 
  with or without that propaganda , french women were going to be raped . 
  that is what happens when you send millions of young men into another country . 
  even if only a small minority rape women , a small minority of a million is still thousands of people . 
  rape is a by-product of war , with or without propaganda . 
   america all by himself is pretty much responsible for the ayetullah 's of iran . 
  ah yes , the british had nothing to do with it . 
  just the us by itself , as always . 
   and it was british and french pilots who in the end protected bhengazi civilians . 
  you mean after the us destroyed most of libya 's surface to air missiles and radar systems , and us aircraft provided in-air refueling for british and french pilots ? 
  is n't that what coalition does ? 
  work together ? 
  so only the british and french get any positive credit from libya ? 
   `` let us be realists , '' he says . 
  `` even if we introduced obligatory military service , we would not be able over the next 10 to 15 years to create armed forces capable of standing up to such an opponent who has overwhelming power in the conventional sphere '' not to speak of anything else . 
   instead , latvia must work with its allies and must be prepared at the first appearance of ``' little men ' without designations on the uniforms '' to fight . 
  no delay is possible . 
   this discussion highlights two fundamental problems which many do not want to take into consideration . 
  on the one hand , latvia does face a real and ongoing threat because of the impact of russian media , something that has been ongoing and that by failing to build a latvian russian-language media that country has only compounded . 
   and on the other , while ignoring this threat would be a mistake , talking about it in any but the most careful way may have exacerbate relations between various groups and regions in latvia and thus may unintentionally play into the hands of the moscow authors of russia 's latest version of hybrid war in a television-saturated age . 
  indeed , that may be part of their strategy . 
  so latvia finds itself in the unenviable situation of being faced with a conflict it can not even talk about , because talking about it would make tensions worse . 
  is there a way to airlift entire countries to other parts of the world ? 
  that seems to be the only viable , long term solution for baltic countries . 
  that was a good article . 
  i 'm just a little confused as to why you said this in your previous comment :  most of them were not train to kill anything yes they were , all of them were . 
  what do you think boot camp is ? 
   there were thugs and former prisoners , rapists and killers were you suggesting they drafted prisoners and those convicted of rape ? 
  honestly , i do n't know what you are trying to say here , and i do n't think you understood what i was trying to say . 
  prisons were not emptied to find soldiers ... high schools were . 
  both my grandpa 's were drafted out of high school , and both my grandmothers told me their last year of high school , there were virtually no males in school . 
  i think that is a more illuminating view of humanity . 
  the rapists were not prisoners and thugs , but everyday people who were otherwise normal before the war .
