  i am sure you pity this man . 
  this `` german '' who any other day would be called an arab and would want him out of your country , is all of the sudden a helpless `` german '' taken by the evil us . 
  you guys are clowns . 
   he added that he did n't believe there is mass surveillance in the way it is described in the e.u. 
  `` you get three pieces of a 1,000 piece puzzle and you think you have all the answers . 
  just because the nsa has a phone number does n't mean it listens to the phone calls , '' he said . 
  he 's probably right . 
  but the eu would probably like to verify this . 
  the eu 's confusion over the nsa 's capabilities could have been cleared up long ago if europe would have done a little more spying of its own :d, 
  what i find amusing about that statement is that if you click on the link they provide to prove that claim , it gives a 404 page not found error . 
  i thought they were hopelessly in debt . 
  did n't russia hand over billions to get ukraine on their side ? 
  it sounds more like inheriting a family member 's horrible financial situation . 
  russia and the eu are fighting over ukraine 's corpse like vultures , all for pride . 
  it 's a mess . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  it seems like the eu has taken a bite that is too big to swallow . 
  it looks like the eu needs a few years to digest these latest countries properly before any more countries are added . 
  it 's an understandable approach . 
  the article does n't clearly say why the netherlands vetoed albania 's candidate status . 
  it made some vague reference to serbia , so does it have anything to do with unresolved disputes between those two countries ? 
  the comments in that article seem to imply that albania was vetoed because of their sizable muslim population . 
  either way , i saw no clear reasons why the netherlands would make such a move . 
  anyone know the reason ( s ) ? 
  you are right , it wo n't make a difference . 
  but at least it would show that you care , and that you take nato membership seriously . 
  there was a time when new members took it as a point of pride to belong to nato . 
  new countries would try to show that they would uphold their responsibility . 
  now it seems as if countries view it as simply a club to join to be protected by america . 
  you sign up , and never have to worry about your defense . 
  that attitude is self destructive . 
   why should we invest in a defensive budget if we 'd get trampled with out without it ? 
  then why the hell are you in nato ? 
  you just want to let others take care of your defense ? 
  are you seriously suggesting it is okay that you join a military club , and willingly bring nothing to the table . 
  if that is the prevailing attitude , i am surprised your country has n't been kicked to the curb . 
  especially since allowing you into nato in the first place was a very provocative gesture towards russia . 
  i mean , are you happy being a liability , and not an asset ? 
  i highly doubt it , so you should reconsider your mentality . 
  you should be investing in defense for this very reason . 
  just out of curiosity , do you view this as a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  i get the impression that sweden allows all these refugees into their country not because they are benevolent , but because it bolsters their internal prestige ( or at least they think it does ) . 
  it seems to me like little concern is paid towards what the local population thinks , or if there is even the capacity to absorb all the refugees . 
  is that accurate or am i off the mark here ? 
   racist is savanajeff a race i do n't know about ? 
   america is a big country constantly reminding everybody of how welcoming it is , why does n't it take in a few hundred thousand ? 
  fuck that . 
  that 's the last thing we want . 
  let sweden take them all . 
  they are the ones that are constantly trying to prove to the world how righteous and noble they are . 
  let the countries with a `` holier than thou '' attitude take them in . 
  let them prove it by stuffing their country full of refugees . 
   it is funded without any sense of measure or common sense and you know exactly how the us 's military is funded ? 
  where that money is going to and why that money is going there ? 
  what sort of weapons platforms are being developed ? 
  you are saying the most powerful military in the world is `` not a positive example '' ... ok bro . 
  then what is ? 
  a country with major gaps in its capabilities like most european countries ? 
  those are the good examples ? 
  this comment sounds like you are being willfully ignorant , just so you can pretend like the arguments outlined in this article are n't actually a problem . 
  yeah , it 's america that has a stupid military , not european countries who spend 1 % on their military . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
   if europe were to build up a military , it would also be criticized by the us , this time for being disloyal for pursuing different strategic objectives ... that 's a pretty bold assumption there . 
  so bold in fact , it reeks of bullshit . 
   in any case , something outrageous like russia invading a european state - let alone a eu member state will surely do the trick to create enough leverage to fast-track an eu defense force . 
  so european governments should finally begin retooling their military and increasing their spending ... after russia has begun its invasion ? 
  i am guessing you are not a general . 
   so i do n't really see your point . 
  it seems your argument is europe should be completely reactionary . 
  it should only pursue a common defense strategy once a threat has been realized . 
  just letting you know , policy makers tend to want to anticipate threats and be proactive in addressing them . 
  they do not want to wait for threats to materialize , then address them . 
  that 's completely bass-ackwards . 
   also not helping is the fact that politicians that are burned/tainted/not popular anymore are promoted to the european level . 
  so belgium sends its failed politicians to the eu like castaways ? 
  i wonder if other countries do this . 
  i figured the best and the brightest would be promoted , not the opposite . 
  although i must admit that it makes a little bit of sense from the national government 's point of view . 
  they want the talent for themselves , and they send troublesome politicians elsewhere . 
  it 's smart at a national level , but not so smart at the eu level . 
  i wonder just how many castaways and failures are working for the eu right now ? 
  you 're correct . 
  that seems to be one of the most important metrics a country judges itself by . 
  my own country ( the us ) has n't had a surplus in over a decade , and that was only one year or so . 
  obviously huge deficits are not good , but at what point does it become a problem ? 
  i believe the eu ( or ez , not sure ) sets a limit of deficits at 3 % . 
  that is a noble number to adhere to , but it is also arbitrary ( why 3 % , and not 8 % ? ) . 
  i think one must also take into account the current situation . 
  my own country went into deficits around the 10 % range in order to pump money into the economy . 
  while controversial , it seems self-evident that it was a better thing to do than to run with low deficits while the economy plunged . 
  it also seems like there is a disconnect between economists and government policy makers as to what degree deficits are important . 
  unfortunately , i am unable to debate these points with you . 
  i simply do not know enough about these movements in various countries to say if you are right or wrong . 
  it 's kind of hard to tell for myself what the mood is in these countries since i do not live in europe . 
  maybe someone else can pick up where i left off and address your points . 
  i am not equipped with enough information and first hand experience to do so . 
   the interesting thing is the extent to which views in europe are ( or are not ) changing . 
  that 's why i think the elections will be interesting as it is the best way of discerning public opinion . 
  interesting . 
  i 'll keep an eye out on these elections .
