  how much different is the standard of living between nordic nations and baltic nations now ? 
  i know nordic nations are wealthy and prosperous , but are baltic nations dirt poor , or just lagging a little behind ? 
  oh ... that 's kinda misleading . 
  tricky gypsies at it again . 
  how do you know about all these gypsy kings ? 
  i doubt that 's common knowledge . 
  do these gypsy kings ever fight over who is the true gypsy emperor of everywhere ? 
   it was appallingly bad judgment for u.s. policymakers to put their country in such a position . 
  military allies are supposed to augment american power and improve the security position of the united states . 
  the goal should not be to collect allies simply for the sake of collecting allies , regardless of the costs and risks involved . 
  acquiring an assortment of weak , vulnerable security clients masquerading as useful allies is the height of folly . 
  they are dangerous strategic liabilities , not assets . 
  yet that is what washington has done by pushing nato 's expansion into russia 's traditional sphere of influence . 
  i have basically been making this same argument in / r/europe whenever this issue comes up . 
  admitting the baltics into nato was a terrible decision of the same magnitude as admitting greece was into the euro . 
  however , the euro does n't risk nuclear war making this decision a disaster of epic proportions . 
  they are completely indefensible , and could easily be cut off simply by connecting kaliningrad to the rest of russia . 
  if russia seized control of the baltic sea ( which it could easily do ) , any hope of re-taking those countries would be doomed . 
  these countries should be expelled from nato for this reason . 
  their situation is hopeless , and they bring nothing of any benefit to the alliance . 
  question for spaniards . 
  is your country as fucked as media makes it seem ? 
  i tried to find how sanctions would effect albania by looking at [ this ] ( http://www.bruegel.org/1279-the-cost-of-escalating-sanctions-on-russia-over-ukraine-and-crimea.html?utm_source=bruegel+update+%28members%29&amp;utm_campaign=01f7fa5593-bruegel+members+update_week_12_2014&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_term=0_229f262f6f-01f7fa5593-276410 ) handy interactive sanctions map , but sadly albania is n't even on it . 
  albania 's not even relevant enough for a stupid map ... 
  well he 's a canadian on / r/europe , thus is incapable of foregoing an opportunity to say `` lol america sux '' . 
   most people wo n't buy food from the u.s. because it 's `` gross '' . 
  most canadians refuse to buy american food ( which is an incredibly broad and diverse category ) because `` ewwwy , gross ! '' . 
  that 's your argument ? 
  really ? 
  i feel like i 'm surrounded by 10 year olds . 
  oh , and i 'm sure your small group of friends constitute `` most people '' in canada . 
  jesus , are you still on this ? 
  my appetite for arguing over food regulations is over . 
  sorry , but i 'm bored of this debate . 
  it 's probably the only thing i know about romania ... it 's supposedly crawling with gypsies . 
  you are clearly over simplifying things to fit your narrative . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.fda.gov/food/default.htm ) , read up . 
  you can busy yourself reading through the various regulatory levels for the next few days . 
  i have no problems comprehending text . 
  i can fully understand what you wrote in your previous comment :  the reason you do n't hear about many similar cases in the us is the fact that there are n't many regulations to begin with . 
  you are asserting that there are few food regulations in the us . 
  this is patently false . 
  now you are asserting that `` the us and the eu have fundamentally different approaches regarding food safety . '', 
  this is entirely different than saying the us does n't have `` many regulations to begin with '' . 
  maybe you should have been more careful with your wording in the first place and we would n't be in this useless argument over semantics . 
   there are n't many regulations to begin with . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  have you never heard of the fda ? 
  you clearly are in way of over your head and have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  it 's not as simple as you think . 
  the eu has good regulations , but that does n't prevent the food supply chain from being compromised . 
  you can have all the regulations you want , but that still does n't mean you are purchasing what you think you are purchasing . 
  [ organised gangs have a growing appetite for food crime ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21599028-organised-gangs-have-growing-appetite-food-crime-la-cartel ) of course europe is n't the only place effected by this , but it seems that the operations in europe are quite sophisticated . 
  various european nations should be allocating less energy into constructing regulations , and more into enforcement ( this goes for the us too ) . 
  if your wondering what in the hell my post is about , i am merely pointing out that what you see on paper , and what actually happens can often be quite divergent . 
  europe 's ability to guarantee food safety is n't as perfect as one might think . 
  there 's a saying in america that goes like this `` you ca n't hit a homerun if you do n't swing '' . 
  so i have to give you credit for trying , but you failed pretty badly . 
  i 'll give you a d + on this one . 
  try to re-read your post , and polish your trolling attempts a little better . 
  i expect more from you next time . 
  what makes you think that eu regulations are always , and inherently superior to us regulations in every single industry ? 
  it seems you just imagine that to be true because '' ` murikkka '' , and have no reasoning beyond that . 
  well if the sub has n't been used in 20 years , it probably needs more than just batteries . 
  in reality , that sub is probably only useful for scrap metal . 
  perhaps they can leave the sub out on the deck , and let the gypsies dismantle it as long as the defense ministry gets a little money for it ? 
  why is poland getting all the cool toys ? 
  do n't countries like romania feel left out ? 
  poor guy , they should get a submarine or something cool to make them feel better . 
  the economist recently wrote a blog piece about putin 's ideology , and how putin 's recent speech shed 's light on how he sees the world . 
  it 's an interesting article , and well worth the read : [ putin 's project : what sort of messianism ? 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/erasmus/2014/03/putins-project ) here 's the jist of it :  according to molly mckew and gregory maniatis , the striking thing about mr putin 's rhetoric was its disavowal of the soviet past , and its embrace instead of a much older dream : the idea of consolidating and expanding russia as the heartland of an orthodox commonwealth . 
  it 's an interesting idea that putin is espousing orthodoxy as the new ideology to bind together similar nations/peoples . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see if the new ideological messianism is any more successful than the ideologies used by russia in the past . 
  basically , i would have guessed that everything rosatom supplied your power plants with would be strictly proprietary , so that if anything broke , you would need to go through them , and they would run the power plant for you since most of the technology powering the plant ( reactors , turbines etc. . ) would be under close scrutiny by rosatom ( and by extension , the russian gov ` t ) . 
  but i have no idea what the relationship is like between rosatom and their finnish counter parts . 
  i 'm not sure if you do either , since that is probably very industry specific . 
  just out of curiosity , who actually manages these power plants , and how do they acquire new/spare parts ? 
  what happens if you need certain components , and the russians are hesitant to supply them ? 
  are the people who oversee technical operations russians or finns ? 
  basically , how reliant on russia for the maintenance and daily operations are finns when it comes to these power plants ? 
  could that be an issue in the future ? 
  yeah i 'll make a self post to / r/all and it will be the most up voted post in reddit history . 
  children will sing songs about this day . 
  yeah , this decision is a game changer . 
  / r/europe will never be the same . 
  nah i 'll just man up . 
  bring on the down votes , i do n't give a shit anymore . 
  i upvoted this post if that helps . 
  maybe it will get just a little more visibility now :d, 
  i have deep reservations about using us flair here . 
  i know everyone already knows i am american , but sometimes i think they might forget for a second and just read my comment ? 
  i dunno , maybe i should stop being a pussy about it . 
  i think if you were going to get attention in any sub , it would be this one . 
  those other ones you mentioned are effectively dead in my opinion . 
  so if you are n't getting much traction here , i honestly think there is n't much of a desire for the type of sub you are suggesting . 
  although i endorse the idea , it does n't look like other people do . 
  yup . 
  got ta love these guys . 
  maybe its because reddit 's user base is skewed towards a younger demographic , but the attitude op displays seems more common than not on this website .
