  and the main benefit for europe , as i see it , is to underspend with its own defences and hide behind american military might . 
  the us and europe no longer seem to be in nato for similar reasons . 
  each party is in it for their own reasons , and these reasons are continuing to diverge . 
  russia is weak now . 
  but that really means russia is weak compared to its heights in the soviet union . 
  a weak russia is still a very powerful country . 
   if we ended up in a skirmish with them it would n't be anything that we could n't handle . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i know russia 's military has aged , but it is still capable . 
  how many western armies must be destroyed before we get it through our heads that no matter how weak russia appears on paper , it is still a force to be reckoned with . 
  underestimating russian resolve has sent people to their graves by the millions . 
  i do n't want to test that out again . 
   and it should the goal of the u.s. to keep them weak . 
  maybe . 
  many people would agree with you , and certainly contemporary geopolitical strategies in the west aim to do just that . 
  but what if it is beyond our abilities to prevent them from getting stronger ? 
  can we do this ? 
  what right do we have to keep russia weak ? 
  if we pursue this strategy , and russia does become the powerful country it once was , how will they behave after a few decades of the west holding them down ? 
  is it better to just let them grow organically and not try to prevent their rise ? 
  i think they will become powerful again one way or another . 
  and if/when they do , will that strategy of containing russia blow up in our faces when they are truly free to flex their muscles ? 
  i think this is just a tricky situation all around . 
  it is certainly beyond my depth to calculate all the `` what-if '' scenarios . 
  i go back to my original ( and most likely unpopular point ) . 
  there is no point in angering russia . 
  we will have to deal with it one way or another . 
  i would rather deal with a russia that was n't angry at the west for decades of trying to keep it weak , which it views as nothing less than total humiliation . 
  the russians do n't like being humiliated , so why do it . 
  i am just going to preface this comment by saying that we are about to get into the silliest debate possible on the internet . 
  that is , hypothetical outcomes from wars that will almost never happen . 
   but the point was that now a russian invasion of a baltic country also means an invasion of the rest of europe , which is both 1 ) strategically impossible and 2 ) epically stupid . 
  agree on everything . 
  i still think they would destroy a few countries along the way . 
  i do n't see nato or any european military being able to completely check russia at its own borders . 
  i think it would at least be able to invade and destroy its border countries . 
  that 's just my opinion . 
  i also have to inform you that i am not a general in any military . 
  i have no military background . 
  so all of this is pure speculation . 
   i 'm pretty sure that they would face severe resistance from who ? 
  if russia were adventerous enough to invade a country in the `` european homelands '' ( these homelands also happen to be right next to russia ) , they would send a massive force , with heavy pre-emptive bombing . 
  any border country would just be the sacrificial lamb . 
   best to put massive amounts of pressure on all their borders , sabotage them economically , and actively prevent them from ever becoming a world power again . 
  not now . 
  mother russia appears to be on the rag right now , and lifting up her shirt and tickling her titties is not the best idea . 
  there is no reason to put `` massive amounts of pressure '' on all their borders . 
  i would prefer to see nato refuse to take in any border countries . 
  i ca n't imagine being forced to defend a small country of a few million people on russia 's border . 
  i think that is too much to ask of anyone . 
  better to please the bear and let if have it 's sphere of influence , then piss if off over some tiny country that would n't be able to bring any capabilities into nato anyway . 
  any extra country in nato would be a liability , not an asset . 
  the us has invaded both . 
  but it was a century and a half ago when the us invaded mexico , and around 2 centuries ago the us and proto-canada went to war * . 
  although there was no widespread destruction of these countries , or decades long occupations . 
  and that was 150 + years ago . 
  and there has n't been periodic muscle flexing towards these countries as russia does from time to time to troll its neighbors . 
  so yeah , your point still stands , i just felt like being a nit-picking asshole . 
  * the us invading canada is n't a good example since canada as we know it now is n't the same as it was then . 
  and i do n't feel like getting sucked into an argument about whether it the side opposing the americans were mostly british or canadians . 
  i guess that distinction gets a little muddier at that time . 
  all i am trying to say is that larger size can lead to a large disparity between regions . 
  i understand that every country has regional differences . 
  however in romania ( or similarly sized countries ) , the farthest region you can travel to within the same country is probably less than a days drive ( i really do n't know if that is true , i imagine it is but there could be countries that take more than one day to travel across ) , whereas in the us it takes about 4-5 days to travel to . 
  that means there are large chunks of the country that many americans will never see . 
  they might as well be in a different country . 
  i am not trying to make some grand statement here . 
  i am not trying to say `` holy fuck , look how diverse the us is '' , i am simply trying to make the statement that the larger the country is , the more room there is more regional variations . 
  those variations inherently increase with size . 
  i think he is implying that a large country brings a huge degree of disparity between different regions in the us . 
  so to try and pin down what the stereotypical `` us '' is difficult when you have people living in the deserts of the southwest , the alpine forests of alaska , the west and east coasts , the prairies of the midwest , the swamps of loiusiana and florida , the island of hawaii , and new england ... 320 million people live in these diverse areas . 
  that diversity is because of the size . 
  tl ; dr finland will never join nato because it shares a massive border with russia . 
  probably not . 
  no d dice man . 
  this is as good as it gets . 
  i gues it comes as no surprise t that not many people want to discuss depressing topics such as this . 
  i do n't think this sub reddit is in the mood to digest any articles relating to the crisis in the eurozone anymore . 
  maybe it 's crisis fatigue or something , but this is the second articulate and convincing article i have seen in the last two days that gets down voted , or ignored . 
  its such a shame . 
  the article itself , and the comments in the article with the author 's responses are some of the most straight forward , no bullshit discussions i have seen on this issue in a while . 
  op , next time post a picture of a bottle of mayo or an article about snowden if you are looking for some discussion . 
  otherwise , you can save yourself the effort and not bother posting worthwhile content here . 
  i remember reading an article a few years ago describing how america funnels millions of dollars to the taliban every year . 
  basically , every infrastructure project in that country that is funded by my government , has to allocate funds for protection money . 
  the contractors who bid on the projects have to inflate their costs so they can pay the taliban not to blow up stuff like bridges . 
  in a way , that means me , taxpayersneakyfingers , have directly funded a terrorist organization : / anways , i 'm pretty sure they also run opium , and they definitely launder weapons and traffic arms . 
  it really makes you wonder just what the hell the italians were doing up there . 
  those are all tactics straight out of the mafia playbook . 
  those sneaky italian bastards . 
  well yes there are points and counter points to every argument , but i would rather the option be open then closed and have an international court settle the matter as fair as possible . 
  i do n't think that is aggressive foreign policy . 
  that happens frequently . 
  consider how many industries , such as gasoline refineries , have been nationalized and turned over to a domestic company that is de-facto ran by the state . 
  this has happened many times in the past . 
  often it is the corporation that made the heavy investment and the government either pitched in a little or considered granting licenses in the first place to be enough . 
  that sort of stuff can cost a company billions . 
  i think it is quite right that a company should be able to sue in that case . 
  you mentioned you were in australia , well that country relies heavily on it 's mining done domestically , but * also * what those countries do abroad . 
  australia has some of the largest mining companies in the world .
