  people on the left hear this and think `` they hate poor people and want them to starve '' . 
  it 's such childish reaction i try to avoid the topic altogether . 
   reagan and the ( made up ) cadillac welfare queen story ? 
  the person i am referring to is my cousin . 
  as it turns out , she is n't made up . 
  hey thanks for taking the time to write out this comment . 
  i 've been thinking of ways to reply to your comment for an hour or two now , but i do n't really have anything to add nor do i have anymore questions , you pretty much covered everything in this one comment . 
  so just wanted to say i really appreciated that you took time out of your day to give me all this information . 
  thanks again . 
   he 's trying to get poor uneducated white americans to vote againts their economic interests via guns and racism . 
  if only it were that simple . 
  he has a lot more supporters than just poor uneducated white people afraid of brown people . 
   in the us , those same people simply unemployed here , would end up breaking the law to get a handfull of bucks to eat this is laughably untrue . 
  i suppose you 've never heard of things like welfare , food stamps , wic etc. . . 
  i personally know people that have never worked , and gone the government benefits route and manage to live modest/manageable lives . 
  your perception of us poor is very different than reality . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  there are entire neighborhoods in my city where all of houses are given away to poor families . 
  honestly . 
  both scenarios would make for a good movie . 
  estonia should try a pre-emptive strike on russia . 
  initiate a sneak attack and maybe seize st. petersburg . 
  it 's not too far away . 
  they could hold the city for ransom and make demands from moscow . 
  that would be really entertaining to watch . 
  might not work though and then you 'd be in a real pickle . 
  but if estonia is so concerned about russia , then they should quit being pussies and do something about it . 
  interesting . 
  you say `` the knowledge of russian '' is important because few people speak foreign languages ... is russian not considered foreign then ? 
  i knew a lot of people spoke russian , but i thought that was as a second language . 
  do more people speak russian than belorussian ? 
  are the languages even different ? 
  to be fair , i think that surprises few people here . 
  i did n't assume at all that you agreed with him . 
  you made it quite clear that you did n't actually . 
  and as for your other point , recent events have proved that the cooperation you are referencing is simply not good enough . 
  can you give me a little more insight on the mood in the uk right now regarding this ? 
  reading comments from uk redditors can be very different than comments you hear on the streets , at dinner tables , in the pubs etc. . . ( same applies for every issue in every country ) . 
  so what is the conversation/mood like on the ground in the uk ? 
  do you tend to hear more people talking about leaving the eu than staying ? 
  how do you anticipate the vote going ? 
  does the mood change at all after crisis like the terrorist attack on brussels ? 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it did n't really mention eu laws getting in the way . 
  it was referencing lack of cooperation and european countries not helping one another as getting in the way . 
  that 's not something i 'd be glad about , especially when the consequences of not cooperating leads to massacres . 
  belarus is an independent country ? 
   he rejected a suggestion that the uk leaving the eu would affect the us 's ability to co-operate with national security services , adding that european security services were `` more forthcoming with us than they are with one another '' . 
   `` we are a huge security service and each sees their national interests as being well served by having a productive relationship with us and , frankly , the same math does not apply to other services on the continent , '' he said . 
  huh . 
  i would have imagined it the other way around , especially after all the spying scandals . 
  europe is a strange place . 
  individual countries working more with a foreign power an ocean away than with each other ... hopefully things will change soon . 
  from the comment section :  talk about being asleep at the wheel . 
  maybe that israeli minister was on to something when he suggested the belgians should put down the chocolates and pick up a security manual . 
  it 's getting ugly, 
  holy shit dude . 
  you 're fucking awesome . 
  you 've basically been giving me free history classes . 
  thanks again for all that effort !, 
  hey thanks for answering all my questions . 
  i really appreciate it . 
  hope you have a good day . 
  for what it 's worth , my buddy is serbian . 
  just seeing if you could guess it , but it sounds like that was a tricky one . 
  so i take it slovenia is wealthier than other former yugoslavian countries ? 
  at least for now ? 
  awesome post !, 
  thanks . 
  i was actually hoping you 'd respond to my question , i just never thought it would be so thorough . 
  if you do n't mind , i have 2 more questions . 
  1 ) my last name is horvath . 
  my grandfather is hungarian . 
  but i understand that horvath has some connection to croatia . 
  is that a common last name in croatia ? 
  or do they simply refer to themselves as horvat 's ( my memory is fuzzy on this , but i think i remember reading somewhere that they call their country horvatska or something ) . 
  2 ) a friend a grew up with had a last name grkovic . 
  could you identify if he is serbian/croatian/bosnian just by looking at it ? 
  they actually taught you about mines in primary school ? 
  huh , my school was a lot more boring then yours . 
  that 's pretty crazy . 
  if that car had arrived an hour later , i probably would n't be reading this comment right now . 
  i did n't know zoltan basically meant sultan , but it seems obvious now . 
  anyway , can people from that region immidiately identify someone 's ethnicity by their name ? 
  i have seen a lot of serbian names ending in `` ic '' . 
  do croats/slovenes/albanians / bosnians etc. . . each have obvious ways of identifying who they are based on their names ? 
  the books i have read on the balkans are : conversation with stalin by milovan \u0110ilas , balkan ghosts and eastward to tartary ( both by robert kaplan ) . 
  and a few other books that cover the balkans in certain chapters like world order by henry kissinger , and flash points by george friedman . 
  honestly , i find the balkan peninsula to be the most fascinating part of europe . 
  if i ever go to europe , i 'm going there first . 
  probably start in hungary ( my grandfather 's family is from there ) , and move through the former yugo countries and through romania . 
  there is probably way too much to see there in just a 2 week long trip though . 
  that 's actually a really funny story honestly . 
  it reminds me of a story i would read in joseph heller 's catch 22 , or something by kurt vonnegut ( not sure if you know who those authors are , but they kinda focus on the bizarre things that happen in war/life ) . 
  i guess war has a funny way of changing people i guess . 
  you 're a pretty good story teller/writer . 
  how do you know he 's hungarian ? 
  i have heard of him before , but i never see his ethnicity mentioned . 
  i 've always seen him referred to as a serb . 
  can you identify his ethnicity because of his name ?
