   heat during winter in the cities ? 
  forget about it . 
  2-3 hours of electricity in the evening . 
  is it still like that or are you referring to several decades ago ? 
  why do people use chickens for bribes ? 
  is romania still primarily rural or something ? 
  if you gave a chicken to someone here , they would n't know what the hell to do with it , and would be very , very confused . 
  damn . 
  that is a huge number and will be extremely difficult to refit all those cars . 
  this criss keeps getting bigger . 
  let 's see how far it goes . 
  i strongly disagree with your assessment of putin . 
  i think he 's far more capable of acting strategically then almost any world leader out there . 
  he wo n't be the first to blink . 
  hell , i think western leaders have already blinked countless times . 
  some people do n't understand how the world works . 
  `` might makes right '' is basically the axiom that has underlined human history from past to present . 
  countries only act to benefit their interests . 
  if your country ca n't do it , another will impose their interests on you . 
  nothing is different just because this is the 21st century . 
  point is you are totally right , no matter how much people will refuse to admit . 
  no country will help ukraine just because that 's the nice thing to do . 
  they will only help ukraine insofar as it will help themselves . 
  you realize that by getting more involved with ukraine , we 'll be accused of meddling in the affairs of a european country , and we will never hear the end of it . 
  we already are accused by many that we sponsored a coup in ukraine . 
  sorry , but we have little to gain from getting more involved . 
  this is a european issue and needs to stay that way . 
  at some point , the training wheels have to come off . 
  how about not . 
  how about bases with european soldiers . 
  this would be a good opportunity for other europeans to step and show they take the continent 's defense seriously . 
   to say the us is the cultural centre of the world is misinformed and reeks of bias . 
  the opposite is also true . 
  any claim to be the cultural centre of the world would be biased . 
  and you make your own biases clear when you say :  the us does n't have a culture in of itself . 
  many people would vehemently disagree . 
  i guess you can claim that all american aspects of culture are rooted in european culture , therefore all american culture is rearranged european culture , but that would be a debatable claim ( some merit to it of course , but not totally true ) . 
  you also totally ignore aspects of american culture that did not originate in europe , like sports ( football , basketball , baseball ) . 
  again , you might claim that these are offshoots of preexisting sports , but their current manifestation is quite different than their european counterparts ( i.e. 
  american football/rugby , baseball/cricket ) . 
  i dunno , culture is kinda hard to pin down and find origins for , so most claims about it one way or another will be contentious . 
  have you read much of his writing ? 
  what does he usually write about ? 
  really interesting read by the way . 
  what is this blog ? 
  never heard of it before . 
  i understand that and i agree with you . 
  i 'm just trying to explain their reasoning , now matter how twisted and counter intuitive it is . 
  but alas , it 's not exactly a fringe view here . 
  they think they have a superior intellect to other people , and those who disagree with them are mindless patriots/nationalists . 
  retarded might not be the right word . 
  i think it is perfectly in line with certain strains of leftist ideology : that it is `` progressive '' to view yourself as above and removed from your country and your countrymen to demonstrate a level of enlightenment . 
  therefore , for * some * americans on the left , supporting putin demonstrates to other people that they do not support their own country 's foreign policy . 
  for some reason , those same people typically attach themselves to anyone else who opposes foreign policy and that often means supporting adversaries . 
  it 's definitely a bizarre logic to me , but to many millions of americans it is perfectly compatible with their logic . 
  remember , these people prioritize being `` open minded '' above everything else . 
  you realize who you describe is essentially the stereotypical american redditor ? 
  that type of person are the people who dominate all the large subs on this sight . 
  it 's actually kinda bizarre seeing you make such a comment , and there not being 20 comments under it calling you an ignorant piece of shit . 
  he has a point though . 
  the motives are irrelevant to russia . 
  the only thing relevant to russia is its national security , and nato is a threat to it . 
  those countries have a right to determine their future and join nato . 
  similarly , russia has a right to address threats at its doorstep . 
  this does n't mean that russia is given a carte blanche to invade the baltics . 
  it does mean that russia will understandably view nato as a threat , and will pursue its own policies that favor its own national security interests . 
  ^ this comment nails it right here . 
  there is truth that other countries can and will join nato under their own free will . 
  however , there is truth also that there will be consequences in doing so . 
  the baltic states view joining nato as a critical element of their national security . 
  russians view as a critical threat to their national security . 
  there is no right or wrong here , just opposing interests . 
  actions have consequences , and that too must be considered . 
  yeah that article does suggest that blackouts or more common than they used to be , but that is far from meaning the grid is under constant threat of collapse . 
  it also says that the majority of blackouts are related to severe weather . 
  i have been in blackouts when that happens ( ie lightning strikes a transformer or something ) , but they power is always back online within ten to fifteen minutes or so , and even those are extremely rare . 
  i honestly ca n't remember the last time i 've seen the power go out . 
  tl ; dr there is a huge difference between the power grid needing to be upgraded and the power grid being under constant threat of collapse . 
  but whatever , i do n't really feel like getting into a long drawn out debate over semantics , and i do n't think you do either . 
  i was just trying to give a little perspective from someone who actually lives here . 
  and the us 's power grid is constantly in danger of collapsing ? 
  `` artist '', 
  where do you even get facebook flags ? 
  like who the hell even makes them ? 
  i get that too . 
  i can understand voting for a corrupt leader if you are looking at the situation through a machiavellian lens . 
  just do n't turn around and claim some moral superiority after doing so . 
  hell , i might actually understand having the most corrupt piece of shit in your corner . 
  it 's kinda like how counting cards is illegal in casinos and is considered cheating . 
  i 'd probably want the best cheater in the world on my team if they were making me money . 
  you are right . 
  it is n't crazy to support someone under investigation . 
  but you have to admit the optics of the situation look terrible . 
  and the proof is in the pudding , hillary lost last night . 
  and she lost largely because too many people thought she was a corrupt piece of shit . 
  whether or not that is true does n't matter . 
  perception is more important than reality . 
  yeah those types are definitely the most maligned in my generation . 
  they appeal to an older generation way more than mine . 
  problem is ... those older guys vote , the younger guys do n't for whatever fucking reason .
