  it basically means a slightly smaller house/apartment , and less `` things '' in your life like a new phone or something . 
  and being near friends and family , and living in your home country seem infinitely more important than the ability to acquire `` things '' more easily . 
  how do you define `` better '' ? 
  different people want different things in life , so `` better '' is completely subjective . 
  truth is , most western countries are broadly similar , with nations usually ranking above and below each other in various categories . 
  i myself would n't move to europe , but it has nothing to do with where each country ranks on oecd charts , or which part of the world is more `` progressive '' . 
  it is much more simple : america is a vast and beautiful nation , and all my friends and family live here . 
  my decision to live in the us really has nothing to do with other countries , as i 'm sure they are lovely and beautiful in their own right . 
  but my country is my home , and i have little reason to leave . 
  this thread is probably going to be a shit show . 
  get ready to see every oecd chart you could possibly imagine . 
  ok . that makes a little more sense . 
  but this gives me more questions than answers . 
  1 ) why now , especially right before the important drills mentioned in the article ? 
  2 ) is there some truth to the soviet - era issue , or is that just an excuse/cover to begin the `` pruning '' ? 
   gluszczak did not specify who had resigned , but local media reported that the generals in question included joint staff chief ireneusz bartniak and the commanders of land forces , the navy and the armoured and airborne forces . 
   he did not say why the generals had quit , but former defence minister tomasz siemoniak said `` it 's just the beginning of the end . 
  the atmosphere is very bad '' in the army . 
   local media are speculating that the resignations could be in response to recent announcements by new defence minister antoni macierewicz , who is on a crusade to stamp out all traces of the communist era . 
  this article is a little scant on details , but it sounds like they are resigning before some sort of purge is going to happen . 
  any polish people have a better idea of what is going on ? 
  in the last few years , there have been a litany of articles describing poland 's intent to strengthen it 's military . 
  yet here we see top generals resigning . 
  this suggests that either politicians and the military are n't on the same page ( not that unusual ) , or that the loyalty of the military is being questioned because of their background in the soviet era ( very unusual ) . 
  so , what 's going on with poland 's military ? 
  anyone have any ideas ? 
  i did n't want to start a fight : b, 
  probably because the locals insisted it was n't part of europe . 
  nope . 
  never heard of it . 
  but i 'm a little bit stoned and just bought it on amazon and paid like $ 15 to get it shipped by sunday . 
  that book looks great . 
  ca n't wait to read it . 
  so it sounds like you 're kinda pissed that your serbian orthodox churches are n't being represented fair fairly at all and catholics are stealing glory . 
  so why not show us all what you 've got ? 
  since we 're all here looking at catholic cathedrals , why not look at others as well ? 
  link us some really cool serbian cathedrals ( or even orthodox cathedrals in general ) that should be showcased . 
  i think it would be really interesting to have a kind of cathedral competition . 
  where do you live if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  and as to the rest of your comment , i think people do n't think of england as a catholic country now , so also do n't think of england being catholic in the past as well . 
  i myself am guilty of this . 
  i was actually surprised when i stumbled upon a catholic cathedral in london * . 
  but i 'm glad i did . 
  a service was starting right as i walked in and i sat through it . 
  i think it was westminster cathedral or something , and it was beautiful and powerfully inspiring . 
  * i said elsewhere in this thread that i 've never been to europe which might cause confusion . 
  i do n't exactly consider england to be part of europe do i 'm adding this note to clarify . 
  i ca n't believe i 've never heard of that cathedral before . 
  that 's probably the most incredible structure i 've ever seen . 
  it 's hard to imagine , since buildings now are constructed in a few years . 
  but there are probably many families in european history where multiple men , through multiple generations worked on the same construction site . 
  imagine if your father , and his father , and his father all worked in the same cathedral . 
  that 's a lot of family pride tied up into one building . 
  pretty hard to go wrong with any catholic cathedral . 
  everyone i 've been to has been an astonishing piece of art . 
  even the one in my small city in central illinois is a beautiful site to behold . 
  maybe that had something to do with me converting to catholicism . 
  never been to europe though . 
  i 'm sure there are too many beautiful cathedrals to count . 
  that would make a solid trip though , checking out all the bad ass cathedrals throughout europe . 
  man , that would probably take a lifetime to them all . 
  fine . 
  your man card has n't been revoked . 
  just temporarily suspended until further review . 
  you 're on probation . 
  i suggest drinking an 18 pack of pbr then shooting an old tv or water heater . 
  i assume the man card commission will overturn your suspension if you do something sweet like that . 
  you 've been spending too much time on / r/aww . 
  i suggest you chug several beers , down a few shots of 151 , then chop down a tree . 
  then maybe you can get your man card back . 
  that was fascinating !, 
  thanks for sharing that . 
  your country is ripe for the picking . 
  too bad the age of imperialism is over and you ca n't just take over other countries . 
  it 's a british publication . 
  who needs a navy when you can have a charming sense of humor instead, 
   coming from a russian lol come on , really ? 
  his opinion is invalidated because of his flair ? 
  and to be fair , speculation about the longevity of the eu has been all over the news for the last few years . 
  it 's not inconceivable that the eu could break up in 25 years . 
   since when teens take care of their mum when their mum is constantly on strike and sits around drinking wine all day :d, 
  fixed it . 
  thanks . 
  good point . 
  the world could look a lot different 25 years from now . 
  is that a nice way of saying `` never '' ? 
  in case of paywall  more than 1m refugees arrived in germany last year , mainly young muslim men . 
  they entered a society that , relative to other western countries , has embraced multiculturalism only recently . 
  suddenly these foreigners are in co-ed schools , discos , swimming pools , hospitals and parks . 
  some of their interactions with their hosts go easily . 
  others do not -- as epitomised by new year 's eve in cologne , where gangs of north african men sexually assaulted scores of german women who had come to watch the fireworks . 
   germans who only a year ago oozed confidence about their economy and their country are now losing faith that they `` can manage '' , as angela merkel , the chancellor , likes to put it . 
  many fear the crisis will render germany unrecognisable . 
  a sense of loss pervades many conversations . 
   to grasp this trauma it helps to understand the german zeitgeist that developed ( mainly in the former west germany ) in the post-war years , and lingered in the reunited country . 
  germans call it heile welt . 
  the term means something like `` wholesome world '' , and describes an orderly , idyllic state . 
  it may connote the nurturing environment parents create for their children to protect them from life 's ugliness , or a private oasis of peace amid public chaos . 
  it was a state of mind that germans clung to after the second world war . 
   because it implies a degree of escapism , the term can be used sardonically .
