  i 'm atheist , but do not view religious people as dumb or anything . 
  hell , some of the smartest people i know are religious . 
  not that it really changes anything , but virtually all of those cities on that list are in isolated native american reservations . 
  not only are they far removed from other parts of the states in which they reside , but they are recognized as sovereign nations and are in charge of their own affairs . 
  maybe . 
  but it will take years for it to happen . 
  there is no short term fix to europe 's dependence on russian energy sources . 
  okay :( [ i 'm on my way out ] ( http://www.thelostogle.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/rascal-racers.jpg ), 
  just out of curiosity , what is the right sub to discuss theoretical european treachery ? 
  is there a sub called something like / r/europeansaredicks where this conversation would be more appropriate ? 
  what country do you live in ? 
  it sounds incredibly small . 
  i live in a medium sized state and it takes twice as long to drive from one end to the other . 
  well i guess i could go to / r/askreddit and make a post asking who likes this stupid nicku minaj song , but it would be just as much of a waste of time to ask that question in / r/askreddit as it would be here . 
  it 's not exactly a hot topic of conversation . 
  i can understand the appeal of the musical style as well , it 's just the thug culture associated with it that makes me sad other countries emulate it . 
  i am worried enough about large swathes of my own country idolizing that life style . 
  to see it exported abroad makes me feel almost guilty . 
  i agree . 
  most of the time i turn on the radio i end up turning it off five minutes later . 
  it does n't help that i hate country ( which is really popular in the part of the country i live in ) , absolutely despise rap/hip hop ( popular everywhere ) , and think almost all pop music is shit straight from a dog 's ass ( again , pop music is extremely popular throughout the whole country ) . 
  that basically leaves me with scraps of music to listen to , or the 90 's and classic rock stations . 
  most of the music i listen to on the radio now leaves me despondent and shaking my head . 
  it also makes me want to run to the nearest toilet and vomit when i find out that people outside of the us listen to our hip hop and pop music . 
  it 's basically the worst export our country has to offer . 
  i ca n't believe that trash has found a following anywhere , let alone outside our borders . 
  if this is true , i can only conclude that german journalists are pocketing the money and writing what they want anyway . 
  german media is consistently critical of the us ( not really saying this is a bad thing or that it is malicious , just that german media carries a lot of articles that are very unflattering of the us ) . 
  sometimes i just do n't understand my country . 
  how the hell is this popular ? 
  who would voluntarily listen to that song ? 
  what the fuck is that ?!?!?!, 
  does n't matter , it 's not metric !, 
  man that would be awesome . 
  i am guessing the best way to travel throughout europe is by train , kinda like the best way to travel the us is by car . 
  i am really hoping i can go to europe within a year or so . 
  although being able to spend 1.5 months abroad is pure fantasy at this point . 
  besides the money i would need for that , i would never be able to take 6 weeks off of work . 
  i would be lucky with 2-3 weeks . 
  living in a small country can be a good thing though . 
  next month we have a major holiday here in the us ( thanksgiving ) . 
  i ca n't decide if i want to fly or drive back home . 
  tickets during this holiday season are very expensive ( the tickets i looked at yesterday were  $ 650 ) . 
  however , for me to drive back home would take 24 hours of driving time , so that is 2-3 days of driving . 
  and that is n't even driving from one edge of the country to the other . 
  it 's driving from the midwest to the southwest ( illinois to arizona ) . 
  look at this way . 
  for me to drive home , i literally need to take a few days vacation to do that . 
  it makes for epic road trips , but can be a pain in the ass sometimes . 
   the good news for germany is that its more active international allies like britain , france and the usa are used to its habit of over-promising and under-delivering . 
   `` the allies say , well , germany has a tradition of not becoming too involved , not taking military risks , '' said sangar . 
   `` i do n't think it 's going to be a huge problem for the foreign policy reputation of germany , because the expectations are not that high . '' how the hell is this `` good news '' ? 
  people have such low expectations of you that it does n't matter how useless you are ? 
  and these guys think that 's a good thing ? 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  that actually sounds like the perfect time to take a quiet stroll through one of those villages . 
  you can probably walk around seeing everything in solitude without anyone bothering you . 
  do they wear any types of hats ? 
  do your kind still wear top hats : b ( please say yes ! ), 
   i found burping and farting in public especially strange in americans . 
  that 's weird to see someone say that . 
  it 's rude in america too . 
  people still do it , but they know they are being rude when doing so , they just do n't care or think it 's funny ( which it sometimes can be , especially in elevators :d ) . 
  cool . 
  that 's about as much time as i was planning on going for . 
  thanks for the info . 
  for some reason i was thinking something in the ballpark of $ 3500 or so . 
  how long did you stay ? 
  i 'm the same age as you and have yet to go to europe . 
  i 've been saving up some money in anticipation of going though . 
  so basically i wan na know how much money this trip cost you . 
  i would like to know how far off i am from achieving my goal of seeing europe . 
  i have about $ 1800 saved up so far . 
  damn . 
  the school i attended was founded in 1998 . 
  i graduated in 2005 . 
  so it was n't even ten years old when i graduated . 
  we got some catching up to do . 
  i know what neo means . 
  i am simply saying people misuse that prefix , rendering it useless and/or misleading . 
  i understand that . 
  it 's just that i see that term misused frequently , and it is usually misused when trying to label and dismiss someone you disagree with . 
  and i am not specifically referring to just the term `` neoliberal '' , but `` neo '' anything . 
  i never see `` neo '' associated with anything good , and it typically is used to taint an ideology/view without having to actually come up with a valid criticism about it . 
  anyway , it 's not really a big deal , and is certainly not worth the time getting into an argument over . 
  i am just making an observation here . 
  that 's really it . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  you gleaned that i do not care about anyone but myself because i made a comment about the guardian ? 
  jesus titty fucking christ dude , you are reading way too much into my comments . 
   and here comes an american talking about `` lefties '' . 
  do you even know what that means ? 
  who are these `` lefties '' you are talking about ? 
  there are none in us politics , that 's for sure . 
  my god , different cultures/countries have different frames of reference as to what is right and left of the political spectrum . 
  stop projecting your cultural frame of reference on to mine . 
  and drop the `` here comes an american talking ... '' bullshit . 
  i could easily say `` here comes another dipshit european incapable of understanding anything outside his own eurocentric bubble '' , but that would make me come across as a giant douche bag . 
  chill the hell out man .
