  at worst , some people are simply apathetic about europe , but no one really hates europe at all . 
  not to sound patronizing or anything , but we usually view europe kinda like an open air museum . 
  a great place to visit for a few weeks before it 's time to head back to the us . 
  almost everyone would love to visit europe . 
  but i have never met anyone who wanted to move there . 
  not because europe is bad or anything though . 
  it 's just that life is really good here so there is no incentive to leave . 
  why is the allure so strong ? 
  what draws people to these `` black flags '' ? 
  not op , but a friend of mine is from latvia . 
  he does n't find potato jokes funny . 
  stereotypes often exist for a reason . 
  this stereotype is 100 % spot on . 
  many of us identify ourselves by our ancestry , so we would say we are irish/german/italian or whatever if those are your dominant sources of ancestry . 
  it gets pretty damn hard though the longer your family has been there . 
  if i have children with anyone that does n't have my exact ethnic makeup , then the most percentage of anything my children will be is 25 % irish . 
  for the latest census , i had some government employee come to my house and ask how i identified myself ( i.e. 
  italian , greek , polish , etc. . . ) . 
  i decided for the first time to just say `` american '' since i could n't actually find irish-hungarian anywhere on the list . 
  but yeah , most of us at this point are all 1/4 x , 1/8 y and 1/16 z. 
  it does n't really make much sense for us to continue identifying ourselves by our roots , yet we still do it . 
  sadly , we often need a reminder that these are people , not just numbers , and not a disease . 
  thanks for doing your part to remind us to find our humanity . 
  it can be really easy to lose unfortunately . 
  they take all that fat chicks . 
  i 'm actually serious about that . 
  black dudes love fat white chicks . 
  no one really knows why , but at least someone out there is banging the fatties . 
  land whales need lovin ' too, 
  am i the only american here that has no experience with slavic women ? 
  i make a few silly comments , and bros come out of the woodwork warning me about these chicks . 
  i do n't know if i am more turned on by slavic women , or terrified of them . 
  thanks !, 
  i appreciate the support . 
  have you seen my agenda ? 
  it 's filled with all sorts of pithy comments . 
  i got one for every situation . 
  why yes , i did like that . 
  anyone have putin 's number ? 
  someone needs to call him and tell him that i 'm oppressing all sorts of russians in my bedroom . 
  seriously though , those russian women are very , very good looking . 
  we need a special visa category just for them . 
  this is what ultimatums are for . 
  just scare her a bit and tell her that she either starts cooking , or you 'll write `` return to sender '' on her forehead and put her on a one way plane ride back to ukraine . 
  but if what if those russian soldiers are really hot , female soldiers ? 
  i would be ok with that . 
  lefties love to ban everything they do n't like , especially opinions . 
  damn ... russian women are very , very attractive . 
  perhaps i should consider a mail order bride more seriously . 
  do russian women cook also ? 
  a lot of people who have never been there think sweden has turned itself to somalia 2.0 . 
  for people who have never even seen sweden , and only learn about it on reddit , this is very troubling . 
  i think this is mostly a reaction for the other circle jerk surrounding sweden . 
  that it is a utopia . 
  so people are trying to find reasons to show that sweden is not paradise at all , but is becoming a living hell on earth . 
  admittedly i have never been to sweden , but i am guessing portraying sweden as either heaven or hell is disingenuous . 
  sweden is probably a disappointingly normal country , with normal problems . 
  but circle jerks are more fun than reality , so that 's what you get when it comes to sweden . 
  no one wants a plan b because of the message it would send ? 
  they have to have a backup plan , they 've had years to prepare . 
  how is flying blind a better plan than putting together actual contingency plans ? 
  these guys are not instilling much confidence , which is precisely the thing they need to be doing now . 
  hosting concentration camps is an interesting way of putting it . 
  poles must be the most hospitable people on the planet if they graciously host the people who exterminated half their population . 
  that is basically the same thing . 
  i always knew the french stole the phrase `` faux pas '' from americans . 
  that does n't even sound french . 
  the french are so unoriginal ... no culture of their own whatsoever . 
  kal 's cartoon from this weeks economist seems very [ appropriate ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/full-width/images/2015/04/articles/main/20150425_wwd000.jpg ), 
  huh . 
  so the vacation i am taking to the uk in july is just in my mind , and none of us poor americans can afford vacations ? 
  damn , thanks for telling me about my own country . 
  i never knew all those vacations i have taken in the last few years were simply dreams . 
  can any other europeans out there tell us americans what life is actually like in our country ? 
  apparently we are n't enlightened enough to realize we 're all dirt poor and our lives are miserable . 
  who knew ? 
  according to / r/europe , your experience must be made up bullshit and you are simply blinded by american nationalism . 
  you 're real bill must have been close to a trillion dollars , and the hospital walls were actually covered in bloody hand prints . 
   the american working class is absolutely worse off than most of the european working class , no matter how you cut it . 
  not at all . 
  the american middle class is one of the most prosperous in the world . 
  it is not `` absolutely worse off '' by any metric . 
  the american middle class is in fact broadly similar to most western european/nordic countries , and better off than southern and eastern european countries . 
  thanks for taking the time to clear up the confusion . 
  this makes a lotta sense now . 
  you 're going a little over the top here . 
  i understand what you are getting at . 
  but there are clear distinctions between a religious marriage and a marriage recognized by the state . 
  the fact that the same word applies is used for both causes this confusion where both sides kinda agree with each other , but end up talking past each other . 
  i think the best approach would be just to use a different term for a union that exists within the confines of a religion , and a union that exists within a state for legal purposes . 
  because when the same term is used for both , each side feels like they are being trampled on . 
  the problem with that though , is some people feel like using different terms is inherently discriminatory . 
  it does n't have to be that way though . 
  a compromise could be had . 
  i get what you are trying to say , but you worded it poorly so you 'll basically be attacked and downvoted for what you said . 
  basically , marriage is a critical component of many religions , and those religions specify that marriage is solely between a man and a woman . 
  but the government has its own definitions of marriage . 
  however , the same word is often used to describe those two separate things . 
  my opinion is not too strong on this subject at all , but i guess it would be helpful if they separated the two . 
  so that marriage within the confines of a religion is open only to what that religion allows .
