  i 'm just including this so no one gets on my ass . 
  thanks for the context . 
  that really sucks to have people assume you 're a thieving gypsy . 
  do you mind elaborating on that a little ? 
  why would someone check their wallet ? 
  i really did n't see the big deal in what she said , but i 'm glad she said it . 
  some of those pictures were fucking hilarious . 
  actually it 's difficult to say which country is third or fourth . 
  it depends on how you judge it . 
  if you factor in things such as lakes , islands , and disputed territories ( especially if the chinese want to count taiwan ) , the difference in size is close and could swing either way . 
  it 's easier just to say they are basically the same size . 
  not every state is fortunate enough to be endowed with the land , natural resources , and politicians with some backbone as texas is . 
  i find it rather amusing to see rick perry sell the low tax texas brand to the citizens of california and new york . 
  it 's like he 's rubbing salt in the wounds . 
  yep i agree . 
  i 've lived in/been to many states , but the differences are relatively topical . 
  considering i 'm an arizona native , the differences between nogales , az and nogales , mexico are much more striking than the differences between states . 
  compared to that border , we 're 99 % the same and 1 % details . 
  does n't it seem a bit reactionary to make such a big deal out of someone calling you reactionary ? 
  i think generalizations kind of come with the territory here . 
  obviously it leads to inaccurate/misleading comparisons , but to constantly mention the caveats and the subtleties missed would make many comments way too damn wordy . 
  we 're writing comments on reddit , not novels . 
  plus , nobody here is an expert on every region in the world and all of the nuances to be found in each region . 
  therefore generalizing , while annoying , is kind of necessary at some level to even attempt the types of discussions that occur here . 
  did you even read what you sent me or did you expect me not to read it . 
  here is your first comment :  labour : who the hell can compete with usa 's prison complex ? 
  the usa can compete with mexicos labour market because it only pays 20 cents on the hour to prisoners who create stuff from virtually all military equipment to stuff they sell in wallmart . 
  it is quite absolutely the modern day form of slavery . 
  the article you linked contained not one word about this . 
  try again . 
  but let me guess , you know more than anyone on this issue . 
  i guess it does n't matter that i have worked several jobs creating military equipment , and the only people i worked with were well paid engineers and technicians . 
  but i 'll let you continue that there is a vast slave network building fighter jets and reactor cores for aircraft carriers . 
  and thanks for just ignoring the rest of your factual errors in your first comment . 
  sorry but suggesting i watch `` food inc '' does n't win arguments . 
  neither does a huffpo blog in which nothing you referenced earlier was actually in the damn article . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  that comment had the coherence and factual content of a rant from a twelve year old child . 
  that was the coolest comment i 've ever read on reddit . 
  true the blood we have in common part was a bit of a stretch . 
  but i find some of these numbers to be rather amusing . 
  these are demographic numbers i found from wikipedia : total population ( of white people in the us ) 223,553,265 [ 3 ] 72.4 % of the total u.s. population in 2010 \u2022 non-hispanic white 196,817,552 [ 3 ] 63.7 % of the total u.s. population in 2010 \u2022 white hispanic or latino americans 26,735,713 [ 3 ] 8.7 % of the united states population 2010 it 's no surprise that there are a lot of white people in america , or that white people form a majority in america , everyone knows that . 
  my point is to show that the 200 + million white people living here makes america the single largest country by population of people with people with european blood . 
  that 's rather significant in my opinion . 
  that just goes to show how similar we are with respect to other countries . 
  as to the rest of your comment , you and i see eye to eye . 
  i honestly can not think of another relationship between two powers to have contributed so much positive to human history than the relationship between us . 
  it 's sad that there is so much ambivalence towards this relationship . 
  i think it is self evident that we are better together than with the likes of russia , china , iran ... 
  i honestly do n't think the relationship between us is that bad , and the shit you see on reddit/the internet in general is just a certain subset of peoples ' opinions . 
  i certainly do n't have any animosity towards europeans , and i 'd like to think they can say a good thing or two about us as well . 
  i have definitely been guilty of flinging shit here and else where on the internet . 
  i usually do n't mean what i say , i just talk shit sometimes . 
  i believe most of the time it 's the same type of deal when the shit is getting hurled over here . 
   we are the west this is exactly how i feel . 
  it 's sad to see americans and europeans flinging shit at each other like we 're a bunch of god damn monkeys . 
  together we invented the modern world , and we have more in common via the blood we share in our veins , the blood we 've shed together , our history and culture are entwined , and we are closer with each other than any other region in the world . 
  unfortunately , we treat each other with contempt all too often here . 
  i do n't know , maybe it 'll turn around . 
  that is a pretty rotten legacy to leave behind . 
  what a douche bag . 
  for some reason this struck as pretty low for a businessman :  he was the speaker of the business owners association , instead of defending that the government should make easier to start a business he fought to protect current businesses from competition . 
  so he used government resources to build his businesses , then used his connections to prevent new businesses from being created . 
  how does this fucker sleep at night ? 
  it 's bad enough using your own businesses as your piggy bank , but preventing others from even starting a business which they may intend to run honestly is adding insult to injury . 
  fuck this asshole . 
   it would be close to a failed state . 
  were you born this stupid or do you have to put in an extra effort to come across as such a moron . 
  several hundred thousand americans have died in european wars . 
  i 'm not trying to compare body counts , but ties between nations can be rocky over the course of a century . 
  it happens to be that europe is paying a price for these relationships with the us now . 
  but there was a time when america was asking the same questions about the benefits of our relationship with countries in europe . 
  i 'd like to think that over the course of the last century that the relationship between america and europe was beneficial as opposed to for the worse . 
  i 'd like that relationship to continue . 
  that 's just my opinion though , and i 'd certainly understand if you were to disagree . 
  what drugs have you been taking ? 
  i did n't know they pulled that sort of bullshit outside of america . 
  it 's just funny because i hate that show too . 
  and i hate how they play five episodes of the same shit in a row . 
  i just did n't think there were others out there passionately ranting to strangers about how much they hate garage wars . 
  i thought i was the only one who did that . 
  evidently , you * really * dislike garage wars . 
  sure but you have to be realistic . 
  right now , renewables just ca n't compete with fossil fuels without massive subsidies . 
  also natural gas is the cleanest fossil fuel since it 's simply methane . 
  obviously having every country be energy self sufficient with renewables would be ideal . 
  but we live in the real world , not some fantasy planet . 
  therefore natural gas via fracking is the best we can do . 
  the problem is energy from renewables is significantly more expensive than natural gas . 
  it 's less consistent . 
  it is harder to transport over long distances as well . 
  in addition , natural gas is more versatile . 
  it can be the source of energy for a power plant , or be used as the fuel for vehicles . 
  this development could save any entity that has fleets of vehicles ( governments , transportation companies ) millions and millions of dollars . 
  you ca n't exactly power trucks with solar panels and wind turbines . 
  the kyoto protocol expired on december 31st , 2012 . 
  there is no replacement . 
  in an amusing twist , america was the first country to meet the emissions targets , and possibly the only country to do so ... and they did n't even sign the damn thing . 
  you did not phrase yourself incorrectly . 
  one of the shittiest things about what we export is how crappy and bland it is .
