  really ? 
  the only reason for over population in african countries is the pope does n't like condoms ? 
  you ca n't think of any other reasons ? 
  yeah i know it 's a british magazine , i subscribe to it :d i just did n't know for sure if they had regional covers on their magazine until today . 
  i have to say though , the cover they have for europe is a lot more entertaining then the one they have for the us . 
  those quotes are all hilarious . 
  oddly , i was just wondering if they had different covers for different countries . 
  i found it weird that they chose [ this ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/print-cover-full/print-covers/20150620_cna400.jpg ) as their cover this week in light of all the other things going on in the world . 
  i assumed that this must be targeted at a us audience . 
  looks like they do switch up covers for different parts of the world . 
  at least you have mountains like the carpathians nearby . 
  the midwest part of the us is basically flat everywhere . 
  i would have to drive nearly 15 hours to see the nearest mountain . 
  it 's just farms and hills outside of the city . 
  no variation whatsoever . 
  ha ha . 
  no worries . 
  we are on the other side of the world ... it 's hard to keep track of all those time zones . 
  but man ... i wish i was in hawaii . 
  instead i 'm living in a small city surrounded by corn fields and beans in every direction . 
  that 's something we can both agree on . 
  down with the fascists !, 
  down with gmo burgers !, 
  it 's a small city in the midwest area of the us . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it 's only 10 am where i am , and i just read the first article about this like 30 minutes ago , basically right before your post . 
  so you know as much as i do . 
  his picture has been released , and he looks like a fucking psycho . 
  i also read in an article that one of his family members gave him a pistol for his birthday a few months back . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must be like to be that guy that gave him a gun he murdered people with . 
  it 's a really fucked up situation . 
  a lot of families are learning that someone they love was executed in a church of all places . 
  this will be all over the news for a while , so expect a shit storm for the next couple of days/weeks as more details come to light , and the usual debate about guns fires up again . 
  sadly , the victims will be quickly forgotten in all this . 
  he 's a fucked up , pile of human garbage . 
  that 's how . 
  he should have put the gun to his chin and done the world a favor . 
  not sure ... but i learned to not care about down votes a while ago . 
  i have asked questions like this before , and was accused of being ignorant for not knowing them already , or lazy since i did n't just google my questions . 
  maybe it 's a little bit of that . 
  i 'm just trying to have a conversation here with people in other countries , and learn a little something while i 'm at it . 
  maybe some people do n't like the tone of my questions either . 
  who knows ... i do n't really care though . 
  that 's what i was initially thinking . 
  him being from latin america would make him a good intermediary . 
  but i guess there are number of other reasons beyond that also . 
  sounds like our holidays ( veteran 's day , memorial day etc. . . ) and our festival days ( st. patrick 's day , cinco de mayo ) ... no one cares what the event is for , it 's just an excuse to party . 
  and do most big cities in spain have a patron saint ? 
  i do n't know if a single saint has come from america so that concept does n't really exist here . 
   if i was surrounded by religious crazies like the ones i read about on reddit , maybe i would be more against religion . 
  that 's the funny thing ... i too only read about those crazies on reddit and i do not meet them in real life at all . 
  i get the impression that the american atheists on reddit vastly overstate the degree of religiosity in the us to make them stand out more , otherwise no one would really care that they are athiests . 
  and replying to your other comment :  being an atheist does n't mean hating religious people not usually , but it does coincide a lot on reddit . 
  for some reason being an atheist and denigrating religious people is just a feature of this site ... not sure why , but it 's unfortunate in my opinion . 
  meh ... it happens . 
  i 'm not too worried about it . 
  i got some genuine responses so i that 's all i care about . 
  seriously ... i hate those ignorant fucks . 
  if anything , there were n't enough swastikas on those pictures . 
  do you get time off for those festivals ? 
  the only religious holidays we get off here are christmas and easter , neither are unique to catholicism . 
  ha ha . 
  did you give him a zero or something ? 
   greece leaving will make the euro zone stronger , not weaker . 
  you say this as if it is certain ... no one actually knows for sure if it will make it stronger or weaker . 
  it 's complete guesswork at this point . 
  what exactly did they ask you ? 
  it 's hard to tell from this graph , but did they simply ask you if you like `` x '' leader , `` yes or no '' ? 
  what i mean is , did they give you scale to judge a leader ( i.e. 
  strongly dislike to strongly like ) or was it simply `` like '' or `` dislike '' ? 
  oh shit ... yeah i just guessed the weather was warm and sunny year round . 
  i get the impression that not being religious and disliking religion are one in the same to a lot of people here . 
  let 's be honest , not a lot of positive comments are made about anything related to religion on this site . 
  i 'd trying moving to one of the islands , live in a shack near the beach , and drink ouzo and fish all day , waiting for things to return to normal . 
  it also depends on if they get booted from the eu . 
  if greece was able to stay in the schengen area , i would probably try getting the hell out . 
  i 'm not sure what would happen to all the greeks in europe if they suddenly found themselves no longer citizens of the eu . 
  good point . 
  had n't thought about it like that . 
  yeah i think that `` man of the people '' image is genuine , and it attracts a lot of people right now . 
  we 've basically seen in the last 5 years countless lives ruined by financial crisis while bankers and politicians endlessly enrich themselves . 
  it 's no wonder that disillusioned people would gravitate towards a man who seems to stand against all that . 
   it is said that he played an important role in the us and cuba normalizing their relations . 
  i heard that too , but i still do n't understand how he could have been a useful intermediary . 
  cuba is communist and has an atheist government , while the us is a nominally secular government , so i do n't get the link with the pope . 
  i think i just underestimate the power and influence the pope/catholic church still has . 
  interesting map . 
  i tend to forget that in other countries , you could have religious subjects be taught in public schools . 
  that 's not really how it works in my country ( and yet , people seem to be more religious over all here ) . 
  anyway , it 's good to see that people actually view the pope favorably there . 
  i just assume that everyone hates everything related to religion , which is a shame in my opinion . 
  religion , and the catholics church are often immensely positive things ... but few people on this site would ever publicly admit that . 
  really ? 
  i guess it 's hard to tell from the other side of the atlantic , especially when observing europe through the reddit filter ( which is usually highly critical of anything related to religion ) . 
  honestly i would have expected him to be one of the least liked leaders in the world simply because he is the head of the catholic church . 
  i guess this just goes to show how poor of a tool reddit can be for trying to understand other countries . 
  i thought spain was almost entirely non religious at this point ( well , according to reddit anyway ) . 
  and yet the pope is by far the most respected international leader ... what gives ? 
  is catholicism still big in spain ? 
   are they referred to as `` polish death camps '' in the us or generally in english even ?
