  never . 
  i have only ever heard `` concentration camp '' . 
  maybe obama called them polish death camps once or something , who knows . 
  but even if he did , everyone would know that he meant `` death camps in poland '' . 
  this is just a made up controversy in my opinion . 
  i never heard of `` polish death camps '' until i saw polish people complaining about it on this sub . 
  why is that their goal ? 
  i do n't think many germans or americans think those death camps were run by poles , and the phrase `` polish death camps '' is virtually never used ( `` concentration camps '' is the only term i have personally ever heard being used ) . 
  this will just confuse a lot of americans since this would be seemingly coming out of nowhere . 
  it 's a few decades late for this , and it addresses a controversy that does n't exist . 
  this is a pointless campaign in my opinion . 
  they also export tremendous amounts of oil and natural gas . 
  what 's your point ? 
  what the hell was that a video of ? 
  i just saw a bunch of people dancing around and banging on drums ... is that somehow supposed to be a propaganda video or something ? 
  so how old will your child be when you buy your kid it 's first track suit ? 
  thanks for entertaining my questions and being honest !, 
  i do have to say i got a kick out of the fact that you like southern accents and not our typical accent . 
  here the southern accent is generally frowned upon and we view our typical accent as * the * standard . 
  so it 's kinda funny to see the roles reversed . 
  of course you are right . 
  it 's hard to be an irrelevant country when you are the biggest country in the world , most nukes , supply the primary vehicle for moving astronauts to space ( something my own country can not even do anymore ) , provide vast amounts of natural resources to various countries , and supply nuclear technology to countries around the world including european ones like finland and hungary . 
  russia had all of those things going for it before putin started messing around with georgia and ukraine . 
  it 's a nice narrative that russia was a worthless backwater and so it had to invade other countries to make itself relevant again , but it 's just not true . 
  it 's power certainly diminished from its zenith in the soviet union , but it was always a major power . 
  interesting . 
  do they just sound stupid to you or something ? 
  it 's just weird since it 's kinda hard to imagine the accent you speak in sounding bizarre to someone else . 
  do you dislike all american accents ? 
  like southern accents also ? 
  but it 's hilarious when that happens ... 
  why do you find it displeasing ? 
  what accent would you prefer ? 
  would you also find it displeasing if they spoke with a scottish accent or a new zealand accent ? 
  thanks for providing a translation , otherwise i never would have been able to figure out what that mysterious second word was . 
  but it 's also not in their best interests to make a mess of their own countries either . 
  perhaps they made a cold calculation that they would rather see italy a mess than their own countries . 
  or maybe the just have no idea what the hell to do . 
  who knows honestly , there are n't a whole lot of good options here . 
  nation building takes a long time and a lot of money . 
  plus people are shooting at you the entire time . 
  plus half those people do n't even want to be in the same nation anymore . 
  no thanks . 
  how do irish travellers get their campers over to the uk ? 
  do they somehow travel between the islands ? 
   the ( frankly stupid ) ring trick , three-card monte ... what are these ? 
  how do these scams work ? 
  so this sect that is expanding is so promising that you can not remember the name of it , and no one else seems to have heard of it ? 
  that 's not very encouraging . 
  and this norwegian study you did n't link is countered by overwhelming evidence that second generations are in fact more radical than their parents ' generation . 
  also , not very encouraging . 
  who 's to say russia wants allies ? 
  what if they are satisfied with subjects ? 
  maybe greece and turkey can form a new union . 
  what should it be called ? 
   after all , what will the elected officials do when they need to pay their people and their computer says no ? 
  get a new computer that says yes :d, 
  i do n't know what to buy , so i 'll just start throwing piles of money at anything that moves . 
  i have something like [ this ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2183/2104520303_98f11c2224.jpg ) in mind . 
  elaborate . 
  how can i profit off of misery . 
  that 's what you want us to think :d i 'm on to you russkie, 
  good to know . 
  by the way , thanks for taking these questions . 
  that takes a lot of courage . 
  just out of curiosity , do you think muslims would speak out against terrorism if they were n't themselves targets of terrorism ? 
  you mention correctly that muslims are killed in greater numbers than non muslims . 
  what if that was n't true ? 
  what if muslims only massacred non muslims ? 
  would muslims speak out against terrorism in that case ? 
  i think now is not the time to be discussing who is to blame for the fire . 
  now is the time to be putting out the fire . 
  europe needs to decisively put an end to the crisis as soon as possible . 
  there will be plenty of time to sort out the blame later . 
  but in the meantime , do n't use the lives of millions as pawns in a game between politicians . 
  i think it would be a shame to let the animus between government officials translate into casting an entire country into penury . 
  it seems like this dispute is mostly between stubborn , egotistical politicians on both sides ... and they are using the lives of millions of people as bargaining chips . 
  that 's the tragedy here . 
  are you implying that a grexit would exacerbate tensions between the uk and the eu , and entrench the possibility of the uk leaving even more ? 
  the definition of oppressed has changed a lot over the generations . 
  in case of paywall :  `` no role models , '' says zvezdelina atanassova when asked why education is not valued in lozenets . 
  in this roma ( gypsy ) neighbourhood in stara zagora , a town of 138,000 in south-eastern bulgaria , she is a rarity : a roma , a woman and a student . 
  girls here rarely study beyond primary school . 
  boys drop out around 15 , as soon as they can get a driving licence . 
  asked about their aspirations , seven in ten say they want to become pimps , laments gantcho iliev , who runs a charity working with lozenets ' youth . 
  no other occupation comes with a big house , posh car and the attention of attractive women . 
   roma make up 5 % of bulgaria 's population , says the census . 
  yet this is an underestimate , as many distrust officials and refuse to register , or misstate their ethnicity because prejudice equates it with backwardness and petty crime . 
  across europe , half of roma lack such amenities as running water . 
  only 15 % have secondary education . 
   the roma population is also younger and faster-growing . 
  one in five labour-market entrants in bulgaria and romania is a roma , says the world bank ; one in six in hungary and slovakia . 
  yet their job prospects are little better than their parents ' . 
  school dropout rates are high [ ( see chart 2 ) ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/print-edition/20150606_euc532.png ) . 
  custom values a bride 's virginity and traditional household role over education . 
  many parents , worried about their daughters mingling with boys , pull them out of school and marry them off . 
  in the poorest families children often skip school to work . 
   schools in roma neighbourhoods , where 30-60 % of them live , are dismal . 
  segregation is common . 
  over a quarter of roma pupils in bulgarian and romanian schools , and half in hungarian ones , are taught in separate classrooms .
