  do you feel some tangential relationship with the uk because you still kneel to the queen ? 
  what makes you special ? 
  last i saw you were a rump on our northern border . 
  a place our sports teams groaned about because they needed passports to go there . 
  by the way , thank you for : justin bieber , nickleback , celine dion , alanis morriset , avril lavine ... we are etarnally indebted to you . 
  edit : i should have deleted this post , but to hell with it , i 've been drinking . 
  i stand by my statements . 
  this is the best post i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  do you have more of these pictures ? 
  or will you ignore this comment because i 'm american ? 
  yeah i was just trying to have a little fun by taking pot shots at our political system . 
  accusing them of intentionally creating crises is an unreasonable overestimation of their intelligence and capabilities , 
  i do n't know how your politicians work , but in america as soon as one fire gets put out , they begin gathering the firewood to start a new blaze so they can justify their existence . 
  i thought that 's how all politicians operated . 
  when your house is burning , do you think about putting out the fire ? 
  or do you think about putting a fresh coat of paint in the living room five years from now ? 
  you should work at a travel agency . 
  your comment would make a very compelling advertisement . 
  and since i have no wife , is there a possibility of me impregnating a british lady , and then abandoning her with a worthless half breed ? 
  ( in case you did n't know , american seed is of the poorest quality . 
  it 's like the mcdonald 's of sperm ) . 
  i 'm just wondering if this cross pollination works in both directions , or if it 's only american women that wind up with the gift that keeps on growing . 
  i 'll just act like i know everything then ... or keep my mouth shut and only speak when spoken to . 
  so they wo n't get annoyed if i inquire about their culture ? 
  ok , i was n't being totally honest . 
  i meant to say we ca n't regulate what we eat without supervision . 
  we either starve from neglect , or burst from over indulgence . 
  i 'll make sure to bring my freedom inspection kit to verify it for myself . 
  it 's a standard issue kit the us government gives all citizens upon leaving the country ( although it might be a bit biased , it can only measure between `` absolute tyranny '' and `` socialist scum '' ) . 
  will you promise to not judge me too much when i mention how peculiar your accent is , and how your buildings are older than our nation ? 
  the world is scary outside our oceans ( i actually only found out that there * is * a world outside our oceans a few weeks ago on reddit , i thought it was mostly myths and rumors ) , so i would appreciate it if you would go easy on me . 
  plus , like most americans , i require constant supervision . 
  we are prone to getting lost , forgetting to feed ourselves , and getting into debates we know nothing about . 
  we 're kind of a big commitment . 
  if i was an unemployed spaniard , i 'd become a locksmith right now . 
  there seems to be a lot of work out there now , and somebody has to do it ... it 's better than * your * house being foreclosed on . 
  i 'm a common american ... 
  i guess i 'll stay here and feel sad . 
  i just wanted to go to your country and see how free you are . 
  oh well , i 'll leave you alone now . 
  sounds like your country needs to ban hands . 
  relax man , it was just a distasteful joke . 
  ehh ... 
  i spent a month working in india , have a number of indian friends , and work with a lot of indians now that i am back in the states . 
  maybe the indians on reddit dislike the british , but most indians that i encountered were fond of the british . 
  since india has been conquered so many times , by so many different groups , the british are hard to single out as a particular group to be hated . 
  i remember reading in an indian paper when i was there that the indians have a strange view of their former overlords . 
  they refer to the moghul 's as the great conquerors ( great , because of the era of cultural and architectural proliferation ) , and they refer to the british as the great educators . 
  it goes without saying that there are nationalistic groups within india who would not agree with what i wrote above . 
  however , the english language is pretty much worshipped there , and as such , they view england and america as pretty much equally amazing destinations . 
  basically , a huge portion of the middle class defines `` cool '' as england and america . 
  the hate you were seeing on that sub reddit , although probably genuine , is in no way the majority . 
  ha ha . 
  now you know . 
  that is not to be confused with the north american marlon brando look-alikes . 
  have you heard of nambla ? 
  i thought europeans frowned on demonstrative muscle cars , especially anything that stinks of american excess . 
  you have no love for an adorable little fiat ? 
  how much money does italy owe you ? 
  have you kept your receipts ? 
  no problem . 
  try typing . xmt at the end of the url . 
  this usually tricks nytimes in to thinking you visisted their site from google news or other similar sites . 
  i do n't know if they fixed that , but that 's how i always circumvented their pay wall . 
  very interesting read , but the future holds many surprises . 
  i would like an update from the same author when us americans jump off the fiscal cliff unnecessarily to score political points . 
  our `` classic v shaped curve '' may turn into 75 % of a w curve . 
  in that case , the bulk of the western world will project an image of pettiness for the globe to laugh at . 
  it looks we 're in a race to the bottom . 
  at least that 's one thing america and europe can agree on . 
  i think what they 're saying is you 're a useless necessity . 
  the keystone in the arch that can be discarded . 
  you should also take comfort knowing that even if the entire russian army is shooting at you while you are running for cover , their bullets will always be a step behind , and they will never consider leading you a little bit so you run into their fire . 
  also , even if you only have a pistol , you will be able to snipe people on the run from 500 meters away , and you never have to reload . 
  reloading is below the main character 's dignity . 
  thanks for clarifying that . 
  i honestly imagined most films were n't sub titled or dubbed over . 
  europeans definitely show a lot more patience in this regard than their american counterparts . 
  i think europe also has more american movies available than america has european films . 
  generally speaking , only highly acclaimed films make their way accross the pond . 
  even then , most casual movie go-ers would rather just see an american film . 
  and to your final point , i think you are right . 
  america just has the ability to make any fucking movie they feel like it , whereas european countries probably make fewer , but better movies ... either because of pride , or pragmatism . 
  yeah i guess your first point is broadly true , it is a fact that probably goes unrecognized all too often . 
  as for your second point , i definitely agree . 
  especially since i spent the first 25 years of my life living in arizona , and the mexican culture has a huge influence ( especially food and beer ) . 
  but that has more to do with mexico bordering america . 
  i highly doubt there would be as large of an exchange had we not been neighbors . 
  also , as someone else pointed out to me , this conversation is now branching off to consider more than just movies and tv shows . 
  or at least , that is all i was really consedering . 
  certainly cuisine is huge part of culture , and that has otherwise been neglected in this thread , as has other things such as : art , architecture , religion , politics etc. . . 
  there is much room to broaden the scope of what `` culture '' , or `` media '' meen in this thread . 
  no , or at least i have n't intended to . 
  most of the conversation in this thread have been about the `` americanization '' of other countries/culture . 
  in this case movies and/or tv shows being the most influential vehicle for pushing `` americanization '' abroad . 
  if you want to broaden the scope of the use of `` culture '' in this thread to include other mediums for advancing culture , that can certainly come into this discussion . 
  i was mostly building on many other comments in this thread . 
  those comments have centered around movie/tv shows/music . 
  therefore , the context of my comments have revolved around those three . 
  i am not dismissing other manifestations of culture , i just have n't mentioned them because , well , nobody else really has either .
