  the americans have never stonewalled or hindered us in any way . 
  on the contrary , their cooperation has been most constructive in every respect . 
  our internal audit team was present last year during the on-site removal of gold bars and closely monitored everything . 
  the smelting process is also being monitored by independent experts . '', 
  is there anything europeans wo n't bitch about when it comes to the us ? 
  even when german leaders are saying all the gold is there and being taken care of , you guys still want to believe the evil us stole it all . 
  you guys are hopeless . 
  how is cyprus ranked # 3 when it comes to its impact on science and technology ? 
  and how the fuck do countries like bosnia and icelenad contribute more to science and technology than the us ? 
  thank god we at least beat trinidad and tobago when it comes to our impact on culture . 
  at least we have that going for us . 
  i think the methodology behind this survey was `` smoke a bunch of weed and randomly throw a dart at map '' . 
  i would think whoever was involved with compiling this list would have looked at their various rankings and thought `` we fucked something up '' . 
  how does botswana rank higher than than norway when it comes to prosperity and equality ? 
  this survey should be cross posted to / r/wtf or / r/funny . 
  every time putin farts , europe shits it 's pants . 
  i do n't know if austria can spare the $ 12000 they apparently owe the irs . 
  that kinda money is a back breaker . 
  if i had to guess , i would guess you 're an american who gets off on pretending to be a snobby european who looks down on americans . 
  although i not certain about that , i am certain you 're a douche . 
  is school mandatory in france ? 
  it seems bizarre that you can just not send your kids to school with no legal repercussions . 
  or do they just look the other way when it comes to gypsy kids ? 
  do you do anything else on reddit besides troll ? 
   that was because usa puritans try to distance themselves on various way from european christians so they adopted this from the jew 's how do you know this ? 
   dont you find suspicious that this scientific evidence is adopted in usa but ignored on europe ? 
  not at all . 
  they might have even agreed on the science , but not adopted the practice . 
  there is a divergence of views in the us on a number of things that have scientific backing . 
  consider gmo 's and fracking . 
  two things widely adopted in the us , but shunned by europeans for ... well , who the hell knows . 
  even though there is some scientific consensus on both sides of the atlantic when it comes to those two , in practice there is quite the divergence . 
  circumcision could be similar . 
  i should note though that i am not a historian on the practice of circumcision , and have no idea why it is practiced widely in america and not europe . 
  not only am i not sure about this , i do n't really care either . 
  so whereas i am open to discussing this issue , i am in no mood to get in a heated debate over it . 
  i have neither the knowledge nor the will to get into a serious debate over this . 
  not only are the two completely incomparable , there are completely different reasons * behind the practice of circumcision for boys and fgm . 
  circumcising males in the us began with the backing of the medical community and the body of scientific evidence at the time that showed that circumcised penises were less likely to transmit stds , and were more hygienic than uncircumcised ones . 
  this debate is still ongoing , but since people now mostly shower daily the point of hygiene is less of an issue . 
  it 's funny how one generation ago , we kind of thought eurobros were backwards for * not * circumcising boys , and were prone to having disgusting dick cheese . 
  now europeans look down on us for circumcising boys and call the practice barbaric even just a short time ago it was considered healthy . 
  fgm is not done for any medical reasons at all , it is purely a cultural thing . 
  * the exception to circumcising being done for reasons other than cultural reasons do not apply to jews , since that as far as i know is done for cultural reasons similar to fgm ( although i 'm not jewish so i do n't know how accurate that is ), 
  unfortunately , that number will probably be higher . 
  from the looks of it , flooding is extensive . 
  those pictures almost remind me of the ones from the japanese tsunami where cars were being swept away like toys . 
  is there any word on how much of the country is effected ? 
  with a headline like that , you could write opinion pieces for the guardian . 
  you 're not missing much . 
  you 're right . 
  i did n't read that article . 
  i just jumped to the comments section . 
  i do that from time to time . 
  and yes , i did not know how thoroughly he was beaten when i made that comment . 
  but if you [ read ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/28g7py/roma_boy_left_unconscious_after_being_savagely/ciaq0uv ) that comment with respect to the comment i replied to , i never said this kid deserved to get brutally beaten and left for dead . 
  either way , i am not really interested in debating a comment i made several hours ago . 
  this kid got fucked up , and i think that is more important than pointing fingers at other redditors for making potentially insensitive comments . 
  no casinos in your area i take it : b, 
  google translate found that one !, 
  are you teaching me insults , insulting me , or both :d, 
  are you intentionally trying to start up the almost weekly debate of `` which is more racist ? 
  europe or america '' ? 
  that 's so fucking overdone on reddit it 's beyond ridiculous at this point . 
  what exactly are you trying to prove here anyway ? 
  the article here is about a boy who was beaten and left for dead . 
  can we stay on topic please and not just try to fan the flames of a stupid , pointless debate ? 
  i do n't think anyone saw that picture yet . 
  the news yesterday was that some gypsy kid got his ass kicked after stealing some stuff . 
  i do n't think the news mentioned he was kidnapped , trapped in a basement , beaten so badly he is in a medically induced coma with multiple skull fractures , and then left to die alone in a fucking shopping cart . 
  that is a game changer . 
  i am not saying that people were right for wishing this kid a good beating . 
  i am just saying most people probably were n't aware of how horrific this whole thing was . 
  that picture is seriously disturbing . 
  i ca n't imagine how people can do that to another human being . 
  i always forget i can just use google if i want to know the answer to something . 
  what industries are in luxemburg ? 
  how is everyone there so rich if i have never heard of a damn thing coming from that country ? 
  because i linked an article by a chinese newspaper ? 
  those were n't even my own words and i acknowledged in my comment i would be annoyed if it was my country they were talking about . 
  anyway , i 'm already bored with this conversation . 
  and to quote you from an earlier comment :  i 'm not interested in getting into a shit slinging match me neither . 
  i just needed to fling a few feces and get that out of my system . 
  i do n't need to fling anymore . 
  happy wednesday !, 
  lol . 
  good day to you too sir !, 
  i see you do n't like being called out on your relentless bullshit . 
  it must be nice to be a smug , petty little shit head who ca n't handle being called out . 
  you 're such a fucking hypocrite . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/28g10y/romanias_ruling_party_revives_conservative/ciao80t ) is a comment you made just a few minutes after you posted this comment :  fantastic what-aboutism . 
  so what-aboutism is wrong when it is directed towards your country , but you are free to use what-aboutism towards other countries ? 
  really ? 
  i love learning how to insult people in other languages . 
  i can now add that to my tool kit of ways to curse people on the internet . 
  cool . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  sorry for the pesky questions , but i 'm kinda interested in this . 
  does romania have their own version of an orthodox church ? 
  i barely know anything about orthodox christians but i have heard of russian orthodox , greek orthodox etc. . . is there a romanian orthodox church , or do orthodox romanian belong to one of those other churches ?
