  i can write my name in cursive much better than with my hand . 
   some of them are true , and the same is unfortunately true for other police forces in europe and around the world . 
  this is all you needed to say . 
  some douche bags got ruffed up . 
  so what ? 
  the only news story about this should be the use of microsoft paint in doctoring the photos . 
  if anything , greece should be showing these images with pride . 
  the message would be `` if you 're in greece , do n't fuck around . 
  unless you want to end up looking like these guys . '', 
  you 're one of those picky `` hooker snobs '' are n't you . 
  hey man , do n't knock it till you try . 
  a hole is a hole . 
  maybe that 's a sign of how advanced they are . 
  they have evolved beyond such archaic notions as `` gender '' . 
  or maybe they just have a thing for fucking ladyboys . 
  i think thailand is setting the standard for gender equality in prostitution . 
  we should all follow their example . 
  if ya ai n't cheatin ' , ya ai n't tryin ' !, 
  that 's what my momma always said . 
  you are correct in assuming that the only information i have read about galileo came from that article . 
  they did n't exactly portray it in the best light . 
  that was a very interesting link . 
  i was unaware that canada contributed anything into the esa . 
  i was also curious as to what `` human spaceflight '' represented since the esa lacks the ability to put people into space on its own . 
  i assume that is money allocated to paying the russians for rides into space ? 
   europe `` is like someone who buys a car but has no money for petrol , '' diego canga fano , a senior european commission official in the department responsible for industry , said at a space conference in brussels last week , referring to uncertainty over money for the copernicus project . 
  `` the car is useless . 
  we are a bit in this situation . '' it gets better :  galileo has had such a troubled history that many doubted it would ever get off the ground . 
  critics mocked it as `` the common agricultural policy in the sky , '' a reference to europe 's program of subsidies for farmers , which eats up nearly 40 percent of the union 's total budget . 
   a 2011 report to the european parliament listed a catalog of troubles , noting that galileo had been particularly blighted in its early years by a familiar problem : political pressure from individual countries to skew the project in favor of their own companies and other immediate interests . 
   it also ran aground , the report said , on friction between the `` pro-atlanticist '' stand of strong american allies like britain and the `` pro-european '' outlook of nations that often have strained relations with washington , like france . 
  `` political disagreements among member states marked the galileo program since its very beginning , '' the report said . 
   a cable from the united states embassy in berlin released by wikileaks reported private remarks made in 2009 by the chief executive of a german satellite maker , ohb-system . 
  it quoted the ohb chief , berry smutny , describing galileo as doomed to fail without major changes and `` a waste of e.u. 
  taxpayers ' money championed by french interests . '' mr. smutny , who disputed the comments attributed to him , was fired by the company . 
  bureaucracy at its finest . 
   the united states also initially opposed galileo , with officials in the administration of president george w. bush worrying that the european system would interfere with gps channels used by the military and could be used by america 's foes in a war . 
  washington also asked why , when many european nations were increasingly unable to fulfill their military obligations as members of nato because of defense cuts , they wanted to splash billions on a project that replicated an existing system paid for by the united states . 
   after long and sometimes testy negotiations , europe and washington called a truce in the dispute , and now each pledges to cooperate to make the two systems work together . 
   officials at the european commission now stress that galileo is not meant as a rival to the american system but as a european-controlled extension of a shared global navigation network . 
  they acknowledge that galileo , most of whose services will be free like those of gps , will not earn much . 
  airlines , shipping companies and some other commercial users will probably be asked to pay for certain data . 
  it sounds like this was a project that was conceived with lofty goals in mind , and has now lost its focus , and sense of purpose . 
  i obviously do n't know much about this issue , but it looks like it has devolved into primarily a prestige project . 
  a very expensive one at that . 
  ` merkel !, 
  if someone was giving out oranges , i 'd reach out for them too . 
  you do n't have to be poor to want free oranges . 
   no north american cities featured in the top 20 . 
  wait . 
  does that mean america is poor , or very affordable ? 
  thanks . 
  for somebody who lives on an island , you spend a lot of time defending greece on reddit . 
  if i lived there , i 'd be smoking marijuana and drinking booze by the beach everyday . 
  i 'm just asking all of this because it seems like you spend half your time on reddit telling germans and macedonians that their countries are total bullshit . 
  i find that humorous . 
  just out of curiosity , what part of greece do you live in ? 
  how old are you ? 
  what is your user name a reference to ? 
  well what if mr. great was born where macedonia currently is ? 
  would n't they be able to co-share him then . 
  have n't the borders of greece changed a lot in the last few thousand years ? 
  ca n't you just share mr. great ? 
  wow . 
  reading that was painful , demoralizing , and depressing . 
  i ca n't imagine living that . 
  what the hell is fyrom ? 
  why do you care if someone you do n't even know is claiming alexander the great as part of their own culture ? 
  stumbling across your comments always brings great joy to me . 
  do all greek people act like you ? 
  you seem to take great pride in ridiculing the history of other people 's countries . 
  why is that ? 
  are there mathematics models that can predict a revolution ? 
  what is the unemployment/corruption threshold that spaniards are willing to tolerate ? 
  that explains why i 've never heard of it before . 
  fuck the rest of the world !, 
  i could understand that . 
  i only quoted his last paragraph but the rest of his comment contained a lot of dickery . 
  i also mentioned `` some '' in my first paragraph , and just kind of assumed that i meant `` some europeans '' throughout the rest of my comment . 
  whatever , i 'm just splitting hairs right now . 
  yes . 
  and that 's why america has the largest collection of top tier universities on the planet . 
  we 're all a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  but a smart european ( or is it british , you guys tend to be selective on when you associate , or disassociate , yourselves from the continentals ) should be able to tell that he was n't talking about math scores , or science scores , he was referring to a general attitude of some europeans . 
  some ( and this is certainly not unique to europe , realistically it is probably common in every country ) europeans think they know everything , and believe by virtue of being european , their perceptions , ideas , views etc. . . are clearly superior to the rest of the world . 
  to give you an example of this attitude , i have often seen a european make a comment about america , one of those typical criticisms about life in america , and how it is so inferior to the european way of life . 
  i have had europeans argue with me about work culture or experiences in america , when they admit they have never been in america , and i have lived here my whole life . 
  they still insist they know my country better than i do because they have read articles , or seen movies about america . 
  they ca n't possibly admit that what they were saying was ridiculously false . 
  look i do n't want to get into a battle of formal education , all that leads to is cherry picking of statistics , all i 'm trying to say was that guy was making a point that europeans often have a very european centric view , and it does n't always shape their knowledge correctly . 
  and yes , i 'm aware america does this too . 
  so does china , japan , eskimos , mexicans , and everyone else . 
  that makes sense then . 
   honestly dealing with some european redditors is like trying to talk to a home schooled idiot whose mommy has been telling him he 's brilliant his whole life with nobody to challenge his belief this is one of the most accurate description i have seen on reddit . 
  thanks for linking to that comment . 
  that is the epitome of cowardice . 
  you observe european-muslim circle jerks on a saturday morning for pleasure ? 
  what time is it in poland ? 
  i believe you are referring to the master troll himself , / u/ufrustratedbro . 
  perhaps he 's asleep ( should n't you be too btw ?
