  in germany itself , a `` debt brake '' has been written into the constitution , requiring states to balance their budgets by 2020 and limiting federal borrowing ( germany 's budget is now balanced at what is touted as the `` black zero '' ) . 
  germany has foisted similar rules on other eu countries through the 2012 fiscal-compact treaty , partly to limit its own liability to them . 
   even more characteristic is the german attitude to rules . 
  to some extent , this reflects the country 's culture . 
  but it also has an ordoliberal origin . 
  jens weidmann , president of the german bundesbank , often quotes walter eucken , especially in passages where haftung `` must go hand in hand with '' control . 
  this gives german economists an argument for opposing eurobonds and other forms of debt mutualisation and stressing the euro zone 's no-bail-out rule . 
  similarly , calls for `` solidarity '' ( or fiscal transfers ) run straight into concerns over moral hazard . 
  mario monti , a former italian prime minister , likes to claim that in germany economics is seen as a branch of moral philosophy . 
   a moral tone certainly creeps into discussions of germany 's current-account surplus , now the world 's largest . 
  to non-german economists , huge surpluses represent an imbalance of saving over investment that has counterparts in other countries ' deficits and , as the eu 's own macroeconomic-imbalances procedure suggests , requires corrective action . 
  to germans surpluses are signs of economic virtue that merely reflect competitiveness and do not merit any policy response . 
   not all german economists see themselves as ordoliberals , of course . 
  but the tradition 's influence remains strong at the universities where many study , as well as in the bundesbank and at the council of economic experts . 
  and just as the original ordoliberals crossed into the humanities and the law , today 's have often also trained as lawyers ( a pattern that is notable in the finance ministry , for instance ) . 
   critics find the ordoliberal tradition outdated or misguided . 
  `` ordoliberalism is not very practical , it 's religion , '' says michael burda , an american economist at berlin 's humboldt university . 
  most german economists simply assume , for example , that the minimum wage introduced in germany will lead to job losses , even though empirical evidence in america and britain suggests this need not be so . 
   ordoliberalism 's biggest flaw , says mr burda , lies in `` failing to do the aggregation step '' . 
  it is at heart a microeconomic model that disavows macroeconomic policy because it treats countries , or even an entire currency zone , as if they were individual households . 
  it makes sense for individuals to save when they are in debt , as the proverbial swabian housewife does in germany . 
  but if all individuals cut spending at the same time , the result can be a shortfall in demand that negates the benefits of microeconomic reforms . 
  once in a while it is better to break rules than all go under in law-abiding misery . 
  yet that is not how things are seen in berlin or frankfurt . 
  i agree with you . 
  but people always forget this and accuse the west of propping up dictators in the middle east . 
  no options are good honestly . 
  it 's just picking between two terrible options . 
  maybe now people will realize that propping up dictators is better than letting a country descend in anarchy and terror . 
  i guess we really had no idea how it would turn out if we overthrew those dictators ... now we know . 
  oh god ... what if it 's fundie feminists ? 
  boats and ho 's dude . 
  those guys in cut off pink shorts are living the good life . 
  all i need to live like that is a beach , a boat , and no dignity . 
  and you are definitely right about that . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  he must be one of them fancy `` city boy '' types . 
  the only thing good about kansas is kansas city , and the best parts of that city are n't in kansas :d i guess kansas could claim that it is slightly less flat and boring than nebraska , but that is n't much of an accomplishment . 
  not at all . 
  southwest . 
  i 'm from arizona and if someone called arizona `` the south '' , people would look at you like you were crazy . 
  well if you can pull it off , more power to you . 
  but man ... that 's a lot of soda !, 
  oh this is sadly common . 
  in my younger years of working at mcdonald 's and restaurants , i would always see super fatties ordering the super sized everything with a million sides of ranch ... and a large diet coke . 
  i guess that 's what passes for a diet for some people . 
  it 's an insightful experience to work at restaurants . 
  observe how the land whales eat ... do n't eat how they eat and you wo n't become a land whale . 
  you drink a 2 liter everyday ? 
  wow ... are you as round as you are tall ? 
  those dudes look like the guys that i imagine hanging out at a yacht club or something . 
  in the 28 years of my life on this planet , i have never once seen a guy actually dress like that . 
  i do n't really have a problem with it , it 's just ... bizarre . 
  you 'd get laughed out of any bar if you wore that where i live ( illinois ) . 
  ha ha . 
  i do n't know man . 
  that hat is awesome . 
  the scooter ... yeah not so much . 
  i love the fact that he has a small american flag sticker on his scooter . 
  as if being so fat your legs are no longer capable of moving you is a source of national pride . 
  honestly , i would n't be surprised if just one of her legs weighed as much as i do . 
  seriously , that 's a woman that just gave up on life . 
  but america did not have nuclear weapons . 
  they only had enough material for the two dropped on japan . 
  america could not have used nukes against the soviets . 
  so what you are basically saying is that we should have sent about a million americans to their graves to liberate eastern europe ... against the soviets ... who were basically allies at the time . 
  no way that was gon na happen . 
  how is that stereotype even possible ? 
  americans are the [ epitome ] ( http://www.thelostogle.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/rascalsduo.jpg ) of high fashion . 
  that 's what we call being `` fashionably late '', 
  wow ... people had really high expectations of america ... we are only one country . 
  why do some people think we can take on the world by ourselves ? 
  did people really expect america to be able to liberate all of europe ? 
  that 's an impossible task for any country . 
  no i get it now . 
  i guess we just have different interpretations of what defeating russia looks like . 
  as someone else replied to me , to you guys it means `` not getting destroyed in 40 days '' or something like that . 
  to me , it would mean occupying their entire country for years after crushing their entire military . 
  i 'm not sure anyone really know that for sure though . 
  russia has been building up their military and modernizing it a rapid pace . 
  the modern russian army is n't the decrepit army of the late 90 's . 
  so i do n't think anyone in this sub has the knowledge to say whether or not russia 's military is that good or not . 
  i basically agree with you . 
  i do n't think it would be extremely easy for russia to defeat the baltics + nordics , it certainly would not . 
  i also thought you were implying that the nordics + baltics would easily crush russia , which is definitely not true . 
  russia would most likely win at great cost . 
  i think this comment you just made is the most accurate assessment of this scenario as it is not sensationalized on either end of the spectrum . 
  was n't that right after stalin purged his most competent officers , and was n't that also while much of the soviet union 's attention was elsewhere ? 
  baltic and nordic countries expect they would last only two weeks in case of war with russia . 
  yet now some people think they would be able to defeat russia with their combined forces ? 
  russia also acts much more decisively than any european country . 
  there would be huge amounts of dithering and terrible coordination if those countries banded together against russia . 
  you 're only fooling yourself if you think you guys could defeat russia on your own . 
  that prospect is a joke , not to be taken seriously anyone . 
   but americans are much more supportive of taking action against russia than are germans . 
  more than half of americans ( 54 % ) believe that u.s. policy is not tough enough on moscow . 
  and 59 % of americans say the european union is not being strong enough . 
  i do n't think this is that surprising . 
  there are a litany of reasons for this , but some very simply ones . 
  a map tells you pretty much all you need to know .
