  must be a bizarre atmosphere . 
  this is a once in a lifetime thing you 're experiencing right now . 
   as result of little englanders dragging the union back into the middle ages . 
  i promised to write to the scottish prime minister asking for another referendum if the leave bigots won sounds like you 're the bigot here . 
   to the uk : the rest of the world looks down on you today . 
  you personally speak for the rest of the world right now ? 
  no problem bro . 
  hope you do n't intent on going to bed early tonight though . 
  really dude ? 
  you 're making this about trump ? 
  we should n't be making this about anything having to do with america at all . 
  i have a college degree , and have seen first hand how many idiots out there also have college degrees . 
  i do n't think having a gender studies degree makes you inherently smarter than an aircraft mechanic who does n't have a degree . 
  in fact , i think having a degree gives you a false sense of intelligence . 
  it 's literally the dominant story on cnn.com right now . 
  here is a link for live coverage on it : http://www.cnn.com/2016/06/23/europe/eu-referendum-live-blog/index.html and on foxnews 's world section : http://www.foxnews.com/world.html?intcmp=hpnav, 
  jesus ... was the eu really that bad ? 
  so best to just avoid media about the referendum until tomorrow then ... 
  but it 's so hard !, 
  this is pretty historic and i want to watch it unfold as it happens . 
  oh well , time to put the computer down and do real life shit i suppose, 
  i 'm confused . 
  this article says more people voted to remain than leave . 
  you are posting numbers saying the opposite . 
  i 'm not sure i trust any numbers at this point edit : i see now , the number you cited was just from one area , not the whole of the uk, 
  i totally agree . 
  there 's been a lot of violence against trump supporters , but it 's justified because they 're all racist fascists . 
  there 's been a complete breakdown in discourse lately across many western countries . 
  it 's a byproduct of thinking everyone who disagrees with you is an evil racist bigot . 
  this breakdown in discourse largely stems from the left ( which is ironic since they consider themselves paragons of virtue ) , and we 're witnessing the fallout . 
  plus , that kid had a couple of screws loose . 
  he fancied himself a martyr but was just a fool . 
  throwing your life away at 19 trying to kill a potential leader of a country that is n't even your own . 
  what a dumb ass . 
  gypsies are so fucking strange ... i do n't understand them at all . 
  how do they get social benefits , without having birth certificates/identification ? 
  and how they hell do they not have birth certificates ? 
  are they born in the woods or something ? 
  nope . 
  real . 
  they are actually pretty damn sturdy too as they are mostly older . 
  but since they are older ( i mean like built around the 1920 's ) there is usually some repair work that ought to be done , but nothing substantial . 
  i live in a small midwestern city in illinois . 
  housing prices are absolutely crazy here . 
  you can get big five bedroom house for like $ 85,000 . 
  where i am originally from ( scottsdale , az ) a house like that would probably cost well over $ 300,000 . 
  a half a million dollars in the city i live in now would get you a mansion with a helicopter pad , an indoor swimming pool , marble pillars , gold chandeliers etc. . . 
  but not many people want to live in small midwestern cities where there is n't much to do and the weather is terrible 7 months a year . 
  what industry do you work in ? 
  i have friends with government jobs and they all have like 3-4 weeks , but i work in the private industry ( for a pretty big company too ) and industry standard is 2 weeks . 
  fair enough . 
  i have to admit , i would take a hit on my wages to get a month of vacation . 
  two weeks is n't nearly enough for me . 
  i 'd love to have a month off every year to travel the world, 
  i thought it was a good idea . 
  then i read the comments here and now i feel stupid for thinking it was a good idea :(, 
   the us is richer , yes , but quality of life and welfare here is much higher . 
  has anyone really argued any differently ? 
  i mean europe is known universally as a welfare state and the us is known for not being one . 
  that is one of the basic differences most people understand about the two different regions right off the bat . 
  but i guess my only objection to your last statement is that quality of life is much higher ( if you are reliant on welfare/government programs ) . 
  i did graduate with college debt ... i paid it off in 5 years . 
  so now , debt free before 30 would my quality of life be `` much higher '' if i moved to a wealthy european country ( as in i doubt it would be much higher in romania or serbia or albania ) ? 
  maybe , i would get more vacation time . 
  but neither myself , not anyone i really know is reliant on government services and can provide for themselves . 
  i 've never tried to insinuate the america kicks ass and that europe is terrible shithole . 
  i 've just been trying to convey that the us is n't nearly as miserable as most people think it is . 
  yeah i get it , the us is n't perfect and other countries have better maternity leave ... but you ca n't distill a country , or capture everything about a country based on whether or not everyone gets paid maternity leave . 
  there are countless other metrics to use to judge a country . 
  healthcare and maternity leave are great and all , but that is something that i rarely come into contact with ( the former ) and will never worry about ( the latter ) . 
  are you going to the hospital everyday ? 
  no , you are not . 
  for the most part , you are out and about living your life . 
  when i think of other countries , and whether or not i want to live there , i do n't look up charts about maternity leave . 
  i think more along the lines of : what is like living there ? 
  is the nighlife cool ? 
  how is the weather ? 
  what kind of activities can i do there ? 
  is the food good ? 
  the beer ? 
  the women ? 
  the music ? 
  what about the sports ? 
  are there cool stadiums and games to attend ? 
  you know the things you actually do in your day to day life . 
  sure , you 're right , the maternity leave is paltry compared to other countries . 
  but that is n't the end all be all of a country either . 
  yeah la ( never been to miami ) is pretty bad . 
  other cities too like san fransisco and portland , oregon . 
  what is even more weird is that in those cities , quite a bit of them are lifestyle hippies , kind of like a new age version of hobos that used to ride the rails . 
  when i was in portland , there were 20 year old kids living in tents on the streets ( something i have never seen before or since ) that seemed content just to play music and hang out . 
  but for sure , a lot of the homeless there have mental issues and should be in some sort of social housing or something . 
  for some reason , some states have figured it out , and some states do n't . 
  i know california was on the cusp of bankruptcy at one point , but have significantly improved their budget and state debt . 
  hopefully they do something about the homeless there , because it does n't need to be that way . 
  you did n't provide statistics , you simply made statements like `` no healthcare , no education , no maternity leave '' all of which were untrue . 
  for instance , there is no government mandated maternity leave , but virtually every company you works for provides maternity leave . 
  i know literally zero women who were not granted maternity leave . 
   i am trying to prove that americans are unable to see the problems in their country and rationally discuss them . 
  and i am trying to prove that many europeans are unable to see the reality of america and rationally discuss them , which your replies have proven me right .
