  the russians quickly confirmed the cancellation but denied that he was sick . 
  in fact , the presidential spokesman , dmitri peskov , made a point of saying there was no illness involved . 
  the second cancellation was reported by russian news agency vzglad , which speculated that putin 's schedule was `` oversaturated . '', 
   that left open the question of why the meetings were canceled . 
  presidents do not casually cancel summits and treaty signings . 
  yet he did . 
  it was then noticed that for the last week his schedule has been surprisingly light , with meetings announced only after they happened . 
  in the midst of rumors today , the kremlin issued a picture of putin meeting with the governor of karelia . 
   we know three things . 
  first , the cancellations were odd . 
  second , the insistence that he was not ill was also odd . 
  third , the kremlin did nothing to allay concerns about putin 's status . 
  the russians had to know that they were not allaying concerns ; denying that he was ill but giving no alternative explanation for the cancellations seemed strange as well . 
   when you have no idea what is going on , as we did n't , you turn your attention to anything else that was odd . 
  the best we could do was an announcement two days ago that the russian defense minister and the heads of the federal security service and the federal protective service were all in crimea . 
  their presence did not seem connected to any particular event or to any known military exercise . 
  it is not unprecedented for these three to be out of moscow at the same time , but their presence in crimea , a particularly sensitive area , was bound to cause speculation . 
  another oddity is that konstantin remchukov , editor-in-chief of nezavisimaya gazeta , a gazprom-owned media outlet , tweeted that he was pulled aside at the bolshoi ballet wednesday night and told that rosneft chief and senior politburo member igor sechin would be fired tomorrow . 
  rosneft denied the rumor . 
   these oddities have no clear connection at all to putin 's cancellations , save that they were strange events not fully explained and occurring at a sensitive time , raising further questions about what exactly is going on in moscow . 
  one phrase from the announcement from peskov that was particularly striking to us was that the decision to cancel the meetings was made by the `` leadership . '', 
  in the old kremlinology style , we note that he did not say that putin decided on the cancellations , but that the `` leadership '' had . 
  normally , we would pass over the phrase , except lacking other information we have to wonder whether the leadership was a reference to putin and the belarusian and kazakh presidents , or whether a different leadership was making decisions about putin 's schedule instead of putin . 
   after josef stalin died , the soviet leadership went to the ballet . 
  missing was lavrenti beria , head of the nkvd secret police . 
  it seemed odd that he was not there . 
  one explanation was that beria did n't like the ballet . 
  this was a reasonable explanation . 
  it was also untrue . 
  beria had been executed , and the purpose of the collective visit to the ballet was to showcase his exclusion from the leadership by announcing that it was caused by his exclusion from life . 
   in the soviet union , observers watched carefully for these signs to determine what was going on . 
  the kremlin knew that observers were doing this and used such signs to signal events that they were not yet ready to announce . 
  when the kremlin did not want to make things official but wanted the soviet citizens or the west to have some idea of what was going on , an absence from an event , where an official stood while reviewing parades and the precise wording of statements took on enormous importance . 
   the insistence that putin was not ill might be intended , along with other evidence , as a signal that he is quite ill . or it might be pointing to the fact that putin is really not ill and is canceling meetings for political reasons . 
  the presence of the senior military and intelligence leaders in crimea while putin fails to make significant and scheduled appearances may have no connection , or it may have a deep connection . 
   we have been reduced to very old methods to try to figure out what is going on . 
  that alone is significant . 
  but so is the fact that these meetings were canceled . 
  readers may recall that we have raised the question of whether putin could survive his failures in ukraine and the economic shambles he faces . 
  we are far from the only people who have raised that question . 
  certainly , the kremlin is aware of the speculation , and we would expect the kremlin to be rigorous in assuring that a normal routine of business is maintained in order to drive home the point that putin is firmly in charge . 
  that pattern has slipped , the kremlin knows it has slipped , and it was content to let it slip without explanation . 
   ** we are puzzled , when the one thing that putin would not want is anyone to be confused about his power . 
  if we believe he is not sick , then there must be another explanation for his absence . 
  we should not jump to conclusions , as they are probably wrong , but we must be forgiven for being puzzled as to why putin is letting us , and many others , be puzzled . 
  judging by the tone of the comments in any thread regarding greece , you can never be too sure if someone is joking or not ... 
  in addition , sometimes the jokes just are n't appropriate . 
  not when those pigs are humans , and fellow european citizens . 
  that article is five years old but could just as easily have been written five days ago . 
  it 's crazy that greeks are still struggling through . 
  that takes some serious strength . 
  i for one hope they pull through all this and be able to look back at this like some distant dream . 
  you can always emigrate ... 
  there 's hope in that at least . 
  that 's a kid at a shooting range with his parents , not an active war zone . 
  my father taught me how to shoot around the age of ten . 
  he did n't bring me to rwanda to do it though . 
  just a tiny little difference there . 
  i agree . 
  however , at least this particular case is a little different . 
  when you say `` that 's someone 's child '' , i guess it sounds like his parents brought him there . 
  so he did n't run off on his own , and his parents are n't worried about him because they want him fighting . 
  either way , you are right . 
  he 's just a boy . 
  he does n't know what 's going on at all . 
  fuck his parents for doing that to him . 
  that 's so fucked up that it 's hard to put into words . 
  i do n't even know if it 's possible to remedy the situation either . 
  were european children leaving to fight in africa though ? 
  this is what makes this more relevant to us . 
  children are leaving european cities to fight in the middle east ... as far as i know , that did n't happen with conflicts in africa . 
  well that is n't a whole lot of money . 
  i hope the cost of living is dirt cheap in those countries . 
  or at least i hope no one but maybe teenagers are making minimum wage there . 
  i am used to seeing minimum wage shown as $ / hour . 
  is that eur/month ? 
  does that also assume that is a full time job as well , or if someone works 15 hours per week are they still guaranteed that much money ? 
  yes , america 's perception of ireland is largely 100 years or so out of date . 
  but do n't let hollywood 's version of ireland get to you , they make a caricature out of everything . 
  hell , i think hollywood 's version of my own country is ridiculous . 
  its best to just ignore that since most of us ignore it as well . 
  if you asked most people what they thought ireland was like , you would probably get `` i do n't know '' more frequently than `` a bunch of low life drunks '' . 
  and come on ... family guy ? 
  they make fun of everything . 
  you got it all wrong ... you drive it to the bar to pick up ladies . 
  that thing would be a total pussy magnet . 
   what imports does the eu absolutely need that ca n't be produced locally ? 
  oil and gas ? 
  but russian currency has also depreciated so i think those effects should cancel out . 
  maybe energy from countries other than russia would get more expensive ? 
  i know man ... but that 's just the way it is over here . 
  yes , we do see things differently . 
  because saying `` i 'm hungarian '' in the us * means * `` i 'm american , the name is hungarian '' . 
  to americans , that is obvious . 
  we are all american so we do n't bother mentioning it , we say we are x ethnicity . 
  europeans are probably not used to that , so think we mean we have some connection to our culture . 
  this type of language ( i am x ethnicity ) in the us just a shortened way of saying `` i am american , but my family comes from '' ... 
  this is not an issue here at all . 
  europeans should just try to understand what we mean when we say that . 
  we are n't trying to steal other peoples ' cultures or anything .
