  unfortunately , the gas is just easier to extract in the us than in europe . 
  it 's simply geography . 
  the second point is population density . 
  [ poland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland ) has a population density of 120/km2 , vs. [ north dakota 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_dakota ) 3.83 / km2 . 
  the same is true for the fracking sites in texas . 
  texas is roughly the size of france , but with 1/3 the population density . 
  but if you look at where the fracking sites in texas are , they are sparsely populated areas of west texas . 
  i admit i have never been to europe , but i do n't imagine europe has too many areas of vast land that are sparsely populated . 
  tl ; dr : due to local geography and population centers , europe and the us have vastly different realities they are facing . 
  in the us , the person living near wells is likely to be paid handsomely , while their european counterpart wo n't . 
  these wells are also far away , and mostly located on useless shrub land ( which i am not sure if europe has these in the same scale the us does ) . 
  be open minded , but also realistic . 
  edit : * it seems it is not a state by state basis , but individual property by property basis . 
  it 's quite confusing and complicated . 
   the only people who talk like this ? 
  americans and politicians ( and politicians from fictional writings about totalitarian governments ) . 
  is it annoying ? 
  most definitely . 
  is it useful ? 
  just to spot the american . 
  do you always speak with such absurd and sensationalist words ? 
  only americans value pragmatism over morality ? 
  look in the mirror dude . 
  it seems european countries are more than willing to value national interests over moral bonus points . 
  this is a consistent approach taken by virtually every leader , ever . 
   i 'd rather be blinded by idealism than to be compared to hitler and satan . 
  it seems you , and only a few others are making this connection . 
   i would also say that there is a big difference between american realism ( brought to you by freedom \u00ae ) and the type of realism where you do n't kill a lot of people . 
  so we should adopt the european way ? 
  sitting back while others get killed . 
  how noble of you . 
  i do n't intend to . 
  but then again , russia scarcely demands moral perfection of itself . 
  or at least , it wo n't let that get in the way of its national interests . 
  same as the us . 
  same for pretty much very major power . 
  ( although i honestly think the us trots out the moral bullshit more than countries like russia or china who do n't seem to need to convince the world how holy and righteous they are ) . 
  jesus titty fucking christ , the moral crusaders are at it again . 
  fuck this guy right !, 
  he dropped bombs in cambodia , perhaps we should listen to an individual with more moral credentials right ? 
  well , kissinger was many things . 
  moral ? 
  perhaps not . 
  pragmatic ? 
  most certainly . 
  stop being so blinded by idealism and face the cold reality of the real world . 
  kissinger saw things as they are , and believed a balance of morality and a pursuit of national interests was the only way to have a successful foreign policy . 
  listen to his words , as they are just appropriate now as they were then :  kissinger , famous for advocating an american foreign policy based on the national interest , has long stressed that values and power are properly understood as mutually supporting . 
  as he argued in a 1973 speech , since `` americans have always held the view that america stood for something above and beyond its material achievements , '' a `` purely pragmatic policy '' would confuse allies and eventually forfeit domestic support . 
  yet `` when policy becomes excessively moralistic it may turn quixotic or dangerous , '' giving way to `` ineffectual posturing or adventuristic crusades . '' the key to a sustainable foreign policy , in his view , is the avoidance of either extreme : ** `` a country that demands moral perfection of itself as a test of its foreign policy will achieve neither perfection nor security . '' ** he is right , you can not demand penultimate perfection of yourself and ever intend to have any consequential influence on the world stage . 
  words are nice , but sometimes guns have to come out to . 
  that 's reality , not fantasy . 
  and look at the holier than thou pontificaters in this thread . 
  your ideas and suggestions are wonderful and all , but you are not in a position of power . 
  if you were , your calculus would certainly change once you were dealing with the high stakes :  `` the analyst runs no risk . 
  if his conclusions prove wrong , he can write another treatise . 
  the statesman is permitted only one guess ; his mistakes are irretrievable . '' - kissinger the truth is , he is correct in his assessment . 
  and instead of realizing that , and discussing the implications of his suggestions , people here derail the conversation with useless talk about sending him to the gallows . 
  kissinger is smarter than you . 
  he knows how the real world works . 
  you do n't . 
  so anyway , should we talk about ukraine , or waste our time digging up skeletons in kissinger 's past ? 
  which is more relevant ? 
  yeah , especially if they periodically kick down my door and demand the right to play their music in my living room . 
   however , even if the energy department approves all the pending permits from companies seeking to export natural gas , the fuel could not begin flowing overseas for at least a few years . 
  most american natural gas export terminals are in the early stages of construction . 
  while one , in sabine pass , la. , is tentatively scheduled to open in late 2015 , most others will not start operating until 2017 or later . 
  better late than never i guess , but europe needs this gas * now * , not 3 years from now . 
  looks like europe is gon na have to fend for itself for a little bit longer . 
  hopefully gazprom does n't see the writing on the wall and jack up the prices to compensate for its inevitable lost market share ( and power projection ) . 
  if i was russian , i 'm not sure if i would take `` eternal danger '' as an insult or a compliment ... probably a compliment . 
  that is a pretty sweet name to be called . 
  sounds kinda like the name for kick ass heavy metal band . 
  that was really brave of her . 
  i 'm glad she did what she felt was right . 
  more people should follow her example . 
  maybe you could get them to realize that by parking a moving van outside their house . 
  is iceland even trying ? 
  if i was in charge of nato , i 'd make it so one day when iceland came to the office , it would find all its shit in a box on the curb with a note saying `` fuck.you.mooch ! '' . 
  next up would be luxumburgh ( by the way , are n't they one of the wealthiest countries in the world per capita ? 
  ) , they 'd find a note on their desk `` pay up or pack your shit !, 
  your fuckin ' next ! '' . 
  jesus , the countries up there with no excuse should be ashamed . 
  such shamelessly leeching . 
  seriously , do you want to be an ally or a barnacle ? 
  where is the dignity in that ? 
  that jet is pretty bad ass looking . 
  i kinda want one now . 
  i 'm not european . 
  i 'm american . 
  so no , i ca n't answer your question . 
  whatever, 
  russia will adopt the euro . 
  europe subsequently achieves its goal of bringing permanent ruin to russia . 
  supposin ' you 're a bettin ' man , how long do you think it will take for this silly little post to get a ) deleted or b ) down voted into oblivion . 
  i would say about five more minutes . 
  which begs the question : why did you even bother posting this ? 
  you have 0.17 more freedoms than we do . 
  how did my country slip so far ? 
  this is nothing less than an unmitigated disaster .
