  there is a big gap between special forces , such as the gru spetsnaz who took over crimea , the elite airborne vdv troops , and the rest . 
  conscripts , who only do a year 's service , can not handle sophisticated equipment . 
   there are also demographic problems caused by a low birth rate and poor health : russia has too few fit young men . 
  the defence ministry likes to talk of a million men under arms , but the true figure is more like 700,000 . 
  nor is it easy recruiting 60,000 professional soldiers a year . 
  mr gvosdev points to glossy ads offering good pay and `` a great life '' but the army will struggle to meet its target of a force that is 40 % professional . 
  as for the re-equipment plan , the defence ministry 's definition of `` modern '' is slippery , says keir giles of the conflict studies research centre . 
  it often just means newer versions of old designs . 
  better planes , helicopters , tanks , missiles and ships are getting through , but only slowly . 
   one reason is that the defence industry remains quasi-soviet , inefficient and riddled with corruption . 
  much of its output is updated late-soviet-era stuff . 
  until the t-50 stealth fighter appears in small numbers towards the end of the decade , the mainstay of the air force will remain upgraded su-27s and mig-29s that first flew in the 1970s . 
  the navy is getting new corvettes and frigates , but the industry can not produce bigger vessels : hence the order of two mistral ships from france . 
  the army is to replace soviet armour with the armata family of tracked vehicles , but not yet . 
   mr serdyukov was keen on buying foreign kit , partly to put pressure on the sluggish home industry . 
  but when dmitry rogozin , a deputy prime minister , was put in charge of the defence and aerospace industry in 2012 , that policy seemed to be abandoned . 
  mr putin sees the industry in highly nationalistic terms and as a way to boost russian high-tech manufacturing . 
  but there is a lost generation of skilled engineers . 
  many are in their 60s and , although the industry is now recruiting younger talent , it lacks people to run big programmes who understand the digital technologies modern weapons are built around . 
   do these weaknesses matter ? 
  the kremlin still sees nato as an american-led alliance intent on doing russia down , and mr putin is determined to prevent its further expansion . 
  but besides opportunistic `` poking around '' in the baltics , which might involve cyber-attacks and other forms of 21st-century asymmetric warfare , reckons stephen blank of the american foreign policy council , taking nato on directly is unlikely . 
  yet with the army russia now has , mr putin can project and concentrate superior force quickly around the country 's periphery , where he sees himself as a `` security manager in a zone of privileged interest '' , says eugene rumer of the carnegie endowment in washington . 
   russia 's strategic nuclear forces , which absorb a third of the defence budget , are still seen as the `` trump card '' according to dmitry gorenburg of cna corporation , a research outfit , and are critical to preserving the capacity for autonomous action by deterring western interference . 
  the nuclear forces , particularly the huge number of sub-strategic systems that russia keeps , are also a necessary hedge against a rising china . 
  russia does not see china as an antagonist . 
  but its fast-growing military clout and hunger for natural resources worry the kremlin . 
  russian doctrine assumes that theatre nuclear missiles will compensate for inferior conventional forces . 
   judged by the quality of their new equipment , it is the southern military district ( one of four ) that is the high command 's greatest concern . 
  there is potential for instability and jihadist terrorism in the caucasus . 
  it now includes crimea . 
  and it is near georgia and the breakaway regions of south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  georgia , says dmitri trenin of the carnegie moscow centre , could `` re-emerge as a thorn that would have to be dealt with '' . 
   a big question is whether russia can afford to devote a rising share of its gdp to the armed forces . 
  the defence budget accounts for over 20 % of all public spending . 
  a weakening economy , lower energy prices and an ageing society will lead to hard choices . 
  but as long as mr putin is in the kremlin , defence will come first . 
  russia 's growing military power announces that it is back as a serious country ; mr putin is betting that this still matters to ordinary russians , too . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you said ( particularly about giving land owners royalties , as far as i know european countries do not offer landowners the mineral rights that are under there property , this is a huge incentive in the us ) , but what was that about mormon orphan children ? 
  i 've never heard of this . 
  that sounded really bizarre , especially since i 've never heard of a connection between mormons and orphans . 
  do you think there will be any significant implications from this realization ? 
  is the rain at least a little pleasant , or is it that drizzling bullshit that makes you feel like god is pissing on your head from heaven ? 
  ok , that 's pretty much how it goes here . 
  the majority of people i talk to about political issues do n't know or care what 's going on , and continue on life as usual unaffected by the drama in washington . 
  it 's just too distant and irrelevant for most people to be strongly opinionated about . 
   additionally , everything you 've said applies to my own perception of the united states of course . 
  by nature , news is typically negative and only reports bad things ( since positive news is considered normal , therefore not newsworthy ) . 
  this can give the impression that everything over there is completely fucked since you only hear about the negative things that are happening . 
  i aware of this bias , hence why i made this post to get an idea of what the view is from the street . 
   in general people really do n't care about the eu and are happy living their lives with the freedoms they have . 
  so i guess apathy is the most common view towards the eu ? 
  so if the eu does come to an eventual end ( which i hope it does n't ) , do you see it being an amicable breakup , or will old tensions come back as countries blame each other for the failure ? 
  so if people realise that the crisis is not over , how do they envision the future ? 
  are people resigned to just waiting and hoping the crisis blows over ? 
  do people have any faith in the leadership of europe to resolve the crisis anytime soon ? 
  so how do spaniards feel about their future within europe ? 
  do most people feel salvation lies in the current configuration of being members of the eu and the ez ? 
  do people want to leave these institutions , or do they want spain to stay in these institutions and just wait out the crisis ? 
  i guess i 'm trying to get a feel of the discussions taking place at the dinner table , or at a cafe or a pub . 
  there is no way for me gain insight as to what the common people are saying between themselves by merely reading news articles . 
  how pervasive is this disappointment ? 
  is it only limited to a minority or is it fairly widespread among the ordinary people . 
  the idea of wanting something to happen , hell * anything * to happen is quite understandable . 
  however , they would be swapping one master they do n't like for another master . 
  more autonomy from every country/corporation makes more sense than an alignment with russia . 
   so this kind of semi-don ` t-bow-down-for-corporations-attitude putin is displaying are they aware that he uses state owned corporations as a foreign policy weapon ? 
  he does n't bow down to corporations because he * owns * them . 
  so that site asks me to vote on why my country is the best , but only allows to vote between three different countries for each category , none of which were my country . 
  oh well , i guess nepal and mexico will have to get my vote instead . 
  what a retarded site . 
  you need an outside judge to weigh in on this . 
  france has a bigger dick . 
  it 's settled now . 
  you can move on . 
  but does everything have to become a dick measuring contest between two countries ? 
  is that a good thing ? 
  who wants their city to be crawling with tourists . 
  i know tourists bring in lots of money , but i would be completely content being number 2 here . 
  actually , i 'd prefer being about # 100 on the list of cities with the most tourists . 
   do you really want for me to make a list of all your politicians that are publicly racists ? 
  sure . 
  i ca n't remember the last time a politician in the us came out and publicly acknowledged being racist . 
  please provide said list . 
   grey europe makes most of the worlds cars and machines this is not possible to determine from this post . 
  all this shows us is that vehicles and machines comprise the majority of a number of european countries ' exports . 
  that does not mean they make most of the world 's cars and machines by any stretch of the imagination . 
  europeans are the most jealous , juvenile , useless fuckers on the planet . 
  how about your continent create something innovative besides angry birds . 
  oh , and good luck breaking up a company on the other side of the world . 
  what a bunch of idiots . 
  seriously , is europe trying to scare away every big company from doing business there . 
  and of course the morons in this thread are just lapping this up . 
   if germany is fucked , europe is fucked . 
  and if europe is fucked , the us is fucked . 
  yes , of course this is true . 
  however , you could flip this around and say `` if europe is fucked , then germany is fucked '' . 
  you 're right that it is in everybody 's interest to keep germany 's economy healthy , but as you say `` that is n't the end of all things '' . 
  germany is n't the only country in the ez , and you make it seem as if every country in the ez exists to fuel the engine of germany 's economy . 
  it 's far more likely that the ez will implode ( not saying it will , i mean * if * it will ) due to the situation in the periphery countries , not germany itself .
