  if mr hollande and mr renzi can show they are sincere about structural reforms , mrs merkel should be willing to tolerate an easier fiscal stance ( including higher public investment in germany ) and a looser monetary policy . 
  close your eyes , and you can imagine the three leaders working with the european commission to complete the single market and pushing through a trade deal with the united states . 
  sadly , in the real world , mrs merkel has little reason to trust either france or italy : whenever external pressure on them has eased , they have promptly backtracked on promises of reform . 
  and she has just installed jean-claude juncker , the do-nothing candidate , as president of the european commission . 
   so it will be hard . 
  but without a new push from the continent 's leaders , growth will not revive and deflation could take hold . 
  japan suffered a decade of lost growth in the 1990s , and is still struggling . 
  but , unlike japan , europe is not a single cohesive country . 
  if the currency union brings nothing but stagnation , joblessness and deflation , then some people will eventually vote to leave the euro . 
  thanks to mr draghi 's promise to put a floor under government debt , the market risk that financial pressures could trigger a break-up has receded . 
  but the political risk that one or more countries decide to storm out of the single currency is rising all the time . 
  the euro crisis has not gone away ; it is just waiting over the horizon . 
  is it called amon-\u00e5 ? 
  because that is what it should be called . 
  whoa !, 
  that `` a ' looks like the egyptian god [ amon-ra ] ( http://tigtail.org/l_view/tig/tvm/e/ancient/egypt/egypt-info/symbols/icon_ammon-ra.gif ) . 
  that 's the finest lookin ' `` a '' i 've ever laid eyes on . 
   `` we believe that this is russian equipment . 
  you can not buy 100 tanks at a market in donetsk or lugansk , '' the source said . 
  well if you could , maybe ukraine would n't be getting invaded in the first place !, 
  checkmate ukraine . 
  how can there be politics around cheese though ? 
  there really is n't a debate . 
  bow down before [ the one true cheese !, 
   the latest salvo comes from roman kuzniar , foreign-policy adviser to bronislaw komorowski , poland 's president . 
  in a toughly worded column in rzeczpospolita , a daily , mr kuzniar denounces western european governments for refusing to stand up to the russian president , vladimir putin , accusing them of appeasement . 
  `` putin is paralysing their freedom of action in the same way that a snake in the desert paralyses a rabbit , '' he writes , before taking special care to castigate germany . 
  `` we have to accept that , because of berlin 's specific relationship with russia , we can not count on germany in matters of regional security , '' he writes , * adding that germany is treating russia `` like a special needs child who has to be raised without stress '' . 
  * tl ; dr : he is basically saying germany has gone full retard with its approach to russia . 
  i do n't think the germans will care though . 
  they do n't seem to listen to any other country whether it comes to monetary policy or foreign policy . 
  time will tell whether germany 's `` do nothing at all costs '' approach in much of its policies will pay dividends for itself or simply draw the ire from just about every other country in the eu/ez . 
  unless that figure includes children and the elderly , there is no way that figure is anywhere close to reality . 
  that 's minimum wage pay right there . 
  50 % of americans do n't make less than minimum wage . 
  people in mississippi do n't think that either . 
  what makes you think they have no education , health care , or a first world standard of living ? 
  holy shit . 
  that 's basically famine wages in the us . 
  i 'm saving a few hundred dollars and moving to latvia . 
  i will live like a god damn saudi prince !, 
   as an example of output from the lis they had a wonderful paper a decade ago showing that the bottom 10 % in the us have the same incomes ( yes , ppp adjusted ) as the bottom 10 % in either sweden or finland . 
  while the top 10 % have very much larger incomes than the top 10 % in either country . 
  all that redistribution has n't made the nordic poor richer than the american poor but it has made the rich poorer . 
  of course . 
  that has been self evident for a long time now . 
  i 'm surprised people are still surprised by this . 
   passers-by stopped their cars to get out and spit , slap her face and throw tomatoes at her . 
  her knees buckled . 
  she struggled to mumble in protest of her innocence and to shake her head in denial . 
  how terribly sad . 
  i feel so bad for this woman . 
  how will she ever forget this ? 
  fuck the bastards that made her do this . 
  holy shit that gif is hilarious !, 
  maybe in the suburbs adjacent to the ghetto . 
  but for the most part , no . 
  the suburbs surrounding the city are vast , so if you live in the middle of the suburbs , you 're a bit far from the bad neighborhoods . 
  they usually just steal shit from their local area . 
  i was n't defending this particular video . 
  my first comment was suggesting that you will never see a video posted with full context . 
  i never sided with the content in the video . 
  and because of that , it just confirms in my mind the bias people have . 
  they did n't really even read my comment . 
  i just did n't rapidly denounce fox news . 
  and i was down voted as predicted . 
  well being that i have not watched this video in particular , i was just making a general statement about how fox clips are presented on reddit in general . 
  but i am guessing watching ten minutes before and after that comment was made might add more insight . 
  then again , it may not . 
  point is , fox is n't nearly as bad as it is presented here . 
  just to show you how biased reddit is against it , my comments defending fox will all get down voted . 
  but how many people on reddit actually watch fox on a regular basis to refute my comments ? 
  almost none , yet they all have a strong opinion . 
  why ? 
  because , well ... everyone else does . 
  when it comes to fox news videos on reddit , no one will ever post a full video providing context . 
  that would betray their own bias . 
  but even with direct democracy , there are things that do n't get voted on and are left to the government to decide . 
  and direct democracy has its flaws . 
  california has direct democracy . 
  the voters consistently vote to extract more benefits from the government and often vote down propositions required to fund those benefits . 
  i.e. , they want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  that 's just a small example , but the point is , direct democracy comes with its own drawbacks just like anything else that should be considered . 
  when they say `` city '' do they mean the city proper , or include the entire municipal area with surrounding suburbs . 
  because if that is the case , i could understand why detroit was featured alongside mogadishu . 
  i lived in detroit for a year just last year , and the surrounding suburbs are beautiful and an awesome place to live . 
  people almost never believe me when i say this , and it is n't just people outside the us that think this about detroit . 
  everyone outside detroit has this idea that it 's some collapsing city reminiscent of a war zone . 
  when you hear about the white flight that took place , they mostly moved about 20 minutes outside the city and those areas are quite prosperous . 
  although , if detroit gets its liveability inflated up by including suburbs , i would guess london would too , so i am not sure why they ranked detroit and london together . 
  that just does n't pass the smell test . 
  then again , i 've never been to london , but did live in detroit so its hard for me to say what in the hell is going on in this ranking . 
  you seem very upset that public input is not very strong for this trade agreeement . 
  but what about other trade agreements in the past ? 
  why is this different ? 
  no trade agreements are done with public input , nothing would ever get done . 
  and on another point , are you just as upset that the public does n't have any say in something like the ecb 's monetary policy ? 
  what about your government 's foreign policy ? 
  should every citizen have a say in that ? 
  exactly .
