   i bet that if he was still alive he would be cheering at the terrorist attacks . 
  i think he would be dismayed that concerns were ridiculed exactly like you are doing right now . 
  the title is admittedly shitty , although titles are typically set by the editor , not the author ( as far as i know ) so i would set your pride aside and pay attention to the article not the title . 
  no one is saying it 's just belgium 's problem . 
  the author even provides other examples :  t 's true that the bombspotters have n't been back to kleine brogel in a few years . 
  but that 's because they 've been breaking into other locations . 
  and , a couple of years ago , there was yet another incursion , by another group of activists , at volkel air base in the netherlands . 
   it 's no coincidence that the u.s. air force nuclear enterprise has been marred by a series of jaw-dropping security breaches , from nuclear weapons being mistakenly flown across the country to a drunken general desperate to play guitar in a beatles cover band in moscow to a little colombian marching powder . 
  these things happen , and right now the spot light is on belgium because of recent terrorist attacks . 
  if they happened in the netherlands instead , we 'd be reading articles about the security issues in the netherlands . 
  but right now , it 's belgium that is under scrutiny for obvious reasons . 
  america has had many more issues with nuclear weapons security than just that one incident that you linked ... but that has no bearing on whether or not belgium 's nuclear security is good enough either . 
  so i am not sure what the point of your comment is . 
  everyone makes mistakes , you are supposed to acknowledge them and make sure they do n't happen again . 
  belgium keeps getting hammered in the press . 
  this article is one of those amusing/terrifying ones :  and at the time , senior u.s. military officers made one thing very clear to us : the security at the bases stunk . 
  one commander noted that the upgrades necessary to meet security requirements would run into the hundreds of millions of dollars . 
  another said his worst fear was that a group of activists would be able to get inside the shelters where the nuclear weapons are stored and use a cell phone to publish a picture of the vaults . 
   and then it happened . 
  in january 2010 , a group of protesters who call themselves `` bombspotters '' entered kleine brogel . 
   apparently the plan was to hang around on the tarmac of the runway and get arrested . 
  but no one came to arrest them . 
  so they wandered around -- for either 40 minutes or an hour , the accounts differ -- before walking through an open gate into an area with hardened aircraft shelters for the base 's f-16s . 
  eventually , as the hippies continued to wander around the shelters , security arrived . 
   the `` security force '' was one moderately annoyed-looking belgian guy with a rifle -- an unloaded rifle . 
   so , a few months later , the activists entered the base again . 
  they helpfully sent me a little note . 
  this time , they not only got inside the proper area , but they also got inside one of the shelters . 
   security never showed up . 
  apparently , the base commander found out about the incursion when the rest of us did -- when the activists posted a video on youtube a day or so later . 
  this was literally the scenario the u.s. military officer had warned us about -- hippies inside a shelter with a cell phone , security nowhere to be found . 
   yet still no panic . 
  i 'm pretty sure in other countries , this lax approach to security of nuclear weapons would ruin a number of careers if this happened . 
  but belgium gives no fucks . 
  well as it turns out , i live 3 hours south of you in peoria , and do that retarded shit here too . 
  i have a friend that 's a teacher . 
  in order to get rid of the gaping grade disparity between blacks and everyone else ( there 's a shit ton of indians here who are doing damn well for themselves in every metric , including their kids excelling in school even though they 're in a foreign country learning in a foreign language ) , they decided to make it impossible to score lower than a 60 % on a test . 
  so you can write your name , turn the paper in , and still not fail . 
  obviously , that improved the education by precisely zero . 
  god forbid someone suggest they spend more time in the library instead of smoking blunts on the corner and riding around on bikes robbing people though . 
  again , all my friends are very liberal , one is even a social worker who deals with these people every day . 
  i do n't even talk about this stuff unless we 're all 8 beers deep . 
  they just refuse to connect the dots , and somehow manage to call the people that do connect the dots retarded and ignorant . 
  it 's really fucking frustrating getting called racist and ignorant for pointing out the obvious . 
  yup . 
  totally agree . 
  there are more differences with the immigration scenario in the us and europe than there are commonalities . 
   also in the us all these people are armed with multiple guns what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  do you think every immigrant has numerous guns and murders each other at a clip of hundreds per year ? 
  besides the fact that some people on the left refuse to entertain comments like yours because it assigns blame to their culture , people will also resent this comment because you say things like this :  it not only rationalizes this behavior , it removes personal responsibility whereas i agree with everything you just said , you do n't have to look far to find some liberal make a quip `` oh just pull yourself up by your bootstraps lol '' . 
  the trajectory of our society is one that implies that human agency , action  consequence , personal responsibility is a fallacy . 
  i find it really distressing that the idea that one can improve themselves through their own hard work is heavily derided now . 
  when talking about poverty within certain cultures , the negative aspects of those cultures are rarely discussed . 
  most of me friends are very liberal , even hinting at this will get you ridiculed . 
  we need to get back to assigning blame on individuals when they fuck up , instead of endlessly admonishing the system . 
  and when groups from a certain culture fail , we need to address their cultural issues , not endlessly modifying the system to somehow accommodate their flaws . 
  by removing the personal responsibilty side of the equation , we are basically telling people that they only way their lives can improve is waiting for the government to improve that for them . 
  what we 're actually left with is an entire generation , angrily waiting for manna from heaven to deliver them from their plight . 
  people have to understand that manna from heaven is n't coming , and if an entire cultural group has problems , then only they can actually improve themselves by taking a sober look in the mirror . 
   specifically , many of the problems arose out of my claims of irishness itself . 
  that was what really seemed to offend people 's sensibilities . 
  irishness is synonymous with whiteness , it seemed . 
  whiteness is `` pure '' and does n't extend to brown girls , even those who can trace their irish ancestry back to the 10th century . 
  how frequently i heard that i `` was n't really irish '' . 
  but i am irish . 
  in addition to being born there , my mother , her parents before her , and theirs before them , for generations and generations , are all irish . 
  that 's guaranteed to rustle the jimmies of most irish people . 
  they already get annoyed seeing white americans claim to be `` irish '' . 
  i can only imagine that frustration with the absurdity of that claim is compounded by seeing a black person claim to be irish , regardless of her other heritage . 
   there are hardly any benefits for self-defence . 
  is this a joke ? 
  i 'd say preventing yourself from getting robbed , stabbed , raped , or killed is a pretty decent benefit of defending yourself . 
  unfortunately , you are correct . 
  mentioning this blatantly obvious fact , of course makes you racist . 
  sigh , there 's only so much you can do . 
  here 's an excerpt from your second link :  while details of the document are n't final , republicans would propose turning funding for those programs into something similar to a block grant , said senate budget committee member lindsey graham ( r. , s.c. ) . 
  that approach would call for the federal government to pay states a lump sum , instead of a percentage of the program 's costs . 
  states would have more control over the program and would be responsible for footing the rest of the bill . 
   `` it 's just a better way to give flexibility on the ground , where people are at , '' mr. graham said . 
  `` the more you manage something far away , the more costly and less efficient it becomes . '' they are talking about changing how they structure food stamp funds . 
  is that such a grave sin ? 
  you immediately jumped on the `` this means they hate poor people '' wagon . 
  senate republicans are basically suggesting that the federal government give a block grant out to states . 
  and instead of the federal government overseeing the programs , to make this a state competency . 
  sorry , but i do n't see anything inherently wrong with that . 
  and i have n't even gotten to this part yet :  and in parrallele give more crooked contracts to the same parties as always ummmwhat ? 
  what parties are you talking about here that `` always '' get crooked contracts ? 
  and what makes you think republicans are the ones dishing out crooked contracts ? 
  you realize that this is bi-partisan corruption , and you can find a dozen examples of both republicans and democrats dishing out corrupt contracts . 
  that 's standard corrupt practices that politicians have in every party , from every country have engaged in . 
  i have met quite a few of his supporters . 
  none are poor , and none are poorly educated . 
  they are all white though , then again where i live most people are white to begin with so that 's not exactly a surprise . 
   so , you support making policy de facto cutting large sections of the population 's access to welfare in light of a few isolated anecdotes of people who lived on it ? 
  i never said i advocated anything . 
  you 're filling in those gaps yourself . 
  i am just telling you that your original comment was very reductionist , that is all . 
  no one wants to cut all benefits to nothing . 
  if anyone does have problems with benefits , they usually want to see if that money could be allocated more effectively or if there are ways to reduce waste/fraud .
