  the likelihood would be quite high . 
  being children of immigrants , and coming from low income families , and being minorities , they would likely qualify for thousands of dollars in grants and scholarships every year . 
  in fact i knew people like you mentioned in college , and they got so much money in grants and scholarships they made money going to college . 
  hell , i myself went to college for free and i come from a middle class background and was raised by a single mother . 
  do you know how much money is given out to students every year in grants and scholarships ? 
  hundreds of billions . 
  you must be crying all the time then, 
   russian invasion though ? 
  sign us the fuck up . 
  speak for yourself . 
  at least when you fight islamist shit bags , there is n't a risk of your own country getting annihilated by nuclear weapons, 
  i 'm almost 30 and have lived in 6 different states , 8 cities , and have travelled through most of the country . 
  never seen those bumper stickers either , nor have i heard someone say those things in real life . 
   we are quickly reaching american levels of anti-intellectualism and feelings-before-facts lol you 're ten steps ahead of us . 
  hello . 
  why are you using my name in this thread ? 
  i 'm really confused now, 
  / r/politics i 'd a terrible sub to glean insight into actual american politics . 
  do you really think our entire political ecosystem is represented by 20 year old millineals ? 
  i guess you 've never heard of the country called `` india '' then . 
  dozens of different ethnicities all use the same currency , and everyone there is native to the indian subcontinent, 
  millions of natives in america do too . 
  i grew up next to an indian reservation . 
  my school was like 30 % native american . 
  did you think they were all wiped out ? 
  what does that have to do with modern currencies ? 
  this is where his point goes in the trash :  a simple but very old victorian equation was reborn , ( groomed ) beard + white = respectable key word here is `` groomed '' , and that is important regardless of color . 
  i mean , there is literally a subreddit dedicated to a certain type of people notorious for unkempt bears : / r/justneckbeardthings , and the guys that are ridiculed there are universally white . 
  i say this as someone who has had a beard for over a decade . 
  but i keep it neatly trimmed and clean it up twice a week . 
  i 've seen plenty of white guys that just let their beards grow fallow so to speak , and it is disgusting . 
  does n't matter the race of the person . 
  having a beard is like having a body ... you are supposed to keep it clean , trimmed/properly groomed just like you are expected to shower and wear deodorant . 
  i have seen plenty of `` brown people '' with facial hair ... but they trim it up and keep it legit so no one has a problem . 
  this guy is just finding anyway to victimize himself and rant against the white hetero patriarchy or whatever bullshit he has cooked up in his mind . 
  how are russian publishers buying baltic licensees ? 
  why are they even allowed to do that ? 
  and why are n't baltic publishers buying them instead ? 
   yes , i righteously resent the fact that growing a beard is an entirely different experience from race to race , from class to class and importantly from gender to gender , that there is nothing i can do to change that experience . 
  this guy is ridiculous . 
  if course growing a beard is an experience that differs from gender to gender . 
  women ca n't grow beards , only men can . 
  is he calling biology `` sexist '' now ? 
  that would be like me complaining about period privilege . 
  this is the kind of crap you see when liberals having nothing left to legitimately complain about . 
  they just start making up a bunch of bullshit to complain about . 
  makes you wonder how it would pass a health inspection . 
  also , why did n't they have this cafe when i was in london last year :(, 
  yeah my life is immeasurably better due to the breakthroughs achieved in eskimology . 
  how am i supposed to live now that this program has ended ? 
  and so fucked !, 
  imagine how much easier it would be to get laid if that was your house, 
  damn that 's really fucked up . 
  so he 's basically an extracurricular school shooter, 
  i do n't know why you would consider texas unwanted . 
  it 's a economicl , cultural , sports , culinary powerhouse that also is loaded with natural resource with great access to the world 's shipping routes via it 's huge border with the gulf of mexico . 
  it also boasts the nation 's large military post and has many defense contract companies there including spacex . 
  austin has a booming tech center and it has great universities . 
  texas could easily be it 's country much like california could ( assuming it would have similar trade access which they probably would n't ) . 
  they get shit on for being successful and proud . 
  sorry for the mobile link : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_austin_suicide_attack the guy crashed a single prop plane into the side of an irs building and one person died . 
  he did it because he literally hated taxes and killed a manager with his plane . 
  his manifesto was purely a rant against the tax offices theft of citizen money . 
  he did n't crash his plane into a crowd of random people during a parade killing in the name of an ideology . 
  not did he crash a 747 into the side of a building . 
  your comparison is way off . 
  was that brievik or the unabomber ? 
  eitherway ... holy shit . 
  whoever it was coulda been a successful politician today but instead went the route of murderer instead . 
  crazy . 
  crazy . 
  i saw reports saying they were shouting `` fuck foreigners '' . 
  lots of conflicting information going on right now . 
  who knows what to believe . 
  we 'll have to wait and see i guess . 
  how would he pocket the money ? 
  divert a trillion to his own bank account ? 
  it 's also congress that dictates monetary policy , so they say where money gets reallocated . 
  that 's not a competency the executive branch has ownership of, 
  it 's how they show you they love you :d, 
  and amish people . 
  they 're kinda interesting too, 
  the war of the turkey and the burger . 
  sounds like the most delicious war ever, 
  yeah it 's definitely the first one i 've ever seen . 
  not sure . 
  lots of speculation . 
  this tweet said erdogan is now seeking asylum in germany . 
  sorry for the mobile link : https://mobile.twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/754064655270547456?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw this is crazy, 
  grim future indeed . 
  as an 18 year old , there 's a decent chance you might get drafted if the situation in your country continues to deteriorate . 
  good luck man . 
  damn that 's fucking crazy . 
  so much shit has already happened this year , but this is certainly one of the biggest events i have seen in a long time . 
   i suspect the russians are behind isis huh , for a second there i thought it was muslims that were behind the rise of isis and the exceedingly long list of other islamic terrorist organizations . 
  but i guess it was the russkies all along . 
  russians are the real reason for all the problems in the world . 
  hell , i bet it was the russians that caused me to drink too much last night and get to work late . 
  bastards . 
  depends .
