  a term almost never used in the us ( not sure about the uk ) , but used by others to refer to the uk/us . 
  i hope that term dies . 
  it is essentially meaningless in this day and age . 
  this is a pretty interesting article about the situation in spain , and whether or not the numbers coming from the bank of spain are inaccurate/misleading . 
  here 's some bits and pieces from the article that may be interesting :  in fact , the edp accounting measure is becoming an increasingly blunt instrument for measuring the extent of spain government spending and the dynamic of its debt obligations . 
  according to bank of spain data there were something like 1.35 trillion euros of spain government debt obligations in circulation at the close of 2013 , as compared with the 961 billion euros worth which count as debt under edp rules . 
  i dealt with this issue at some length a couple of years back , but leaving aside the details -- groso modo -- it is clear that there is much more spanish debt out there than many are assuming . 
  even more surprising is the fact that total debt obligations rose by some 14.5 % during 2013 , and that 56 % of this increase came under headings which do n't count towards the edp measure . 
   [ spain general govt debt : eurostat vs. bank of spain ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-hliatnly_pu/u1p_xl2qrxi/aaaaaaaavx4/jpfvqa_q7m4/s1600/201404-24_181104.png )  the argument here is not to suggest that spanish gross sovereign debt is 132 % of gdp ( which a superficial reading of the headline number would suggest ) -- the reality is more complicated -- but that it is certainly significantly higher than the 93.9 % of gdp reported to brussels under the edp criteria . 
  but even more importantly -- and this is really the argument i want to get across -- in order to achieve a positive gdp quarterly growth figure at this point it is almost impossible to really reduce the scale of the fiscal deficit , whatever herculean efforts you make . 
  the rest is simply smoke and mirrors . 
   lets take the case where nominal gdp grows by 2 % , and deflation is 1 % -- then real gdp grows by no less than 3 % ( you have to add the deflation number , not subtract the inflation one , if in difficulty ask the japanese for help , they have been doing this for years ) . 
  now lets imagine a case where quarterly nominal gdp growth is zero , but the gdp deflator is estimated at minus 0.4 % ( aha , now you see where i am going ) . 
  * then in this case real gdp grows on the quarter by 0.4 % ( precisely the current spanish result ) . 
  * supposing that later you revise this estimate to minus 0.2 % , then gdp growth is halved at a stroke , since it also becomes 0.2 % this article is pretty wonkish , but it 's worth the read . 
  it does n't seem like anyone knows what 's really going on spain at this point . 
  luckily , it seems a lot of spaniards ( at least the ones here ) , do n't believe everything the gov ' t says , and does n't believe that a robust recovery is right around the corner . 
  that 's an unfortunate mentality . 
  i spent a month in india and absolutely loved it . 
  i would go back in an instant if i could . 
  sure , india has its problems , and it has problems that many countries you 're used to simply do not ( i.e. 
  sanitation , widespread plumbing ) . 
  i think life we be a little boring if every country was the same , or if people refused to visit another country unless it was as developed as their 's . 
  you could spend a lifetime in india and not see everything that country has to offer . 
  you 'd only be doing yourself a disservice of denying yourself the opportunity to see india and all its beauty . 
  it 's truly one of the most remarkable countries in the world . 
  hmmm ... 
  i wonder if mcdonald 's is just more expensive in europe than it is back here in the us ? 
  it would be very difficult to find a restaurant that had any meals cheaper than mcdonald 's . 
  or maybe restaurants are just cheaper in europe ? 
  it 's just a little bizarre seeing people talk about mcdonald 's being expensive . 
  that 's pretty much one of the few places poor people can easily afford to eat at here . 
  especially since they have a decent sized dollar menu . 
   this was also around the time when my family was way too poor to afford eating at mcdonald 's . 
  no offense , but i honestly thought i would never hear anyone say this in my lifetime . 
  what about relocating them to a country so poor that stealing is n't even considered ? 
  how common are irish travelers ? 
  if you were to spend a month in ireland , how likely would you be to see one ? 
  would you find them more in cities or small towns/rural areas ? 
  what 's the 51st state ? 
  wow . 
  that 's pretty spectacular looking . 
  very picturesque . 
  i can only imagine what it must look like in person . 
  why does one have to be better than the other ? 
  why ca n't they both be good ? 
  your number for western europe 's total gdp is the exact same as the number for the entire eu that is depicted in the graphic for this post . 
  one of those two numbers must by wrong . 
  i suspect it is yours ( unless of course western europe has grown and consumed all other europeans countries ) . 
   there is no minimum wage job in norway , but you 're going to have a hard time finding a legal job paying an adult less than $ 25 . 
   even correcting for purchasing power , that 's a living wage in a way that $ 7 ai n't . 
  let 's be honest . 
  do you think its fair to use norway as a standard metric ? 
  it 's probably more fair to use norway as an outlier . 
  few countries can boast about the luxuries norway has . 
  a small , relatively homogeneous country supplemented by vast oil wealth is n't the best comparison to use in terms of pay . 
  norwegians make more than pretty much everyone , so of course $ 25 would seem natural as the lower end of income , especially considering that the cost of living is substantially higher than the us . 
  and $ 7/hr was never meant to be a living wage . 
  it 's simply the lowest possible limit . 
  there is a reason those jobs are dominated by 16 and 17 year olds working their first job . 
  or illegal immigrants who can not get a job legally so they are underpaid . 
   which side of this are you objecting to ? 
  both i guess . 
  san francisco also worsens its poverty levels due to the tech sector boom that has caused housing prices to explode , pushing the vulnerable to the margins . 
  i have no idea how to remedy that situation , but income disparity is a problem san francisco will have to solve . 
  as to the visibility issue , there are ways to mitigate that that the city clearly is n't doing . 
  for instance , it can construct homeless shelters and subsidized housing to give those people a place to go . 
  it can also pass legislation making pan handling and loitering illegal . 
  for instance , when i went to portland i saw some transients living just off the road in tents . 
  that would not be acceptable in many other cities . 
  and these were n't despondent , hopeless people on the streets for because they were poor . 
  these were transients pitching up a tent in the city playing music before they picked up and moved on . 
  other cities would not tolerate people camping in downtown . 
  portland seemed to embrace it . 
  i am not sure how well versed you are in american terminology regarding the homeless , but there are some subtle differences . 
  a bum ( do n't work , do n't move around ) is not the same as a hobo ( do n't work , do move around , sometimes by hopping the trains ) and transients/vagrants ( do work occasionally either in seasonal farm work or by playing music on the streets , and are always on the move ) . 
  the latter category implies homelessness is a choice . 
  some people would rather live on the road i guess . 
  this is the category that frustrates me the most since they are generally capable , but slum around in cities as a lifestyle . 
  this was the typical homeless person on saw in cities like portland , and to a lesser extant tucson , arizona . 
   triple us minimum wage only switzerland has triple the us minimum wage . 
  hell germany does n't even have one . 
  i knew it !, 
  i had a gut feeling that you would say san francisco when you referenced tons of homeless people . 
  that city used to be the mecca of hippies , and is now filled with burned out drug addicts . 
  in addition , it still has this lore as a liberal utopia for some reason , and teen runaways and various transients congregate in san francisco . 
  same damn thing as portland , oregon . 
  and the locals i talked to seemed fine with all the transients and bums in their city . 
  they seemed to think it added to the laid back atmosphere they are trying to cultivate . 
  it 's fucking crazy . 
  i 've never been to europe and i desperately want to go . 
  i come here mostly because i enjoy learning about other areas of the world , and this is the best sub i have come across for that reason . 
  case in point , reddit is dominated by americans , yet there is no sub like / r/europe that exists for americans . 
  even the sub / r/america is run by all british mods who keep it as a satirical sub . 
  it 's kinda frustrating . 
  the funny thing about detroit , is its actually kinda nice . 
  especially the surrounding suburbs . 
  so if you meet someone from the us who says they 're from detroit , you should n't say something like `` omg how did you survive ! '' . 
  chances are , they lived in a really nice suburb with virtually no crime . 
  even the downtown of detroit is fairly nice .
