  the article itself was n't too bad , but it makes me question their credibility when they have links to articles on the side who 's headline is simply : [ are biofuels europe 's sh * ttiest idea ever ? 
  ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/04/17/biofuels_bad/ ) i 'm not sure what kind of site the register is , maybe they consider themselves more informal or something , but i think it detracts from the content in the article to see such blatant sensationalism and unprofessionalism . 
  i 'm not russian . 
  i do n't really care what they do . 
  do you honestly think belgium could check russia 's power . 
  you mock me , but do you think your country could stand up to russia ? 
  why are europeans always bitching about russians ? 
  it 's not like you guys can do a damn thing about it . 
  you 're just jealous that the one great european power left is the russians , and not a western european country . 
  russia is a mighty world power , europe is not . 
  get over it . 
  no way man , this time it 's for real . 
  not like all those other times . 
  this is what he originally said . 
  fyi i saw this comment on / r/murica a few weeks back . 
  i thought it was pretty funny in that context , but do n't ask me why this guy posted that comment in this thread :  people often ask me what it means to be an american . 
  i tell 'em it 's triumph . 
  triumph when we nuke our enemies . 
  triumph when when peer down from the moon and laugh heartily at russia . 
  triumph when we depose one dictator after another . 
  triumph when we break into the homes of terrorist kingpins on the other side of earth and shoot them in the face . 
  triumph when we use flying robots to bomb other terrorists in afghanistan , and other nuclear robots to explore mars . 
  triumph when we free europe from nazis . 
   but it 's not just the the big things , see ? 
  it 's the way i can set up lawn chairs at my friends house on the texas rio grande and share a toast to freedom while watching mexicans charge into gunfire to enter my country . 
  it 's the way an italian cabbie sits up straight and floors the gas when he hears my accent . 
  it 's seeing the wide eyes and bead of sweat running down the forehead of a german customs agent when he opens my passport . 
  it 's the way a french waiter hangs his head when i refuse the wine and ask for coke instead , in english knowing full well he understands me ( and that they have it ) . 
  the way an aussie blushes and leans into the urinal next to me in the bathroom , or the scowl that meets my smirk when i tip an english waiter in us dollars covered with washington 's face . 
  the way small mobs of canadian school children follow me from a distance to see what a free man looks like , or how heads timidly rise and women gather when my accent stops the music in the clubs of amsterdam . 
  every bit of it , triumph . 
  that 's what it means to be an american . 
  yeah that was n't even remotely close to good trolling either . 
  it was just stupid . 
  i 've seen this comment before , but from someone else . 
  you copied and pasted it here in a comment section about a dispute between lithuania , the eu , and russia . 
  i 'd like to know why . 
  how is this related to the article at all ? 
   it 's funny that there are still americans that think immigration to the us is open when there is a literal fence spanning that border . 
  maybe if you think a patchy barb wire fence constitutes an actual barrier . 
  there is no fence spanning that border . 
  i believe almost all of california 's border with mexico is fenced off , but a lot of arizona 's , new mexico 's , and texas ' border is only fenced near border cities . 
  away from these cities are vast swathes of uninhabited desert which is mostly not fenced , and not really guarded at all . 
  it is simply too vast , too desolate , and too inhospitable to really build out there , or patrol out there reliably . 
   immigrants from larger countries have no chance , however . 
  not really , this could be true for some countries . 
  india sends people here in their tens of thousands . 
  this is also another problem . 
  some countries send so many here they crowd out all the spots for citizens of other countries . 
   british money is in pounds , shillings , and pence . 
  ( this is explained more fully later on . ), 
  the british are used to this system and they like it , and all your arguments that the american decimal system is better wo n't convince them . 
  they wo n't be pleased to hear you call it `` funny money , '' either . 
  they sweat hard to get it ( wages are much lower in britain than america ) and they wo n't think you smart or funny for mocking at it . 
  i never thought us americans would ever be able to make fun of a country for not having a decimal system , and being on the side of convincing another person that the decimal system is superior . 
  i need to acquire british friends so i can mock them . 
   ** the british are tough . 
  ** do n't be misled by the british tendency to be soft-spoken and polite . 
  if they need to be , they can be plenty tough . 
  the english language did n't spread across the oceans and over the mountains and jungles and swamps of the world because these people were panty-waists . 
  and thank god they did . 
  and just like before , the english language carries on , plowing up other languages like weeds in the garden and tossing them aside to the dustbin of history . 
   sixty thousand british civilians-men , women , and children-have died under bombs , and yet the morale of the british is unbreakable and high . 
  a nation does n't come through that , if it does n't have plain , common guts . 
  the british are tough , strong people , and good allies . 
  inspiring stuff . 
  a lot of the content in the `` the country '' section seems like it was written yesterday . 
  this suggestions and descriptions seem pretty timeless to me , but i 'm not sure if any brits that read this would agree . 
   the important thing to remember is that within this apparently old-fashioned framework the british enjoy a practical , working twentieth century democracy which is in some ways even more flexible and sensitive to the will of the people than our own . 
  and this has been on full display for the last few years . 
  although this part reminds me that britain is not all its cracked up to be :  in `` getting along '' the first important thing to remember is that the british are like the americans in many ways-but not in all ways . 
  you are quickly discovering differences that seem confusing and even wrong . 
  like driving on the left side of the road , and having money based on an `` impossible '' accounting system , and * drinking warm beer . 
  * savages . 
  canada would n't want to join because it is already a part of nafta , and i do not think it would be able to have a free trade agreement on its own outside of the structure of the eu . 
  it borders its largest trading partner , and that border happens to have more trade crossing it then any other border in the world . 
  it would only make sense if canada got to keep this arrangement , but that would mean the us and mexico would get free trade with one eu member , and no other eu members . 
  it would certainly bring up some complications . 
  plus , what incentive is there really ? 
  it 's not some small baltic state trying to get some protection from russia . 
  it is already trying ( not very successfully though ) to get a free trade agreement with the eu . 
  it would need to deal with more bureaucracy from brussels . 
  they are already looking to asia for future growth , as the potential for growth is much higher as europe is already a developed and saturated market . 
  i do n't know , that idea seems more fantasy than reality . 
  thanks for the articles . 
  all i saw was a picture with no context , and one guy was wearing an nfl hat which is just really bizarre to me . 
  that 's some pretty crazy stuff in those articles . 
  i would stay away from ukraine if i was a homosexual as well . 
  such a shame though that it 's like that , i 've heard kiev is a beautiful city . 
  why is that guy wearing a new york giants hat ? 
  how do you know that was in ukraine ? 
  those guys are wearing american brand shoes , clothes , and a hat from a football team here . 
  unless people in ukraine just casually dress exactly like americans , that picture seemed odd . 
  keep them in guantanamo bay until one day someone decides they 'll take them . 
   calling your allies like that last minute is obviously never something you want to do , but in this case i think it was more a consequence of obama 's managerial incompetence than any sort of deliberate show of contempt towards france . 
  these kinds of things tend to happen when one of your principal allies quits the fight a day or two ahead of when the military action was supposed to take place . 
  i do n't think it 's that unreasonable to call off the strike and re-calibrate your strategy . 
  i do n't see how one could possibly interpret this as showing contempt , unless the us can also claim the uk holds the us and france both in contempt . 
  the scenario for the strike changed a day or two before it was to take place . 
  of course the strike should have been called off to figure out what the hell they should actually do .
