  this article is a bit sensationalist and clearly has an american bias ( i.e. , the tone of the article suggests that income disparity between americans and citizens of other countries is due to american decline ) . 
  this article could have also used the same data and suggested this was basically due to other countries catching up . 
  there are a number of advanced , industrialized nations out there . 
  it should n't be a surprise , nor cause of concern that other nations inevitably caught up with american income levels . 
  i 've seen poles in every state i 've ever lived . 
  do n't really have too much of an opinion , they 're mostly normal in my experience . 
  i watch it to pick up sweet moves . 
  cool , so you 've done all this travelling on your own will then . 
  you 're a bit bolder than i am when it comes to that sort of stuff . 
  anyway , it sounds like you 're busier than hell with all those classes and the travelling you seem to do . 
  it sounds like an interesting life though . 
  i 've been thinking about going on a big trip coming up , but i can never figure out if i should check out a part of the states i 've never been to or if i should check out another country . 
  there 's a lot to see over here and abroad . 
  damn choices one must make when travelling ... 
  thanks for the response . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how is it that you end up in these far flung areas of the world ? 
  i have always assumed you were from the us , and i see you mention from time to time the different places you have been and they seem pretty diverse . 
  is it a job ? 
  or do you just enjoy taking vacations to iraq ? 
  it 's a sad state of affairs when the most energy rich country on the planet suffers power cuts . 
  how can that happen ? 
  the universal declaration of human rights is not legally binding or international law . 
  it 's words on paper that countries sign to get into the good graces of other countries that have signed it too . 
  yes . 
  it appears his goals have drifted from revealing illegal spying of citizens to destroying the entire intelligence apparatus of the west , all while handing our adversaries potent propaganda victories . 
  i hope he enjoys his new muscovite home . 
  he ai n't ever leaving . 
  i came to that conclusion when he divulged the fact the nsa worked with swedish intelligence agencies to target sensitive russian infrastructure . 
  that has nothing to do with defending individuals from spying and everything to do with announcing to the russians what we would potentially be targeting in russia in case of armed conflict , and how we go about acquiring targets . 
  plus , it weakens our ability to work with other countries since they doubt our ability to keep a secret . 
  oh , and he did this while staying in an apartment in moscow . 
   what we really need is a european defense pact , because only if people see europe as one entity they will see an incursion on a part thereof as an incursion against all . 
  this is ideal of course , but a little too idealistic . 
  as of now , that sort of unity does not exist in europe . 
  this poses a problem . 
  a side of effect of russia 's funny games in ukraine is that europeans are inherently looking at existing structures for security , i.e. 
  nato . 
  does europe want to be in a position where it relies on an outside force for security ? 
  if not , is that reason enough to finally unify behind a common security apparatus ? 
  many european countries are distracted right now with an economic crisis within their own borders . 
  sooner or later , they will need to look outward again and ask serious questions about a unified military force . 
  here is the paradox . 
  right now european countries have other problems in mind , yet the reasons for a unified military are more glaringly obvious than ever . 
  so if now is not the time to be discussing this issue , then when is the right time ? 
  damn . 
  you 've got all kinds of good sources . 
  i need to get in conversations with you more often . 
  i did n't think they would tune rule that way . 
  i guess i 'm a bit of a pessimist . 
  anyway , is germany the only country that reserves the right to make sure decisions in the eu are inline with germany 's constitution ? 
  if so , why does germany alone reserve this right ? 
  i 'm not sure i get what you 're saying . 
   you better make damn sure you have ways and means to control it . 
  are you implying that this should be the domain of germany 's fcc ? 
  or are you implying some other body should be in charge of overseeing any potential qe . 
  i am only asking this because you quoted the bit of my comment that questioned the relationship between germany 's court and the ecb . 
  ( by the way , that 2nd source is excellent . 
  thanks for sharing it ) . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you said . 
  that area of the world has the potential of being the next flash point . 
  i just hope the situation can be resolved peacefully through diplomacy . 
   i have trust the ecb wo n't let the euro fail . 
  i would n't be confident until i see mario draghi put his money where his mouth is and actually do something . 
  plus there are serious issues with the influence germany 's federal constitutional court has over the ecb . 
  it seems bizarre that one country has de facto control over the entire ez 's monetary policy . 
  that urgently needs to be addressed . 
  they publish the online version of the articles on wednesday or thursday before the magazine itself hits the shelves on monday . 
  the date stamp is for the print edition . 
  investors have developed a remarkable enthusiasm for the european debt they once shunned . 
  on april 10th , only two years after greece imposed the biggest debt-restructuring in history on its private creditors , it raised $ 3 billion ( $ 4.1 billion ) in five-year bonds at a yield of less than 5 % ; the issue was seven times oversubscribed . 
  on april 15th yields on ten-year italian-government bonds fell to 3.11 % , the lowest on record . 
  from portugal to ireland , investors are piling into the bonds of the euro zone 's peripheral economies , pushing nominal yields down to levels not seen since the single currency began . 
  [ chart of ten year gov ' t bond yeilds ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/print-edition/20140419_ldc753.png ) it is tempting to say that this is proof that the euro crisis is over : that years of tough reform are paying off , and that lower bond yields should soon lead to greater investment and faster growth . 
  tempting , but largely wrong . 
  the outlook is far less rosy than the plunge in bond yields suggests . 
  first , there is the cruel arithmetic of deflation . 
  with prices falling in several of the peripheral economies , the real burden of their debts is rising . 
  second , much of the fall in bond yields reflects investors ' hopes that the european central bank ( ecb ) will start printing money , hopes that are likely to be dashed . 
  a year ago spain 's ten-year bonds yielded 4.7 % and its inflation rate was 1.5 % . 
  today ten-year bonds yield 3.1 % , but inflation has fallen below zero . 
  on this crude measure , the real yield on these government bonds -- that is , after adjusting for inflation -- has barely budged . 
  on a fancier measure , using ten-year inflation expectations , real yields on the periphery 's sovereign bonds have fallen more , but are still much higher than anywhere else in the rich world . 
  that is why investors are piling in . 
  but it is also why the debt burden is a problem . 
  ** hoping against history ** the burden of a country 's debts depends on how much it owes and the gap between its growth rate and the real interest rate it must pay . 
  on each count , europe 's peripheral governments fare poorly . 
  most have debts above 100 % of gdp . 
  structural reforms , from freeing labour markets to deregulating cosseted industries , have not been radical enough to transform their growth prospects [ see article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21601008-some-signs-improvement-must-try-harder-patchy-progress ) . 
  so the odds are that output will stay weak , deflation will persist and debt will rise further . 
  the way to avoid this is strong action from the ecb to banish deflation . 
  that is exactly what many investors today are betting on . 
  thanks to a string of hints from ecb officials that they are considering `` unconventional measures '' to stop inflation falling further , there is a growing expectation that the ecb is on the brink of cranking up the printing presses . 
  the reality will probably be much less dramatic . 
  europe 's central bankers are willing to talk about bold measures , in the hope that talk alone persuades the markets . 
  but there is no evidence of a commitment to act decisively . 
  germany 's influential bundesbank is not convinced that low inflation is yet a problem . 
  even those central bankers who worry about falling prices see endless practical problems in designing measures to combat them . 
  if the ecb acts it will probably be in small , careful steps , starting perhaps with the introduction of a negative rate on bank deposits . 
  unfortunately , history suggests that incremental efforts to fight deflation do not work .
