  good point . 
   governments suffering from this issue really need to bite the bullet and pump more funds not only into to subsidies to in-demand degrees ( like computer science or medicine ) but also to offer incentives for high-skill industry to set up shop there . 
  but how are heavily indebted , systemically vulnerable countries supposed to `` pump funds '' into anything ? 
  some of these countries are having problems keeping schools heated in the winter , or even keeping schools open at all . 
  when public employees are being laid off in droves , and public services are being slashed , how will they come up with this money ? 
  borrow it ? 
  their borrowing costs are already prohibitively expensive . 
  as for incentives , the only incentives they could be offering are lowering corporate taxes to levels at or below ireland 's , which is n't going to help fill their coffers either . 
  maybe they could do a few other things ( i really ca n't think of any ) , but hardly any of it are short term solutions , which are exactly the kind that are desperately needed . 
  why is there a pony in that picture ? 
  to be honest , i have never really heard the rules regarding emancipated juveniles , that 's kind of a niche rule that only applies to an insignificant part of the population . 
  typically , you must be 18 to purchase a rifle/shotgun , and 21 to purchase a pistol . 
  i guess i do n't know much about ownership laws though ( i always figured they were the same as the purchasing laws ) . 
  i guess someone can gift you a gun if you are under 18 , or you could inherit one from someone who died ( maybe , again i do n't know ) . 
  but yeah , for the most part ownership begins at 18 and up . 
  that 's what mumbai looks like on a permanent basis . 
  it 's not a crisis there , just a regular day of the week ( except more of the trash piles are on fire ) . 
  that does n't mention going into a gun store and purchasing a gun for yourself though . 
   but hollywood is very influential and for a lot of europeans , it 's the only way we get to see what america is like . 
  this is the crux of so many issues , and so many false perceptions surrounding america . 
  it 's like people can not separate the famously sensationalist hollywood from reality . 
   like the fact that in az i can own a gun at 16 you can drive a car at 16 , but not own a gun ... that 's 18 so * waayyy * different , 
   you know how americans need guns and shit to feel safe ? 
  we do n't . 
  umm ... 
  neither do we . 
  i hardly know anyone who owns a firearm , and the ones that i do live in the country and use them more for recreational reasons , not for protection . 
  but whatever , not like that will change your mind or anything . 
  you will probably always think that americans dodge bullets on a daily basis just to get to work . 
  good article . 
  i like how it points out that the eu/ez 's current structure and policy are creating divergence as opposed to convergence . 
  i 'm not sure how one could be supportive of a system that acts as a wedge , and not as an adhesive that binds countries closer together in terms of development and competitiveness . 
  how are citizens and industries in vulnerable nations supposed to improve if they face double the borrowing costs of northern countries ? 
  i ca n't imagine how frustrating it would be if the borrowing costs for me where not dependent on my credit worthiness , but were dependent on the location of where i lived . 
  also , is total labor mobility really a good thing ? 
  how are vulnerable nations supposed to improve their lot when the best and the brightest simply leave ? 
  not only is the skills gap widening in such a case , but also the ability to service existing debt since the tax base is shrinking . 
  does n't that also increase the borrowing costs for future debt ? 
  this seems like a recipe for a disastrous downward spiral , facilitated by the very mechanisms meant to prevent such a downward spiral . 
  they stunted their own growth and inhibited their own gas production ? 
  sounds like you got a bunch of geniuses there . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you 're saying . 
  i was just giving you a bit of a hard time with my previous comment . 
  but is n't this exactly how greece got the military you so frequently boast about ? 
  were n't you just crowing the other day about how greece 's military is second to none in europe ? 
  it seems that military you speak so highly of was constructed primarily through corruption . 
  does that take the polish off that turd a little ? 
  so they can wag their fingers at other countries and say `` see !, 
  look how progressive we are ! '' . 
  i think they are doing it mostly to look good in the eyes of the world . 
  that 's me !, 
  probably should n't have been driving around drunk . 
  oh well , now i get to be a scary statistic . 
  i offer no alternative hypothesis since i think it would be difficult , if not impossible , to distill the collective culture of over 300 million people into tidy boxes to help with understanding . 
  i would even say that there is no real over-arching culture that all of us fall into . 
  i simply think the individuality and self-responsibility tradition stems from the framing of our constitution that marginalized the government as a hedge against tyranny . 
  i would be hesitate to offer more in depth narratives , simply because of the amount of speculation that would require . 
  sorry , i just do n't think there are any simple answers to your question . 
   what kind of garbage subreddit is this ? 
  do you visit here often ? 
  this is par for the course for / r/europe . 
  i wish the same was true for europeans . 
  you guys have an amazing capacity for douche-baggery . 
   i suspect it 's because america loves to cling to the feeling that it 's still a frontier pioneer society . 
  i have only ever encountered this frontier pioneer society thing being mentioned by non-americans . 
  as you say , most of us live in cities/suburbs , so if you told me there was a pioneer culture throughout america , i would laugh at you . 
  it would just be so incorrect . 
   americans tend to get really upset whenever someone advances this theory though . 
  probably because it is laughably false , and usually demonstrates to americans that you view us through a silly prism ( just as we view others ) . 
  maybe it 's true that we do have this cowboy mentality . 
  i would say that 's absurd , but it may be easier from someone on the outside looking in to notice than someone born here . 
  or maybe that attitude is more pronounced in certain areas of the country . 
  but when i hear someone mention this on the other side of the atlantic , i always thought it was bizarre since it is self-evidently not true to someone who lives . 
   many americans kiss friends in the mouth . 
  just no . 
  you would quickly lose your friends if you did this . 
  you can not do that easily though . 
  you would need to either find the circuit breakers and shut down power to the entire kitchen , or smash the walls and rip the wiring out . 
  insinkerator is brand of garbage disposals . 
  that 's like saying kleenix is used to blow your nose in , instead `` facial tissue '' . 
  * come on man !, 
  you can not disconnect a garbage disposal . 
  it is built into the sink . 
  if you wanted to disconnect it , you 'd basically have to remove the entire sink . 
  you just have to not turn it on while your hand is down there . 
  you can not even reach the switch by yourself if your hand is in the garbage disposal . 
  so it can not turn on unless you live with someone who runs over and flips the switch as your hand is in there . 
  that would be an asshole thing to do . 
  so do n't live with assholes and you wo n't have a problem . 
  you 're correct . 
  europe has a massive economy that could easily sustain a robust navy . 
  although it seems various european governments seem to be snobby when it comes to military spending , almost like they are too good to spend their money on defense . 
  i get the impression that european leaders see spending money on a military as something only `` stupid americans '' and dictators do . 
  is that a simplistic narrative ? 
  because it looks like few europeans view spending money on a military as worthwhile use of their money . 
  yes . 
  they will crush the inevitable muslim insurrection in their country . 
  but they will attain a thirst for blood that can not be quenched by poor immigrants alone . 
  who knows when france 's rein of terror will end . 
  i 've heard whispers and rumors lately that france is still bitter over selling the us its territories so cheaply .
