  i guess if you 're on the far end of the left , maybe your idealism seems more like naivete ? 
  that seems how it is interpreted in my own country at least . 
  anyway , thanks for the response . 
   this is most certainly not helped by the fact corbyn has very little respect . 
  can you elaborate on that . 
  for a while he was portrayed as the messiah in some parts of reddit . 
  is he taken less seriously in the uk ? 
  i 'd be ok with it . 
  but * gay * sex with a dead sibling is just a little too far . 
  i 'm still a pretty conservative guy after all . 
  so theoretically you could fuck your dead sibling ? 
  i doubt you 'd get a lot if public support for legislation like that . 
  it 's not something a lot of people would want to rally around and protest in the streets over . 
  it does n't really have the same appeal as ... fair wages or something . 
  that 's one pretty looking boat . 
  only once a week ? 
  damn , things really are going to hell over there . 
  is no one rioting over this yet ? 
  wow . 
  you 're really passionate about your ancient history . 
  so where are hungarians descended from ? 
  but you 're country is n't in the euro ... 
  so that part does n't apply to you ( this part is speculation on my behalf though since i do n't remember seeing the pound compared in this article ) ... right ? 
  funny you mention that . 
  perhaps you subscribe to the economist as i do . 
  but your entire argument is the feature of this week 's edition of the economist . 
  it 's leading article says the very same thing : [ out of ammo ? 
  central bankers are running down their arsenal . 
  but other options exist to stimulate the economy ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21693204-central-bankers-are-running-down-their-arsenal-other-options-exist-stimulate )  the time has come for politicians to join the fight alongside central bankers . 
  the most radical policy ideas fuse fiscal and monetary policy . 
  one such option is to finance public spending ( or tax cuts ) directly by printing money -- known as a `` helicopter drop '' . 
  unlike qe , a helicopter drop bypasses banks and financial markets , and puts freshly printed cash straight into people 's pockets . 
  other unconventional policy options are mentonied in that article also . 
  but yeah you might be onto something with your comment right there, 
  ah ok . makes a lot of sense . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i 'm not sure if that means that gypsies are n't really that bad , or that the balkan peninsula is super crazy ... or maybe both . 
  interesting . 
  i 've met some europeans on the us who said some shops wo n't let gypsies in . 
  when i was in london , a few locals told me that nearby pubs and shops would n't let them in either ( or would have a worker keep an eye on them ) . 
  i know that 's a different type of restriction than letting them move to your country . 
  but it sounds like there are already restrictions on gypsies in some respect , whether legal or not . 
  but again i would n't know . 
  everything i know about gypsies comes from stories from other people . 
  are there gypsies in turkey ? 
  or is it like the us where you never see gypsies and only hear crazy stories about them from other countries ? 
  holy shit . 
  why did n't the locals fucking riot against them ? 
  it 's one thing to steal wallets and such from people , but destroying their infrastructure by stealing copper , manhole covers , and batteries is a whole different story . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  i would be enraged if that happened to my town . 
  oh god . 
  imagine if a gypsy made you answer three riddles before they let you past . 
  just read the article you linked and i saw something interesting . 
   the roma are eu citizens , mostly from romania or bulgaria , but french law requires them to have a work permit and prove they have the means to support themselves if they intend to stay for more than three months . 
  not sure if you know the answer to this ( this could be common throughout all of europe for all i know ) , but is everyone required to have work permits and prove they have income ? 
  or is this just for gypsies ? 
  that 's so crazy . 
  honestly , this sounds like something made up you would see in a movie . 
  we just have nothing at all similar to this in my country . 
  it 's hard to believe people actually live like that . 
   they usually lift their skirts up screaming like banshees what the fuck ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  are they trying to scare you with their vaginas or something ? 
  interesting . 
  that may be so . 
  but really know so little about a ) life of gypsies and b ) life in the balkan peninsula in general that i really ca n't speak about this stuff , or make conclusions about anything . 
  but yeah , definitely did n't know that about albania , but i also ca n't say i 'm surprised either . 
  no thanks . 
  we would n't know what the hell to do with them . 
  almost no one in the us has any experience whatsoever with gypsies ( i 'm 29 years old and have never seen one before in my life ) . 
  in the us , gypsies are portrayed kinda romantically . 
  they are portrayed as a simple traveling people , folk singers and mystical palm readers . 
  they are not portrayed as beggars , scammers and thieves . 
  i can only imagine the surprise we would see if they came here en masse . 
  we 'd be expecting a charming people playing the fiddle for us in parks ... we 'd be completely blind sided once we realized they were n't who we thought they were . 
  you 're partially correct . 
  but look at the end of the article :  leonid bershidsky , a bloomberg view contributor , is a berlin-based writer the author is european writing from europe in an american newspaper . 
  so it 's not exactly incorrect to interpret this article as being written from a european perspective, 
  they have a legitimate midden in their camps !, 
  that 's crazy . 
  i usually see the term `` midden '' when discussing animals or ants . 
  it 's so bizarre to see actual humans live like that where they have a midden right next to their homes !, 
  this is old school / r/europe right here . 
  anyone else remember the time before the migrant crisis where the biggest complaints europeans had about other people involved gypsies instead of muslims ? 
  seems like such simpler times compared to now . 
  that 's really interesting !, 
  thanks man . 
  i had no idea you guys thought of macedonia like that . 
  i knew there was some vague connection , but why is it viewed as a culturally holy land ? 
   as well as people with an anti-polish agenda i might be naive , but what group of people out there have an `` anti-polish agenda '' ? 
  for what it 's worth , no one outside of europe seems have any agenda with respect to poland . 
  i would n't expect to see either anti- or pro-polish agendas in the us . 
  i would only expect complete apathy regarding poland . 
  honestly , if you phrased it like that , i doubt people would even really notice or care . 
  when you said like that , it implies `` the terrorist attack that involved america '' . 
  same here for `` polish death camp '' . 
  no one actually thinks they were set up and ran by poles . 
  it 's a shorthand way of saying `` death camps that were operated in poland '' . 
  that being said , i understand why this would anger poles .
