  i 've read this comment several times now , and i ca n't tell if you 're talking about fucking , investing , or both . 
   they are enemys of abortions that 's such a weird thing to say . 
  especially if you 're assuming that 's a bad thing, 
  dude this is nothing . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  these kind of insults happen regularly , and what he said is tame compared to what others say on a regular basis . 
  that was actually a really insightful interview . 
  i noticed something subtle in it that i have n't heard before : the moderator asks a brief question ( more like postulates ) a scenario of the european union crumbling , then possibly taking down the euro/emu . 
  for years the doomsday scenario was the other way around : if the euro fails , can the eu survive ( and the answer was usually yes / probably ) ? 
  maybe i 'm looking too much into this , but this is the first time i 've heard people talking about the european union being the weak point , not the euro . 
  but wow , so much has changed in the last year . 
  and to think , almost all of this over the subject of immigration . 
  honestly , it really is n't that bad of a strategy . 
  although it 's not a strategy a european country would openly announce . 
  if you wanted your country to go that route , it would be best to keep it a secret and pretend like you were n't pursuing that strategy . 
  it would benefit you , but would certainly anger america and other european countries . 
  so you 'd still have to keep up appearances and spend some money so your other allies do n't get suspicious or resentful , but a balance could definitely be found, 
   and the only real threat is russia who we already outspend and outmatch if we were n't so unwilling to use force . 
  but that 's a political issue rather than spending issue . 
  perhaps you are right , but i disagree somewhat . 
  take syria for example . 
  europe has essentially ceded this fight to the us , turkey , russia ( and iran , saudi arabia etcc ... ) . 
  europe is essentially standing back helplessly as swarms of refugees pour out of that country . 
  if europe had a more muscular military , it could be in syria trying to manage the situation in a way that would benefit it 's national interests . 
  instead , it is letting other countries shape syria in ways that benefit their national interests , while europe sits back and deals with the fallout . 
  i am not suggesting that more european involvement in syria would benefit europe , but it is a possibility . 
  but since europe does n't have the military/political means/willpower to do this , we will never know how syria would have turned out if european powers had inserted themselves in that country earlier and managed the country in a way that would benefit europe . 
  but who knows , it could also have been an even bigger disaster . 
  the whole middle east is such a cluster fuck anyway . 
   if we had the will and capacity to go around the world it would inevitably lead to conflict with the us since our interests do n't align anywhere near perfectly . 
  so in the end we 're both happier without upsetting the status quo of us hegemony . 
  this is probably pretty accurate , but who knows . 
  after all , we 're just a bunch of random dudes speculating on stuff we do n't really know a whole lot about . 
   i think the average european could n't care less . 
  you 're probably right . 
  the average person in most countries does n't care much for foreign policy , and having the tools to pursue their own nation 's foreign policy . 
  that being said , the status quo wo n't change until european people and their leaders demand more from themselves . 
  having a foreign power come in and say you are being lazy mooches is n't going to fix anything , it will just fuel resentment . 
  so the impetus for change can only come from europeans themselves . 
  and as you say , the average european could n't care less . 
  so we will continue to see comments such as obama 's or [ robert gate 's ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/11/world/europe/11gates.html ) , and europeans will continue to shrug off those comments derisively . 
  it 's very difficult to disturb one 's sense of complacency . 
  people get comfortable and do n't want to change that . 
  ummm ... libya is much more of an interest to europe than it is to america . 
  i presume you have seen a map of the mediterranean basin before ? 
  libya is a lot closer to italy than it is to america , and libyan oil does n't go to america ... it goes to europe . 
  no europeans deny it . 
  they just hate it when americans mention it . 
   america however ... they are pushing their luck and britain has told the usa to fuck off plenty of times sounds to me like it is the brits that are pushing their luck ... 
  i could n't make heads or tails of the argument . 
  it seemed like the author could n't come to any conclusion one way or the other . 
  exactly . 
  you can walk down the streets of new orleans with a beer in your hand and drink as you please . 
  some other cities have similarly lax laws . 
  it 's not a bad thing at all . 
  it 's fucking awesome actually . 
  i wish you could do that everywhere in the us, 
  but i wish it did, 
  why wear condoms when pulling out is free ? 
  definitely true ... illusions are nice , are n't they :d, 
  probably not . 
  good point . 
  although i do n't exactly work for them . 
  i actually work for an indian outsourcing company ... i 'm like the only american that works for them here . 
  i honestly think i 'm a token hire so they can avoid getting in trouble by only hiring indian nationals . 
  but yeah , i 'll remove that . 
  so if you work for the state , do you get less pay but make it up in benefits ? 
  that 's how things work here in illinois if you work for the state ( except our state is so bankrupt now from underfunded pension liabilities that they 're basically sending out iou 's now ) . 
  i myself have an engineering degree , but do n't work in that field anymore . 
  i work in it in peoria , il . 
  the pay is good , and everything here is dirt cheap . 
  but the downside is working in a small midwestern city with hardly anything to do . 
  if you pulled in $ 200k here per year though , you could live in a mansion and have a damn helicopter pad on your house . 
  then you should cut back on those fancy city boy beers you 're so fond of :d ( just kidding , i drink those too and there is no going back ) . 
  by the way , what kind of work do you do ? 
  i 've mentioned elsewhere in this thread that my biggest complaint here is lack of vacation time . 
  if memory serves me correctly , i 've seen you talk about your vacation time and it is much more than the standard two weeks ( although i might be confusing you for someone else ) . 
  i think you are right to an extent ... we have a funny way of doing things here , and by that i mean we tend to `` hide '' expenses from what the citizens actually pay in taxes . 
  for instance , we tend to think that the cost of our medical insurance is n't too bad , and that is because that cost is mostly forced onto the employer itself . 
  so we also think we have low taxes here and that meshes with our mentality of being a low tax country ... but those taxes are just paid by our corporations . 
  so it lets us continue to believe we are a low tax country , even though we are n't . 
   the us has pretty much the highest corporate tax on earth . 
  this is another example of why these topics are so difficult to discuss . 
  it is true that the us has very high corporate taxes , but the * effective * rate is totally different . 
  i assume the same applies for other countries as well . 
  how do you even begin to compare corporate taxes between other countries when there are infinite deductions and loopholes that dramatically change what tax rate is actually paid ? 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure if you are making that kinda money , it does n't really matter where you live . 
  your quality of live would be high anywhere with that kind of salary . 
   americans live to work , while europeans work to live . 
  while this is of course a generalization ( and honestly , generalizations will have to do with topics like these because none of us intend to write a phd thesis on the subject ) , this is broadly true . 
  if there could be one single thing we imported from europe into america that i would love to see , it would be vacation time . 
  i love to travel , yet the amount of time i am afforded to do so is simply not enough ( two weeks plus holidays ) . 
  i could of course take more vacation time than that , but it would n't be paid . 
  i would absolutely love to have 3-4 weeks of vacation . 
  especially if i intend to travel abroad . 
  it hardly makes sense to spend $ 1500 on plane tickets to fly to another continent , yet only spend a week there . 
  i would love to be able to travel through europe for like a month at time . 
  and that is difficult to do in the us . 
   but i personally prefer to be poor in my own country than quite rich away from home honestly , outside of the internet where you see a lot of loud mouths endlessly complaining about their own country , i think most people feel the way you do , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  especially since `` poor '' in europe 's context does n't mean scavanging through garbage cans for food .
