  i 'm an adult and can handle that . 
  i mean their opinion section is constantly publishing pieces that are just ridiculous , and are always of an extreme left bias . 
  they not only do n't pretend to be neutral , they also rarely publish pieces that are even thoughtful . 
  it 's always the same type of nauseating , groan inducing opinion piece that looks like it was written by some idealistic teenager trying to show the world how open minded they are . 
  basically . 
  it 's not the fact that i do n't agree with authors , it 's that i think the quality of their articles are very low . 
  and it seems like most of the opinion pieces in the guardian are usually very low quality , and unabashedly bias, 
  another vomit inducing opinion piece from the guardian . 
  i swear to god , the guardian has the absolute worst `` opinion/comment is free '' of any english language media i have come across . 
  the rest of it is n't so bad . 
  but it 's like they go out of their way to find most moronic , bleeding heart authors on the planet and give them the keys to their opinion section . 
  it 's kind of impressive how they can be so consistently garbage . 
  not sure why they think this is a good approach for a media outlet though . 
  all it does is make the rest of the site look really suspect . 
  you 're a bears fan too ? 
  man , you really like doing things the hard way . 
  just what we need . 
  more barnacles . 
  how would i return though ? 
  would half of me go to ireland ? 
  a leg go to hungary ? 
  and the rest chopped up and scattered across wales , england , and scotland ? 
   he stressed that hungary 's one thousand-year-old statehood gives it the unquestionable right to protect its borders , citizens and culture . 
  hungary has the right to decide who may enter the country and who may not , and it is its duty to ensure that everyone who is allowed to enter observes its laws . 
  every country has the exact same right . 
  in fact , that is one of the primary tasks every government must uphold . 
  how and when did that become controversial ? 
  it should n't take a defiant politician to state this . 
  this has always been known . 
  any government who does anything less than that has abdicated its responsibility to its citizenry and should be removed from power . 
  it 's so strange how this seems to be a novel concept in europe now . 
  securing your borders and maintaining absolute control over what comes in and what comes out is the # 1 responsibility of every government and always has been . 
  i do that every time i read an opinion piece on the guardian . 
  it 's like they ceded their comment is free section to the absurd . 
  obviously . 
  as i said i 'm an outsider . 
  i am commenting on what i see , and i only see what is presented to me . 
  even if they just wanted cheap labor , i would still question their motives/decision process . 
  if they want cheap labor , that is directly at odds with this statement you quoted earlier :  martin winterkorn , the ceo of german carmaker volkswagen ag , said his company would seek to find trainee jobs for immigrants ... such action can also help stamp out xenophobia against the migrants so having a bunch of immigrants take other peoples ' jobs is gon na stamp out xenophobia ? 
  `` do n't hate these immigrants , we just brought them here to replace you '' ^ that does n't make a lot of sense to me either and seems very poorly thought through . 
  it 's like no one over there seems to be capable of thinking 1 , 5 10 years down the line . 
  hell , it does n't look like people over there can think 10 days down the line . 
  i mean , i get that anytime you look at a situation from the outside , you miss a lot of nuance . 
  but i have to be honest ... looking at europe from the outside does not inspire any confidence whatsoever . 
  ( i will probably take a lot of flak for that because of my flair , but oh well ) . 
  so it 's complete bullshit then . 
  figures ... 
  i do n't know what is going on in europe , but is seems idealistic delusions are widespread throughout government , media , and now industry . 
  how can so many people be so incredibly , and obviously naive ? 
  how does that even happen ? 
  hmmm ... how are the locals dealing with them ? 
  or is that not something that gets reported in the press ? 
  i guess they can do that . 
  but do authorities even know where most of the refugees are ? 
  or are many just wandering around fields and such ? 
  so what happens to all the refugees now trapped in the countryside ? 
  not all of them are in refugee camps/centers ( or whatever they hell they are called now ) . 
  tens of thousands were simply making this journey on foot . 
  so does anyone know where all those refugees are now ? 
  are they just roaming the countryside or the streets right now ? 
  who is keeping tabs on all the refugees in transit ? 
   i could n't believe my eyes when i saw them petitioning to cancel oktoberfest because it 's `` offensive '' and `` insulting '' to their own beliefs . 
  ummm ... did that really happen ? 
  good luck with getting germans to be ok with that . 
  what a bunch of idiots . 
  so random redditors are more trust worthy than this guy because there is a chance he is bias ? 
  the first sentence in this post  dissolving nato and vetoing further us and co. military `` intervention '' abroad i agree the us already acts unilaterally . 
  i 'm asking op why he thinks dissolving nato would allow european counties to veto us military action . 
  what leverage would europe have ? 
  what mechanism would it use to veto us action ? 
  this will go nowhere , and rightfully so . 
  how would europe veto action of another country ? 
  what mechanism would they use to do that ? 
  how would it stop a country like the us or russia from acting unilaterally ? 
  100 % of people sent back get tortured to death ? 
  being a 15 year old girl certainly helps, 
  that happens every time the leader of a powerful country says something though . 
  look at putin or obama . 
  this is nothing new to other countries . 
  when germany speaks , people listen . 
  it 's not like merkel is the leader of a country like iceland that no one pays attention . 
  welcome to the club . 
  none of this should be unexpected . 
  that 's a big chunk of europe that opposes her though . 
  too be fair , a lot of europe supports her as well . 
  so it seems a little inaccurate or misleading to say the majority supports her . 
  she has both many supporters , and many people who oppose her . 
  which is a shitty situation to be . 
  no clear mandate on how to exact ... diametrically opposed proposed solutions . 
  honestly , i do not envy her at all . 
  once again forced into a crisis where any approach will make many enemies . 
  but such is life for a leader of a powerful country . 
  i wan na see how she responds from here on out . 
  that should have been expected though . 
  politicians should be aware of this more than any other group of people . 
  she may not have articulated herself precisely , but she should be blamed for that , not the media ... well , the media should n't sensationalize comments either , but getting them to stop is impossible . 
  good grief . 
  the guy invented his own religion and called himself a new prophet . 
  that is n't christianity . 
  isis et al gets their ideology directly from scripture .
