  because it was highly illegal and certainly broke a litany of laws . 
  when you are secretary of state of the united states of america , you are the most important diplomat in the world . 
  that conveys a lot of responsibility . 
  violating federal laws on classified information , then covering it up and lying about it while you occupy such an important office is a really big deal . 
  but i guess that does n't matter because she is n't racist ? 
  he 's an odd guy for sure . 
  he 's denied climate change , and backtracked on that position as well . 
  i really have no idea what his positions are since he has been all over the map . 
  we elected a question mark for sure , what that question mark will be is anyone 's guess . 
  donald trump sucks , i am not denying that . 
  that 's why i did n't vote for him . 
   investigations that proved nothing . 
  trump also had multiple sexual assault allegations thrown towards him that came up with nothing . 
  yet few people would actually deny trump is an innocent angel . 
  it 's no surprise she was n't indicted considering how politically influential she was . 
  exactly . 
  i have a feeling he might play the role of president that a lot of other countries relegate to the role of president : more of a spokesman/symbol than the driver of policy change . 
  i suspect a lot wo n't change and the sun will rise tomorrow . 
  so much sensationalism thrown around it 's hard to make heads or tails of the situation just yet . 
  unfortunately , that 's how it was kinda viewed here : lose-lose . 
  i am not happy with the result , just not surprised at all . 
  anyone who was n't a delusional liberal in america would n't be surprised . 
  they thought their candidate was a messiah , when she was actually a corrupt pos . 
  i probably would have rather seen hillary win it , but i can only laugh now that she got crushed . 
  hahaha yeah that was kinda the intent . 
  with my username , i 'm not going for laughs . 
  i 'm going for * gasps * . 
   do you really think of all people trump will be less corrupt ? 
  not at all . 
  however , out of the two , he is the only one that has n't used a political office for personal financial gain , or illegally stored classified diplomatic information on his own servers while occupying the singular most important office that runs our countries foreign policy . 
  he very well could be a corrupt politician . 
  but he is n't one now . 
  this is what i think is crazy ... 98 % of your population would have chosen the corrupt politician over someone who has views you disagree with ... 
  i guess being a corrupt piece of shit is easily forgiven now ? 
  by the way , i am no trump supporter . 
  it 's just crazy to see how many people in america and the wider world were so easy on clinton , so hard on trump , while only one of those candidates was under multiple fbi investigations throughout the entirety of the campaign . 
  there are a lot more constraints on a president 's ability to dictate foreign policy than domestic policy . 
  a good analogy i have heard is america 's foreign policy is like chess ( not in the way you think ) , because the president does have some discretion to move a piece , but that piece can only move within a narrow band of rules . 
  like a piece can move diagonally one way , or the other , but it can not simply redefine the rules and move however it wants , its directions are constrained . 
  so i would n't be too worried . 
  you might see more pressure on nato countries to increase their spending , but that is n't really a bad thing an american politicians have been saying that for years . 
  i think trump will just be more vocal about it . 
  i would have been more concerned if we chose hillary lol . 
  we basically would have told the world that we do n't care how corrupt you are , how you abused your position as secretary of state for personal financial gains , and how you signed off on dubious weapons sales for personal donations into your own charity . 
  we do n't care about any of that as long as you say nice things about minorities . 
  is that how vapid the western world is ? 
  being a corrupt piece of shit is fine , all your sins will be absolved as long as you are n't racist ? 
  that 's the message we would have sent . 
  do whatever you want , just make sure to take a selfie in front of a mosque and its all good . 
  that 's the foreign minister saying that ? 
  that 's not really a low level politician , and not some fringe academic . 
  how does the foreign minister of a country ( who 's job detail entails conducting diplomacy on behalf of her country specifically to benefit her own people ) engage in a conversation discussing the elimination of native/ethnic swedes ? 
  we 're in a real pickle then . 
  just check up on four years from now to let us know you still care . 
  can you guys just select a president for us and send them over here ? 
  we kinda forgot how to pick good leaders and we need a little refresher course . 
  but why not have megathreads for canada and australia elections ? 
  are those kids too boring :(, 
  why is this post in this sub ? 
  it 's an election in a country an ocean away , not even close to europe . 
  so not a bigot at all ? 
  that seems to be the example i normally see . 
  it 's a completely baseless accusation 99 % of the time . 
  i should get into politics . 
  it 's got way better benefits than my stupid job : getting sweet bribes , banging escorts , obtaining all kinds of power . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  that 's cool that you could do that . 
  i live in the city of chicago and commute to a suburb for work . 
  it 's about a 45 minute to an hour long drive each way . 
  and i pay over $ 200/month just for insurance !, 
  i still have costs like gas , small maintenance , and annual registration . 
  yet i can not fathom not having a car . 
  i would feel crippled without it . 
  that 's crazy . 
  i did n't realize those still existed . 
  i just assumed there was a few small ruins left over . 
  europe is so fucking awesome . 
  the `` old town '' in the city i grew up in was built in 1970 lol . 
  perversion does n't always have a sexual connotation . 
  perversion really just means distorted/tainted . 
  that 's what is meant here . 
  i 'm almost 30 and have been driving for 14 years or so . 
  i 've never seen a car hit an open door , and have do n't know anyone who has . 
  it obviously happens , but it 's very rare . 
  that 's strange that vox did a video about driving slowly in left lanes . 
  the left lane is known as the fast lane . 
  literally everyone knows this and treats the left lane as the fast lane . 
  i drive on a highway everyday and have for years . 
  driving slowly in the left lane is basically a non existent problem . 
  vox pretty much made a video showing people how to tie their shoes . 
  99.9999999999 % of the population does n't need to be taught not to drive slowly in the left lane . 
  makes sense ... driving in chicago is a pain the ass and often having a car is more of a liability than an asset ( like when trying to find parking ) . 
  but oddly , most people that do n't own a car here still do n't own a bike . 
  they walk or take public transportation . 
  biking is kind of what children do , our dedicated bicyclists do . 
  not sure why it 's like that because riding a bike would be perfect in this city . 
  that 's interesting . 
  so basically everyone rides bikes ? 
  why ? 
  i live in chicago ( the city in the article that is referenced in this article ) .
