  looks like things are getting pretty heated over there . 
  sigh . 
  nothing i said was racist . 
  you 're just too dense to figure that out . 
  have a good one , i 'm not responding to anymore of your crazy comments . 
  haha wow . 
  you 've gone off the deep end my friend . 
  i think you need to grab yourself a beer and mellow out before replying to comments on reddit . 
  true . 
  i am guessing that is because of the prevalence of irish in the us , and their supporters thought of them more as freedom fighters . 
  i do n't really know why fundraising for the ira was tolerated in america ( i 've never seen how they raised funds , i have heard it was through pubs in boston and such , like `` throw a few coins in the jar for the boys back home '' type of thing ) . 
  maybe people did n't really know the extant it was happening ? 
  but for sure , if third generation syrians were fundraising isis it would be a total shit show . 
  i know they were never really intended for me . 
  those arguments are used by people so they can preen for validation from other people who think like them . 
  it 's kind of obnoxious , because they are more focused on looking morally superior in front of other people than they are debating substance . 
  that 's extremely exaggerated . 
  i 've in the us my entire life , both of my grandmothers are 100 % irish ( so i would presumably be one of those people ) and have never heard anyone say anything about hating the english . 
  so for me `` the amount of times you hear ... '' is precisely zero . 
  i know it 's just an anecdote but i think you 're over playing that notion . 
  he would be a dutch national and an ethnic turk . 
  but i would n't care at all how they choose to identify as . 
  because you 're all making the same idiotic mistake , and it seems like you guys are doing it deliberately just to make it seem like you 're one of those enlightened people who see beyond race/ethnicity . 
  honestly , the criticism i am getting for my comments seem less about making me look bad , and more about making you guys look morally superior for not even thinking in terms of race/ethnicity . 
  here is the crux of my argument : the people in this poll do not identify as dutch ( as in a dutch national , not ethnic dutch ) because they are ethnic turks/moroccans and identify more strongly with their ethnicity . 
  here is how you responded :  is an american really sitting here saying that you ca n't integrate into a nationality ? 
  do you know nothing of your own history ? 
  i never once said that , and i know my history well thank you very much . 
  you chose to draw that conclusion for god knows what reason . 
  you are n't disagreeing with me . 
  you 're totally getting my argument wrong and are talking about something else entirely . 
  that 's why i think you were being dense . 
  you thought it more important to a ) denigrate an american and b ) demonstrate to yourself and others that how open minded you are about assimilation that you completely , utterly failed to see what i was talking about . 
  yeah these definitions can get blurry , especially when as you say there are a lot of overlap . 
  and it certainly seems to be a sensitive issue . 
  i think a lot of people would rather believe we have moved passed identifying with our race/ethnicity/religion instead of nationality . 
  but at this point , it 's wishful thinking . 
  just because a lot of people do not identify with their ancestry , does n't mean everyone does , as is made evident by this poll . 
   the whole tone of your posts implies these people ca n't be dutch i am not implying anything . 
  i 'm suggesting reasons why the people mentioned in the poll might not identify as dutch . 
  and i think they do n't identify as dutch because they 're of turkish and moroccan descent . 
  this is n't complicated . 
  i understand perfectly that someone can identify as dutch without having the ability to trace generations back to the netherlands . 
  jesus christ you guys are dense . 
   do n't you fucking tell me what my country is or is n't . 
  dude . 
  calm the hell down . 
  i 'm not telling you anything about your country . 
  i 'm explaining why the turks and moroccans polled in this article might not identify as dutch . 
  this is the last turd of a comment i am responding to in this thread . 
  you guys are being willfully obtuse , just to try to demonstrate to other people how open minded you are about nationality . 
  and in your quest to demonstrate how enlightened you are , you and other dense dutch people in this thread , have completely missed the point . 
   um , yes they can ? 
  at least across generations . 
  there you go . 
  that 's completely different than me magically becoming black or asian over night . 
  of course people can change over numerous generations . 
  americans do n't see this any differently than anyone else . 
  what a silly comment . 
  thanks for your insightful comment . 
  that really contributed to the conversation here . 
  now if you 'll excuse me , i have to get back to shooting random people . 
  i said one often implies the other . 
  i do n't think a whole lot of people agree over this subject . 
  it 's tricky . 
  but even if they `` act dutch '' , does that mean they are no longer an ethnic turk or an ethnic moroccan ? 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to identify as both a dutch national but also an ethnic turk/moroccan/arab / anything else . 
  there is no such thing as an american ethnicity , that 's why anyone can be an american , or canadian , or australian etc. . . 
  even though modern dutch people might suggest that `` dutch '' is now a nationality , it does n't take away from the fact that `` dutch '' is also basically an ethnicity ( kind of , it 's a bit clumsy ) . 
  i can become a dutch/german/french national . 
  i can not become an ethnic dutch/german/french person . 
  you understand exactly what i am talking about . 
  you and other people throwing a tantrum over my comment are trying to create a controversy where they is n't any . 
  again , how is it racist ? 
  are you suggesting people can now transform from one ethnicity to another ? 
  nothing i said was racist , unless you define racism as having the audacity to even mention ethnicity . 
  is that still ongoing ? 
  seems bizarre to have to use the military just so jewish kids can go to their school . 
  i did n't realize the situation had gotten that far . 
  this should n't be surprise . 
  they are ethnic turks and moroccans . 
  one does n't simply become dutch just by moving there . 
  dutch is more than just a nationality , it is also implies ethnicity , no matter how much the dutch ( and other europeans in similar situations ) pretend otherwise . 
  if that is your biggest complaint in life , then you must have a wonderful life . 
  seriously , the worst case scenario is applying for a visa . 
  it 's not like he would be banned for life from going to the us . 
   the house majority leader has a pretty appropriate surname on this issue . 
  mccarthy ? 
  yeah i am not sure why they are mentioning the us specifically in the headlines here . 
  my guess is that since abc is a us media outlet , it seems like it is more for an american audience . 
  this does n't appear to be european media singling out the us to vent their outrage or point blame . 
  i think this is more of an `` oh shit , some guy in the us bought this gun in 2013 , then it somehow came in possession of a terrorist in europe '' . 
  agreed on your final point . 
  do n't know why the douchey smug , `` must assert moral superiority at all times '' trait became so common among western euros , but it 's definitely a turn off . 
  eastern europeans seem like the type of people i would enjoy having a beer with , western/northern europeans seem like the type of people i would have to endure/suffer through their presence . 
  to be fair though , i have only gotten that attitude from a few western/northern europeans , and should n't let a small amount of incidents color my entire view , but those incidents do stick out . 
  i do n't disagree with anything you are saying here . 
  ha ha what ? 
  where did you get those numbers from ? 
  the only part of that comment that is true is that i am american .
