  i remember one time she tried to describe the differences between spaniards and americans , this is what she came up with : `` you americans are so barbaric . 
  you see , you guys would be so quick to kill for your country in a war , but us spaniards would never kill for spain . 
  however , we would proudly * die * for our country ! '', 
  really ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's not even remotely true , and if it was , spain has a terrible strategy for war . 
  it was the epitome of a facepalm comment , where someone was willing to say anything to establish the moral high ground between america and a european country . 
  anyways , most people that have that eurotrash attitude are just being silly . 
  they can say stupid stuff , but it is basically equivalent to anyone from x country willing to say anything about y country to come across as superior . 
  these people exist in every country . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  please step down from your soap box . 
  are you trying to become the next pope or something ? 
  what ? 
  i guess i just assumed he was refering to gypsies since the people in the article that were sent to this place were gypsies . 
   dmitry peskov , mr putin 's official spokesman , is said to have highlighted that embarrassment , telling russian journalists that britain was now diplomatically irrelevant . 
   britain is `` just a small island ... no one pays any attention to them '' , mr peskov is reported to have said . 
  the blunt remarks appeared to realise british fears that the russians would use the st petersburg summit to upstage mr cameron over his criticism of syria ... 
  damn britain , are you just gon na sit there and take that shit ? 
  edit : damn . 
  tough crowd out there tonight . 
  oh well , there 's always tomorrow . 
  i 'm getting mixed messages here because it seems like he is openly advocating for sending gypsies with a troubled history to village for scum . 
  how am i reading this wrong here . 
  it seems damn clear to me . 
  or maybe he refers to putting all the gypsy trash together one day , and then goes on the next to laud the veritable gypsy culture . 
  it 's such a pitty . 
  what will they do ? 
  buy a slightly smaller tv ? 
  oh the humanity . 
   the new punishment housing camps have been dubbed `` scum villages '' because their establishment follows a 2011 proposal from geert wilders , the leader of a populist dutch right-wing party , for special units to deal with persistent troublemakers . 
   `` repeat offenders should be forcibly removed from their neighbourhood and sent to a village for scum , '' he argued at the time . 
  `` put all the trash together . '', 
  for a politician , this guy is pretty damn frank . 
  i 'm used to politicians using fluffy words , and taking a more diplomatic approach with the way they phrase their thoughts . 
  none of that bullshit here . 
  you got ta give him credit for that at least . 
  you do n't have to guess where he stands with gypsies . 
  both of my grandmothers are 1st generation irish-americans ... does that mean i qualify ? 
  if that is the case , there are roughly 30 million americans with irish ancestry , far eclisping the population of actual irish people . 
  fortunately , most are not clamoring to go back to the motherland , otherwise they would surely be fucked . 
  imagine that though . 
  tens of millions of plastic patties flooding ireland . 
  we 're like the cheap chinese knock offs of the original . 
  oh boy , that would be a sight to see . 
  read the book heart of darkness by the gadabout pole konrad korzeniowski if you want to get a glimpse of it . 
  or watch the movie apocalypse now and replace america and vietnam with belgium and zaire ( i.e congo ) . 
  i mean , other than terrible atrocities any wikipedia article would tell you , i am not sure how to get any other personal insights into what happened . 
  thanks !, 
  i still think it would be cool if there were some threads on this in / r/europe . 
  this is kind of unfortunate though :  no pau gasol for spain . 
  no dirk nowitzki for germany . 
  no luol deng for great britain . 
  no joakim noah for france . 
  and so on . 
  the list of those missing in action is long and distinguished . 
  understandable , but lamentable nonetheless . 
  that would be awesome if they broadcast this in the us . 
  there are a ton of great european players , and they play the game differently then they do here , so it 's always interesting to catch a european game whenever possible . 
  that being said , i would probably find myself rooting for greece or lithuania . 
  i was shocked when greece beat the us in the 2006 fiba semi-finals , so it would be cool to see their team do well again in an international tournament . 
  i also just watched a documentary about lithuania and basketball in that country , and it was great to see how big the sport is in that country . 
  it would also be cool if this subreddit had a thread for these games . 
  if i ca n't follow on tv , it would be great if i could follow it somewhere . 
  although i am not sure if there are that many people here who give a shit about basketball . 
  i did n't see this post on / r/europe anymore . 
  it looks like others agreed this was a lame post . 
  that 's good , my initial worries were unfounded afterall . 
  i guess you 're right ... maybe i jumped the gun a little . 
  i just saw this post , and thought `` really ? 
  is there about to be a battle started over some post on / r/murica from yesterday ? '' . 
  it seemed petty . 
  i tried to head it off . 
  it backfired . 
   not that i think we should do anything , but it seems a bit weird to say `` this person thinks you are ` some of the worst people ' , instead of replying just sit and think about why that is '' . 
  fair enough , i could see how that `` worst people '' line would be offensive . 
  i was just suggesting instead of reflexively attacking , try and understand that overall message that poster was trying to send . 
   also , no one in europe thinks people want to bow down and worship us , and if you think europeans think like that i do n't know why you would frequent a subreddit dedicated to europe , seems like it would just annoy you . 
  i frequent this subreddit because there is a lot of content that i am not typicallly exposed to , and there are a lot of voices and opinions i am not typically exposed to . 
  the only time i would be annoyed is if there are articles that specifically involve some us/european interaction , and then see the follow-up shit show . 
  even then i find it instructive to hear what other people are saying . 
  most of the time though , the articles are more european focused so those types of conversation are not too frequent relative to the usual conservations that typically focus strictly on europe . 
  perhaps i kind of expressed myself poorly initially . 
  i do n't mind seeing other people express negative opinions about my country . 
  i think it 's healthy . 
  however , i think it is also important for other people to be exposed negative opinions about themselves as well . 
  some dude makes a meme and that russles enough jimmies to warrant a cross post here for discussions on how to fight back ? 
  of course you are free to do that , it just makes it look europeans are aghast at criticism , and view themselves above it . 
  maybe that 's not the case , but it looks like it to me . 
   and anyone who genuinely believes in it is an idiot , and therefore still not worth bothering about . 
  there were some factual errors in that post , such as with the falklands , and you do point out that the us 's actions were not altruistic ( nothing nations do really is ) . 
  but are you also suggesting that anyone who agrees with the general point that individual was trying to make is an idiot ? 
  i do n't . 
  so somebody expressed their opinion , and you feel like cross posting this so you can rally the troups and harass this person for expressing their opinion ? 
  instead of fighting back , why do n't you a ) ignore it , or b ) think about why this person posted this , and think about how europe is percieved from the outside . 
  i think that is the major thrust of this post . 
  europeans are so quick to criticise others , but rarely question how they are percieved from the outside . 
  it may shock you to know that people outside of europe do not all perceive you as the guiding light in the world . 
  you may not realize that not everyone wants to bow down and worship you guys as the most `` civilized people '' in the world . 
  this is just this guys opinion , and there were a number of valid thoughts in there .
