  also important to remember , russia and the us are not the only two countries in the world . 
  there are other countries out there doing messed up things , and other countries that have a sordid past , including other european countries !, 
  whoa ... what the hell are you talking about ? 
  tell me more . 
  i would like to get fantastic ab muscles , yet sit on a couch all day eating doritos . 
  is this possible ? 
  some people do n't understand what happens when you take several million young men as young as 17 , train them to kill , and send them to other countries . 
  i 'm sometimes surprised that people are surprised about war time rapes . 
  what do people expect will happen ? 
  these young men trained to kill will be well behaved ? 
  he 's basically a russian noam chomsky at this point . 
  completely irrelevant , and constantly bashing his own county . 
  take whatever he says with a huge grain of salt . 
  ah interesting . 
  did n't know that . 
  sounds like he is too valuable , and has better use serving russia as their top diplomat as opposed to running the country himself . 
  that looks like a girl on her period dragged her ass over a white towel . 
  no thanks . 
  the current one is way better, 
  more of the same . 
  they probably wo n't go for another bold leader , but a safe one that continues the status quo . 
  i would envision a period where consolidation of power is prioritized over an expansion of power ... at least for the first few years . 
  what makes you assume medvedev would take over ? 
  what about lavrov ? 
  he seems much more competent, 
   any kind of fear about mass immigration is completely unfounded this is completely opposed to reality . 
  i 'm astonished anyone would actually say this, 
   as a disclaimer i consider myself fairly liberal and i 'm looking quite funnily at estonian branch of the soldiers of odin who are putting out a fire before anything has burned . 
  maybe that 's actually a smart move ? 
  it might actually be very prudent . 
  then again , i 've never been to estonia , let alone born and raised there . 
  so maybe i am totally reading the situation incorrectly . 
  point is , putting out fires before they exist might not be such a bad thing, 
   stop adding words to your title to get clicks here is the title from the article : `` anger over ` martyrs ' exhibition for brussels and paris bombers '' here is op 's title for this submission : `` anger over ` martyrs ' exhibition for brussels and paris bombers '' . 
  as for your claim that they are n't being glorified , let 's take a look at the article , shall we ? 
   the story would be told `` more from his point of view , '' she said . 
   `` our exhibit is really about describing the term ` martyr ' from as many different angles as possible and through history , '' nielsen said . 
   everyone is `` the hero of ( their ) own story , '' she added . 
  sounds to me like they are glorifying them by associating their cause as a just one . 
  and if the exhibit is not directly glorifying them , they are certainly leaving it open to interpretation as glorifying them . 
  so who 's the retard again ? 
  the consequence of having a shit ton more money , being less involved , and watching from the sidelines as europe lurches from one crisis to the next while not solving any of them ? 
  how the hell do you know they are the same guys ? 
  seems to me like you 're just pushing your own idiotic agenda . 
  that 's nice . 
  but european countries failed to live up to their 2 % commitment long before sanctions were implemented . 
  sanctions are very recent , so that 's a piss poor argument . 
  they would n't be spending more if the sanctions were never a thing . 
  in fact , if russia was n't messing around in ukraine , spending would probably be even lower than it is now, 
  huh . 
  i went to the uk and thought it was awesome . 
  what makes your country so superior to the uk ? 
  sweet bike lanes and a red light district ? 
  that would simply exacerbate the situation, 
  yup . 
  agreed . 
  there would probably be an increase in migration between europe and america in both directions . 
  but there would n't be mass migration . 
  there is n't enough of an economic imbalance between the two regions . 
  they basically have the same living standards . 
  the conditions are n't there to generate mass movements of people, 
  he 's suggesting the opposite ( look at his username ) . 
  that americans would emigrate in huge numbers to europe . 
  he 's suggesting the opposite ( look at his username ) . 
  that americans would emigrate in huge numbers to europe . 
  i think it 's worse than that . 
  europeans have convinced themselves that soft power is of any importance whatsoever . 
  sorry , but harry potter books and progressive human rights do n't deter dictators at all . 
  this is like the streisand effect . 
  i never felt the need to blow dry my garbage bag with a communal hairdryer ... now i feel it is my duty/obligation to do so . 
   for this statement of philosophy from an age of enlightment i supose to receive -12 to -18 in downvotes '' i downvote anyone who compares their reddit comments to `` philosophy from an age of enlightenment '' . 
  holy shit that 's just embarrassing . 
  you 're comment is perfectly suited for / r/justneckbeardthings, 
  honestly , it just gets old . 
  so many of your comments on this sub are like that , and europeans are n't always shitting all over us . 
  i understand it can get frustrating at times , but you 're taking things to an extreme . 
  you seemingly perceive insults where there are n't any . 
  i dunno man , i guess what i 'm saying is you should tone down the victimization stuff a little . 
  most europeans here do n't think we 're mouth breathing idiots incapable of tying our own shoes . 
  dude , you 're in butthurt mode 24/7 . 
  lighten up a little . 
  those things look bad ass . 
  can you imagine flying one of those ? 
  you would probably get laid within twenty minutes of landing it too . 
  damn , i shoulda been a fighter pilot, 
  / u/kaufe spelled it wrong . 
  it 's dogfishhead , not digfishhead . 
  but that does n't really change a whole lot . 
  in fact , dogfishhead sounds even more like a drink from chernobyl than digfishhead . 
  regardless , they make some tasty beers . 
  that 's actually one of my favorite beers as well . 
  it 's nice being able to take a five minute walk to my local liquor store and pick up a six pack of those bad boys after work . 
  yup . 
  and almost everyone i talk to says the same thing . 
  he might not have been great , but he was good . 
  and a lot of people do n't realize how great it is to simply be good . 
   the number of illegal immigrants in the us was at around 11 million last time i checked keep in mind , that is after reagan granted amnesty to around 10 million illegal immigrants in the 80 's . 
  so in the last 30 years , there have been two successive waves of illegal immigrant numbering over ten million . 
  yeah not sure not sure why people think that link comparing disparities between us states and eu countries is at all correct . 
  the metrics used are not similar at all .
