  debt/gdp ratios may not be the most important indicator , but it is instructive as it shows the trajectory the economy is going . 
  that money must be paid back eventually , so piling on more debt is never good . 
  and if it was so irrelevant , why did the ez try to put a debt/gdp ratio limit at 60 % ? 
  if it does n't matter , why would an upper limit have even been suggested ? 
   there 's putting your view across and there 's being a right snarky bastard . 
  yeah his tone was very condescending , but he writes opinion pieces and he gets paid to get attention . 
  not saying it is right or wrong , but it certainly attracted attention which was the intent . 
  that gives me a funny mental image . 
  two people talking and just trying different languages on each other until they find one that works . 
  start with english , and then just go down the list until you stumble on a language that works for both of you . 
  i have a feeling this article wo n't get much traction on this sub , and even less so when people realize who the author is . 
  i personally love reading ambrose evans-pritchard 's articles . 
  many call him a doom sayer , but he backs up his arguments with facts , and excellent analysis . 
  he 's totally right . 
  right now there is a calm in the eurozone , but none of the issues have been resolved . 
  they are simply sleeping , and will re-awaken soon , most likely after the upcoming elections in germany . 
  a lot of difficult issues must be addressed , and soon . 
  debt/gdp ratios are steadily increasing . 
  countries like greece and spain look like their only salvation is wage depreciation , but that is hardly an optimal cure for their ailments , and can only go so far . 
  the netherlands just announced that they will not be able to meet their deficit target of 3 % of gdp . 
  unemployment is still atrocious , and is increasing in a number of countries . 
  rising energy costs in europe threaten an already beleaguered manufacturing sector . 
  i get the feeling that too many people saw one quarter of marginal growth , thus `` ending the recession '' . 
  but one quarter of extremely tepid growth does not make a recovery . 
  my own country has been technically out of recession since 2009 , but the economy is still lousy . 
  when a western country experiences gdp growth of 2 % , that is looked at enviously by other nations . 
  this is still piss poor growth . 
  unemployment of around 7.5 % is considered good now , but at any other time would be terrible . 
  the eurozone is too easily lulled into a false sense of security . 
  much more needs to be done . 
  so infamous in fact , that almost no one has ever heard of it . 
  holy shit those are insulting . 
  it 's hard to believe such casual discrimination was so accepted that print media would have no problem distributing pictures like that . 
  actually , i guess i should n't really be surprised . 
  i 'm guessing you 're right . 
  i can not really have too much of an engaging conversation about this issue since i am a native english speaker , and i do not speak other languages . 
  so i have to take your word for it . 
  i really do not know the depth of english penetration in your language , and i assume the depth of english penetration varies from language to language . 
  if you are speaking to someone outside of your country , what language do you use though ? 
  and if you use a non-english language , do you find yourself using more english words as a kind of bridge between the two languages ? 
  the problem with esperanto is that it is hardly useful outside of europe . 
  why would europe push for an artificial language to be used throughout europe , when it is useless outside of it ? 
  if you want to do business with much of the rest of the world , you will need to resort back to english anyway , so it seems to be a waste . 
  the citizens of america , canada , australia , india etc. . . are n't going to start learning a new language just to conduct business in europe when there already exists a suitable , and widely used alternative . 
  learning and using esperanto may make things easier in europe , but that does not seem to be very productive when you could just use one language that is useful within , and outside of europe . 
  i agree . 
  for many people though , that will not be a pleasant experience . 
  language is an expression of cultural identity . 
  nobody wants to see their cultural identity slowly die . 
  yeah i could understand why this whole issue is very tricky . 
  as the author states :  recognising the importance of all languages big and small may seem romantic . 
  but when it comes to arguments about language , as with trade , emotion often trumps reason . 
  hard facts may be a good reason to , say , shut an old steel mill that can not withstand competition . 
  but a language is not a steel mill . 
  there is far more at stake : not just people 's livelihoods , but their identities and cultural diversity itself . 
  it seems hard to avoid though . 
  even if everyone learns english as a second or a third language , there is still a chance for language creep that would crowd out native words . 
  much of the technical words in use are english , so too is a lot of modern slang . 
  if non-native english speakers must resort to using english words even in their native language to get their point across , it seems like it would eventually make that native language less and less useful . 
  this is definitely a touchy subject . 
  it 's something that a lot of countries are going to find challenging to avoid the gradual death of their language . 
  yeah that 's how it is for me . 
  i just say i 'm american , or i 'm just a white guy depending who i am talking to . 
   he 's so caught up in it it 's become normal to him . 
  i 'll go with this option . 
  it makes me wonder at what point most white people in the us will stop identifying with any ethnicity or country of their heritage . 
  i 'm a mutt , and if i have kids with a mutt , there really wo n't be any dominant ethnicity in my kids . 
  they will just a sum of 1/8 x country and 1/16 y country . 
  it really does n't even make sense at that point to identify with one ethnicity over any other . 
  you 're just a mongrel at that point . 
  horses , maybe . 
  cows , definitely  . 
  my brother used to own a donkey to protect his cows , but it died ( he lives in texas ) . 
  cows are a rather poor substitute to vehicles . 
  you can hop on a cow , but it does n't really go anywhere . 
  people usually identify their heritage with whatever ethnicity their last name is , or whatever dominant ethnicity their heritage is . 
  german is the most common ethnicity for white people . 
  they may only be 1/4 german , but that may be more than the other ethnic makeup that is only 1/8 or 1/16 of whatever else . 
  wow that 's like the complete opposite of texas . 
  some people could n't even leave their property without a car in texas . 
  yup . 
  i also doubt that the people in the census would be allowed to report multiple heritage . 
  almost no white people are 100 % anything . 
  how would i report my heritage ? 
  i am 50 % irish , 25 % hungarian , and 25 % `` who the hell knows '' . 
  i am mostly irish , but my last name is hungarian . 
  by looking at my last name , one might guess that i am mostly hungarian , but that is not the case . 
  i suppose that is why so many in the south just say `` american '' as their ethnicity , since after so many generations it no longer makes sense to say someone is of x ancestry . 
  this is one of the reasons that census information of ancestry groups is `` hopelessly suspect '' as you say . 
  oh shit , that makes sense . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 've never been there so i could n't imagine why cars would n't be good for the city . 
  i guess that is an understandable stance . 
  why is it that much of a problem that you would want private cars banned from the city ? 
  that 's not very nice man . 
  what would your mother say if she knew you posted this ? 
  you probably just do n't notice it . 
  you mentioned in a previous comment that amercians can drift into saying stupid shit about x country when it is completely irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  i really do n't notice these so much , but i see people from other countries slip a stupid jab at americans when the thread could be something about dolphins or some shit . 
  i notice these .
