  you have a god damn nobel prize . 
  what 's with the shitty excel graphs ? 
  and are aware you can have more than two colors , or even include different line styles to make your graphs easier to interpret ? 
  wow !, 
  that was really informative . 
  i feel like i just took a class on post-war german history . 
  thanks for the free education . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you mean by this statement :  greece does n't possess the industrial potential germany had in 1953 . 
  i am not sure what transpired in germany in terms of reconstruction between the end of the war and 1953 . 
  was n't much of their industrial capacity still in ruin ? 
  or had it been sufficiently built up between this time ? 
  or do you mean the knowledge and the skill set was still there in 1953 to build upon that greece lacks now ? 
  i partially agree with the over all idea expressed in the article , it 's omission of very important facts kind of gives the article 's thesis weak legs . 
   the parallels with current negotiations between greece and its creditors are obvious . 
  greece did n't just have its entire country reduced to rubble , millions of its inhabitants killed , and its coffers depleted from financing a war on multiple continents . 
  greece 's debts were piled up from more pedestrian , thus less easily sympathized with , sources . 
  corruption , waste , mismanagement , poor investment , over spending is not quite the same as having to rebuild your country from scratch because of a war . 
  ( even if it was a war they started ) . 
  i think he 's hilarious . 
  i know i 'm a minority when i say this , but i love a good troll . 
  they 're learning quickly . 
  it 's only a matter of time until they find an efficient method of manufacturing humor . 
  side note : if you are confused by comment , i 'm american . 
  the germans did do all the set up work . 
  i just capitalized on their efforts ... how appropriate . 
  every time i see you show up in a thread , i get a little excited . 
  you are by far the best novelty account i have come across on reddit . 
  the unfortunate thing about social spending and wages being the problem , is that it is almost a political impossibility to lower either of those . 
  no one would be able to sell those remedies to an already battered populace , even if it was necessary . 
  good news !, 
  you 're destitute !, 
  and you 'll get even poorer next year ( lol ) . 
  but * after * this year , which will see rising unemployment and a contracting economy , you will be so poor that you 'll have reached the bottom , and from there you can only go up !!!, 
  only of course if you obediently stick the plan . 
  cheers !, 
  this coming . 
  that would piss me off . 
  those ads texas was running trying to lure californians out to texas with the beckoning call of zero state taxes would sound pretty enticing to me right now if i were you . 
  it 's a shame california is such a beautiful state . 
  if it did n't have so much to offer i would imagine the moving van companies would be doing quite well right now . 
  i also thought i remember reading that the majority of the latest tax increases were going to education , but what that really meant was the money was going straight towards under funded pension plans . 
  it 's mind boggling that a state with so much money , and with such high taxes , would have billions in under funded liabilities , and have to be closing state parks all over the place . 
  what the hell else are they spending the money on ? 
  just out of curiousity , is that 33 % what is taken out of your paycheck ( i.e. 
  before you get your returns ) or is that your effective tax rate after you have filed your taxes ( including deductions and returns ) . 
  i too live in the us , but my effective federal taxes were 12.5 % . 
  i make $ 70k/year , so i do n't know if you 're in a different bracket than me . 
  side note : good god california has high taxes , i knew they were high but not * that * high . 
  i just moved to michigan and the state taxes here are about 3 % . 
  that is exactly the kind of thing he would say . 
  either you are telling the truth , or you are a master at manipulating minds . 
  i 'm scared . 
  hmmm ... 
  i 'm still not sure if i believe you . 
  you 're writing style and the stances you take are very similar to his , plus his flair , instead of saying the name of the country , said `` oink '' . 
  there are a lot of suspicious coincidences here . 
  anyway , he was just another redditor who frequented this subreddit . 
  i have n't seen him comment here in a few days , and then you show up . 
  i presume you are the redditor formerly known as ua2d ? 
  ( or was it uatd ... something like that ) . 
  there is always scandinavia . 
  ca n't you fuck up their land ? 
  nobody really lives there . 
  they are n't doing anything useful with their land anyways . 
  all i 'm trying to say is natural gas is a beneficial source of energy to add to your nations portfolio of energy sources , and you should n't discount it until all of the positives and negatives have weighed without bias . 
  if you want to dismiss it outright , go ahead . 
  why would i propose you do anything with respect to how high your dikes are ? 
  also , there is a lot of misinformation in terms of whether or not fracking , if done properly , actually does contaminate the water supply . 
  my suggestion is that you should understand it before you dismiss it . 
  natural gas is used for more than just powering buildings . 
  you ca n't exactly power trucks or ships with wind turbines . 
  in addition , exporting energy generated from renewables is n't as feasible as exporting natural gas which can be done via pipelines and gas containers on ships or trucks . 
  distributing energy from wind turbines and solar energy can be done , but over large distance requires a non insignificant investment in infrastructure . 
  but if you just want to say `` omg fracking lol '' , that 's cool too . 
  that seems so counter intuitive . 
  for a country so reliant on manufacturing and exports , you would think they would try everything thing they could to reduce their energy costs . 
  i think energy costs for the us are 20 % of germany 's costs , and that difference is set to diverge further . 
  especially since the euro is already too strong of a currency as it is , reducing costs should be priority # 1 . 
  thank you so much for providing such insight . 
  i think that 's really cool that you wrote the article , posted it , and checked out the thread to see how the discussion was going . 
  is it obvious to tell who did n't read the article at first , and just went straight to the comment section to make jack ass comments ( like me ) ? 
  did you write the article we are currently discussing ? 
  either way you seem to know a lot more about the nuances involved in this proposed free trade deal , and i apologize if this comes across as a child debating an adult . 
  i also am quite ignorant about exactly what acta entails , so i can not bring much to the conversation here either . 
  either way , do n't you see a scenario where one side will have to make concessions , and the side that makes said concessions spinning some b.s. 
  back to their constituents about having to do something outrageous because the other side could n't negotiate ? 
  i would also think that units would be an issue if there were to be common standards . 
  i am not sure because the us and the eu have been trading for decades now , and they must have already resolved the issue of not using the same issues . 
  sorry , but i am honestly a little out of my depth if you have written articles about this issue . 
  i have a very topical understanding of this , and i definitely do not know the scope of the details and concerns that would need to be addressed . 
  i see what you 're saying now . 
  i am sure most people would agree and rather see the standards raised to the upper limit rather than the lower limit . 
  or at least i * hope * most people would agree . 
  i understand your position , but i believe the reason for harmonizing standards was so equipment made in europe , would n't have to go through a rigorous set of tests to meet the standards america has set , and vice versa . 
  so if a car was certified in america , it could be sold in europe without the added time and cost to get it certified in europe . 
  to do that , you need identical , or equivalent , standards . 
  although i am sure common ground can be reached so that the issue with standards is n't killed because of minor details . 
  fine by me , but i demand my seed be swallowed . 
  no * spitters * !, 
  of course it 's immature .
