  it 's the deliberate disinformation they spread about their own nation , and the shameless groveling at the feet of the enlightened european that i find vomit inducing . 
  i definitely would . 
  first , there is no american equivalent of / r/europe . 
  anything close like / r/news or / r/politics is full of sensationalist bullshit that is hardly worth anyone 's time . 
  in addition , neither of those subs offer the full breadth of topics , self posts , and discussions i see here on this sub . 
  because of this ( and a litany of other reasons ) , i feel europeans are seriously misinformed about what actually occurs in the us , what our internal politics are like ( reddit is disastrous for this , since it is so heavily biased by young , 20 's something year old demographics ) , and what government programs are like and why they are that way . 
  furthermore , trying to correct these misconceptions on this sub are typically met with great suspicion , as if us americans are just acting like shills or some bullshit . 
  for instance , if we are discussing a system in the us , i have noticed that only negative anecdotes about that system are tolerated , and positive ones are down voted and dismissed as propaganda . 
  i can have good quality discussions here , but it is virtually impossible to have good discussions that relate to european-american issues . 
  since this sub is european-centric , it reflexively take a pro-europe stance on all issues relating to europe and x other party . 
  this is simply a natural by-product of being a sub dedicated to europe . 
  it is for those reasons that i would like to see a sub dedicated to issues that transcend the atlantic , since it would n't be inherently rooted in either a pro-american stance or a pro-european stance . 
  now we just need people to be interested , and fresh supply of material to discuss . 
  we also need to overcome a natural instinct most humans have ... the unwillingness to shed bias :d, 
  you bring up some interesting points in your second paragraph , but you seemed to brush aside concerns about rosatom as well . 
  you seemed to imply that the relationship between the uk and rosatom revolved simply around the shipment of uranium . 
  i was under the impression that rosatom would be building the nuclear reactors themselves , and would also have direct supervision of the nuclear power plants . 
  perhaps i am mistaken on some of those points , but i was under the impression that russia would be involved in far more than just supplying raw materials . 
  if that is the case , that is a concern not to be taken lightly . 
  i am surprised this is n't getting more attention in your media . 
  well i 'll toss this question back to you jb_uk . 
  is the uk still planning on working with rosatom to develop new nuclear power plants ? 
  i know the uk , hungary , and finland have been increasing ( or planning on increasing ) their reliance on rosatom to meet energy needs . 
  i would think a nuclear power plant is of a higher order of national security than pipelines bringing gas into a country . 
  how has this situation been unfolding in the uk on that front ? 
  very true . 
  no one knows how they will respond until they are actually in that situation . 
  however , for some people , possessing a firearm gives them the impression of safety , which may offer them some comfort . 
  if it makes someone sleep better at night , then its a good thing at least in that respect . 
  the impression of safety can be a worthy substitute for actual safety . 
  well its hard to say what the exact sentiment is over there since i do n't live there . 
  however , when the topic of gypsies come up , it is always in the context of thieving , scamming , squatting and all that . 
  that probably skews our perspective since we never hear gypsies mentioned in any other context . 
  this could be the same reason you get the impression we are not fond of latinos , i.e. 
  the context in which they are usually discussed . 
  definitely not the majority . 
  most gun owners take their firearms , and the necessary safety precautions that accompany them , with utmost seriousness . 
  i know plenty of gun owners . 
  all of them are highly aware of their dangers . 
  accidents can happen as always . 
  but the percentage of gun owners who do n't know how to use the guns they own , or are unaware of the precautions that should be implemented with owning a gun , is probably in the 1-5 % range . 
  most gun owners treat their firearms with utmost respect , and consider gun safety to be as important and paramount as the ten commandments . 
   i do n't know if it 's true , but i 've been told americans are less safe owning a gun due to the risk of it accidently going off compared to needing it as a form of protection against someone . 
  this is true to an extant . 
  but it 's the same logic as saying having a pool in your backyard increases the chances of drowning . 
  that 's an inherent fact simply by introducing a potential danger where there was none before . 
  but if you were to ask if you are less safe during a home invasion with or without a gun in the house , that 's a different story altogether . 
  i would suspect that having a gun in your house during a robbery makes you significantly safer , and is a powerful deterrent . 
  i 'm going for the latter . 
  the drivel i have seen him spill here does not suggest to me that his motives or techniques are sophisticated enough to deceive these eurobros . 
  basically , every sentence i have seen him write seems like it was ripped straight out of the `` progressive '' 18 year old rebel play book . 
  anyways , i got ta run . 
  there 's terrorists outside of my house trying to break in . 
  they 've already slaughtered my neighbors . 
  typical thursday in america i guess . 
  such is life . 
   in my experience , this is the average american mind frame . 
  ...  i 've never left the usa i think you 've never left your mom 's basement . 
   that 's something i do n't get . 
  in the us it 's so common that a robbed gang can enter any home and murder/rape the inhabitants that it does n't make national news anymore when it happens . 
  what in god 's name are you talking about ?!?!? 
   this is completely unimaginable to me . 
  me too !, 
  do you think we all live in fear of being robbed by criminal gangs here ? 
  where do you get your information ? 
  grand theft auto ? 
  why do people think we hate latinos ? 
  i grew up in arizona ( a border state ) where there were significant latino populations . 
  besides the ones connected with drug trafficking ( which is a tiny percentage ) , there are no real issues . 
  there presence if definitely considered a positive . 
  they generally work hard , stay out of trouble , and have awesome food and good beer . 
  plus , they 're a lot of fun to party with . 
  why do people think we hate them ? 
  that is patently untrue . 
  indeed , this is a natural product of having such wealth disparity between two regions . 
  you border my country , so people flow north , and guns flow south . 
  at least it 's been a few generations since our countries have been at war . 
  i would also like to think that american/mexican relations are much better than russian/former-ussr nations . 
  i was also born and raised in arizona , and have been to mexico many times . 
  the border definitely brings some issues , but over all it is positive in my opinion . 
  we also do n't threaten to destroy your country on a regular basis , and your country does n't threaten mine . 
  i think that a number of countries around russia would gladly change positions to have the situation we ( america and mexico ) have now . 
  yeah these eurobros can get a little silly at times , but it 's all good . 
  all i 'm saying is i 'd like to see a little more cutthroatcurt , and a little less holidaycurt . 
  release the beast . 
  show no mercy . 
  he probably just walked in unopposed . 
  that does n't surprise me since canadians have a reputation for brutally disfiguring any man , woman , or child that crosses their path . 
  canadians bath in blood . 
  there is a reason we are too scared to let them be part of america . 
  whatever happened to the curtholiday of yesteryear ? 
  the one that unabashedly mocked europeans on this sub on a regular basis . 
  that curt was very entertaining . 
  you forgot to mention the part where the valiant canadians would ride in to save them . 
  we all know the average canadian is imparted with an insatiable blood lust . 
  look , i 'm just messing around here . 
  i 'm not seriously suggesting that the baltic countries just abandon their land and flee to greener pastures . 
  calm your titties :d, 
  yeah sorry about that baltic bros. . maybe you guys should just dismantle your entire country , and set it back up in north america or australia or something . 
  russia is n't going away , and you guys are n't magically going to become some super power .
