  do you have family from there or are you simply interested in this . 
  just curious by the way . 
  the only reason i think it was n't funny is because , well what did you expect ? 
  america is n't known for being a nation of polyglots . 
  that would be like going to the congo and laughing because the people you saw were stereotypically black . 
  yeah i grew up in arizona right next to an indian reservation but live in central illinois now , and i work for an indian company . 
  i 've replaced all the feathers in my life dots . 
  let 's just say the dots are a little more productive to say the least . 
  palefaces ... now that 's a word i have n't heard in a long time . 
  the indians at my school just called us `` white shit '' . 
  not very creative but it got the point across . 
  yeah that does n't sound funny at all . 
   latinos are the best customers tbh eh ... not really . 
  i used to serve in a few restaurants growing up in arizona . 
  there were obviously tons of mexicans . 
  some of the worst customers we had were mexican ( this was in tucson , so these customers were typically actually from mexico making a day trip up to mexico , not americans of mexican descent so there is a difference there ) . 
  they were n't rude or anything . 
  but they come in huge families , all the adults would get drunk , and their children ( this was the worst part ) would basically run around the entire restaurant doing whatever the fuck they wanted . 
  those parents never disciplined their kids , or maintained any semblance of control . 
  they also tipped like shit . 
  and the thing is , they knew about our tipping culture because us americans would always tip well going into mexico . 
  i dunno , just saying that they could suck big dick as customers . 
  we dreaded seeing big mexican families come in . 
  damn . 
  how the hell do you even have time to learn that many languages ? 
   many kids , and most parents were morbidly obese . 
  it was atrocious . 
  it 's a post industrial area with high unemployment , and a lot of drugs . 
  sounds like an indian reservation , but without the post industrial part . 
  `` yank '' is absolutely never used in the same sentence as `` southern '' , let alone as adjective for southern . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  i think i got it . 
  krajina = serbs in croatia . 
  and krajina no longer exists ... 
  the whole balkan peninsula is a giant confusing clusterfuck , but i think i might kinda figure it out one of these days , if that is even possible . 
  damn !, 
  that whole part of europe is almost impossible to understand . 
  that just made me even more confused . 
  i thought he just spelled it wrong or something . 
   you 'd run out of ammunition half way through slavonia . 
  i 've always wondered about this . 
  whenever i hear about conflict in ex-yugoslavia countries , it is always involves croatia , serbia , bosnia and maybe even albanians ... but i never hear about slovenia . 
  where they ever involved in the fighting ? 
  if not , why ? 
  and when i see this stuff brought up on the internet , it 's always serbs and croats yelling at each other , but slovenians do n't seem to factor in there . 
  what sets apart slovenians from other ex-yugoslav countries ? 
  so i am trying to figure out what is going on in the map on this link of the siege of bihac ... what is the difference between the republic of serbian krajina and republika srpska ? 
  are they just two different serbian enclaves ? ... are any of these actually serbia ? 
  damn , the balkans are really confusing . 
  then how are you pretty sure they wrote more than that if you have n't seen it all , and therefore `` ca n't say for sure ' ? 
  those broads ate wearing some crazy ass hats ... what 's up with those ? 
  those broads ate wearing some crazy ass hats ... what 's up with those ? 
  if i could give you some advice , you should probably figure out how to get some . 
  having money kicks ass , especially when you have a bunch of it . 
  you can do all sorts of cool shit with it . 
  i hate that fucker too . 
  i spent the first 25 years of my life in arizona , and have lived in 6 different states . 
  arizona is nearly immeasurabley better of a state to live in then anywhere else i 've been . 
  keep in mind it 's a transplant state , so it 's got tons of people from all over the country that live there ( including thousands of canadians ) . 
  most of the perceived backward bits are just a reaction from being a border state , and an artifact of it 's frontier days . 
  those sodomy laws were never enforced . 
  anyway , this kinda got off topic . 
  point is , do n't dismiss arizona so quickly . 
  it 's one of the most unique , beautiful states in the country . 
  arizona ? 
  the fuck you talking about ? 
  arizona is most certainly one of the best states to live in . 
  it 's not backward at all . 
  i actually loved it . 
  a lot of people did . 
  which is why i think it 's funny seeing all this criticism about how he handled this sticky thread . 
  he always posted in two languages , so this thread should be no surprise . 
  i always saw people telling him they thought it was cool , now they 're calling him an idiot . 
  it 's weird how quickly this place can turn on someone . 
  not i. 
  there is basically one instance of him being less than professional . 
  but come on , if he gets tossed out for this , no mod is safe . 
  cut the guy some slack and let him learn from his mistake . 
  get over yourself . 
  let your inner patriot free . 
  geez man . 
  keep your head on a swivel and stay safe . 
   the picture the nra for example paint of the uk being a completely gun free zone is a load of bollocks . 
  to be fair , it 's not only the nra that says that . 
  many people from the uk say that as well . 
  whenever there is a gun debate in the us , people from the uk and europe bombard us with the same message : `` we are better because no one can get a gun here , we are gun free '' . 
  those people may be wrong , but i seldom see people from across the pond tell me that you can acquire a firearm ... 99 times out of 100 people tell us americans that guns are non-existent in europe . 
  oh ... i guess i did n't realize how pervasive illegal guns were . 
  that 's still a big risk to take though if you are a truck driver though . 
  i can imagine you would get fucked if you were caught with an illegal firearm . 
  for most people , that 's not worth the risk . 
  how deeply is the fsb involved with kadyrov and his militia ? 
  is it safe to assume that the fsb has completely penetrated his group and has lots of influence/control with kadyrov and all of his men ? 
  i remember reading about that , but in western media there seemed to be no consensus on whether or not his subordinates actually did those killings , or if the arrests were political by nature . 
  most news that comes from russia is surrounded by mystery and conspiracy theories . 
  there is no way of ever knowing what is really going on in russia . 
  where would a lorry driver even get a gun ? 
  i thought those were impossible to get in europe ? 
  fyi i 'm not trying to stir up a debate about access to guns ... i 'm legitimately wondering how someone could even get a gun in the uk or europe .
