  i just quoted op . 
  but yeah , 1.8 k/month makes a hell of a lot more sense than 18k/month . 
  i would be buying a one way ticket to qatar if i could make that kinda money right now . 
  the big red chunk bordering russia kind of surprises me . 
  i would have thought it would be a little better off since a lot of trade would flow through that region . 
  is that a new development ( as in , since sanctions were implemented ) or has that region always been a little poorer than the rest of finland ? 
  from the outside of finland looking in , it 's hard to make sense of what is going on there . 
  i read articles like this describing how the economy is not diversified well at all , and the primary engines of finland 's economy are doing poorly as well . 
  yet every indicator of life in finland shows that it is a very prosperous country , one of the wealthiest on earth . 
  so how is it that everyone in finland seems be well off , yet the economy is doing poorly ? 
  i does n't make a lot of sense . 
  i can only assume that the economy has n't effected most people yet , or that articles like this are exaggerating the issue . 
  yeah i understand that it is more expensive to live in qatar . 
  but $ 18k/month is a shit load of money anywhere you live . 
  especially for a young person right out of college . 
  i 'd be lucky to make that kinda money by the time i was in my 50 's . 
   i know a girl that got a marketable degree from a swiss university and is now working from home making 1800 bgn ( 920 eur ) ( she says the money is not enough for her but that 's another thing ) while studying in a bulgarian university full-time , earning a second bachelor 's degree so she can go to qatar and get her promised job with a salary of 18k usd a month . 
  holy shit that 's a lot money !, 
  18k/month !, 
  that 's now my dream job also !, 
  what job is that ? 
  we should both try getting that job, 
   we need an islam inspired by minds that are open to change and the challenges of the modern era , rejecting a literal reading of the qur ' an and in tune with the new historical context . 
  that kind of islam would make an important contribution to european culture in the 21st century and beyond . 
  unfortunately , the guys with the guns consider this heresy . 
  that type of islam this author is talking about would be considered invalid by many , many muslims . 
  why is that shitty punk song in english ? 
  i would n't really blame this on germany . 
  it is n't easy being the leading country , the primary power . 
  americans know this very well . 
  leading countries are n't magicians that can magically make anything they want happen . 
  germany has far less control over this than you seem to imagine . 
  you 're right that is a big dilemma . 
  real life is n't so simple . 
  i 'd like to think i would stay and help the country . 
  but if i had a family , and war was next door , and i knew i could be safe and make more money in a neighboring country ... well , i do n't know if i would be so patriotic . 
  especially if i knew a neighboring country already had a large diaspora presence i could easily mingle with , or even had family there who already moved . 
  the future of ukraine does n't look very good , sadly . 
   so can you now please tell me why ukraine is the real conflict and syria is just the distraction ? 
  no one is saying that . 
  they 're just talking about a news cycle and simply implying that a new issue is replacing an old issue in most of the media and our minds . 
  `` new '' does n't imply that it is more or less important than the `` old '' crisis , or one is the real conflict and the other is just a distraction . 
  the media , and our own attention span , can only handle a few issues at a time . 
  but that does n't mean they are the only ones that are important just because they are the ones currently being discussed, 
   the uk does n't have the same nationalism i have heard british people say this . 
  i do n't think this is true at all . 
  the brits i have met seemed very proud of their country ( or whatever the hell you call a collection of countries ) , and very proud of their history . 
  it 's just my opinion , but i think brits say they are n't as patriotic as americans , yet act just the same . 
  they just like pretending otherwise . 
  again , just an observation of mine . 
   but still i think it was an immature thing to do . 
  definitely . 
  it comes across as some sort of cheap stunt . 
  i also do n't understand why he would negotiate in the first place . 
  what leverage does argentina even have ? 
  there 's no reason to negotiate at all . 
  do you want a pat on the back or something ? 
  i see . 
  i do n't have anything else to add , nor do i have any more questions . 
  thanks for taking the time to respond to my previous posts . 
  final question . 
  is it unusual to have a foreigner as part of your advisor team as a pm ? 
  i know mike carney became governor of the bank of england , but he 's also part of the commonwealth so it might be a little different . 
  i just do n't know if it is normal or not to have non-british people have high positions in government . 
  so if he was elected pm somehow , would he be part of his cabinet then ( not sure how this works in the uk ) ? 
   `` jeremy attended to show respect for those who fought in conflicts for britain . 
  he stood in respectful silence during the anthem . 
  yeah that is obvious backtracking . 
  using a piss poor defense like that just makes it worse . 
  it makes his supporters look delusional . 
  i 'm guessing / r/unitedkingdom has a similar demographic make up as the rest of reddit . 
  when i see comments made by my compatriots on reddit ( who are mostly young , middle class and left leaning ) , they are a poor reflection of the rest of the country . 
  i know getting political opinions about america from reddit is horrible guide , and is almost entirely divorced from reality . 
  what i mean is , the comments you see on reddit are not at all like the comments you hear on the streets or in the bars . 
  i am guessing it 's the same way for british people with respect to / r/unitedkingdom, 
  that 's fucking crazy . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.viralthread.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/111-1.jpg ) is the face of a 16 year old who knows he is about to smash some puss . 
  if i was him , i 'd be bragging about this to my friends 24/7 , and i 'd be strutting around my school like i was anointed king . 
  hell , i would do that now and i 'm almost 30 . 
   then not singing the anthem because of some political view , well sing it anyway for the benefit of others , it 's like an edgy atheist saying `` how dare you say you wish gods blessing on me '' , it 's how they interact , even if you do n't believe it , you have to find some middle ground . 
  he sounds like some 19 year old kid that gets his views from / r/poltiics and acts like the type of sanctimonious cunt you see on / r/atheism . 
  yeah i could understand why a lot of people do n't like him . 
  not singing the national anthem might appeal to small , fringe on the left . 
  but it 's just going to piss off everyone else . 
  who would want to elect a guy as leader of their own country , that does n't even respect his own country ? 
  sanders so far has not opened his mouth much on foreign policy , or if he has it must not be too radical because i have n't heard a lot of it . 
  sounds like corbyn 's foreign policy is too radical for a lot of british people . 
  giving up nukes , compromising with the falklands ... these positions do n't seem like they would appeal to average british person . 
  it would be needlessly neutering yourself , or needlessly acquiescing to foreign power while gaining nothing in return . 
  sanders ' domestic policy is already a tad bit radical/idealistic in nature . 
  if his foreign policy was the same way , he 'd be dead in the water . 
  he seems more like a caricaturae than a real person . 
  like when i read this stuff i think to myself `` this is the embodiment of what many young , left leaning redditors want their politician to look like '' . 
  but in reality , it 's a fiasco . 
  i also thought it was odd that his economist was a frenchman . 
  i know thomas picketty has made quite the name for himself lately ( particularly as a left leaning economist ) , but i would n't think a british politician would do himself any favors by selecting a foreigner to set his economic policy . 
  why would n't he pick a british economist instead ? 
  was it just for the rock star appeal of picketty ? 
   for the record , i think he has integrity and passion - something people ask for in politicians but do n't respect , it seems , when they see it in action . 
  sounds pretty much exactly like bernie sanders over here .
