  of course . 
  the only thing we know of for certain is what actually happened . 
  saying those countries would have been better off or worse off without the euro is total guesswork, 
   overall , the countries hit hardest by the crisis would have been screwed harder without access to the euro . 
  that 's pure speculation . 
  there is no way of knowing that with certainty, 
  the only county i know of that lets part of its territory get siezed without so much as firing a shot in retaliation, 
  yeah i am sure all these dead people were on the subway to go kill gay people !, 
  thank god those terrorists stopped them !, 
  is swapping a flag and posting it on reddit supposed to mean anything other than you are desperately seeking validation from a group of people you have never even met before ? 
  yeah i really wanted to see an 0-16 parade . 
  in fact , all of america wanted to see it, 
  damn dude , your country has a rough history . 
  i spent like 2 minutes on wikipedia and in that brief time i see this :  the library was the first polish public library , the largest library in poland , and one of the earliest public libraries in europe . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ]  after the ko\u015bciuszko uprising ( 1794 ) , russian troops , acting on orders from czarina catherine ii , seized the library 's holdings and transported them to her personal collection at saint petersburg , where a year later it formed the cornerstone of the newly founded imperial public library . 
  [ 2 ]  in the 1920s the government of the russian soviet federative socialist republic returned some of the former za\u0142uski library holdings to the recently established second polish republic thanks to the treaty of riga . 
  these holdings were deliberately destroyed by german troops during the planned destruction of warsaw in october 1944 , following the collapse of the warsaw uprising . 
  [ 2 ] [ 3 ]  then i click a few links :  the ko\u015bciuszko uprising was an uprising against imperial russia and the kingdom of prussia [ 1 ] led by tadeusz ko\u015bciuszko in the commonwealth of poland and the prussian partition in 1794 . 
  it was a failed attempt to liberate the polish-lithuanian commonwealth from russian influence after the * second partition of poland ( 1793 ) * warsaw uprising :  although the exact number of casualties remains unknown , it is estimated that about 16,000 members of the polish resistance were killed and about 6,000 badly wounded . 
  in addition , between 150,000 and 200,000 polish civilians died , mostly from mass executions . 
  jews being harboured by poles were exposed by german house-to-house clearances and mass evictions of entire neighbourhoods . 
  german casualties totalled over 8,000 soldiers killed and missing , and 9,000 wounded . 
  during the urban combat approximately 25 % of warsaw 's buildings were destroyed . 
  following the surrender of polish forces , german troops systematically levelled another 35 % of the city block by block . 
  together with earlier damage suffered in the 1939 invasion of poland and the warsaw ghetto uprising in 1943 , over 85 % of the city was destroyed by january 1945 , when the course of the events in the eastern front forced the germans to abandon the city holy shit dude . 
  i know your country has had it rough . 
  but damn . 
  a couple of minutes on wikipedia and i see your first library looted , then returned but destroyed , multiple partitions of your country , and majority of your capital destroyed and countless people killed . 
  what would i find out of i spent twenty minutes looking at your country 's history ? 
  i do n't even want to know, 
  that 's probably the only time in your country 's history where that was true . 
  it seems like russia likes keeping your stuff in their country for safe keeping . 
  besides the plane that crashed in smolensk , what else does russia have that should be in poland ? 
  here 's another fun fact about ohio : the browns are terrible . 
  although i am sure you have noticed that one as well . 
  but i ca n't exactly get the opinions of people from there any other way . 
  i ca n't sit at the dinner table and hear what people are saying , i ca n't sit in a pub and listen to what people say after a couple of pints , nor can i listen to what people say when they are out for a smoke at work . 
  my resources are rather limited in terms of observing the discourse of people from any other country but my own , so even if that resource is terrible it is the best i have . 
  huh . 
  that was a really clear way of expressing your point/demonstrating the bias of those subs . 
  thanks for that . 
  definitely something to keep in mind when i check those subs out . 
  they are keeping them safe in mother russia . 
  some people are so ungrateful, 
  yeah i suspected that was the case , but there is virtually no way for me to be certain of that . 
  hell , i am sure if someone from that sub saw your comment they would tell you that you are the horribly biased person . 
  it 's really difficult to tell what the atmosphere is like in another country when you are an ocean away , viewing everything through the distorted lens of a single website, 
  the only window i have into the minds of scottish people at this moment , it 's via their national subreddit . 
  and a cursory glance at that sub shows that a referendum is pretty much the only thing on their mind, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  petty , but hilarious, 
  my country is n't corrupt either . 
  government contracts are granted to friends and acquaintances . 
  it 's merely a different distribution model than other countries , nothing more, 
  probably really rich people who 's family has been there for generations :d, 
  what exactly do you expect from my country . 
  we would probably do what we can if russia invaded you , but do you really think any country could prevent an invasion if russia decided to seize your country ? 
  i ca n't imagine the situation has changed much . 
  their probably is nothing any baltic country could do to allow them to defend themselves against a full blown russian invasion for any longer than about 2 months . 
  i 'm not trying to be an asshole or anything . 
  but the entire population of all the baltic countries is about the same size as the city i live in ( chicago ) . 
  look , i know you are from estonia so you have a personal stake in this . 
  but how far away is your country from st. petersburg ? 
  does n't that city have more people than your entire country ? 
  and what about moscow to vilnius or riga ? 
  there is n't a lot any country can do about geography and huge disparities in populations . 
  the idea of other countries being tasked with defending you is asking the impossible, 
  most people think of alliances as a collection of similar countries ideologically , and are not accustomed to thinking about alliances in terms of assets/liabilities / geography / military capabilities etc. . . hell , most people inn my country could n't point to their allies on a map . 
  so they mostly view nato in very abstract terms of they even think about it all . 
  i think it 's absurd we let baltic countries into nato . 
  their geographic position makes them indefensible . 
  i have nothing against them and wish them well . 
  but why would we make them military allies when our own military reports they are indefensible countries , and they could last at most 3 weeks even with the full force of nato backing them up ? 
  what the fuck is point ? 
  i dunno man , it 's frustrating . 
  if it were up to me , i would n't go about acquiring weak links for an alliance that has purely a military purpose, 
   i would question if it was worth it for us . 
  as someone from one of those more powerful countries , i fully believe it is nowhere near worth it . 
  these countries are liabilities , not assets . 
  and in military alliances , i prefer every country being an asset not a liability . 
  this is not a club of friendly , nice countries where it does not matter what you bring to the table . 
  i am astonished our country accepts any baltic or balkan country honestly . 
  i would much rather be in a military alliance with country like turkey due to its strategic location than in an alliance with a country like latvia because it is completely indefensible . 
  that being said , my opinion is clearly in the minority . 
  not sure if i am more confused or less confused after reading that . 
  anyway , at least they are n't africa poor i guess, 
  so just googled 300 rubles to usd . 
  it 's a little over 5 dollars . 
  that does n't seem possible . 
  maybe everything is free in belarus ? 
  wow . 
  imagine living there . 
  i do n't think i would care much about anything else in the world if that was my home . 
  i wonder if they would let me sleep on their couch for a couple of years, 
  yay !, 
  another barnacle gets added to the hull !, 
  what a glorious day !, 
  i will take the one you like least off your hands , and since i am so kind i will do it for free, 
  that would be a really shitty thing to make up . 
  that story blew up and really did serious damage to our already struggling reputation .
