  i am sure many of the irish immigrants who came to america would be happy to know that their gamble paid off so mightily . 
  so what if some americans say they are irish . 
  so what if they are trying to keep alive the only sense of identity they have that is n't the meaningless `` american '' . 
  are the irish that cynical that they ca n't let some people * try * and keep some memory of their heritage alive ? 
  really ? 
  that bothers me . 
  edit : just realized you are not from ireland and have been ranting to the wrong person , please disregard . 
  did you just quote alanis morriset ? 
  this conversation started by an idiotic comment you made about a bust of winston churchill and a mythic anglo-phobia element in america . 
  you have since covered the extremely wide scope of unrelated issues including ( but not limited to ) : the mexican-american war , wounded knee , irish grand-parents , the vietnam war , the war that has n't happened with iran , british bases on some islands , the glory era of the british empire ... did i miss something ? 
  what 's next ? 
  if you do n't win the redditor master of misdirection award , i 'll be seriously disappointed . 
  and in this case , it 's the irish denying the irish emmigrants their roots . 
  it comes across as pretty cold to me . 
  i 'm glad that 's cleared up . 
  the uk can enjoy it 's triple dip recession and increasing global irrelevance ( and go fuck itself while it 's at it ) . 
  the us will go play elsewhere , and enjoy it 's modest recovery . 
  thanks for the language , we 've put it to good use , and added a few things along the way . 
  you sir , are a douche bag . 
  there over 36 million `` plastic paddies '' in america , compared to 4.5 million authentic paddies . 
  that means the ratio of plastic paddy to authentic paddy is over 8:1 . 
  it 's getting harder and harder to find the real thing nowadays . 
  they do n't make 'em like they used to . 
  are we getting into a debate about `` who cares about the other side less '' ? 
  that just seems silly . 
  i fail to see the thread that binds the mexican-american war , a bust of winston churchill , irish grandparents , and america suggesting the uk not turn its back on the eu . 
  really ? 
  are you that shallow ? 
  do n't flatter yourself into thinking their is some large anglophobe population in america . 
  if anything , their is widespread aglo-apathy . 
  as you already know , a significant portion of americans have irish blood ( i 've got a few squirts of irish sauce in my gene pool as well ... the irish sowed their oats from coast to coast by creating a habit of fucking everything with a pulse when they came over ) , but that hardly translates into left over feelings , either pro or anti , towards the british . 
  i was mostly trying to point out that the `` churchill bust '' issue was a fabrication , made up to conjure a myth that obama has something against the british . 
  i threw that irish thing in their as a little jab . 
  but no , anglophobia does n't exist ( please , do not google `` anglophobia in america '' and post a link to some obscure group that no one has ever heard about , i 'm sure there is a group of anglophobes somewhere , point is there are n't any influential groups or movements espousing anglophobia ) . 
  so i 'm still sperm ?!, 
  good god . 
  are you a 12 year child ? 
  so brits are prone to silly conspiracy theories too eh ? 
  i thought that churchill bust issue was settled , but evidently it 's not . 
  so here is an update : http://m.whitehouse.gov/blog/2012/07/27/fact-check-bust-winston-churchill you also forgot about obama 's other grand-daddy , you know , his irish one . 
  although bringing him into the conversation probably would n't help debunk any perceived anti-british sentiments either . 
  the trends are flatter then a ten year olds chest . 
  i am a native speaker . 
  i was assuming he was referring to home ownership , as housing is already provided in america via section 8 housing and various other schemes run through various states . 
  i made the assumption that he was n't destitute , and had no roof over his head , and was therefore implying he wanted easier access to owning a home . 
  how are republicans responsible for you not being able to afford healthcare or housing . 
  last i checked , housing prices were severely deflated , and interest rates are pretty much at all time lows . 
  there was a time when you needed to put down at * least * 20 % down on a home to be even * considered * for a home loan , and going away from that led to the sub-prime mortgage crisis that precipitated in the collapse of our economy . 
  republicans were n't responsible for that either . 
  that was a bi-partisan plan that if anything was pushed by democrats . 
  regardless of who is to blame for the crisis , you should n't accuse a political party for you not having `` education , healthcare , and housing '' . 
  only on reddit can you pass such baseless nonsense as `` hurr durr republicans '' and have that be accepted as a legitimate argument . 
  i voted for obama , but i really only see the republican party as taking trillion dollar deficits as seriously as we should . 
  we have $ 16 trillion in debt and counting , and you want the government to provide you with luxuries like housing ? 
  i really hope you were being facetious . 
  are n't you supposed to be trolling right now ? 
  should n't someone be paying their debts ? 
  holy shit , cloud fucker , you have straight up spammed this thread with one idiotic one-liner after another . 
  do you feel obligated to comment on every other comment in this thread ? 
  have you no shame ? 
  i think it 's pretty disengenious to say austerity works by limiting the comparison to latvia and greece , and to completely omit all of the other european countries going through austerity . 
  the author dismisses the results in greece due to the fact that it is the most corrupt country in the eurozone , but makes no mention of the economies in ireland , portugal , or spain . 
  this is solid proof that i can turn on my googling machine , and search `` austerity works '' , or `` austerity is a failure '' and come up with a number of articles that either support , or refute what i would prefer to be the truth . 
  this got really big a few months ago . 
  here is a summary : islam is donkey shit . 
  it 's only `` amazing '' when the projected growth in america is compared to the projected growth of europe for 2013 . 
  america 's growth is `` projected '' to be around 2 ~ 3 percent , where as i think europe as a whole will be around 0 . 
  i think the uk is going to at least experience some growth , which can be called `` amazing '' relative to stagnation or recession . 
  america has already gone through the pain of restructuring our banks , and all appear rather robust . 
  britains banks have assets everywhere , so i do n't think they are over exposed to banks in europe ( british banks just need to stay out of the scandal light and lay low for a while ) . 
  there are a number of banks in europe who 's prospects are n't so certain . 
  however all three have looming debt issues . 
  i do n't think either europe , america or the uk will see their economies go to shit , regardless of the bullshit you see on / r/politics . 
  i swear to god 80 % ( at least ) of the regular posters on that subreddit are incompetent children . 
  as always , be skeptical , and think for yourself ( namely ignore almost everything you see on / r/politics ) . 
  it is almost never a good thing to go by the us people on reddit . 
  edit : especially when the article is a month old , and is based around the prospect of the us going off the fiscal cliff . 
  clearly portugal is the epicenter of evil and hate in this world . 
  in just a few minutes , somebody is going to reply to your comment with a link to an article about a christian or a jew who beat their kid to death , and say `` see , it has happened before '' . 
  as if to imply one very rare case is somehow on par with the seemingly common cases this happens within muslim cultures . 
  it happens every time . 
  maybe there just shouting good recipes to each other because they are passionate about their food . 
  is that some sort of muslim salad dressing ? 
  unfortunately my debts will have been paid by then . 
  is it true if i move to finland i do n't need to get a job and i can just barnacle off of the governments social services ? 
  i keep seeing on this subreddit that european governments pay immigrants * not * to work . 
  europe : a parasite 's paradise . 
  can you pay my debts then ? 
  i still have four more years left on my car loan , but i 'm a pretty cool guy so your nations money would n't be wasted . 
  i could use the extra money each month to spend at the bar buying moderately good looking women drinks , and then taking them home in my newly paid off car . 
  ask your prime minister . 
  finland has like 300 people living there , so i 'm sure you 're on a first name basis with him . 
  i too have the wisdom of the falcon , so maybe i have finnish blood in my veins . 
  anything your country can do to help me get laid would be much appreciated . 
  finland pay your debts !, 
  as for the thread in / r/politics , i have no idea what kind of jobs they had . 
  but for virtually any job that is decent , most companies start off at 2 weeks ( the cnn article says 2-3 weeks ) plus 11 paid holidays , which brings the number up to 3.5-4 .5 weeks of paid vacation time . 
  while it 's true that this does n't match europe , it would be disingenuous to say that we hardly get any time off . 
  also , this is what people start off with when they start at a company . 
  usually after the first year or so , successive half weeks or whole weeks are added ( although there is a cap obviously , if you work at the same company for 20 years , i doubt they 'd give you 6 months off ) .
