  the democratic party is now a party ran by identity politics , applying bizarre math and ranking people according to their race , religion , and gender identity and working class whites are on the wrong side of that arithmetic . 
  it 's pretty damn insulting to be called nazi scum by the same party your family supported for generations . 
  it 's now an embarrassing clown show that ca n't even beat trump because they think everyone who disagrees with them is some bigot , racist , xenophobe etc. . . it 's a toxic , hostile shit show now . 
   i 'd fucking vote for him just to see the left cry i did n't even vote for trump , but watching lefties cry has been my favorite part so far . 
  colleges were even offering safe spaces for adults students to go to and use coloring books and play with play-doh to make them feel better . 
  that is modern leftism for you . 
  no longer is it a party of working class people , but a party of adults acting like children . 
  not sure why you are getting down voted so heavily . 
  you are asking honest questions and being fairly respectful while doing so . 
  i guess you are touching a sore spot or something ? 
  i dunno , i ca n't figure it out . 
  yeah definitely seemed like he thought it would be funny or some shit . 
  he is also like 40 years old too . 
  i assumed he would be way younger considering he was hammered at 8 am and doing stupid shit to presumably be `` funny '' . 
  oh well , play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  apparantly this happened at 8 in the morning ? 
  guy was wasted and giving nazi salutes before breakfast time . 
  sounds like a real a class act, 
  just think of all those disappointed parents . 
  i take yours wear adidas tracksuits instead ? 
  nah i just found it that people were getting so ... patriotic about eggs . 
  like really ? 
  eggs are what we are bragging about now ? 
  i love seeing all these articles pop up right after that retarded post that had like a million upvotes and comments about how virtuous and amazing european eggs are compared to american ones . 
  lol . 
  by looking at your geographic location , i can also say that since you border russia , you are slavic . 
  or since russia borders finland and norway , russia is nordic . 
  that is n't really the best argument for whether or not your country is nordic, 
  yeah most likely a 20 year old far left college student . 
  but they tend to act like little fascists anyway . 
  spanish : the lingua franca of poverty, 
  agreed . 
  this guy ^ gets it . 
  and people say germans do n't have a sense of humor ... kinda surprised it 's written in english though, 
  it was a term used extensively in the media after the financial crisis to refer to the countries portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  it stopped being used a few years ago because of how obviously insulting it is, 
  the vast majority of people on earth have been manipulated and emotionally abused by someone at some point in their lives . 
  few decide to join isis afterwards . 
  jesus christ that 's ridiculous . 
  hopefully your situation has improved . 
  it 's pretty damn hard to build a life around that kind of money . 
  lol . 
  for years , italy was literally pumped into a category of european countries labeled pigs . 
  go try and tell italians they have n't been insultingly generalized, 
  what kind of job were you working that pays so little ? 
  were you working full-time ? 
  400 hundred euros a month is under three euros an hour . 
  i ca n't imagine anywhere in europe not having a minimum wage more than that . 
  how does your employer not pay you on time ? 
  what do they say when you ask them why your paycheck has not come yet ? 
  what are you supposed to do in the meantime for money ? 
  i doubt you could pay your rent late just because your paycheck is late . 
  what 's it like living in el castilo de bumblefuck ? 
  i only ever hear of people from my country visiting cities like barcelona . 
  i imagine it 's pretty quiet and peaceful right ? 
  what 's life like there ? 
  what happens the 18th ? 
  that 's two days before my birthday . 
  and depending on what is happening there , i might either find myself hanging out in san diego for my birthday , or spending that time in the midwest depressed that trump 's 1 year anniversary of his inauguration happens on my birthday, 
  it would just be weird if i read an article about a politician fleeing from houston to dallas . 
  is that really fleeing ? 
  or is it moving ? 
  i thought they were technically the same country ? 
  canadians are too polite to be a superpower , and australians are too drunk to become a superpower . 
  the alternate explanation is that they lack hundreds of millions of people and most of their land is uninhabitable , but i like my first hypothesis better, 
  how would it have fucked your country any more than other modes of resource extraction ? 
  how could he have been the future when he is constitutionally forbidden from going further ? 
  maybe an intellectual on the sidelines ? 
  he should n't just be remembered as his brief stint as a politician . 
  he is an extremely accomplished man in a number of different domains and is highly regarded by everyone ( except maybe his wife ) . 
  cut the guy a little slack . 
  that dude from a small austrian village has accomplished more than most people would in five lifetimes . 
  are public executions going to make a comeback ? 
  sadiq khan sounds like he is a baby just like trump is . 
  no offense , but this reddit . 
  people make up bullshit about themselves all the time to make themselves appear more authoritative on a subject . 
  claiming to be an academic of some sort is really vague , and can mean anything really without getting more specific . 
  i am not asking you to provide anything more than that fyi . 
  i do n't really care , and i doubt you would provide information that could somehow get linked back to you in real life . 
  i am just explaining why i asked the question in the first place, 
   from my perspective as an academic , no offense , but what exactly does that mean ? 
  for all i know , that could just mean `` i am a student in college '' . 
  are you getting a phd , or already have one in something like international relations , global trade , geopolitics or something like that ? 
  edit : or do you mean you know it is harder for foreigners to study in the uk ? 
  damn . 
  that is some really pretty architecture, 
  not sure if that 's a clock , or some ominous countdown to certain doom, 
  pretty sure birth control is not a requirement for survival . 
  if birth control should be free , why not condoms ? 
  hell , why not soap or toothpaste also, 
  i do n't think he 's a white supremacist . 
  he 's a trump supremacist . 
  he thinks he 's better than everyone . 
  i was really hoping this clown was mostly acting and he would be a semi competent president . 
  even with my expectations so low , he has still been a compete disaster . 
  and he has only been in office four months . . jesus fucking christ i do n't know whether to laugh or cry, 
  no amusement ? 
  there has to be just a little bit of schadenfreude going on here . 
  well that was certainly an interesting read . 
  i had no idea any of that happened .
