  it 's like americans kinda dislike the french because we think they hate our guts . 
  and french people kinda dislike americans because french people think we hate them . 
  it 's pretty stupid really . 
  if you take a step back , that dynamic looks incredibly immature and is the kind of attitude you would expect teenagers to have . 
  but alas , it persists ( although in an exaggerated sense , since i do n't know anyone that strongly dislikes french people at all ) . 
  i can think of a few : ignorance about other countries is not at all unique to americans . 
  i have seen countless idiotic , blatantly ignorant comments about america coming from europeans . 
  the worst part is , those europeans refuse to be corrected , and often tell you that we are wrong about our own country instead of changing their own misconceptions . 
  this comes across as egregiously arrogant , hence the stereotype europeans have here . 
  europeans also love to criticize americans for being nationalistic and patriotic . 
  in my opinion , nationalism is the axis on which nearly every country revolves around . 
  this comes across as blatantly hypocritical . 
   in the uk at least it 's normally people who are ` creatively liberal left ' who like to hate on the usa . 
  that 's not unique at all to uk . 
  it 's probably like that everywhere . 
  hell , the ` creatively liberal left ' in the us also features a bit of high minded disdain for their own country . 
  i think it stems from their insecurity about being american , and they desperately feel the need to impress europeans by denigrating their own country in a bid to demonstrate how they are not like other obnoxious , patriotic americans . 
  just letting you know , you are the living , breathing , embodiment/physical manifestation of the arrogant , and incredibly ignorant european that we stereotype here . 
  you 're basically a human parody . 
  how does that feel ? 
   it 's usually only limited to the us , the nation , that is hated . 
  oh lovely , that is soooo reassuring !, 
  so what is the whole point of this thread ? 
  to tell americans they are dumb ? 
  you are asking why americans care about european issues . 
  when we say `` because lots of americans are of european descent , and are culturally similar to europeans '' . 
  you respond with calling us dumb , telling us we are nothing like europeans , and a villager from the congo or balochistan are closer to europeans than we are . 
  so was the entire point of this to bait us into this response so you could tell us we are more distant from europeans than africans and pakistanis ? 
  my god , you have a bizarre , distorted view if you think someone from subharan africa can blend in better in a european country than an american . 
  or that someone from waziristan or swat would be a better immigrant in london than an american , simply because it used to be a british colony . 
  here is the difference . 
  people in canada and north america replaced the natives with people of british/european descent . 
  countries that were colonized in africa and southeast asia were not replaced with europeans . 
  they are still mostly culturally african/indian , where as people in north america are largely culturally european and are of european descent . 
  you 're trying waaaaaay too hard here . 
  no , someone from africa would not be a better fit in europe just because of language . 
  i am baffled that this even needs to be explained to you . 
  although i am guessing you already know this and feel like getting into some stupid debate so you can demonstrate some vague sense of progressiveness for suggesting african refugees are more similar to europeans than someone from america/canada/australia . 
  do i have to spoon feed you too ? 
  jeez . 
  english is a european language , that is what i am talking about . 
  stop playing stupid . 
  i am just saying that there are obvious cultural ties between the us and europe . 
   how is a dude in kansas who speaks english at all similar to a dude in hungarian who speaks hungarian . 
  well , you could take someone like me for example . 
  although my family is not from kansas ( they 're from pennsylvania ) , my grandfather was from hungary . 
  so yeah , people like me who have grandparents from x country may develop a passing interest in that country . 
  that does n't mean we 're going to go out and get phd in hungarian history , but that does mean that we have some basic interests in the country our ancestors came from . 
  honestly , you 're just being difficult . 
  when people play dumb like you are clearly doing , you 're not ingratiating yourself towards anyone . 
  you 're playing games that teenage girls play for christ 's sake . 
   i always comment sarcastically but most people do n't actually care . 
  this is news to hundreds of millions of americans , who routinely have to endure the insufferable arrogance europeans love to put on display in pretty much every single article about the us on every media platform . 
  if europeans do n't care about things like american healthcare , then why in god 's name is it brought up in every fucking article about the us whether or not it is relevant ? 
   yet they never cry about the refugee situation in pakistan or lebanon , why care about germany or sweden ? 
  americans are largely descendants of europeans . 
  we speak a european language , practice a religion that was centered in europe for millinea , and are basically a cultural by product of europe . 
  pakistan is a gaping shithole that no one outside of pakistan cares about . 
  how is this a surprise to you that americans feel more of a connection to europe than * fucking pakistan * ?!? 
   there 's a tendency to make us standards uniform many countries try make the standards used in their own countries uniform internationally . 
  europe does the same thing . 
  although , when europe does it they are `` improving '' or `` setting higher standards '' :d  regional issues in the us can `` reverberate '' into national issues for the us and international ones for the rest . 
  ditto for europe . 
  do you think europe exists in a vacuum ? 
  do you not realize it is more populace than the us , and has a larger economy than the us ? 
   let 's say fox news fans , concerned about how the eu will become brown and islamic * and then attack the usa . 
  * this is absolute garbage . 
  i do n't think any of the americans posting here are fox news fans . 
  and i have never seen an americans suggest that the reason they are concerned about migration in europe is because they fear an attack from the us . 
  to me , you 're just spouting ignorance and trying to make it sound like any american voicing an opinion on the subject is a lunatic racist . 
  god forbid people comment here because , you know , it 's reddit and people comment on subjects whether or not they are effected . 
  i 've seen this before and each time i see it i just realize how much of a raw deal i got . 
  i 'm irish and hungarian by ancestry . 
  and of course i got the irish wiener :(, 
  your comment was pretty interesting , but this stuck out to me for some reason . 
   i really hoped for a weaker president why ? 
   no they do n't yes , yes they do . 
  they have everything to prove , denying that does n't effect reality . 
   that 's the beauty of a functional democratic state , it does n't discriminate . 
  the state and laws do n't discriminate , but the people living in the state do . 
  and the people living in these effected communities are going to be furious at any crime committed by a refugee for two simple reasons : 1 ) it will confirm their worst fears 2 ) it is seen as a betrayal of their hospitality . 
  pretending like locals are going to view crime associated with refugees in the same way they view crime within their own group is just foolish . 
  they wo n't . 
  that 's human nature . 
  newcomers are always judged more harshly . 
  there is a difference though . 
  the locals do n't have anything to prove . 
  like or not , the refugees do . 
  and crimes committed by one will reflect poorly upon all of them . 
  that 's the way things go . 
  it 's just how human nature works when it comes to locals accepting outsiders . 
  ok . because the first paragraph of the article says this :  kiev a national guardsman was killed and nearly 90 others protecting ukraine 's parliament were wounded by grenades hurled by protesters on monday , the interior ministry said , ** as deputies backed reforms to give more autonomy to rebel-held areas . 
  ** so i took this to mean that the decentralization of powers would mostly be for the benefit of regions in the east . 
  this article seems to make that pretty clear :  opponents of the bill said it played into russia 's hands and would lead ultimately to ukraine losing control over the donbass - the name given to the industrialized east , swathes of which are controlled by separatists now . 
  so yeah , not sure if it is a nationwide thing or a region specific thing . 
  you are from ukraine , right ? 
  how do you feel about this ? 
  hmmm ... i 'm not sure i follow these guys ' logic . 
  beating , torturing , and/or killing elderly couples is not a way to ingratiate yourselves with the local community . 
  i 'm pretty sure anywhere in the world , if you assault an elderly person , people will fucking hate you .
