  there is always a way rationalize something as `` good '' if you want to , and there is always a way to deflect criticism ... no matter the shameless mental gymnastics one must do to construct such a narrative . 
    make the sub unavailable for us ips  apart from the fact that it 's most likely impossible and super-easy to bypass - why ? 
  cuz amerifats suck . 
  that 's why . 
  you do n't really need to look any deeper than that . 
   how are we supposed to seize power ? 
  sleep your way to the top ? 
  that 's how women used to gain power . 
  i 'm sure it still works . 
   google has reduced the amount of tax it pays in france by funnelling most of its revenue through a dutch-registered intermediary and then to a bermuda-registered holding , google ireland limited , before reporting it in low-tax ireland . 
  i would n't mind seeing france go after google . 
  but there is an underlying problem here . 
  should n't there be some over-arching common tax laws in the eu that prevent companies from playing these games ? 
  i doubt google is the only one doing this shit , european countries must be losing * a lot of revenue if this is common practice . 
  * or gaining , i guess it depends on if you are the country getting fucked , or the country doing the fucking . 
  my comment had little to do with the olympics specifically . 
  my comment was implying that the people of america are hardly russophobic ( russo-apathetic is more accurate ) . 
  i see much more anti-russian comments/views coming out of europe ( more specifically , the eastern bloc countries ) . 
  i was n't the one that made the connection between criticism of the olympics and russophobia . 
  it was the person i was replying to that suggested the reason why criticism towards uk/south africa/uae was n't as pronounced was because it does n't `` ring the russophobic bell that the yanks are all obsessed with '' . 
  i did n't make that connection . 
  i did n't bring `` russophobia '' into this conversation . 
  i was stating that us `` yanks '' are n't very `` russophobic '' to begin with , so why was he saying all this anti-russian sentiment stems from the us . 
  was that one of the suggestions ? 
  if so , i must share my personal favorite :  remove burger remove burger you are worst americunt . 
  you are the americunt idiot you are the americunt smell . 
  return to europe . 
  to our europe cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , white settlers we will never forgeve you . 
  white rascal fuck but fuck asshole americunt stink of grease . . 9/11 best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead christian . . ahahahahahusa we will get you !!, 
  do not forget vietnam ... 
  this comment was also especially thoughtful . 
  this person clearly put a lot of time and effort into it :  8 = = =d ~ ~ ~, 
  did not expect poles to be tied with the uk as the highest percentage of subscribers by nationality 15 % . 
  also , it does n't look like this sub views gypsies very favorably ... or countries being a superpower ( america and china viewed equally unfavorably ) . 
  why was n't this question asked feelings about europe as a future superpower are ... 
  okay . 
  right back at you . 
  if you say idiotic crap that does n't make sense , i can too . 
   does n't ring the russophobic bell that the yanks are all obsessed with , though . 
  the yanks ? 
  waaa !?!??!? 
  how the hell are americans more russophobic than europeans ? 
  do you not read european press ? 
  or american press ? 
  russophobia in the us is an insignificant fraction of what it appears to be in europe . 
  we do n't have centuries of bad history between us like some european countries have with russia . 
  russophobia seems to be one the major backbones of a pan-european culture . 
  admittedly this article was a poor example of his usual stuff . 
  he threw in one chart and some italian poem i did n't understand . 
  this seemed more krugman-esque than ambrose 's usual columns . 
  you 're right , this article in particular did not have much substance to it . 
   which is all that aep has ever produced in his entire journalistic career i respectfully disagree . 
  i read his columns regularly and they are fairly in depth and insightful for a major media outlet . 
  this article was clearly lacking , but many others of his are more elaborate . 
  if anything , i like his columns because they are usually more critical of political/economic foundations in western countries . 
  i prefer those over self congratulatory puff pieces i read by other columnists who seem hell bent on repeating the refrain that `` all is well , and those doom-sayers are just jerks '' . 
  i do n't like it when i see columnists handing awards for a job well done when the real work has n't even started . 
  in my humble opinion , you use that link as irrefutable evidence that ambrose is so biased his opinions have no merit . 
  i think that is a cheap cop out , that allows you and others to completely disregard his arguments so you can pretend that all is well . 
  instead of attacking him , why not deconstruct his arguments presented in his articles ? 
  the data cited in that article comes straight from italy 's government . 
  are you suggesting , that by extension , italy 's own government 's economic indicators are biased ? 
  maybe you should read his stuff more frequently , put aside your own bias , and think about what other people are saying . 
  he may be wrong , he may be right , but he has a lot of followers and his data is usually from reputable sources . 
  you can come to your own conclusions , but i would never suggest ambrose is an idiot . 
  i come across criticism towards him frequently , and a lot of that criticism is worthy . 
  but this guy has been in the industry for 30 years , clearly he knows something . 
   i started being really pissed at it since everyone is talking about it * and i do n't get 99 % of the references . 
  * that sounds like a personal problem . 
   but i ca n't understand why you 're watching the game if you have no interest in it . 
  because it is essentially a national holiday here . 
  all of your friends/family will probably be watching the game . 
  you probably would too , simply out of association . 
  but if you do n't like the game , at least you have something else to look forward to like the commercials or the half time show . 
  if you plan on not watching the game , well then enjoy a day of solitude . 
  you will be all alone . 
   but still , seeing all these people who are actually eager to view them makes no sense . 
  the people most eager to view these commercials are typically those that are not into the sport to begin with . 
  it 's mostly things for the non fans to watch . 
  i do n't know anyone who is a big fan of the game that really gets into the commercials . 
  for dedicated fans , the commercials are just a little bonus . 
  for non fans , it 's a reason to watch the game . 
  so belarus has wild boars that are both radioactive , and stricken with swine fever ? 
  that 's like a fucking super weapon . 
  you have simply failed to address my main point . 
  stop diverting attention to the us . 
  you have yet to acknowledge that india , china , russia , and a consortium of other countries ridiculed europe for its stupid plan to tax planes coming into its country . 
  and even more ridiculously , taxes them for the entire time the planes are * over the fucking ocean * , or * over its own fucking land * . 
  this has * nothing * to do with climate change . 
  are you really this dense or is this an act ? 
  it was an idiotic ploy to get other countries to fund its own emissions-trading scheme ( ets ) . 
  a scheme no country outside of europe can participate in . 
  this was simply about milking international flights to backstop its own policies . 
  every other country outside of europe opposed this . 
  so stop being so obtuse . 
  stop deflecting and bringing up shit like america 's embargo with cuba , which effects only american and cuban trade . 
  why do you keep bringing up the us ? 
  once again , what about china 's concerns ?
