  my teacher 's reinforced this also . 
  public schools and universities definitely have a left wing slant . 
  but if you were just fucking around , then whatever , no need to get into a long winded debate about that . 
  i thought you were serious . 
  to be fair , some people might point out that other countries are able to attain all the same things without such a high tax rate . 
  people go nuts on reddit whenever taxes are discussed and can barely have an adult conversation about it . 
  no one is saying taxes should be dropped to zero . 
  it 's more of a `` can it be reduced 5-10 % '' , not `` we should emulate somalia '' . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
   it 's not like america or saudia arabia where they shoot you unless you nod your head to a ethics and politics lesson . 
  ummm ... what ? 
  i guess you do n't know anything about school in the us . 
  disagreement and discussion is strongly encouraged in us schools . 
  you 're just being silly . 
  whatever idiotic politician that enacted it would get tossed out . 
  then again , a tax like this would probably get voted on at the ballot , and would 100 % get shot down . 
  no way that would happen . 
  you must not have a sense of humor then . 
  lighten up a little . 
  it will do you good in life . 
  i do n't really know what to tell you other than i find that unusual . 
  we 're not some strange , alien people . 
  we make friends and we usually keep them . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's something every society has in common . 
  that 's awesome . 
  serbia kicks ass . 
  we 're way too uptight to sell booze and smokes to kids . 
  most americans do that too though . 
  that 's so bizarre how that would be a stereotype of americans . 
  that 's so incredibly wrong on every level . 
  none of that reflects reality at all . 
  what makes you think we ca n't talk about our issues with friends or family ? 
  are you serious ? 
  children can actually buy cigarettes and alcohol in serbia ? 
  not sure if that 's hilarious or just crazy . 
  wow . 
  this is a significant escalation of the situation if true . 
  russia will probably get even more involved in syria now . 
  how will putin keep his focus on both ukraine and syria at the same ? 
  ironic that a downed passenger plane might take attention * away * from ukraine for a while . 
  what a strange twist of fate . 
  because a lot of people have problems with what it means to `` back hezbollah '' . 
  hezbollah is a political party with it 's own independent military with it 's own foreign policy that conducts military operations against another country . 
  politics parties are traditionally unarmed and work within the state . 
  hezbollah is a political party that operates parallel to the state . 
  the only analog i can think of is the ira . 
  it might be different if hezbollah was just a regular , unarmed political party . 
  but it is n't . 
  it kills people . 
  this makes a lot of people uneasy about hezbollah , and hence iran 's support for it . 
  that 's reality for you , and reality can suck for small countries . 
  especially when they border large , antagonistic countries . 
  geography has certainly favored some nations over others . 
  absolutely . 
  i only have some knowledge of christianity which is why i commented on it . 
  other than that , my knowledge about hinduism , islam , buddhism is also very limited to basics . 
  i guess i should have been more careful too . 
  since non atheists usually only have knowledge about their own religion , and are similarly ignorant about the others . 
  sounds like a good time to buy a swedish flag and hang it outside of your house . 
  it 's not cherry picking . 
  the new testament replaces numerous mosaic laws . 
  some of these are discussed in the first four books of the new testament ( the gospels ) , but a lot more are covered in the fifth book ( acts of the apostles ) , which talks a lot about what laws must be observed for new comers to the church . 
  only jews that converted to christianity had any obligation to follow mosaic law and the teachings of jesus . 
  non jews who converted to christianity only had to follow the teachings of jesus , as that was the new covenant that superseded all others ( for example , this is why christians can eat pork and males do n't need to circumcise their penis as these old testament covenants no longer applied to new converts ) . 
  so they are n't being bad christians by not stoning people . 
  they are actually following the teachings of christ . 
  the argument you are making is usually an argument made by people who do n't really know the teaching/history of christianity , or any other religion . 
  it 's perfectly fine to be atheist , just keep in mind though that you probably only have a cursory knowledge of religion if you have n't spent any time actually studying them or practicing said religion . 
  so is shit about to go down or not ? 
  i feel like i 've read countless articles like this . 
  i think we can both agree that this argument is retarded . 
  i 'm not wasting anymore of my friday on it , and i doubt you want to either . 
  let 's just agree to disagree . 
  you just need common sense . 
  i love my father , that does n't mean i hate yours . 
   no , but it 's one of those things that leads towards it . 
  it 's not . 
  i can love my country or my family without thinking it is inherently superior to other countries or families . 
  nothing about my feelings towards my people has any impact on other people . 
  if i love my country , that does not mean that i hate other countries at all . 
  it does not effect my opinion towards other countries at all . 
   that does lead to ignorance which leads to prejudice , racism etc. 
  sorry , but this is one of the most ignorant , idiotic , presumptuous sentences i have read in as long as i can remember . 
  if you think having pride leads to hate of others , then maybe you just ca n't handle pride and are to immature for it . 
  i 've read a lot of silly comments , but this ranks among the worst i have ever read . 
  it 's pretty simple for me . 
  i like to see myself as part of something bigger than myself , i see myself as part of a larger community that i care about and take pride . 
  whether it is my family , my city , my state , or my country . 
  i take pride in the larger community of which i am a part of . 
  that 's really all there is to it . 
  i do n't think there is anything evil or ignorant in that either . 
  why would you be if you 're irish ? 
  you would be proud of ireland . 
  what does the british empire and the second reich have to do with ireland ? 
  oh well that sentiment definitely predates the internet . 
  i definitely remember my parents saying stuff about being grateful we were n't born in africa when we were at the dinner table before eating . 
  but yeah , the internet has certainly brought the plight of others into more focus . 
  sorry , i thought you were trying to say we basically knew nothing about the outside world before the advent of the internet . 
  good . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that at all .
