  sometimes being tiny and far away is good thing . 
  that would leave significant capabilities gaps in nato if the us left . 
  it 's not all about how much money you are throwing at your military , but the kinds of capabilities you acquire with that money . 
  nato without the us would have to develop these capabilities from scratch ... that could be prohibitively expensive . 
  is n't macedonia one of the poorest countries in europe ? 
  what about the other countries that have broadly similar amounts of wealth ( or lack thereof ) , are the dorms in those countries in a state of complete disrepair ? 
  should they also stock the shelves in the cafeteria with their own money ? 
  how about replacing pipes , how many 19 year olds know how to do that ? 
  and scraping the mold off the walls ? 
  this is a little bit different then suggesting the floors could use a little mopping . 
  the building clearly needs to be demolished . 
  well at least one of those countries is demanding a death star . 
  yeah there definitely is . 
  i can maybe understand that for the uk and canada due to their proximity to french speakers ( i guess the us does to but we do n't see a lot of people from quebec , i never have ) . 
  the only thing i can really think of is maybe it is a relic in our culture from being an english colony , but since the french helped us in the revolutionary war , even that reason does n't really stand up to scrutiny . 
  at least in the us , when ever people make fun of the french it always kinda feels forced to me . 
  none of us really have a reason to dislike them , so it 's kind of weird why we should dislike them . 
  to be honest , we do n't really hate the french here . 
  that seems more like a media thing . 
  hell , most of the time we talk about france , we are talking about places we would like to go in france . 
  the anti-french sentiment is really trumped up more than it ought to be . 
  it 's talked about , but is n't that prevalent . 
  yeah i did n't see anything suggesting there was another company waiting to swoop in ( although i would n't doubt if there was one . 
  so if its not protectionism , is it `` fuck you '' - ism ? 
  is that even a thing ? 
  i do n't get the connection you are trying to make . 
  i do n't think you get it either . 
  yes , [ ibm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ibm ) is very much so an american company , and is just as iconic as microsoft or coca-cola . 
  you taught me a new word . 
  many thankings !, 
  lol . 
  it looks like if sncf wants to do business in america , they will need to do a 50 state apology tour first . 
  i 'm not sure its worth the effort . 
  if america wo n't buy their trains for something that happened generations ago , someone else will . 
  seems a bit hazy all around ... anyway , thanks for the feedback . 
   also , i send a gentle `` fuck off '' to my fellow countrypeople for acting like this is a national insult . 
  just really . 
  i always thought this was silly . 
  it 's a dispute between one state and a french company . 
  this is something that you would roll your eyes over and maybe utter some curse words under your breath , but there is no reason to bring national dignity into it . 
  it 's not like the governor of maryland burned french flags in the middle of the street or anything . 
  if a foreign government told an american company to fuck off , i might shake my head a little ( maybe , if i cared enough ) , but i would n't pretend like there was some affront to my nation 's honor or anything . 
  a company from my country does n't really represent my country , it just so happens to be located in my country . 
  ah , thanks for expanding on the mineral rights issue . 
  it 's a little complicated for someone who does n't know much about it to figure it all out by reading a 2-3 articles . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for sharing that with me . 
  i have a question regarding another type of subsidization that i am curious about . 
  you mention eads/airbus and boeing . 
  both of airbus and boeing have a commercial component and a defense industry component in their companies . 
  what happens if technology developed in the defense industry part is transferred to the commercial industry part ? 
  is that considered a subsidy , albeit indirectly ? 
  if the two components are not ring fenced from each other , and the government provides funds to develop technology in defense industry part , but that technology makes its way to the commercial part , is n't that in essence the same thing as the government subsidizing the commercial part ? 
  i am not sure if this is standard operating procedures or anything . 
  but if it is not , i can imagine that european companies would have a lot of reasons to complain since america 's government spends significantly more on defense than european governments do , leaving a lot more scope for technology transfers from the defense industry into the commercial industry . 
   seems like local politicians reacting to an outspoken group to me . 
  although i have to say the notion of reparations this far removed in time seem pretty ridiculous . 
  this is pretty much exactly how i feel . 
  i understand some of their concerns , but when is it time to move on ? 
  how long should these companies be held accountable for something that happened decades ago ? 
  so maybe this is n't protectionism ( since i do n't really see another company filling the void ) , but it seems like unnecessary obstructionism to me . 
  yeah it 's clearly extremely stupid , and not well thought out . 
  i swear , some people were just born to throw a bitch fit over anything . 
  ca n't we just sign a contract with a train company without bringing the god damn holocaust into it ? 
  and that is precisely why i am cynical ... thank you for reinforcing my beliefs  . 
   the state-owned soci\u00e9t\u00e9 nationale des chemins de fer fran\u00e7ais ( sncf ) shipped thousands of jews to death camps during the second world war , when france was occupied by german nazi troops . 
  whenever i see stuff like this , the cynic in me suspects that this is thinly veiled protectionism , hiding behind the cloak of human rights . 
  this article does not dissuade my suspicion :  `` until they properly acknowledge their role in the holocaust and take full responsibility , the people of maryland should not allow their tax dollars to be used to help the company expand its business here , '' yet this article also notes that :  the company formally apologized in 2011 what else do they want ? 
  it 's been 7 decades since that happened . 
  how many apologies are in order before they are satisfied ? 
  i am not exactly sure if it is a state by state thing , more so a region by region thing . 
  i am not exactly sure how this works in each instance . 
  however , i read this in a letter to the editor in a recent edition of the economist :  sir -- `` the petrostate of america '' applauded `` america 's example in granting mineral rights to individual landowners , so that the communities most disrupted by fracking are also enriched by it '' ( february 15th ) . 
  ** in fact , the owners of millions of acres of land in america 's west do not own the mineral rights beneath their land , because these rights were either reserved by the federal government or granted to the railroads in the 19th century . 
  **  - sandy blackstone former deputy director for energy and minerals united states bureau of land management parker , colorado [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/letters/21597863-argentina-english-cyprus-congress-artificial-limbs-fracking-switzerland-condoms ) so i do n't think it is that straight forward , and can vary from property to property . 
  i did a little digging , and i came across this q&a article that sheds some light on the nuance of the situation . 
  in this instance , it is a guy asking if he has mineral rights to his property ( actually , it 's his daughter 's property ) :  your daughter should check the deed of conveyance for her title and see if the mineral rights were included or excluded . 
  if they were excluded from the sale many years ago , she might find that her specific deed only conveyed the interest that her seller had in the property but that early last century ( or sometime in the past ) the original developer or owner of the land reserved the mineral rights and that those mineral rights were sold to an oil and gas company , perhaps decades ago . 
  [ source ] ( http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2013-09-29/marketplace/sns-201304262000--tms--realestmctnig-a20130505-20130505_1_mineral-rights-air-rights-gas-company ) so it looks like mineral rights can be sold/transferred independent of the actual land/property . 
  honestly , this subject is beyond my scope of understanding . 
  it looks complicated , and seems to vary quite a lot . 
  i think fracking is definitely something european nations should look into with more of an open mind than in the past . 
  aside from environmental concerns , there are other factors that european nations should consider . 
  this article covers one of the issues , and one of the reasons their us counterparts have embraced fracking :  one reason for that slow pace : property rights . 
  in the u.s. , landowners own the rights to the minerals under their property , says paul stevens , an energy expert at britain 's royal institute of international affairs . 
  if stevens owned a piece of american land and a company wants to drill , he says he 'd be all ears . 
   `` if you discover any shale gas , it 's mine , '' stevens says . 
  `` i get a slab of the action . 
  in europe , the subsoil minerals are the property of the state , not the landowner . 
  so all the benefits and profits go to the governments . '', 
  this article though should be a little more honest . 
  this is true that us americans get a slice of the pie , and it could mean that you become a millionaire over night ... but it is only true in * some * states * . 
  this is certainly not universally true . 
  this article omitted that detail . 
  there are other complications too :  poland , the country that 's been most active in shale gas , has only managed to drill about 50 exploration wells to date , he says . 
  this brings up two points . 
  the first is that the success of the well is highly dependent on local geography . 
  you could have the same amount of gas in poland and north dakota , but the local geography could mean that while the gas from north dakota flows freely and abundantly , the gas in polish soil could be much more difficult to extract . 
  remember , just because you have the gas does not necessarily mean it is easily accessible . 
  from what i 've read so far , this indeed seems to be the case .
