  that is , they have a common attitude that westerns * can * do something when often their options are limited , and they have an attitude that westerns * should * do something when often that is not exactly the case . 
  i really doubt that western europe can do much at all in ukraine . 
  this is an internal issue . 
  the case for western action in ukraine would be much better if there was 90 % or so opposition to the current ruling regime , which there is not . 
  i 'm not even sure if there is 50 % opposition . 
  any intervention in ukraine , i suspect , could end in disaster . 
  i do not think the rest of europe has the desire , or the ability to get into a tug of war match with russia over ukraine . 
  high risk , not a lot of reward . 
   imho the `` right sector '' is a kgb front used to initiate provocations and from time to time bloodshed . 
  honest question . 
  do you actually think the kgb/fsb has any real influence in your country ? 
  if so , what does that influence look like ? 
  i am just asking because when i see stuff like kgb/cia being blamed for stuff , i tend to write it off as a baseless conspiracy ... but you know much more about your country than i do so i am not sure if pointing to kgb influence is just a way to dismiss certain people as kgb agents , or if stuff like that actually happens . 
  are all those * actual * laws ? 
  if so , that 's extremely alarming . 
  if at first you do n't succeed , try , try again ... up the potency of the poison next time . 
  last place i lived had some nearby stray cats as well . 
  i always thought it was hilarious when i 'd go to my car and there would be cat footprints all over it , criss-crossing in every direction . 
  it 's certainly more amusing than giant pigeon shit at least . 
  that 's not a bad idea . 
  first things first though would be to actually have a clothes line to begin . 
  that 's not hard setting up , but when you 're hopelessly lazy like me , minor obstacles can seem impossible to overcome . 
  it is crazy to me too . 
  usually this sort of stuff does n't happen , i imagine you would have to be really fucked up for the hoa to force you to sell your house and move . 
  hoa 's are dicks , and usually occupy their time fining people for having the audacity to park in their driveway , and not the garage . 
  or washing your car on the street since the water run off looks a bit unpleasant . 
  anything ridiculous you can imagine , hoa 's probably do . 
  think about it . 
  the people who work on the hoa boards are usually old , wealthy retired people with nothing better to do than complain about the neighbors and those damned , crazy kids driving too fast through the streets with their music playing loudly . 
  cunts . 
  that 's what they are . 
  if your home was in a neighborhood that had an hoa ( and the hoa had the power to evict , not all do ) , it is a possibility . 
   from the home you just bought ? 
  well you would have to break their rules a bunch of times first . 
  i live in the midwest also . 
  i have never seen anyone line dry their clothes . 
  it may just be habit , or it may have something to do with the weather here being complete shit 340 days out of the year . 
  seriously , it rains every week here . 
  and when it is n't raining , it 's `` polar vortexing '' . 
  if i tried to line dry my clothes anytime between october and march , they would get soaked and then freeze into ice sheets . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'll use the dryer . 
  homeowner 's associations ( hoa ) exist primarily in affluent neighborhoods in order to maintain the value of the homes . 
  so basically anything that can be viewed as unsightly is targeted for their wrath . 
   can they actually do anything to stop people drying clothes outside ? 
  yes , depending on the hoa ( each one is unique ) , they can do a few things . 
  mostly they slap you with fines . 
  some need to be paid immidiately , some are liens against your home that you may or may not even know about until you try and sell your home . 
  some hoa 's can even force eviction if you are non-compliant with their rules and are a serial offender . 
  tl ; dr : they can really fuck you if they want to . 
  no there is not . 
  this comment could n't be more wrong . 
  you might as well have just held up a sign that said `` i have no clue what i 'm talking about '' . 
  just out curiosity , why does it matter that the criticism came from a swede ? 
  would it have mattered as much if it came from a norwegian ? 
  is there any tension between sweden and denmark , or is it mostly just friendly teasing ? 
  is this a serious comment ? 
  edit : this is hilarious . 
  it looks like europeans have their own misperceptions about america . 
  but whatever , those do n't need to be addressed , as long as you can down vote . 
  if this is the case , then why do europeans constantly repeat this refrain as a way of demonstrating their superiority over the us ? 
  if it 's bullshit , why repeat it ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i did not think an article about pigs would stir up such emotions . 
  seriously , who the hell gets riled up over a debate about antibiotics and pigs ? 
  that 's the last thing i would think would summon one 's inner nationalist . 
  if i ever go to denmark , i now know to ridicule them for their use of antibiotics on pigs . 
  i guess that 's a sore subject for them , 
  all europeans are born with an innate mastery of geography . 
  even a gypsy knows far more about the world , and is infinitely more cultured and civilized than the most distinguished and educated american can ever hope to be . 
   you have to pay something toward the cost of care . 
  many american redditors would stare at this sentence with disbelief . 
  they are convinced zero people in the entire continent of europe pay anything towards the cost of healthcare . 
  they think everything in europe is free . 
  people believe what they want to believe . 
  they idolize europe to use as a counterpoint against their own nation 's flaws . 
  why is she yellow ? 
  she should see a doctor , that 's not normal . 
   antibiotics use in animal production is a global problem i 'm not convinced that is the case . 
  there is a reason antibiotics are used in livestock . 
  they would n't be used if they were an detrimental . 
  anyway , this whole debate just seems like an excuse for one person to say `` lol ur country sux '' . 
   i think many danes are thinking `` here we fucking go again '' . 
  that 's understandable . 
  it 's pretty annoying when someone from another country finds a reason , no matter how petty , to try to assert how superior they are to your country . 
  it 's just absurd what people will resort to in order to demonstrate the ways in which they are better than you . 
   `` i participated in about 50 murders , some of them i ordered myself . 
  i knew about an additional 400 to 500 . '', 
  this makes me wonder how many people the mafia kills in italy every year . 
  i would think you would start to run out of targets at a certain point ... unless everyone in italy is in the mob . 
  what is the point of this post ? 
  why did you buy such a piece of shit car ? 
  it sounds like it 's falling apart . 
  are you guys seriously getting in a debate over which country uses less antibiotics on their pigs ? 
  i 've seen a lot of silly debates here over matters of national pride . 
  this one might be the silliest . 
  i understood all of those words , but none of that sentence . 
  the us is doing it 's part . 
  germany just had record sales of luxury vehicles to the us , and is expanding production of chemicals and vehicles there !,
