  i have never heard of colonel blimp before , so i googled him and this sentence was on the wikipedia page :  although low described him as `` a symbol of stupidity '' , he added that `` stupid people are quite nice '' . 
  i am taking the liberty of interpreting your comment as saying i am a nice guy . 
  thanks !, 
   thank  you for some reason that part of the formatting help does n't appear when i use the compact version of reddit for my phone . 
  this is the first time i have used the regular version of reddit in months since i do n't own a computer . 
  everthing looks so strange . 
  edit : actually it is there , i am just a fucking idiot . 
  `` recent newsletters contained reports stating that the eu was changing the definition of an island ; that farmers were no longer allowed to drive tractors ; that the eu was banning yogurt ; that tightrope walkers had to wear hard hats ; and that warning signs would soon be required for mountains , telling climbers that they were high up . 
  `` my own favorite , '' marsh confessed , `` is the sun story from last february saying that women had to hand in their used sex toys . '', 
  this followed an eu directive to promote recycling and stop electrical equipment being dumped in landfill sites . 
  it was intended for goods such as computers or cellphones , but in the mind of one reporter it included vibrators . '', 
  this is an ingenious way to create jobs . 
  an industry revolves around propagating myths , so by necessity a new industry has to be created to counter myths . 
  it would be merely an innocent game though , if it did n't lead to this : `` such journalistic enterprise would be funny , said bell , were there not so much at stake . 
  over the next 18 months , at least 10 eu countries will hold referendums on whether to adopt the new european constitution . 
  britain is due to hold its referendum in 2006 , but the eu is so out of favor with the british public that the commission fears the opinion polls look disastrous . 
  rejection in just one country could send the eu into crisis . '', 
  and this was written 8 years ago . 
  it does n't seem like much has changed . 
  ( on a side note , would anybody mind telling me how to clean up my formatting by aligning my quotes next to that blue vertical line i always see ? 
  i do n't see where it shows how to do that under the `` help '' button that shows all the other formatting . 
  sorry for the shameless plea for help . ), 
  it 's probably because they have a bad history with ghettos . 
  it 's rooted in their conscience not to like them . 
  it had been uncontested for an hour or two when i posted that comment . 
  then again , i probably should have waited a while longer before i added the `` uncontested '' bit since it was such a long post , and hit on several points , that it would have ( and did ) take some time for someone else to adequately present a counter argument that refuted all those points . 
  as for the use of the word `` basher '' , i felt it was appropriate at the time . 
  if you could go back five days ago ( when i made that comment ) there were a few concurrent threads going on that had a number of redditors basically telling britain to fuck off . 
  it was in that context that i chose that word . 
  that song sucked . 
  what about an american ? 
  does a bear shit in the woods ? 
  just so you know , i 'm a gainfully employed american . 
  i was mostly trying to view the situation from the perspective of an unemployed , greek youth . 
  so i 'm not sure if by `` you '' you meant me personally , or the type of greek i was sympathizing with . 
  in general , i agree with you . 
  fair or not , i was just trying to say it would suck seeing foreigners coming to your country to find employment while you were stuck without a job . 
  is n't this the case throughout all of europe ? 
  i thought the entire continent was a parasite 's paradise . 
  a place where a man can finally discard his working boots , and enjoy the fruits of someone else 's labor . 
  an rich ocean where you can barnacle yourself to the state 's hull and never be scraped off . 
  a lush field where you can attach yourself like a tick to the body of the tax payer , and suck it dry until you 've gorged yourself without retribution . 
  is this a misconception ? 
  that 's missing the point . 
  the swedish tourists are still going to greece . 
  why should the greek tourist industry hire swedes just to interact with the swedish tourists ? 
  drinking and redditing is both fun and dangerous . 
  i myself have a habit of getting hammered , then staring into my phone with one eye and a shit eating grin on my face , thinking `` lol , i 'm gon na troll the shit out of this idiot '' . 
  waking up the next day and seeing a bunch of angry yellow messages kind of makes you feel like an asshole . 
  whatever . 
  no worries . 
  it 's reddit after all . 
  who says you ca n't have a little fun insulting people ? 
  i wonder how well this will go over with locals . 
  it ca n't feel good being an unemployed greek and watching swedes get hired in your country to entertain other swedes who are partying in your country while you sit there wondering how you will get through the month in your own country . 
  i know they were all born in europe . 
  that 's why i listed them . 
  you seemed to insinuate that all immigrants to america were unfit castaways . 
  i was trying to show that some of the best european minds left europe for america . 
  clearly these men were n't shitty europeans unfit for glorious europe . 
  i know my country ( in fact my continent and the continent below me ) are named after an italian explorer . 
  thanks for the history lesson bro . 
  oh mitso , do you know what [ gallows humor ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallows_humor ) is ? 
  if not , you seem to have an affinity for it . 
  that was both depressing and hilarious . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  that article was revealing , but hardly surprising . 
  it 's pretty self evident that maintaining control relies heavily on the creation of the illusion that you have control in the first place . 
  i just think it 's becoming far too difficult maintain the illusion that all is well when every indicator of `` wellness '' is showing the opposite . 
  at some point these chuckle heads are going to lose all credibility ... if they have n't already . 
  does it make you feel like an adult when you lol at americans ? 
  did you think you were gon na impress your fellow europeans by dismissing an american ? 
  does your heart fill with pride when you insult someone across the atlantic ? 
  there 's probably a few , but i doubt they 're in the top five . 
  or top fifty . 
  or top one hundered . 
  yeah you 're right there 's zero . 
  only in belgium was it the most popular . 
  give it a few more years . 
  it 's quite easy to find a way . 
  here 's one way : it is so difficult and confusing to use our units , that you have yo be damn near a genius to figure them out . 
  therefore , americans are smarter than everyone else because know ( kind of ) how to do conversions with our units . 
  that 's the only way you can take pride in them . 
  nobody believes that though . 
  we all know our units suck . 
  you failed to mention soda companies . 
  they made the switch . 
  hence coke and pepsi products being sold in 1 and 2 liter bottles . 
  fuck yeah , we 're half way there . 
  '' `` the euro zone may be heading for a recovery , but not a credit-fuelled one , '' said berenberg economist christian schulz '' nor is it a reduction in debt , deficits , emigration from the worst effected countries , foreclosures , unemployment , businesses shutting down type of recovery . 
  it is also not a rising gdp type of recovery . 
  so what kind of recovery is it ? 
  `` the more upbeat assessment has doused hopes of any further cuts in interest rates but * most economists think the economy will contract overall this year * . '', 
  oh , so it 's a deepening of the recession type of recovery . 
  that must be new type of recovery . 
  i wonder if it 's as good as the more traditional type of recovery ? 
  `` pierre moscovici , the finance minister , said the comments by mr sapin were `` inappropriate '' '' what that really means is `` shut the hell up !, 
  we 're tring to fool the germans here ! '', 
  alright merkel , it 's time to bust out that check book . 
  you 've got another child that is knocking on the door , asking if he can move back in .
