   by contrast there is no such thing as independent local news in america ughh . 
  you might as well have raised a flag that said `` i have no idea what i am talking about '' . 
  every state , every city , and almost every town in the us has a local , independent newspaper and usually its own local news channels . 
  being on / r/europe is a sisyphean task . 
  there is more myth than facts about the us here , and oddly european redditors tend to down vote americans who correct their misconceptions , favoring their own distorted narrative over the truth . 
  fun times . 
   extreme poverty there compared to what i 've seen in europe . 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  `` extreme poverty '' is almost non-existent in the us . 
  unless you consider only owning one car and not having cable tv to be `` extreme poverty '' . 
  poverty metrics in countries are measured relatively , so that poor in the us is not the same as poor in mexico . 
  c'mon , you should know this . 
  where europeans get the idea that there is systemic , `` extreme poverty '' in the us a mystery to me . 
  the sad thing is about the unemployment measurement the us uses ( in this case , the u3 index ) , is that is the customary way of measuring unemployment that most countries use . 
  so if 6 % is low for the actual number , all those countries with 20 % unemployment has to be considered a low-ball estimate as well . 
  * * this gets a little murky when it is common practice in some european countries to work off the books , so the lower estimate may actually be balanced by the people who work but are not registered as working . 
  nonetheless , my point still stands that the figure the us uses is calculated the same way elsewhere in the world . 
   alice lyman miller defines a superpower as '' * a country * that has the capacity to project dominating power see that europoors ?!? 
  alice here ( clearly the authority of what defines a superpower ) says it has to be a country , not a union of countries , to be considered a superpower . 
  glory will never be yours again !, 
  does the vatican count as foreign policy ? 
  in case of paywall : angela merkel has a favourite mantra to offer troubled euro-zone countries : they should copy germany . 
  as she put it last autumn : `` what we have done , everyone else can do . '' fifteen years ago , the chancellor 's analysis goes , her country was widely regarded as the sick man of europe . 
  then it opted for fiscal austerity , cut labour costs and embraced structural reforms , turning it into an economic powerhouse . 
  the gap between germany and southern countries in the euro zone is indeed wide . 
  its economy is growing faster than most of theirs ; youth unemployment in germany is at a 20-year low , whereas it remains at record highs in spain and greece ; and the german budget is in surplus , even as france , italy and spain struggle to hit deficit targets fixed in brussels . 
  [ economic reform , 2011-2012 ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/print-edition/20140426_ldc147.png ) when it comes to fiscal prudence , mrs merkel is a paragon . 
  indeed , this newspaper wishes she were a little less austere , and spent more to boost europe 's demand . 
  but on structural reform , her record is weak . 
  the credit for germany 's rebound should really go to the `` agenda 2010 '' reforms started by her predecessor , gerhard schr\u00f6der , in 2003 . 
  since then mrs merkel has had the odd flourish -- she bravely raised the normal retirement age to 67 in her first term -- but overall germany comes a lowly 28th out of 34 countries ranked by the oecd in terms of reforms since the financial crisis hit . 
  the germans have an obvious riposte to this : southern europeans had a lot of ground to make up . 
  less easy to explain is the fact that mrs merkel 's `` grand coalition '' government is now actually heading backwards , increasing the burden on german business [ ( see article ) ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21601312-indulging-her-social-democratic-coalition-partners-angela-merkel-risks-turning-germany ) . 
  three examples illustrate the trend . 
  on pensions , instead of continuing to raise the retirement age , the government is actually cutting it for certain workers to 63 or even , in extreme cases , to 61 . 
  second , it is introducing a national minimum wage at a relatively high level , which is likely to lead to job losses , especially in the east . 
  and finally , mrs merkel 's energiewende ( energy change ) is not only eating up huge sums in subsidies for renewables , but also saddling german companies with electricity prices nearly three times as high as america 's . 
  none of these things will cripple the german juggernaut in the short term . 
  you can even make the argument that by pushing up german costs and increasing wages , mrs merkel is indirectly helping her euro-zone partners . 
  but there are many less harmful ways for her to do that . 
  if she had wanted to push ahead , plenty of areas -- energy , retailing and professional services , where germany has some of the oecd 's most protectionist regulations -- are ripe for reform . 
  ** not north v south but reform v laggard ** europe 's biggest economy is backsliding , and that sets a terrible example . 
  consider another big laggard in terms of reform : france . 
  only two years ago the germans were rightly indignant when the newly elected french president , fran\u00e7ois hollande , had the temerity to cut the pension age for certain workers . 
  now that mrs merkel is doing the same , why should mr hollande pay any attention ? 
  one popular narrative in the euro saga is that it has pitched virtuous , hard-working and thrifty northerners against feckless , indolent and profligate southerners . 
  the north has certainly done better during the crisis . 
  like germany , the netherlands , the baltics and the scandinavians did more to reform their economies and improve competitiveness in the years before it broke . 
  but since then the reform momentum has been much stronger in mediterranean countries . 
  even italy and france , under two new youthful prime ministers , matteo renzi and manuel valls , are talking up the reform cause . 
  that is exposing the weakness not just of germany but also of several other countries . 
  in the netherlands , for instance , there has been almost no reform lately , consumers are burdened by debt and growth has all but stopped . 
  even in scandinavia , usually europe 's star performer , things are not looking as good as they were : growth has slowed in denmark and finland , which may soon lose its aaa credit rating , and there are signs of a reversal of reforms in some places . 
  these countries ' leaders need to remember that the pursuit of greater competitiveness is not a one-off affair but a continuous process . 
  too often in the past two decades european governments have responded to crisis by pushing through painful changes , only to lapse into complacency as soon as they show results . 
  nor is it enough to be competitive only within europe . 
  there is another mantra mrs merkel likes to repeat to her colleagues : europe accounts for 7 % of the world 's population , 25 % of gdp and 50 % of social-welfare spending . 
  germany 's current course will exacerbate that problem . 
  * note : if anyone wants me to copy and paste the linked article if you can not view it , let me know *, 
  you forgot the all important obesity index . 
  i like how so many of those comments are demanding for the us and europe to leave ukraine ... neither of those countries have soldiers in the country while russia does , and has just annexed part of ukraine . 
  are people really so stupid they actually believe their own propaganda ? 
  sigh . 
  i 'm not one for predicting imminent doom and gloom . 
  i could easily say `` many experts predict the collapse of the eurozone , lol yurop is fucked '' . 
  but that 's meaningless speculation . 
  anyway , i hope when my country collapses i will move to greece and all my financial worries will go away . 
  also , the eu has a similar total gdp as the us , but with several hundred million more people . 
  we do with 300 million people what the europoors do with 500 million people . 
  it 's all how you look at the stats !, 
  we ca n't . 
  burgers and pizza are just too damn good . 
  i think predicting the demise of america is your favorite past-time . 
  which is kind of odd since i am pretty sure you live in the us . 
  reducing unemployment is an extremely difficult problem , otherwise it would have been solved as opposed to getting worse in a number of countries . 
  unless of course you mean it can be solved by inventing a new statistic that hides unemployment , then it 's easy . 
  well put . 
  it 's the narcissism of minor differences . 
  arguing about the relatively small things that separate us and ignoring the majority that we have in common . 
  i guess it 's not much of a surprise that my country does this the most with the country we have most in common : canada . 
  i totally agree with everything you just said . 
  i 'm glad you 're able to see the bigger picture and recognise the peculiarities of the world we live in . 
  as always , your comments are very insightful . 
  that 's not exactly common around here . 
  thank you for that thoughtful response . 
  that zeit link was pretty exceptional , i 've never seen anything like that before . 
  i guess it seems like there is a mentality within germany about privacy that does n't seem to exist that extant in other countries . 
  i 'm not sure if this makes germany unusual , or just a little more conscientious about some things . 
  from the outside , without knowing all that , it makes germany 's reaction to all these spying scandals hard to understand . 
   there 's been extensive coverage of gchq as well . 
  dgse has seen less coverage because those were nsa leaks , so there has n't been much to publish about what the french are doing . 
  i feel like an idiot for not even thinking about it . 
  that 's a pretty damn obvious explanation . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
   i 'm very interested in where you 're finding all these good paying jobs in il peoria . 
  pretty much every male you meet here under the age of 30 is an engineer at caterpillar or komatsu . 
  both of these companies also have plenty of other positions not requiring an engineering degree that pay well also . 
  almost everyone i know is making around $ 70k/yr and we are all around 25-28 . 
   i do n't get home that often but from what i 've heard people have been leaving the state in droves until recently this is possible . 
  however , everything i have read about people leaving illinois has little to do with the economy , and much more to do with higher taxes relative to other states ( and fucking horrible weather ) .
