  i thought it was kind of odd that you mentioned the political party that could take a u-turn with poland 's foreign policy . 
  i can understand their anti-russian stance , but i was surprised that you mentioned their stance with germany . 
  i was kind of hoping that after poland had been a member of the eu and nato alongside germany that those suspicions , and wounds would heal . 
  i guess i did n't suspect that germanophobia would gain much traction in poland . 
  i guess that sort of past is difficult to move on from even after a few generations . 
  anyway , thanks for letting me pick your brain . 
  i appreciate the thought you put into your replies . 
  too be honest , a lot of people naively believe that the government is capable of , and should be tasked to , swoop into any individual 's life , solve all their problems , and turn them into productive members of society . 
  although noble , it is essentially impossible . 
  the best you can do is help keep them off the streets , and living as decent a life * as possible * . 
  there are some people who just ca n't be fixed . 
  on a side note , two of my roommates are social workers . 
  one of my roommates tells me stories of some of her clients who are truly irredeemable . 
  she has tons of these stories too . 
  father is in jail , mother is a drug addict with 7 or 8 kids . 
  kids get given to the grandma . 
  grandma takes them on rides where they sit in the car while she sucks dick for crack . 
  it 's such a fucking waste , and a damn tragedy . 
  when you hear shit like this , you can understand how poverty becomes generational . 
  those kids grow up fucked up and repeat the cycle . 
  i honestly do n't know how cycles like that can be broken , other than forced sterilization ( when the mothers continue to pump out kids they ca n't take care of ) , or removing all the kids from them ( which happens * all * the time ) . 
  sigh ... life is fucked up . 
  sometimes there 's just not a lot you can do about it . 
   it definitely helps that unlike the rest of europe , poland did n't go into recession . 
  so if there is a time when poland should start catching up with the bigger european armies , it is now . 
  we are a country of almost 40 million people , and our foreign and defence policies should reflect that . 
  do you think that if poland modernizes , and expands its military that this will warrant it more influence in eu ? 
  what about national prestige ? 
  i do n't want to offend you here , but poland is still kind of viewed as a wounded nation . 
  do you think in a few years poland can shake this image , and instead be viewed as a confident , competent power as opposed to a tragic victim ? 
  what about the national psyche of poland ? 
  do you see the citizens of poland becoming more proud of their own nation if it can evolve into a respectable power ? 
   what i do n't like in polish mentality is the chronic fear of russia . 
  there is absolutely no chance russia would invade members of the eu/nato . 
  yet , we act like the invasion is approaching . 
  i can understand that mentality . 
  poland will eventually need to move past that , but poland will never be able to change its geography , so it will always be close to russia . 
  maybe a little vigilance is n't so bad . 
  do you think recent events reinforce this view among the polish elite ? 
  the plane crash in smolensk , and its aftermath , certainly did n't help improve the image of russia in the minds of the polish . 
  this article also references russia 's rearmament , and subsequent posturing in the area . 
  that also does n't help poland lose its fear of russia . 
   what are the countries that nato/eu/west intervened in that they should n't have ? 
  if it 's iraq , then i agree with you , we should not do that in the future . 
  if it 's afghanistan , then it 's debatable . 
  it can be seen as a justified intervention , but it was not conducted with enough care and resources . 
  if it 's libya , then it was vital for european security to intervene there , and obviously it was sanctioned by the un on humanitarian grounds . 
  so overall , i would say that going back to territorial defence would not be the best choice for nato . 
  instead , there should be more effort put into planning and carrying out tasks in the european neighbourhood when our vital security interests are at stake . 
   and secondly , reputation and security do not always go hand in hand , and policy-makers are forced to make difficult decisions . 
  the west is criticised for not doing enough to stop the syrian crisis , but if they did do something more robust , they would be criticised by others for getting involved . 
  it 's a tough job for policy-makers . 
  i actually agree with pretty much everything you said here . 
  i was kind of playing my cards cautiously in my initial comment because i know the issue is very contraversial . 
  so in that light , it seems like you think that europe not only needs to protect its borders , but also secure its sphere of influence in north africa , and the middle east . 
  those are very volatile areas , but intervening in those countries is always risky , and not a lot of countries agree with that stance ( or at least that 's my impression ) . 
  do you think there is enough common ground among european countries to agree that north africa and the middle east should be viewed as vital to their own national security ? 
  i think any sort of expansion of nato 's sphere of influence to include its neighboring areas would be very difficult to get all the european countries to agree on . 
  and a final question ( sorry , feel free not to answer any/all of these ) . 
  where do you think poland will be by the end of 2020 ? 
  do you see it in the same position among the other european powers , or do you see it climbing up the latter to be a top 5 power ? 
  how long have those been around ? 
  a few of my freinds studied abroad in barcelona in 2006 or 2007 , and they did n't mention those cannabis clubs at all . 
  and believe me , if they knew they were there , they would paid a visit to those shops a time or two . 
  as much shit as us city folk give the rural folk , they sure are nice people . 
  at least the ones i 've met . 
  plus there is another stereotype about rural folk that is broadly true in the us . 
  that 's gun country . 
  i know it sounds silly , but when i visit my brother in rural texas i get super excited . 
  driving around on atv 's , drinking whiskey and beer , shootin ' at whatever the hell you feel like . 
  spend a few days doing that and you could understand how a guy could get real used to that way of life . 
  it 's just the fact that you can brag to other people about how many countries you 've been to . 
  it 's make you appear to be all worldly and shit ... if you care about that sort of stuff . 
  that 's a generous definition of europe !, 
  i was n't too far off . 
  last year i moved from phoenix , arizona to troy , michigan . 
  judging from that map , it looks like travelling from the western half of france , to either minsk or moscow ( i ca n't really tell , because that part of the map has overlapping borders and a number of rivers so it is kind of clustered with lines ) . 
  that took me about 3 days for that trip . 
  and that is not even driving coast to coast . 
  you europeans are rather lucky in terms of the density of countries . 
  for a lot of people here , it is a 1-3 day drive to the nearest country , or an ocean away . 
  i wish i had countries in every direction i can easily drive to . 
  and you guys make fun of us because so few ` muricans have passports ... all the other countries are so far away from us !!, 
  ha ha . 
  yeah i 've looked at a map . 
  i was kind of being facetious . 
  i 've just had friends tell me that they took a train in europe and were able to cross a few countries in a day . 
  i am not expecting to be able to go from lisbon to kiev in one day . 
  more like paris to berlin . 
  i guess those are the distances i was talking about . 
  i still have no idea if that trip can be done in a day though . 
  those countries just look so damn small on a map !, 
  they 're probably much bigger than i realize . 
  but hey , that 's the perception i get . 
  i really do n't know what to tell you . 
  that sucks . 
  i know of one person who lives at home , and he is a loser that has n't worked in years . 
  i guess i do n't know how stuff works over there , but the only people older than 20 living at home do so out of choice , or lazyness . 
  i moved out at 18 and never looked back . 
  housing and apartments are easy to find , and relatively cheap .
