   but you just said yourself how there were tons of booths registering people for same day voters on campus . 
  if i said that , i must not have chosen my words carefully . 
  the booths were there for a month running up to the final day . 
  so they were registering same day voters on the final day , but you could have registered for an entire month before that . 
   you had also had some states specifically targeting early voting based pretty around dates historically used by black churches for voting drives ( if this was n't intentional ... it seemed awfully coincidental ) . 
  i believe either the us attorney general , or the supreme court has a list of states that are forbidden from modifying their voting requirements for this reason . 
  most of these ( actually , all of them ) states are in the south . 
  it 's kind of sad that those states still have a watchdog to prevent them from shenanigans , but i guess they deserve it . 
  this part of your text is the crux of the problem though :  what you really need to look at is why are these changes needed ? 
  are they needed ? 
  are they arbitrary ? 
  does someone have something to gain from them ? 
  who is losing out ? 
  who is voting on them . 
  you are right in that those are the key questions to ask , but not everyone would answer the same way , and a lot of the reasons people have are personal convictions that are not easily changed , nor is anyone specifically right or wrong . 
  anyway , there is an interesting debate to be had with all this . 
  i actually had to check the thread we were in because of how off an a tangent you and i have gone . 
  it 's funny that two people can get into a discussion regarding the nuances of us state voting requirements in a thread about ireland recovering from recession . 
  anyhow , i enjoyed the discussion . 
   basically attempts to limit same-day registration , registration in general , id laws , and absentee voting i do n't see how any of these impact young voters more so than other voters . 
  limiting same-day registration is silly , but anyone who really wants to vote will register earlier . 
  as for id laws , it is difficult for me to believe that this adversly effects young or minorities . 
  everytime this comes up on the news , people make a big stink out of it . 
  i think it is overblown since id 's are pretty much necessary for anyone to do anything , and id 's are cheap . 
  you can also request these for free in many states ( obviously not driver 's licenses , but state id 's ) . 
  as for absentee voting , once again i think this is overblown . 
  i voted in the last presidential election via an absentee ballot ( i was 25 , not sure how young you have to be in order to be considered a young voter ) , and it was painless . 
  made a phone call , and a few days later i got a package in the mail with the postage paid for to mail in my ballot . 
  from the link you posted , it does n't really explain what `` restrictive id laws '' are . 
  i assume they mean `` need a photo id '' . 
  it also shows that 41 out of 50 states have passed some sort of similar measure , so i ca n't draw a republican/democrat divide over that issue . 
  i personally have no problems with needing an id , and almost every counter argument i have seen is rooted in sensationalism . 
  the only cases i have seen where those laws had adverse effects were related to elderly people that have had their driver 's license taken due to safety concerns . 
  that 's unfortunate , but there are still ways to acquire an id if need be . 
  honestly , if anyone cares enough about voting , it is simple to do . 
  same-day registration effects those who waited until the last day , the other restrictions are easy to overcome . 
  i do not see any group targeted more than others besides the lazy . 
  i know that is an unpopular stance , but that is my opinion based on my experiences . 
   in the u.s. there are also restrictions that make it harder for college students to vote ( largely pushed by republicans trying to get younger , more liberal , voters to not vote ) . 
  what exactly do these restrictions look like ? 
  i am asking this because when i went to college in arizona , before every state and national elections , there were booths all over the place getting people to register to vote . 
  i also voted on campus a number of times . 
  i graduated in 2009 so i am not sure if much has changed . 
  but i experienced the polar opposite of restrictions . 
  in fact , the process of registering and voting as a college student was much easier than it is for me to do the same when not in college . 
  i am not saying you are wrong . 
  it may vary state to state , and i remember some mumblings about a movement to make it harder to register to vote for a college student ( i.e. 
  make them register the same way everyone else does , and do not provide special services on campus ) , but these measures never came to pass . 
   how about wealth disparity or social mobility or my non-academic measure , if you where going to be reincarnated ( you do n't know what socio-economic level you 're family will have ) , where would you want to be born , for me it certainly would be the eu , hell even my own country would be a good pick , yes it is shitty , corrupt and basically poor , but i 'd pick it , because the future is extremely bright even for the poorest of my countrymen , ** can you say the same ? 
  ** yes . 
  you idiot . 
  wow . 
  oops . 
  sorry for the fuck up . 
  that 's completely different from where i live . 
  lot 's people do their shopping on sunday . 
  i do . 
  it 's a lucrative day for every business . 
  when i had part time jobs , i always worked sundays . 
  i made more money . 
  i 've never heard of people not getting paid for months . 
  i could understand that considering what you said . 
  why would n't they be able to be open on sundays ? 
  if they were open on sundays , people would shop there . 
  if they were open one more day a week , that is one more day of profits . 
  shit , sunday can be one of the busiest days of the week . 
  plus , if a worker wants to work an extra day to bring home more money , why make that illegal ? 
  that fact you just cited hides the real issue in the europe , and you know it . 
  the gross debt is 85.9 % as you mentioned , but that is averaging all the debt of the nations in the eu . 
  what is also disingenous about that that number is the eu is not in a crisis . 
  the eurozone is ( and you also know this ) , and it 's debt/gdp ratio currently sits at 92.2 % . 
  what should be more alarming is the debt/gdp ratios of the crisis countries . 
  germanies debt does n't matter at all . 
  but italy 's , greece 's , portugal etc. . . that is what matters . 
  all it takes is for one of those countries to go tits up and all of the sudden you have whispers and rumors of a full on break up . 
  greece : 160.5 % italy : 130.3 % portugal : 127.2 % ireland : 125.1 % so where the us debt/ratio is worse than the eu as a whole , only a fool would conclude that europe 's debt situation is n't as bad . 
  for some countries , it is much , much worse . 
  and by the way , what the hell is the point of gloating one way or another ? 
  we 're both pissing in the same pot here , and neither situation on either side of the pond is good . 
  all those debt/gdp ratios are horrifying . 
   lawmakers voted wednesday in favor of legislation allowing department stores to open on seven sundays during the year and smaller , independent shops the right to open every sunday . 
  earlier rules kept most stores closed . 
  wow . 
  how gracious of lawmakers to `` allow '' department stores to open on seven sundays ( yes , a grand total of seven sundays per year ) , and `` allow '' independent shops to open every sunday . 
  why the hell is the government even involved in dictating to a god damn * independent * business when it can , and can not operate ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the government does n't deserve a pat on the back for `` allowing '' businesses to do anything . 
  this intrusive regulation should have never existed in the first place . 
  and why do department stores only get 7 sundays ? 
  what an arbitrary number . 
  why not as many sundays as they damn well please ? 
  does n't it seem a bit silly to invent a language , and force other people to use it , simply to prevent the uk from having `` disproportiate advantages '' ? 
  i ca n't imagine why re-inventing the wheel would be better than simply taking a language off the shelf and using that as the lingua franca . 
  especially since there already is a language that is the de-facto lingua franca . 
   there ought to be a point in this wretched saga when it is clear to the victim states , if it is not clear already , that solidarity rhetoric from the northern powers is contemptible deception , that the north still refuses to accept its joint responsibility for capital and trade imbalances that lie behind the emu debacle , and still refuses to recognise that excess northern savings flooded club med , with the complicity of the european central bank . 
   there is condign retort to the creditor cartel . 
  the peoples of southern europe could at any time choose to form their own debtors ' cartel and turn the tables . 
   they could confront the creditors with a stern ultimatum . 
  either you change the entire structure of emu crisis policy , agree to a reflation strategy and accept your share of the clean-up costs for this collective disaster or we repudiate out debts . 
   either you meet us half way or we take long-overdue steps to protect our societies against mass unemployment and to protect our industrial base .
