  yeah that was a totally unnecessary jab . 
  swedes ( and europeans in general ) seem to think everything about a country can be captured in 2-3 oecd charts , it 's strange . 
  i would n't move to sweden because i saw a chart about gini coefficients , that 's just silly . 
  the us has a million intangibles about it that make it kick ass that are n't captured in charts . 
  pretty much any other country would be a massive downgrade compared to the us in my opinion . 
  it seems like some of the worst articles to read about a country are the ones where a foreigner is visiting and gives his casual observations . 
  i just keep that in mind when i read articles like this . 
  since i have read many similar ones about my own country that seem laughable and ridiculous having lived here my whole life . 
  it 's like people go to countries just to found out the negative things about it , and that 's all they write about . 
  no wonder a lot of people ( who have never been to sweden ) think sweden is a distopia now . 
  when i read these articles , i just try to think `` 99 % of this is probably overblown bullshit '', 
  your comment , coupled with that song , is comedic genius . 
  well done , you made me laugh and cry i 'm not even halfway through my morning coffee . 
  it seems like you , and every other person in this thread is completely missing the point . 
  he is not suggesting that sweden is dying or dead . 
  he is suggesting that sweden 's never ending generosity might be coming to an end soon . 
  fair enough . 
  sorry , the way you worded your previous comment seemed to suggest that your friends did n't have a partner at all in their lives . 
  i just misunderstood you . 
  do you think women only had children because the men wanted them to ? 
  well are any of those women married ? 
  you make it seem like all of your female friends do n't have a make partner that could help . 
  well north korea hates everyone , so that just means your country is normal . 
  and no country can really be isolationist anymore , especially large powerful ones . 
  turkey is a pretty powerful country , especially so in that region . 
  and i think it is much better for a country to be engaged with it 's neighbors ( especially when half off them are in chaos ) . 
  it 's better to shape events/countries in ways that benefit the national interests of your countries , than to do nothing and let outside events/countries shape your country . 
  basically , i think it 's better to be proactive in your region than reactive . 
  being proactive gives your country much more control . 
   we would n't get involved in anything related with middle eas i 'm sure that sounds nice , but it 's impossible . 
  it seems pretty disingenuous to even suggest that 's possible , and it 's definitely naive . 
  how could turkey possibley avoid getting involved in issues with its neighbors ? 
  oh go fuck yourself . 
  cardinals are winning it all next year . 
  that 's really cool . 
  i 'm a cardinals fan myself since i was born and raised in arizona . 
  it 's just kinda funny to me seeing someone from poland having that kind of knowledge from seattle . 
  i 'm surprised you 've even heard of the city . 
  are you a seahawks or a cardinals fan ? 
  how did you pick your team ? 
  9/11 happened . 
  you used to be able to go over with just a driver 's license . 
  to be fair , i went to canada a few years ago , and the process of getting in took about 2 minutes . 
  it was a simple `` state your business for coming here , how long will you be here , enjoy your stay in canada '' procedure . 
  fair enough . 
  you made some good points . 
  i understand that . 
  but that does n't help anyone with the immediate crisis on hand . 
  it 's like being on the titanic an hour after you hit the iceburg . 
  while the ship is listing and taking on water fast , some people are arguing over what bastard is to blame for the ship sinking , while everyone else is trying to figure out how to bail out the water or get to the life rafts . 
  there is plenty of time for arguing about us meddling in the middle east later . 
  but when you 're knee deep in shit because of a refugee crisis , that is hardly relevant * now * . 
  there 's no point in wasting time pointing fingers about an event that happened well over five years ago . 
  that might as well be an eternity at this point . 
  you may not think it 's anything to respect , but i do and so do many others . 
  reminds me of the jfk quote `` we do these things not because they are easy , but because they hard '' . 
  taking the easy way out and running away is rarely celebrated as virtuous , and the world would be a much worse place if more people thought like you . 
  and how is this information going to be used to stop migrants coming in ? 
  how is this information going to help you with the migrants already there . 
  you 're arguing yesteryear 's crisis , not the one occurring now, 
   the eu refugee crisis now is a direct consequence of usa military misadventures in the middle east then . 
  and how does that information change the facts on the ground now ? 
  europe is dealing with a massive influx of refugees . 
  debating the source of the refugees is n't gon na fix anything the problem of teeming in masses in european cities ? 
  and it was n't just american involvement in iraq that caused this . 
  there was the whole arab spring that swept everywhere from the maghreb to the levant . 
  this situation would have come about anyway . 
  instead of wasting time ranting about the us , the citizens of europe would be better serviced using that time to debate what the hell they are going to do with all the refugees they have pouring in now . 
  yup . 
  all it took was 15 minutes before someone left a turd like this in my inbox . 
  try to focus on the topic at hand instead of going on a rant about the us . 
  that ship sailed long ago . 
  it 's time to deal with the reality now instead of whining about a war that 's been over for several years now . 
  so essentially any solution would violate their human rights , and it would take far too long to ever change the definitions/parameters of what constitutes human rights . 
  i say be bold and kick them out regardless of what the un thinks . 
  let international outcry happen , and let the historians crucify you later . 
  but in the meantime , something immediate must be done , and that is more important than getting lambasted by the media . 
  europe is once again learning the necessity of `` dirty work '' so to speak . 
  it 's not nice , nor is it pretty , but it must be done nonetheless . 
  ignore the critics , for they offer nothing anyway . 
  that 's basically famine rations, 
  it 's more than people `` do n't realise '' culture is more than just food and language , it 's that people `` are basically forbidden to acknowledge '' that culture is more than that . 
  culture is the single most important thing that dictates what kind of person someone will become . 
  since culture is basically coterminous with race , we refuse to acknowledge the negative impacts that culture can have on an individual . 
  since culture is basically a proxy of race , saying someone 's culture is dogshit is one degree removed from saying their race is dogshit . 
  our modern culture ( by `` our '' i mean the west ) seems to think `` being not racist '' is the apex of human achievement . 
  we want refugees in our countries because they are basically human trophies in a trophy rack . 
  the more refugees a country has , the more they can turn around and demonstrate to the world how open minded they are . 
  we are far more concerned with collecting progressive merit badges than we are about our own security or future . 
  i just do n't understand ... if you go to another person 's home , be it a house or their town/country , you are supposed to behave yourself much better than you would in your own home . 
  you are supposed to act like guests , and treat your hosts as well as you treat family . 
  i always thought that everyone knew this , that is was a universal , human trait . 
  and now we are seeing story after story , video after video of these refugees spitting in the faces of their hosts . 
  how do they have the audacity to behave this way ? 
  they act like fucking animals . 
  this is ridiculuous . 
  are they so different that they actually need classes that tell them `` raping , beating , killing , and stealing from your host that is providing you food , money , and shelter is not considered good manners in europe '' ? 
   it 's a cancer that needs to disappear and as romanians , we are lucky it has n't reached us yet . 
  keep this in mind the next time someone from a wealthier country looks down upon you and your people , and calls you backwards . 
  tell them to take their `` enlightened '' ideas and shove them up their ass .
