  they are not inventing anything new . 
  jesus never once said killing non believers was a religious duty . 
  mohammed personally led dozens of military campaigns and tells his followers under what circumstances they must kill non believers as an order from god . 
  so not like the new testament at all, 
  no the koran clearly lays out conditions of not only when you kill , but when you have a religious commandant directly from god to kill . 
  you are wrong over and over again, 
  isis 's ideology is a strict interpretation of the koran . 
  it is the literal interpretation of the koran . 
  there is a near perfect fit between isis and islamic values . 
  it is the closest mirror of islamic values . 
  lra is the religion of one man , and none of what he does is derived from scripture , unlike isis . 
  you also ca n't do that with christianity . 
  no where in the new testament does jesus instruct people to murder in the name of god . 
  mohammed not only tells his people to do that , but devotes an entire chapter to war and the spoils of war ( al-anfal ) . 
  this is the crux of the difference . 
  mohammed was a straight up warlord , who viewed war as a divine commandment from god . 
  i no of no other religion that has this element as a bedrock of its faith . 
  and many more that say what they are doing is the direct commandment of god . 
   and the religious right in the us ( basically a christian mirror of isis ) oh boy . 
  i did n't know the religious right was beheading people and putting it on youtube . 
  nor creating their own army and waging civil war within their own countries . 
  or executing people who were n't christians . 
  your comment is dripping with idiocy . 
  like this gem :  the problem with this article is that it conflates two completely unrelated things , ( 1 ) islam and ( 2 ) religious extremism . 
  they are inherently intertwined . 
  1 is directly related with 2 , and 2 is directly related with 1 . 
  the lra is anything but christian . 
  it 's leader is a self proclaimed prophet . 
  no christian would believe or assert that anyone who came after jesus is a prophet , let alone anoint themselves one . 
  you can not call yourself a prophet , and a christian . 
  those two are diametrically opposed to one another . 
  this is a bizarre line of thought . 
  it assumes all religions have this built in trajectory where after x amount of years , they develop the same traits . 
  plus , 1500 years is still plenty of time to reform a faith into a more palatable one . 
  what will 6 more centuries accomplish that would n't have come about in the last 15 centuries ? 
  terrorism and islam have a lot to do with each other . 
  the ideology of isis , al qaeda , boka haram etc. . . are rooted in koranic scripture and view their actions as direct commandments from god . 
   was catholicism considered a problem when the kkk was around ? 
  terrible example . 
  the kkk was anti catholic , just as it was anti jew and anti black . 
  you 're just grasping for straws at this point . 
  there is a high correlation between islam and terrorism , that is a fact . 
   her policy decision was undoubtedly correct how can you say that ? 
  her policy has led to chaos . 
  mayors in major german cities say they are unable to cope with the huge influx of refugees . 
  other countries are unilaterally enforcing border controls and are rejecting quotas . 
  tens of thousands more refugees are surging into europe on a weekly basis , even more so after she announced her policy . 
  it is not `` undoubtedly correct '' . 
  it is undoubtedly an unmitigated disaster . 
  i wonder how that mindset got so established in sweden as opposed to elsewhere . 
  how did the idea of wiping out swedish-ness ever get popular there ? 
  why would any swede support that ? 
   because your wages are dirt-low our wages are often among the highest in the world . 
   employers do n't have to pay for any benefits . 
  yes ... yes they do . 
  in fact , that is one of the highest costs for an employer . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  nobody thought of next week , let alone winter, 
  i imagine that would get prohibitively expensive almost immediately . 
  thank god for the atlantic . 
  you do n't have to target with just police . 
  you can do it with policy and public outreach or education, 
  i think we can both agree on that, 
  there are two basic reasons for this : 1 ) it is simple demographic information . 
  just like if you look up a country on wikipedia , it will give a racial/ethnic/religious breakdown of a country 's population . 
  it 's just information about a country people might deem important or just interesting . 
  2 ) in the us , race is recorded in crime . 
  i do n't think that is wrong either . 
  i think it 's important to know if certain races are committing certain crimes . 
  it allows a more targeted approach for crime prevention . 
  in fact , i do n't get why you would n't capture that information . 
  having more information is always better than having less . 
  they are simply conveying relevant demographic information . 
  news from hungary rarely makes it to the us . 
  it is a relatively unknown country here . 
  it 's that simple . 
  that 's why they only devoted one sentence to it . 
  that statue of a man on a horse in picture two ... who is that ? 
  any significance as to why the protests would be taking place near the statue ? 
  or is this just in a main city square that just happens to have this statue nearby . 
  i do n't know and neither do you . 
  everything is speculation right now . 
  only time will tell how many stay , and how many leave . 
  it 's a one sentence explanation of the demographics of a country . 
  you guys are reading into this way too much . 
  you speak with extreme confidence . 
  how do you have any idea who is coming in and who is n't ? 
  hundreds of thousands of people are coming in . 
  are you suggesting they are all enlightened democrats ? 
  that video is concerning to say the least . 
  it pretty much shows that all that `` tiny minority '' of muslims bullshit is completely untrue . 
  this situation is so fucked . 
  that was 40,000 over the course of 7 months . 
  this is 40,000 over the course of 7 days . 
  that 's a significantly shorter amount of time . 
  accommodating them will be no easy task . 
  and that 's just this week . 
  what about the week after ? 
  and the next ? 
  where will they all go ?
