   also the treaties with the indian nations come to mind . 
  what indian nations are you referring to ? 
  i always thought you were american . 
  where are you from if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  and also , you mentioned having this encounter a few years ago . 
  how often do you have similar encounters ? 
  why do you guys keep getting invaded ? 
  was your country a historical jerk or just in an unfortunate location ? 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  so does that mean a significant percent of the male population has already had military training ? 
  do all males get conscripted ? 
  or is it just a certain percentage of males ( i am talking about able bodied males , not including males with disabilities ) . 
   recruitment in the first half of this year doubled to 600 compared with 300 in the same period last year . 
  the estonian defense league , or kaitseliit , now has around 14,500 members in its fighting units , compared with around 3,800 in the professional military . 
  am i reading this correctly ? 
  the estonian military only has 3,800 soldiers ? 
  that ca n't be possible . 
  totally . 
  it 's like agreeing that we are at point a and we need to go to point b. i just do n't think driving on the wrong side of the highway is the right way to do it . 
  well most religious people i know would be totally taken aback by your comment . 
  i 've never seen a religious person use their religion to discriminate against other races . 
  maybe i 'm lucky or something , but i doubt it . 
  i have lived in 6 different states and met many different people of all different stripes . 
  what you are describing simply defies my entire lifetime of experience . 
  in fact , it is so radically different from what i have seen in my life that it 's hard to imagine we 're talking about the same group of people . 
  it sounds like you know a bunch of fucking assholes who just happen to be religious . 
  dude , being religious does not mean you 're backwards at all . 
  it is fairly easy to be religious , but not inject your religious views in politics , or believe the entirety of the dogma of your particular religion . 
  i usually agree with virtually everything you say on this sub , but i ca n't agree with you here . 
  you must have a vastly different experience with religious people than i do . 
  whoa . 
  what the fuck ? 
  where did you get that from my comment ? 
  are 100 % of the people older than us gay hating , racists ? 
  and i was n't even talking about the fact that older people are more religious . 
  i was just talking about political views . 
  holy hell you misinterpreted my comment . 
  can you elaborate on why you think `` american culture '' is such a funny concept ? 
  to be honest , i 'm not a big fan of idolizing progressive movements . 
  progressive movements are much grounded in the time they are formed , and do not have the same consistent ideologies throughout the years . 
  keep in mind , prohibition of alcohol was due to a progressive movement arising a hundred years ago ( they thought alcohol was a tool to keep the working man down , and destroy families so banning alcohol was seen as a way to liberate the common man ) . 
  progressive movements now are very much against the prohibition of almost any drug . 
  i guess i see being `` progressive '' as being dangerously close to being behind whatever political fad is out there . 
  it is very much subject to change . 
  so whereas i agree with a number of things espoused by progressives now , i would n't identify myself as one due to the fickle nature of progressive movements in general . 
  tl ; dr : it 's not always smart to celebrate merely `` being progressive '' either now , nor in the past or in the future . 
  what is progressive now could be seen as foolish in a generation or two . 
  no you did n't sound too euphoric . 
  you simply highlighted a very real side effect that can come with being religious . 
  the whole `` i do n't know , god did it '' thing is an unfortunate byproduct of religion . 
  you can find people like those in droves , but you can also find examples of religious people who do not think like that . 
  hell , on the extreme end , you can point to religious people like [ georges lema\u00eetre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georges_lema%c3%aetre ) who use science to understand god even more . 
  at the college i went to ( university of arizona ) , it was well known for its astronomy program due to its dry , desert air surrounded by mountains upon which observatories were built . 
  there was a resident vatican priest who was one of the most prominent astronomers there ( although admittedly , these are more exceptional cases then the `` god did it '' variety ), 
  i do not know why so many people summarily dismiss the views of the elderly , as if us youngsters have this unique insight unknown to our predecessors . 
  keep in mind older generations have a lifetime of experience to draw from that shape their views , as opposed to youth whose political views are shaped mostly be ideology and naivete . 
  i see this argument about the older generations holding us back brought up a lot , and it has some merit . 
  true , previous generations may have outdated views . 
  true , their experience may have baggage that is holding them back . 
  but their opinions should n't be dismissed outright simply because they are older . 
  i can only look at my own life and acknowledge that my perception of the world and my political views have undergone a tremendous shift in my post college years . 
  a number of my views now align closely with views i dismissed as insane or backwards just a few years prior to that . 
  often , after actually * listening * to what people in older generations were saying , i begrudgingly realized they were right along a broad spectrum of issues . 
  instead of waiting for older generations to die off , we should use them as an invaluable source of knowledge and decades of real life experience . 
  our predecessors were no idiots , and we are no geniuses . 
  some of their views are outdated , but many more are timeless . 
  it is a ridiculous question though . 
  define `` others '' . 
  are you talking about other western countries , or are you talking about third world countries or straight up crazy ones like north korea ? 
  i find it shocking as someone who lives here , since i find the finger print of religion to be nearly non existent outside of physically being in a church . 
  the way my country is depicted on reddit as being uniquely devout is not the country i see in my day to day life . 
  but i guess different people see different things . 
  i freely tell people i am not religious . 
  the most common reaction i get is one of ambivalence . 
  it seems like there are two different arguments going here . 
  1 ) being religious in general is bad thing ( i do not agree with this ) 2 ) religion manifesting itself in politics is a bad thing ( i do agree with this ) i think we can all agree on # 2 . 
  it was # 1 that i was mostly addressing . 
  however , a lot of people will probably point out that those who are religious will vote in accordance with their religion . 
  that is valid criticism , however i think it is whole different argument than what i was getting at . 
  awesome thanks . 
  i fly all the damn time and somehow i have never heard of google flights . 
  it 's not just this article . 
  it 's the 50,000 identical articles i have seen saying the same thing . 
  how many articles can be written about how the us is viewed by the outside world ? 
  i 'll be interested when i see a single article discussing how the us views other regions . 
  but that will never happen . 
  exactly . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i just think it has become trendy amongst redditors to equate religiosity with backwardness , which is just silly . 
  lol . 
  throughout my lifetime , i have consistently seen articles ( particularly written by journalists outside the us ) talk about europe 's dwindling perception of america . 
  yet not once have a seen an article depicting the opposite . 
  how does america view europe ? 
  europeans may be surprised to learn that the answer to that question may be just as negative as europeans ' perception of america . 
  europeans would surely respond to that revelation with an ambivalent shrug . 
  just as we do when we learn about europe 's perception of us . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  just a generation ago , being religious was n't a bad thing , especially when juxtaposed against atheist communist countries . 
  it 's kinda weird how quickly perceptions can change . 
  what was good 30 years ago is now seen as a sign of backwardness now .
