  i just spent like half an hour wandering down a weird , far left rabbit hole i did n't know existed, 
  this sub cares way too much about those idiots, 
  so what you are saying is , op needs to move into that castle now before it is too late ? 
  do they have squatters rights in belgium ? 
  like can you just move in and claim it ? 
  did you even read the article ? 
  krugman is typically very critical of america and often uses europe as a role model , hence him wondering what is going on over there . 
  he raises some interesting points . 
  i dunno , i thought it was a solid opinion piece, 
  that man rips throats for a living . 
  of course he 's a threat, 
  hahaha where is that from ? 
  that 's such an awesome gif, 
  that is n't a very nice thing to say, 
  lol look at this ^ cute little revolutionary . 
  why is it that the only people that behave like fascists are the one 's who call everyone a fascist ? 
  that beehive has been tossed around long before america existed . 
  in fact , your people might have been the first europeans to give that beehive a kick, 
  good . 
  let someone else get sucked into that mess . 
  so was yours dude, 
  this is a very informative post . 
  thanks for compiling this list . 
  not much gets written about moldova in english speaking media considering it 's small size and relative backwardness . 
  so i appreciate you taking the time to delve a little deeper into this little known country . 
  typically it is just glossed over as basically the russian version of romania , and that 's it, 
  you guys are all so wrong . 
  only a profound intellectual could make a prophecy like this : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/464595378990747650, 
  this sub shits on everyone . 
  british people , russians , gypsies , greeks , germans , swedes , spaniards etc. . . just depends what is in the news that day really . 
  if you come here coming for praise , you are coming to the wrong place . 
  just get in line and wait for your number to get called , that means it is your turn for this sub to take a dump on everything you love . 
  not too big of a deal . 
  after all , it 's just internet strangers trading imaginary internet points . 
  do n't let it get to you amigo . 
  and be happy for the times when you are able to shit on other people . 
  just remember it will soon enough come full circle . 
  huh . 
  seems like it 's often non americans here who bring up america when it is not even remotely related , and most americans come here to get away from anything related to america . 
  are you sure you are talking about this sub ? 
  fuck it . 
  i 'd take the money, 
  except those armored cars have water canons , not machine gun turrets mounted on them . 
  but other than you are right . 
  one step away from sending in tanks , and another step from launching intercontinental ballistic missiles at our own cities, 
  what you described about germany seems pretty typical honestly . 
  that 's exactly how it is in the us , and in any country i have been to . 
  was your father hallucinating ? 
  yes you can . 
  it 's called the poophole loophole, 
  it wo n't self destruct . 
  it will just get a little wider around the waste . 
  getting super fat is all the rage these days . 
  one would n't want to get left behind by countries such mexico for instance, 
  welcome to the club . 
  we 've been here a while . 
  life is nice when you do n't give a shit and completely let yourself go . 
  to be fair , those judges look like total cunts . 
  it 's 2017 . 
  you can ditch the stupid wigs already, 
  no he did not . 
  this very same topic has been discussed many times on this sub for years now . 
  before , it was typically countries like spain , italy , portugal and greece complaining about it . 
  trump was one of many people to point out the issues with germany 's surplus . 
  hell if you had been following economic news , or articles written by economists , german 's trade surplus , and how it benefits from a weakened euro had been a well known topic that is discussed at least once a month , and has been being discussed since the beginning of the crisis in the eurozone . 
  if you think trump started this , you have been living under a rock, 
  what does trump have to do with this ? 
  or america in general ? 
  this opinion piece comes from a british publication , and is written by an english author . 
  germany 's trade surplus has been criticized for years now by european countries sharing the euro for many years now . 
  if you think this is an issue pointed out only by americans , you are deeply mistaken . 
  it 's other countries within the eurozone who are the most vocal about this issue . 
  they voted for donald trump . 
  they did n't `` do '' anything to the us . 
  have you been to a flyover state before ? 
  i am guessing not . 
  you will find zero fascists in iowa or nebraska . 
  most people that live in those states live in modestly sized cities . 
  do you think anyone outside of los angeles or new york live in mud huts or something ? 
  those states are pretty much suburban land . 
  the only think differentiating them from anywhere else is a lack of a giant city . 
  but they have cities nonetheless, 
  yes . 
  fear all those fascist farmers !, 
  only enlightened apartment dwellers can save us !, 
  lol get over yourself, 
  yes you are, 
  fuck it . 
  that will do . 
  what are the perks of being king of kosovo ? 
  that fucking sucks . 
  i wanted to be king of turkey :( there go all my dreams, 
  why would the us care about their independence , and why would they care what the us thinks ? 
  it 's in the article . 
  the answer was along the lines of american tax payers want to see the european union be safe , economically strong and secure etc. . . not a very convincing argument to this american tax payer honestly . 
  very sneaky . 
  it took me quite some time to figure out what you were referring to . 
  there is a way to magically manipulate your country , and many countries do do it . 
  it 's called pegging you currencies value to that of the dollar . 
  instead of your country 's currency rising and falling independentally of other currencies , china 's yuan/renmibi rises with , and falls with the us dollar .
