  it is just a misunderstanding of what is meant between americans and europeans . 
  yes , i have said `` yeah , i 'm 1/4th hungarian '' . 
  but that is only brought up in casual conversation when someone inquires about your last name . 
  this does n't happen frequently . 
  all this is not a big deal to us , which makes it strange to see it be a big deal for your guys . 
  we are not trying to make a claim that we know anything about where our ancestors came from , it is just a point of interest . 
  none of us pretend to be experts on the places we are from . 
  we are just remembering where we are from . 
  that 's just sad ... 
  i get it ... but i would hope most humans would know that a 13 year old boy is too young to be martyred . 
  these kids should be on a playground not a battleground . 
  edit : in case it is n't obvious , i am not suggesting you thought otherwise . 
  just speaking generally . 
   the news was first reported on march 9 by david thomson , a tunisia-based journalist . 
  he said : `` comment from an islamic state source : ` he was a good young guy . 
  determined . 
  i liked him a lot . 
  this news makes me pleased . 
  i 'm happy for him . ' '', 
  how can you be happy about a 13 year old boy dying in a war ? 
  wtf ? 
  and are [ these ] ( https://twitter.com/_davidthomson/status/530419721985085440/photo/1 ) actually french kids ? 
  this is getting crazy . 
  that 's understable , but i think you are overstating how much irish-americans play up that connection . 
  for most of us , it is a very loose connection that plays only a small part of our identity . 
  it is mainly a footnote in our lives . 
  for instance , i have never met anyone who claims to have any particular insight into modern ( or even a past version of ireland ) , even though i know tons of people that are of irish extraction . 
  no problem . 
  i just get annoyed sometimes when i see people from ireland consistently shit on americans who are of irish descent . 
  as i said to another ididpotato , in my experience , irish culture manifests itself predominantly in one way : faith . 
  so when i see people denigrate americans who are of irish descent , i imagine them denigrating my grandmothers who pray the rosary on their celtic crosses . 
  one of grandmas used to tell me one of the happiest moments of her life was returning to ireland , and how she wept upon seeing the place where her parents were born . 
  then i see irish people on the internet complaining about how they hate these `` plastic paddies '' or whatever and it is hard not to get resentful . 
  most people who are proud to be irish are n't loudmouthed drunks who blame their drinking on their irish . 
  they are regular people who have a vague fondness for the place their ancestors came from and dream one day of returning . 
  i can understand why the drunk people wearing green would annoy irish people , but that is such a small snapshot of irish americans it is weird for us to see irish people cling to that snapshot and get so resentful about it . 
  first off , i highly doubt that 1/16th thing . 
  most people only care about an ancestry if it constitutes 1/4th or 1/2 of their heritage ( since most people have 1/16th of pretty much anywhere in europe ) . 
  but assuming that is true , who cares ? 
  we are descendants of europeans whose heritage goes back only a few generations in this country . 
  some of us want to cling to some heritage that our parents tried to preserve in anyway possible . 
  if you moved to another country , would n't you try to at least pass something on to your children so they can know their origins ? 
  i was being an asshole and trying to give you guys a little jab ... my comment should not be taken seriously . 
  just downvoted and ignored . 
  i think we both have to understand that we have a totally different view of americans who are proud of their irish ancestry . 
  you see drunk americans wearing green and screaming about how irish they are . 
  i see my grandmother saying the rosary on a celtic cross . 
  and i hardly see any representation of the irish in hollywood at all , so i barely associate the irish with drunken , violent fools . 
  i have usually associated the irish as a quiet people who fill the pews on sunday . 
  so you see irish-americans as bragging about how they are 1/16th irish while getting wasted , i see irish-americans as normal people with some religious/cultural icons in their house who occasionally put on a cd playing celtic music . 
  so its strange for me to see such a strong reaction towards that . 
  just out of curiosity , if you moved to another country and had children , would you tell your children about ireland ? 
  would you tell them anything about your country at all , like food , culture , folklore ? 
  or would you pass nothing on to your children about ireland ? 
   i think that one thing is to say `` i have irish ancestry '' , and quite another to say `` yeah , i 'm irish '' you should understand that in the us , those two statements are identical . 
  saying `` i 'm irish '' means one thing : `` i have irish ancestry '' . 
  its a short way of saying that , and everyone in the us knows what you mean when you say that . 
  this could be confusing for outsiders , but it is simply how we talk here . 
  it does not imply we have any connection culturally to our ancestry , it simply means we have that ancestry . 
   not making a joke out of it ( `` he drinks a lot because he 's irish '' , `` kiss me i 'm irish '' , `` i 'm irish so i get drunk in st patrick 's day '' , etc etc ) . 
  st patricks day is simply a day , an excuse to drink that has little connection to the irish . 
  it is simply like cinco de mayo here . 
  to us , it is just a fun holiday and in no way is meant to appropriate anyone else 's culture . 
  they way america integrates and then manifests cultures it consumes is kinda hard to explain and does n't make a lot of sense to non-americans . 
  but to us , it is totally innocent . 
  we almost never mean that we have a cultural bond with the place of our ancestors . 
  for instance , i 'm also 25 % hungarian . 
  when i tell people i am hungarian here , that just means that is where my last name comes from . 
  it does n't mean i know anything about hungary . 
  hell , i 've never even heard that language spoken before . 
  it is simply a detail about myself and nothing more . 
   furthermore , `` famine-infested '' ? 
  really ? 
  is that necessary ? 
  no , it was n't . 
  i was pissed off when i wrote that , and am not pissed off now , so i am deleting that comment because it was entirely , unnecessarily vindictive . 
  its not really that hard to understand . 
  for a lot of people , it is the only connection they have to an ancestry that stretches back more than 2 generations or so . 
  if a european moved to the us now , they would probably teach their children a little about their country of origin . 
  this simply gets passed down to subsequent generations . 
  we take pride in where we come from and we try to remember our origins . 
  that 's it . 
  i do n't get why this bothers people . 
  who cares how people in another country celebrate their heritage . 
  particularly among the irish , this pride of ancestry seems to have become an object of hatred . 
  it makes the irish seem bitter , envious , and extremely petty . 
  do they actually though ? 
  it seems like the standard of living in greece has deteriorated sharply while the living standards in the baltics have risen sharply . 
  well , at least that is the impression i get from reading news articles a continent away from europe . 
   do you hear portuguese people complain ? 
  i have seen portuguese people complain for a long time now . 
  their economy went down the shitter , of course their people complained . 
  i still see them complain . 
  the only difference between a greek person and a portuguese person is the portuguese person has hope . 
   as well as give their citizens the right to bear arms if they pass a test that shows that they are capable of owning a firearm . 
  that will never , ever happen . 
  europeans are not only afraid of guns , but think they are uncivilized . 
  you ca n't even own pepper spray in some of those countries because they think that it is too much force for one person to have . 
  what makes you think a european would ever think they could handle a firearm ? 
  they think guns are only good for killing babies , and that is n't changing any time soon .
