  but hundreds of millions do have health insurance . 
  for most americans , you can get fantastic care here . 
  our hospitals have always had a reputation of being world leaders . 
  this should n't surprise anyone . 
  this bot should be renamed pedantic_asshole_bot . 
   one reason for such caution is that the americans , though they run the biggest electronic eavesdropping operation , are not the only ones to do so . 
  this is what bernard squarcini , the former head of france 's domestic intelligence agency , had to say to le figaro ( french version here ) :  `` i 'm bewildered by such worrying naivet\u00e9 . 
  you 'd think the politicians do n't read the reports they 're sent -- there should n't be any surprise ... the agencies know perfectly well that every country , even when they cooperate on anti-terrorism , spies on its allies . 
  the americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level like we spy on them , because it 's in the national interest to defend our businesses . 
  no one is a dupe . '', 
  the tricky part for european heads of state is how to effectively capitalize on the anger of its citizens directed at the us , while maintaining a decent , functional relationship with us intelligence services and the us government itself . 
  i do n't think either european governments or the us government is going to reign in their intelligence services any time soon . 
  for the us , mr. snowden has been an unmitigated disaster . 
  for european governments , he has been a double edged sword . 
  they can channel rage across the atlantic and play the helpless victim card , but if they push it too far the us might get angry that european leaders are so willingly stoking the flames , but also actively participating in this same game . 
  why should the us cooperate with intelligence sharing if europe is hard at work constructing the theme that the us is the great evil , when they do the same thing ? 
  i wonder what direction this will go in when/if europe gets its own snowden ? 
  right now , europe can sit pretty by casually pretending to be the innocent victim here . 
  but what happens when/if that narrative is shattered ? 
  wo n't that damage their own credibility as well ? 
  both american and european leaders are walking on a tight rope . 
  they each need to manage this crisis carefully , and so far europe managed its cards far better than america . 
  however , it seems like europe is holding a wolf by its ears here . 
  this situation is hardly under control , and could take a turn with a few leaks here or there . 
  this story is not over , there are many chapters yet to be written . 
  not to be a dick or anything , but you 'd probably get more traction with your posts here if you diversified your posts a little . 
  right now , you kinda come across as a one trick pony . 
  your posts always have a theme to them about europe 's military capabilities . 
  i think the europeans here assume your trying to ram some agenda down their throats . 
  your comments are typically well articulated , but it is usually the same thing ( i.e. 
  get your shit together europe ) . 
  i do n't think it is received well here . 
  you 're usually not wrong , and you do point out some uncomfortable truths that the typical european here would rather not acknowledge , but i think your efforts would be better spent if you used your same style to discuss an array of issues , and not just issues relating to europe 's military capabilities . . let me just say that it 's not like you 're wrong , or you look like an idiot or anything . 
  i find it refreshing to see another american who does n't disgracefully grovel at the feet of europeans , and does n't hesitate to voice unpopular opinions , i 'm simply suggesting you would be more effective if you diversified your shit a little . 
  i know you 're not looking for opinions on your submission history , but that is just my two cents . 
  i guess i just read that wrong . 
  that 's a shit load of gypsies . 
  gypsies should be forced to wear bells so you can hear them coming , and you could hear them running away . 
  i have solved the gypsy problem . 
  holy shit !, 
  that 's what gypsy camps look like ? 
  that 's fucking crazy . 
  anyway , how do ninety people just disappear ? 
   did you notice that eur/usd reached today 1.3790 , a 2 year high ? 
  ** what do you think it says about eu vs us credibility ? 
  ** virtually nothing . 
   imagine a europe with a coin to rival the dollar , but no gop threatening a shutdown every one or two years . 
  such nonsense . 
  does anyone think politics in europe are any more or less stable than politics in the us ? 
  take the eu as a whole , or individual european countries ? 
  how many different governments have been created and destroyed just a year or two later in countries like greece , spain , italy , and portugal ? 
  do you not think people outside of europe look on in dismay as it takes a certain country several months to put together a coalition to actually conduct some semblance of governance ? 
  and when those coalitions disintegrate 12 months later , do you think the world looks on in envy at your brilliant leadership ? 
   forces in the us always like the europe project to fail . 
  ridiculous . 
  there is hardly any anti-european sentiment over here . 
  it is in no american 's interest to see europe fail . 
  that would be the type of disaster america would want avoided at all costs . 
  sorry to pop your persecution complex bubble . 
   a eu with success is a nightmare to many so far the only people i have heard describe the eu as a nightmare are europeans themselves , and hardly anyone else . 
  france angry . 
  france smash . 
  pretty good article , but it makes me question how committed both russia and poland are to improving their relationship . 
  i am guessing poland still approaches russia with great skepticism , and it looks like russia has stopped caring how they are perceived , as long as the commit to strengthening themselves . 
  i doubt that incident with the statue is going to set back the polish-russian relationship that far , it will probably just be a short term , minor flare up in tensions . 
  but one has to wonder , what exactly does poland want from russia ? 
  and what exactly does russia want out of poland ? 
  if they do not have much to offer each other , will there ever be a full commitment to reconciliation ? 
  i understand the idea behind that , but is it worth jeopardizing relationships between your countries ? 
  i have a hunch russia would veto that shit too . 
  they 're such obstructionists . 
  that 's really unwieldy . 
  we just call it the continental united states to refer to 48 states that constitute main body of the us . 
  i have never seen it in an acronym form though ( i.e. 
  the cus or the cusa ) . 
  anyway , i do n't know why you would make up an acronym and expect other people to know what you 're talking about . 
  well that 's just pure coincidence , 
  / r/europe might as well be renamed / r/xpostedfrommapporn . 
  i did n't expect to see any references to a tool song in this sub . 
  i guess i just should n't be surprised to see anything here . 
   things escalated further when dmitri borodin , the second in command at the russian embassy in the hague ( pictured ) , was arrested in his home last week by dutch police . 
  ...  vladimir putin , the russian president , has not taken this lightly . 
  having first demanded an explanation and apology , the kremlin now insists the netherlands arrest the officers who mr borodin claims hit him on the head . 
  mark rutte , the dutch prime minister , has made clear that there will be no arrests . 
  in the meantime , a dutch theatre group , performing in st petersburg to mark the special bilateral year , was booed off the stage when it raised the issue of gay rights . 
  the russian association for food standards has threatened to block imports of dutch tulips and dairy products due to `` quality concerns '' . 
  so is russia just picking a fight with the netherlands ? 
  this kind of seems like unusual timing since i was n't aware that there was any animosity between the two countries until this green peace/russian diplomat issues arose this month . 
  what leverage does russia even have on the netherlands . 
  i did n't think the two countries had strong business ties , so i am not sure banning tulips and dairy supplies would have much effect on their economy . 
  is putin simply trying to show he can intimidate and bully countries , even western european ones ? 
  i thought he only played this games with countries that were formerly under the russian sphere of influence , not with countries at the edge of the continent . 
  fair enough . 
  the article itself was fairly well written and contained some interesting content . 
  just having never heard of them before it was hard to tell what their angle was . 
  i guess if that is there writing/editorial style , than i would n't have a problem with it as long as i am aware that that is the position they take . 
  anyway , it seems like a lot of the issues facing europe 's energy supply seem to stem from poor execution , and little too optimistic of forecasts for how renewable energies would improve the energy situation in europe . 
  i hope they get things straightened out . 
  higher energy prices , potential black-outs , and continuous reliance on russia is probably not what they had in mind when they drew up these energy policies . 
  i 've never seen an article from this site before , and it certainly does n't appear to be the epitome professional journalism .
