  yet my country stayed intact . 
  what if people were saying in the 1930 's that we should abandon the whole thing and rip the us apart into smaller units ? 
  perhaps that is a clumsy analogy , but other better ones could probably be found that demonstrate my point . 
  tl ; dr : is 6 years of depression enough of an indictment on the current model to scrap everything that europe has been working towards for decades ? 
  whoa !, 
  calm down there turbo . 
  are you the new manifestation of leswede420 ? 
  russian people : opinion has n't changed . 
  i have a neutral opinion towards them . 
  russian government : my view has changed . 
  i probably still have a neutral view of them , but i think my view on what their motives are have changed quite a bit . 
  i now view the russian state as an entity that is beginning to assert itself and defend its interests . 
  i do n't think what they are doing is particularly unusual from a geopolitical perspective . 
  everything they are doing is basically what you would * expect * them to be doing given their position . 
  but my view of them has certainly been clarified . 
  i will say my opinion of sergey lavrov has changed . 
  i used to view him as one of the most competent and formidable diplomats in the world . 
  he probably still is . 
  but i lost a bit of respect for him when he started unabashedly lying about there not being any russian forces in ukraine/crimea when any child could see that that was a lie . 
  he should done the traditional diplomatic thing and been a little vague or something , instead of outright lying . 
  tl ; dr : my views have n't changed positively or negatively . 
  my views have simply been sharpened . 
  well at least they can find some work here and there . 
  even if it does n't put a whole lot of money in your pocket , having a reason to wake up in the morning can be the difference between a little bit of dignity and outright depression . 
  as for the family part of it , that is a life saver . 
  but i can imagine that it can put a lot of stress on someone if they are the sole provider for an ever increasing amount of family members . 
  i have heard that the church is still a relatively powerful institution in greece . 
  is that true ? 
  and if so , what capacity if any does the church serve in helping the poor ? 
  how much more can the church handle ? 
  well seeing as there is only 10 million or so people in greece , a crisis that effects x million would be at least tangentially effecting everyone in the country . 
  even if you are part of the elite , surely you would know someone adversely effected by the crisis , be it a friend , family member , neighbor , part of your staff , a local shop owner that you frequent . 
  a disaster of this scale seems like it would be impossible to avoid noticing even if you are in the top 1 % of your country . 
  surely the see signs of deprivation and destitution around them ? 
  unless they walk around with a blind fold , and never read the papers , you would have to know that this `` collateral damage '' is effecting vast swathes of the population . 
  anyway , enough of the elites . 
  what the hell is the regular population saying to themselves to get through this ? 
  how are they finding any hope in this situation ? 
  what motivates people to get out of bed every morning instead of just staring hopelessly at the ceiling ? 
  the situation seems beyond desperate at this point . 
  and the philippines who have competing claims over the spratly islands with china . 
  and we are creating quasi-alliances with vietnam , malaysia , and even singapore . 
  and as noted by / u/mkvgtired noted , taiwan is also a hugely contentious issue . 
  basically , our entire presence in the south china sea is viewed as a threat to china . 
  this is probably more of an issue than our alliance with japan . 
  most of china 's imported energy comes passes through the malacca straits , which the us de facto controls . 
  this is of much greater strategic interest to china than our alliances with japan and south korea . 
  those issues are secondary and tertiary to china , and can be addressed later . 
  wow . 
  reading that article was enough to make a grown man weep . 
  greece is fucked . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  how in god 's name are the people of greece supposed to survive the next few years when : a ) jobs are impossible to come by b ) the jobs that people have are n't paying their employees for several months c ) those that live off pensions have already seen their pensions shrink , and they are slated to shrink even further d ) those that rely on government welfare are not getting their payments due to the greek government 's disastrous finances there is nothing to celebrate . 
  there is little encouraging news to suggest that this will all be over soon ( or even at any point in the next few years ) . 
  greece needs help , and it needs it now . 
  if any projections for a recovery are optimistically predicted to be around 2017 , how they hell do they survive between now and then ? 
   more religious in every aspect of society !, 
  are you suggesting your country is typical for europe ? 
  why ignore the countries that have strong influences from roman catholic or orthodox churches ? 
  there are some european countries that have a top-down religious influence in a way that does n't exist in the us ( which is more of a bottom-up influence ) . 
  great link by the way . 
  it seems a lot of those higher ranked states have low populations ( besides texas ) which may make running a state easier , or at least may make controlling inequality easier . 
  anyway , when i first looked at your list i noticed that most of them were republican leaning and i took a guess and figured you compiled your shit list based on that fact , since many redditors place social values above all others for characteristics for what defines a good state . 
  too many people neglect the other important factors such as the fiscal shape of a state which are very important . 
  and also seeing arizona ( and also utah ) on your list made me cringe a little . 
  i am from arizona . 
  i have lived in 6 different states and in my opinion , none of them were as great of a state to live in at all ( my 2nd favorite being utah ) . 
  the reason why az is placed so low seems to stem from issues all related to the housing crisis which this article points out that :  only nevada suffered more than arizona from the housing crisis . 
  the state 's median home value fell by more than 36 % between 2007 and 2012 . 
  all of the other financial issues there result from the implosion of the tax base . 
  anyway , much of this is subjective making it difficult to really debate about . 
  thanks for clarifying your initial stance though . 
  you definitely seem to have thought about this more than just `` republicans are jerks '' , an opinion thrown around all too often here and usually without much substance behind it . 
   by what metric ? 
  mostly their finances . 
  for instance , the state i live in ( illinois ) is a blue state . 
  that did not make your shit list , but it 's bonds are rated junk status , the interest on those bonds is ever increasing , and underfunded pension funds threaten to turn the state into one big detroit . 
  most of the states you listed have no such problems . 
  also , state taxes in those states are lower which is nice as resident . 
  my state can not say no to public employee unions , hence as a result funding for everything else is being crowded out ... unless taxes are increased to paper over long standing and unaddressed issues . 
   entirely subjective true . 
  that does n't need to be an indictment on politics . 
  but a lot of those states have significantly better weather than the elsewhere in the country , so that alone would make someone like me put those states on `` awesome list '' , and not a `` shit list '' . 
  that is really what i meant by saying they are nicer to live in . 
  it 's not too controversial , just an opinion . 
  basically , a lot of people on reddit tend to equate a good state with a state that has progressive values . 
  i put some weight into that category , but i would n't prioritize social issues over fiscal issues . 
  i 'm more worried about the overall health of my state , and less worried over whether or not two dudes can get marred . 
  lol , most of those states you listed are the most well run states in the country . 
  hell , they 're the nicest ones to live in too . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about beyond `` republicans scare me '' . 
  in case of money grubbing pay walls :  some say economics in germany is treated as a branch of moral philosophy . 
  more often it is the worst sort of contract law . 
  throughout the euro crisis legal pettifogging has hampered rational policy . 
  the german finance ministry is filled with lawyers , not economists , starting with its boss , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  big decisions have often ended up at the constitutional court in karlsruhe . 
  the euro zone wasted time tightening fiscal rules that treated mostly symptoms ( budget deficits ) not causes ( a deficient structure and crippled banks ) and led to excessive austerity . 
  the european central bank 's action that saved the euro in 2012 has recently been undermined by the karlsruhe court , which thinks that the never-used `` outright monetary transactions '' ( omt ) programme to buy bonds of countries that agree to reforms is illegal . 
  and now excessive legalism has messed up the banking union , which will not live up to the promise to sever the doom-loop between weak banks and weak governments . 
   having survived and returned to weak growth , the euro zone faces a new danger : deflation .
