  but lawyerly nitpicking is again one factor holding up an effective response . 
  deflation raises the burden of debt and causes consumers to stop spending , because they expect cheaper prices . 
  low inflation makes it harder to adjust wages and prices relative to germany . 
  headline inflation has dropped to an annual 0.5 % , far below the ecb 's target of `` below , but close to , 2 % '' . 
  some countries are already in deflation ; any new shock might push the euro into yet another crisis . 
   ensuring price stability is the core business of the ecb . 
  even the ultra-conservative bundesbank in germany , which opposes the ecb 's bond-buying , agrees it must act against deflation or even persistently low inflation . 
  the bundesbank 's head , jens weidmann , says he will consider entering the `` uncharted waters '' of qe ( quantitative easing , in which central banks print money to buy assets and thus bring down long-term interest rates ) already pursued in america , britain and japan . 
   german legalism is also affecting the ecb . 
  its president , mario draghi , who in july 2012 promised to do `` whatever it takes '' to save the euro , now seems to be doing whatever it takes to avoid a hard decision . 
  he tries to talk down interest rates through `` forward guidance '' , and speaks of the ecb 's unanimous readiness to consider unconventional measures . 
  to philippe legrain , a former adviser to the european commission and author of a new book on the crisis ( and once a journalist on the economist ) , the ecb has a deflationary bias : contrast its inaction over falling prices with its hair-trigger response to the illusory danger of inflation in 2011 , when it raised interest rates at the height of the crisis . 
   but that deflationary bias also in part stems from germany 's influence -- and inevitably that of the court in karlsruhe . 
  many expect mr weidmann 's agreement in principle to omt and to the idea of bond buying to turn to disagreement over specific measures . 
  karlsruhe 's hostility to omt casts a pall over quantitative easing . 
  the judges made much of the distinction between monetary policy carried out by ecb technocrats and economic policy that needed greater political legitimacy . 
  the court said buying the bonds of some countries to lower borrowing costs discriminates against others , impairs the market mechanism , increases the risk of losses for the ecb and violates the prohibition on monetary financing of states . 
  yet almost any act of monetary policy is a form of redistribution between savers and borrowers . 
   mr weidmann hints he would rather buy private debt than government bonds . 
  a rival school of thought holds that , in fact , buying private debt resembles industrial policy , in that it might favour some sectors over others . 
  in any case , there might not be enough corporate debt to buy , since most euro-zone companies are financed by banks . 
  so , beyond another small cut in interest rates ( which are already close to zero ) , or the imposition of negative deposit rates , the ecb might end up buying sovereign bonds after all . 
   one worry is that qe might not make much difference , doing too little to raise inflation and failing to stimulate more lending . 
  ideally , the euro zone should first fix the banks . 
  that might happen at the end of the year , when the ecb completes its review of bank balance-sheets before taking over as the euro zone 's lead bank supervisor . 
  but new rules to impose losses on creditors will not come fully into force until 2016 . 
  the single resolution mechanism to wind down banks is too legally convoluted and lacks a credible taxpayer-financed backstop . 
  given the `` bogus '' banking union , as mr legrain calls it , the ecb might prefer to hide problems rather than to reveal losses that countries are unable or unwilling to bear . 
   ** argentina -- or japan ? 
  ** german legalism is a sign of a deeper disagreement : governments want the convenience of a single currency , but not the risk-sharing and transfers of a federation . 
  germany rejects liability for others . 
  it has blocked eurobonds and a common backstop for banks . 
  it has bailed out troubled countries through loans , but only on strict conditions . 
  it has tightened fiscal rules and persisted in running large surpluses , worsening deflation and creating political resistance , most recently in france and italy . 
  and when german ministers have turned a blind eye , the bundesbank and karlsruhe have tried to limit risk-sharing through the ecb . 
   the defence of the national treasury provides exciting work for lawyers , but it makes for poor crisis-management . 
  to work properly , a currency union needs some degree of fiscal union . 
  until the ecb stepped in as a lender of last resort in 2012 , euro-zone countries were in effect so many argentinas , all borrowing in a foreign currency . 
  but unless it acts quickly to avert deflation , they could yet become latter-day japans . 
  i agree . 
  i certainly do n't like seeing articles like `` russian man farts in general direction of baltics '' , but i 've noticed that those are the articles that upvoted the most , and subsequently get commented on the most . 
  people notice that , and post similar articles . 
  look at the articles that are n't about russia . 
  there usually are n't very many comments on those articles . 
   namely americains being the first do so something wrong by interfering in ukrainian affairs ? 
  how in god 's name was america the first country to interfere with ukrainian affairs ? 
  i mean , it was n't the us that tried to get ukraine to sign an association agreement with the eu . 
  and it 's not the us that alters ukraine 's gas prices in accordance with their behavior . 
  russia has been directly impacting and interfering with ukrainian affairs long before the us was even a fucking country !, 
  how is it possible to be this deluded ? 
  for a counter point to this article , here is another opinion piece from the same site arguing the complete opposite : [ banishing the ghosts of heldenplatz ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/commentary/banishing-the-ghosts-heldenplatz-10210 ), 
  but we were trying to kick them out of the us and force them back to germany since they 're not really refugees . 
  but the us government thought returning them to germany would anger germany . 
  that 's why i 'm so confused . 
  it would be like fearing angering the us by returning snowden to the us . 
  it 's weird . 
  here is the article in case there is a paywall  in these first days of spring a mood of relief fills morristown , tennessee , near the foot of the great smoky mountains . 
  after a harsh winter , clouds of white pear-blossom once more soften the hillsides around town . 
  the air rings with children 's happy cries and the buzz of garden tools . 
  still more cheeringly , city burghers -- led by the mayor , a local state lawmaker and the head of the largest church -- no longer face mass arrest , a risk they incurred by vowing to hide a family of asylum-seeking christian home-schoolers rather than see them deported back to germany . 
   civil disobedience does not come easily to morristown , a conservative spot of almost 30,000 souls . 
  yet city fathers swore to endure jail time , if necessary , to shield uwe romeike , his wife hannelore and their seven children , from federal agents with orders to expel them from morristown , where they have lived since fleeing baden-w\u00fcrttemberg in 2008 . 
  a stand-off seemed likely when , on march 3rd , the supreme court declined to hear a final appeal against the romeikes ' expulsion , handing victory to the american government , which had always rejected the family 's claims to be refugees from religious and social persecution . 
  however , a day later federal officials put the family 's deportation on indefinite hold -- thereby allowing them to stay without setting a legal precedent ( and without insulting germany , a close ally ) . 
   german laws forbid parents from educating their children at home in almost all cases , citing society 's interest in avoiding closed-off `` parallel societies '' . 
  germany 's highest court calls schools the best place to bring together children of different beliefs and values , in the name of `` lived tolerance '' . 
  in plainer language , the romeikes believe that , if they return to germany , their children face being taken to school by force . 
  this happened in 2006 : the youngsters wept as they were driven away in a police van . 
  ( on the next school morning supporters showed up and officers backed off . ), 
  worse , their children might be taken into care -- this is the family 's greatest fear , prompting their flight from germany . 
  as the romeikes scanned the globe for options , the home school legal defence association , a virginia-based group , urged them to apply for asylum in america . 
  the hope was to cause a fuss in the press , says an hslda lawyer , michael donnelly , and to `` fuel the flame of liberty in germany '' . 
   in america , home-schooling has been legal in all 50 states for more than a generation . 
  about 2m children are home-schooled . 
  many but not all are christians whose parents want to shield them from the wickedness taught at godless public schools . 
  mr romeike , a music teacher , works as the pianist at the first baptist church in morristown , which attracts 1,300 worshippers on a sunday and boasts its own tv station . 
  the church hosts weekly gatherings for 60 home-schooled families , among them the romeikes . 
  the children meet friends , play sports and take classes ( taught by parents ) in everything from science to quilting . 
   the romeikes ' case has fired up social conservatives across america . 
  their church belongs to the southern baptist convention , whose spokesman suggested in march that the romeikes were unwelcome in barack obama 's america because , as a heterosexual married christian couple with well-grounded children , they represented `` the antithesis of this administration 's political agenda '' . 
  morristown 's mayor , danny thomas , does not go that far . 
  but he says that locals were deeply upset that the romeikes were initially granted asylum by a federal immigration judge , only for the government to challenge that ruling . 
  a dapper retired businessman , mr thomas was ready to harbour the romeikes in `` some place where they could n't be taken '' . 
  he is not surprised that home-schooling is on the rise . 
  christians feel increasingly persecuted , he avers , and it would be hard to find anyone in morristown who does not believe that `` god is being pushed out '' of the public sphere . 
  others call the romeikes model migrants . 
  some people come to morristown `` illegally '' , says dean haun , senior pastor at first baptist , but the romeikes did everything by the rules . 
  `` they are not on welfare , they 're not asking for handouts . 
  they 're hard-working . ''  tilman goins , a republican who represents morristown in tennessee 's house of representatives , recently condemned germany 's home-school laws as `` promulgated under adolf hitler in 1938 '' . 
  mr goins was being obtuse . 
  if there is a link between germany 's home-schooling policy and nazism , it is that history helps explain german angst about fringe groups with passionate views that reject the liberal consensus . 
   ** father knows best v father state ** many conservative christians want to portray the romeikes as religious martyrs . 
  yet relating his saga in his hilltop home , flanked by a child 's swing and wide , sloping lawns , mr romeike mostly describes a sad story of mutual incomprehension , made worse by official bossiness . 
  his countrymen are suspicious because they do not know much about home-schooling , he suggests . 
  it is `` the german mentality : things have to be a certain way . '' piety puzzles them too . 
  `` if you believe the bible you are kind of from the middle ages . '' mr romeike has old-fashioned views , grumbling about german schoolbooks `` ridiculing '' parents and teachers , for instance . 
  he takes a sternly biblical line on creation and homosexuality . 
  but strikingly , he says his children might never have been home-schooled if the two eldest had not been bullied at primary school . 
  stones were thrown at them . 
  his daughter saw a child 's trousers pulled down .
