  we are still a worthless , culture-less backwater with an insignificant history to many people across the pond ... and always will be . 
   it 's a stupid quirk of american politics . 
  uhhh ... you mean an awesome facet of american politics ? 
  why should we sell our oil when it makes our energy costs substantially less than other countries ? 
  get your own continent sized country and i am sure you would think the same way . 
  i think a lot of us here know that feeling . 
  hope it goes well !, 
  those people are that did get in to lots of debt are probably telling the truth . 
  what makes it infinitely difficult to discuss this issue in a simplified way is that all 50 states run their education system differently , so coming up with an accurate picture is impossible to do a ) in a single reddit post ( it would require a book to fully describe the nuances ) and b ) it would be impossible for any single person to have knowledge of all 50 systems . 
  so if i say something about higher education , and someone else says the opposite , we could both be correct !, 
  so pretty much the only thing you should keep in mind is a ) it 's complicated and b ) it 's probably nothing like you imagine . 
  in my own personal experience , you can go to college and emerge debt free fairly easily ( most people i know did ) . 
  the only people i knew who got into lots of debt went to expensive private schools or out of state public schools ( going to a public school in the state you live in is significantly cheaper since your taxes go to paying the universities in your state , going to another state means they do n't give you any discounts since you have never funded that university with your tax dollars ) . 
  of course the system can be remedied , but it is nowhere near as appalling as people make it out to be . 
  and thanks for actually listening . 
  i 've had this same conversation before on this sub and others and am almost always told i am a liar for not saying college costs 1 million dollars/year . 
  it rarely does . 
   the possibility to achieve your dreams gets kind of curtailed by lack of access to high ranked universities . 
  again , another misconception . 
  i know a grand total of zero people in the work force who have ever gone to a prestigious university . 
  i 've worked for companies like atk ( they made the solid rocket motors for the space shuttle ) , general dynamics , caterpillar etc. . . everyone from management to engineers went to a local state school for the most part . 
  prestigious universities mostly qualify you to do research at prestigious universities . 
  nobody gives a fuck where you went to school . 
  especially after your first real job , where you went to school is entirely irrelevant . 
  the only thing that matters is your work experience . 
  as someone else said , there are lots of scholarships and grants for college here . 
  i got paid to go to college with all my sholarships and grants ( still ended up having to take out loans my last year and a half college though to pay for living expenses like rent , food , utilities , car stuff etc. . . ) and this is a huge misconception :|  unless your parents are n't wealthy , because then you 're fucked . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  if you have money , you hardly get any financial aid . 
  if you do n't have money , your school will basically be paid for . 
  of course . 
  2 out of 3 countries responsible for the mismanagement of the eurozone are countries not even belonging to the eurozone ... you 're a real smart guy . 
   we all know how that is possible because breivik killed half the population under 20 ? 
  i probably should n't have said that ... 
  ah of course . 
  they are the province sized asterik in canada . 
  the exception to everything . 
  those guys are always forgotten :(, 
  yeah i stopped caring what canadians think a long time ago . 
  they are totally blinded by the `` narcissism of minor differences '' . 
  i 've had a few friends that i knew for several months before i found out they were canadian , and i only learned where they were from when they told me . 
  it would have been impossible to tell otherwise . 
  hell , when i visited canada , i could only spot three differences : currency , units of street signs , and the name on license plate showed a canadian province , not a us state . 
  otherwise , everything else was identical . 
  canadians who try and assert how different they are remind of two teenage twin girls where one stomps her feet and tries to tell everyone how unique she is because she listens to christina aguilera instead of britney spears ( by the way , is that an old example or are those broads still popular ? ) . 
  going to canada was almost surreal because i was told i was now in a different country , but my eyes refused to believe it . 
  although i am sure some proud , defiant canadian could compile a list of hundreds of ways in which they are profoundly different , i would just roll my eyes and maintain my indifference to such an irrelevant list . 
  i 've lived near both the mexican and canadian borders . 
  living next to mexico ensures kick ass food , but also stolen cars and shitty tourists who come up for the day . 
  getting into mexico is a joke . 
  you literally pass through and unmanned turnstyle gate . 
  occassionally , there is a sleepy guard with one of those mechanical counter things counting how many people have crossed that hour , but that 's it ( getting back into the us is a different matter ) . 
  living next to canada feels like you got robbed of a bordering country . 
  it 's the same shit , just a different toilet . 
  the only thing `` peculiar '' living next to canada is meeting people at work and at the bars who are identical to americans , but tell you they are canadians . 
  that 's it . 
  canada is boring ( which i guess is good ) . 
   on any issue other than the economy , conservative views tend to be backwards , stale and uneducated , prone to nationalist and religious bias or rejection of scientific facts . 
   because of these additional biases , reporting news with a conservative slant lowers the quality and truthfulness of news a lot more than reporting with a liberal slant . 
  this is why msnbc can never be as bad as fox news from a neutral standpoint . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  please tell me this is a joke . 
  for someone not familiar with internal estonian politics , can you elaborate on what you mean by `` keskerakond '' ? 
  what bored bastard actually took out calipers and measured the flag ? 
  someone must be bored and on a power trip . 
  i totally agree , but i 'm thrown off by your flair . 
  but anyway , you 're right . 
  there are hundreds of cities in the us you can live in and find good jobs , and lots of things to do . 
  there really are n't any cities that dominate the rest of the country . 
  hell , we can support multiple sports leagues with 30 plus teams in each league that have huge fan bases . 
  how many countries can boast that ? 
  why is the number of starbucks used a metric here ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i have a feeling a lot of western countries try to emulate each other for fearing of being looked at as backwards . 
  but what works for one country , does n't necessarily work for another country . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  america , like canada and australia , does not have an ethnicity , nor a language that stems from that , nor does it have a common cultural background forged over a period of hundreds or a thousand plus years . 
  european countries do . 
  so whereas immigration from all parts of the globe can be a good thing for these new world countries , it does not mean it is good for european countries . 
  in europe , a country has historically had a common identity , where language , ethnicity , culture , and nationhood were all one in the same . 
  to strive to maintain that order is not a bad thing . 
  just because countries like america strive to bring in immigrants from all over does not necessarily mean they should . 
  i get the impression that all western countries think allowing immigrants from all over is an inherent good thing simply by virtue of other countries doing that . 
  we should stop projecting what one country sees as a good thing onto others . 
  the basic logic when it comes to immigration that goes something like this : immigration is a good thing for the us ( or canada or australia or whatever ) . 
  these countries are western countries . 
  therefore , immigration is a good thing for all western countries . 
  that logic is flawed , and people should n't be afraid to acknowledge it . 
  to try to maintain ones cultural complexion should n't be vilified . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  there really is n't any reason for us city/suburb folk to head out to the stix . 
  my only experience with rural parts of the country are with my brother who lives in the middle of nowhere in texas . 
  but i only interact with him and his family . 
  so i do n't get any of that jesus business , i just get the whiskey and shotguns experience . 
  interesting . 
  that seems like an experience far removed from what i am used to . 
  hell , the most religious place i have ever worked was utah , and there was no such thing as a prayer session . 
  i worked just outside of slc , and you were more likely to hear the engineers make a joke about a rancid pussy than make any mention of god . 
  i guess i have n't spent much time in the south though . 
  sounds like a totally different world .
