  if more people in the balkans got high as shit all the time , maybe they would n't be constantly bickering so much . 
  we should airdrop weed on zagreb and belgrade on a weekly basis . 
  perhaps in macedonia and greece too every time they fight about stupid names . 
   at the september 2017 federal elections , the afd broke new ground in postwar german politics when it became the first party to the right of the christian democrats to enter the bundestag winning 20 percent . 
  with the electorate fractured among seven parties , the spd -- which had distanced itself from merkel 's pro-migrant position and won a plurality of the vote -- formed a government with die linke , ( `` the left '' ) , and the ecologist greens as junior partners , forming germany 's first `` red-red-green '' coalition . 
  ** `` angela merkel 's migrant policies ruined her country and her career . 
  auf wiedersehen , loser ! '' ** president trump tweeted upon the chancellor 's resignation . 
  most of that article seems like scary science fiction . 
  the donald 's tweet is the most realistic thing i could actually see happening, 
  greece is pretty much fucked . 
  it 's a tiny country , with hardly any industry that is globally competitive . 
  your country at least had a way out of the mess it was in . 
  greece does n't have it 's own currency , and virtually unlimited natural resources to export as well as numerous other industries . 
  what 's greece going to do ? 
  pay off it 's debt with olive oil and yogurt ? 
  got ta love economic terminology . 
  there is another term for negative `` growth '' . 
  it 's called contraction . 
  if your contraction is slowing down , that is n't exactly growth . 
  but i guess it makes a nice positive spin . 
  every country 's economy grows , but some just grow negatively !, 
  that is certainly what out means here in my country now . 
  words change and evolve , and the word liberal as it is currently used is a far cry from what it meant before . 
  whether that evolution is a good thing or a bad thing is up for debate . 
  regardless , that was a really interesting video . 
  i think what that video described is playing out in many western countries . 
  i guess people always felt tolerant , but even the hippy in that commune admitted that tolerance of everyone at it 's extremes begins to cause breakdowns and fissures in society . 
  we are all in the middle of a very interesting experiment in what happens when axioms of the past such as tolerance , and open mindedness , undergo strenuous tests people never really thought about much, 
  lol ... 
  but your father probably could n't day he 's proud in front of your mother . 
  he would have to say that to you later in private, 
  where are your manners ? 
  you are supposed to say `` send nudes * please * '' . 
  your mother would be so disappointed if she saw how you were acting right now, 
  i had no idea it was even from a movie ... 
  but now i am interested . 
  what is this picture from ? 
  so he is a hunter ... is that supposed to be a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  i think that 's pretty cool actually, 
  i really wan na drink like 15 beers with those guys and run around town raising hell . 
  they look like a really fun group of guys to get arrested with, 
  only ever been to london . 
  i had a great time , everyone was nice , and it was really easy to start up conversions and have a couple of beers with the locals . 
  that means you are pretty great in my book . 
  you look like the type of guy that would drink all my beer of i invited you into my home . 
  not in an asshole way , but more like a `` i ca n't keep up with this guy '' way, 
  creditors might cut them off from future credit , sue the greek government , or the greek government could have their assets in foreign countries seized to pay off their debt of greece did that . 
  well i think at least , that 's just me speculating, 
  because men and women are biologically different , where men are more physically apt for the stress of warfare . 
  not sure why you need this explained to you . 
  it 's been true throughout human history . 
  when you watch war movies , or read about military history , is the the first thing that comes to your mind `` look at all those sexists fighting each other ! '', 
  lol . 
  i really hope europe does not break up . 
  considering there are secession movements in the uk and spain , it seems certain that more countries would exit the eu than entered it which is rather bizarre . 
  there are simultaneous movements in europe for countries to break apart , yet join a larger super state ; and countries pushing for tighter integration and countries pushing for more sovereignty . 
  europe is being pulled in multiple directions . 
  how will it reconcile these mutually opposing forces ? 
  the future of europe will certainly be interesting to watch unfold in front of us . 
  i guess everyone needs a kick in the ass sometimes . 
  seems like this issue could be resolved quickly of there was sufficient motivation . 
  yeah i suppose . 
  seems like pure laziness on behalf of the us government . 
  not sure why they did n't just lift the visa requirements for those countries . 
  it does n't seem like a political issue considering immigration for those countries is never mentioned in the media , and no one on the streets even talks about it . 
  our immigrating concerns are related to latin america , not eastern/central european countries . 
  maybe there were to many other distractions/higher priority issues ? 
  i doubt it though . 
  lifting the visa requirements seems like a purely procedural/administrative issue . 
  this would not have helped not hurt anyone politically since no one cares about this issue ... wonder what the hold up was then ? 
  that sucks dude . 
  i would feel really depressed if i needed a visa to go to afghanistan or algeria . 
  that would totally ruin all of my travel plans !, 
  that 's a bummer man . 
  have you seen one ? 
  it 's kinda weird looking . 
  definitely looks like something between a big clit and an odd penis . 
  so ... not sure how to answer that one, 
  no it does n't . 
  india 's concept is different and applies to eunuch 's or hermaphrodite . 
  people who are n't really male or female . 
  it does not suggest someone with s penis can be a woman or vice versa . 
  what a terrible argument . 
  they were born human , nothing can change that . 
  just like if someone is born male , chopping off their penis does n't make them a woman , out makes them a guy without a dick . 
  was that a serious question ? 
  there certainly are decent arguments to be made for conscription , especially during war , instead of a purely volunteer populace . 
  particularly in my country that borders moo hostile countries . 
  for one , it makes the populace think twice about going to war if everyone had to send their sons and daughters off to war instead of assuming someone else 's children will go over and fight, 
  why did facts bother so many people, 
  you do realize if you lined up every human that exists now , and has ever existed , 99.999999999999 % would agree with me . 
  there are crazy people in this thread and it ai n't me, 
   your ignorance is appaling and the fact this is a somewhat common belief by somewhat common , you of course mean unanimous throughout the course of human history , and unanimous outside small , left-wing circles in western societies . 
  your view is a tiny minority . 
  and yes , we need more sexual education because you seem to have completely skipped your classes, 
  it 's an observational fact . 
  is telling `` someone if they do n't have wings and a beak , you are not a bird '' hateful ? 
  your use of hatred is completely ridiculous and manipulative, 
  i fail to see where the hatred part comes in . 
  i can disagree with someone with the emotion of hatred coming into play,
