  deposits of citizens will be sacrificed or lost to save the bulgarian economy . '' the e-mail concluded with a proposition : `` in connection with these facts , we have an attractive offer how you can protect your money . '' it is unclear who ordered the attack on fib . 
  bulgaria 's authorities have launched a criminal investigation . 
  the run on ccb had more obvious reasons . 
  on june 20th , bulgaria 's central bank put ccb under supervision and suspended its operations after more than 20 % of deposits were withdrawn in a week causing a liquidity crunch . 
  the reason for the run on the bank was a public spat between tsvetan vassilev , a businessman and the bank 's largest shareholder , and delyan peevski , a controversial businessman and member of parliament for the ethnic turkish minority party , dps . 
  mr peevski , who is said to have built his family 's media empire with loans from ccb , claimed in media statements that mr vassilev planned to kill him . 
  mr vassilev denied this and , in turn , accused mr peevski of sending him threatening text messages . 
  ccb is due to open again on july 21st , according to bulgaria 's central bank , which has begun delving into the lender 's accounts and has appointed independent auditors to find out what went wrong . 
  if rescue talks fail , bulgaria plans to nationalise ccb . 
  despite these banking woes , bulgaria managed to sell $ 1.49 billion of ten-year government bonds on june 26th , attracting strong demand from international investors whose bids more than doubled the amount on sale . 
  the 2.95 % annual coupon was the country 's `` lowest ever '' in an auction , said the finance ministry . 
  oh definitely . 
  even in my own experience i have gotten more and more interested in soccer/football with each world cup . 
  i thought soccer was garbage the first time i watched it , the 2nd world cup i watched i was a little more open to it , and with this one i can genuinely say i appreciate the sport now . 
  there are still obstacles though . 
  i do n't even think our own soccer league is broadcasted on tv . 
  how are we supposed to sustain interest when the sport is n't even televised ? 
  and when it comes to improving our talent , there really is n't a clear path of going pro , as there is no male soccer league at the university level ( and our universities are basically our minor leagues for every sport ) . 
  anyway , both of those issues can be overcome , and i suspect they will be . 
  but i see these changes taking place over the course of a decade , not in the next few years . 
  it will be interesting to see if this passion for the game lasts . 
  every world cup they talk about if soccer/football will finally catch on in the us , only to see that energy dissipate soon after . 
  maybe this time will be different . 
  who knows ... 
   i 'm neither a lawyer or a firearms expert so i would expect my argument here to be picked apart by either , but i 'll have a go . 
  fortunately , there are not many of those on reddit , and even less so on / r/europe , so your argument will not be picked apart . 
  i certainly ca n't because i too am none of those things . 
   i realize that there are many holes in this argument , not least covering people who want to carry weapons , such as hunters . 
  i guess if you 're not currently using it ( at a range , hunting , or some other legal purpose ) it should be disassembled just out of curiosity , why ? 
  why do you believe gun owners should only be able to transport a firearm that is disassembled ? 
  i do n't have numbers , but i think violence linked to people transporting assembled firearms would be quite low . 
  it also defeats the purpose of people who carry side arms for protection , something millions of americans do on a regular basis . 
  would you make a distinction between different types of firearms ? 
  pistols vs. hunting rifles vs. assault rifles ? 
   unless locked up in your home . 
  yeah i think every gun owner should own a gun safe and keep their firearms locked up . 
  but how do you enforce this ? 
  how do you enforce making firearms be disassembled at someone 's home ? 
  how would you define disassembled ? 
  some people might say that removing the magazine constitutes disassembling the gun . 
  some might say removing the barrel . 
  this can go all the way down to the removing every part , screw , and spring . 
  in any case , i do n't think that is the way to go . 
  it kind of defeats the purpose of having a firearm if it can not be in an assembled state when carrying it around . 
  really ? 
  i just moved here a year ago and the people that have lived here make it sound like its a total pain in the ass to get . 
  i probably would still apply for a foid card , but i am not sure how long i will live in this state , and i live in the ` burbs of a small city so i do n't really have a reason to own a firearm . 
  i 'm not really pro or anti gun . 
  i want to own a firearm , but the slightest inconvenience to me in acquiring one is enough to make it not worth it for me . 
  i suspect that is true for a number of people here . 
  ah thanks for elaborating on your initial comment . 
  yeah that guy is obviously trying to make a statement . 
  something like that should really only be legal if you are in the process of walking from your car to the firing range , not walking through your neighborhood . 
  i will never understand people who do that shit . 
  yes it is legal to walk around like that ( in certain cities/states ) , but why do it ? 
  obviously you will intimidate the fuck out of people walking around like that . 
  it may be your right to do so , but if exercising that right scares the shit out of people , you should probably refrain from pulling stunts like that . 
   i would advocate for a total ban on open-carry . 
  that means that the only option is concealed carry . 
  i do n't see how that is any better . 
  hell , at least with open carry , you can so if someone has a gun . 
  banning open carry means you have absolutely no idea if someone has a gun or not . 
  this is the salient point here . 
  the state i live in ( illinois ) requires a foid card ( firearm owners identification ) to get any gun . 
  you have to send in an application , and it takes anywhere from 2 to 6 months to get your approval . 
  and that is if they approve it . 
  it can be rejected for any , arbitrary reason and they do n't even need to tell you why . 
  it 's a pain in the ass , but it does prevent people from acquiring firearms easily ( i guess that 's a good thing if you are anti-gun ) . 
  i moved here from arizona though . 
  there are gun stores everywhere . 
  all you have to do to get a gun in that state is walk up to a counter and purchase one ( there is actually a quick background check , they scan your name to see if it is flagged on a database somewhere ) . 
  but yeah , some states you can buy your first gun in 20 minutes or so . 
  some states take several months to get your first gun . 
  and some cities outright ban them . 
  there really is no universal , coherent set of gun laws here . 
   1 ) is n't belgium harmless ? 
  should i really hate it ? 
   yes . 
  it is your patriotic duty as an american to hate belgium this week . 
  that 's all i need to know . 
  consider your nation hated , belgium . 
  his comment was funny . 
  yours was just mean . 
  plus , he had a point . 
  you did n't . 
  i subscribe to it . 
  i do that more for other people that do n't know that trick . 
  i just post the text to avoid people asking me to do that . 
  well that was a little uncalled for . 
  what 's with the cheap shot ? 
  ha ha . 
  i own that book . 
  and the follow up book too . 
  i was definitely thinking of polandball when he was talking about the emergence of poland as an upstart power . 
  you know he 's thinking `` this would be way cooler if this was the oval office , instead i 'm in this lousy knock-off version '', 
  i 'm guessing it is because it is virtually unheard of for most people here . 
  hell , i live in a house over 100 years old and it has indoor plumbing . 
  that 630,000 number may sound large , and may make it sound like it is decently common , but we have a large enough population where those 630,000 households could all be in remote , rural areas . 
  i do n't spend any time in those areas , and neither do the vast majority of the population . 
  so if i have never heard of a building of any kind not having indoor plumbing , nor has anyone that i know , it is easy to see why i would think that is not an issue .
