  my landlord is my age ( 26 ) , and owns 3 or 4 houses ( although he buys older cheaper homes , and fixes them up so its not liking he 's going around buying brand new mansions ) . 
   ... but at the moment some things in this country can make me tear up considering i 'm a retired marine that had to move back in with his mother after getting a honorable discharge due to government budget cuts . 
  this sort of stuff happens though too . 
  if you work for the government here , the pay will be modest . 
  you wo n't be poor , but you will probably never be more than just `` good enough '' to justify what you what do . 
  and the specter of budget cuts is always looming . 
  the private sector is much better to work for . 
  my brother is in the army reserve ( kind of like being retired , but you still have to occasionally do stuff for them ) , and he is barely getting by . 
  he still lives in his own home with his wife and kids , but he lives in rural texas where the property/housing is very cheap . 
  he probably would be struggling a lot more if he lived in the city/suburbs . 
  but then again i guess that kind of makes sense . 
  the netherlands is rather constrained by its geography , where the us basically spans a continent . 
  there is never a shortage of land here , so i guess we do n't face the same obstacles you guys do . 
  good luck though . 
  hopefully you can get your own place soon . 
  that jesus talk is for the rural folk . 
  i do n't hear much jesus talk in the 5-6 or bix cities i 've lived in , unless someone is using jesus in the form of `` jesus * mother fucking * christ '' after they drop something heavy on their foot . 
  i know america has this reputation of being super religious , but i would have to look far and wide to find devout christians . 
  everyone else is just a christian on christmas , and that 's probably to satisfy some grand parent . 
   if you wish to have a normal family home and you are not renting from a social corporation you will be paying around 1000 euro 's a month ... and somebody that 's single simply ca n't afford that unless you have a very , very well paid job but in that case you 'd most likely not be renting in the first place . 
  that 's about what a modest home 's monthly mortage is where i live . 
  i think 1000 euro 's is roughly 1300 dollars right now . 
  it 's definitely a stretch for a single 20-something year old to afford . 
  it can be done , but that means cutting back elsewhere . 
   sadly though , since eastern europeans started coming to our country over these last 10 years the waiting list has been going up and up meaning that if you 're young and start getting on that list you will have to wait 7 to 30 years . 
  with 7 years you can get a small flat if you 're very lucky . 
  okay , that really puts `` housing shortage '' in perspective . 
  that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  i 've never even heard of a waiting list for housing before ( maybe for only for flats in the middle of a big city due to their premium location , but that 's it ) . 
  i guess that gives you plenty of time to save though , but having to wait more than a decade ? 
  that 's just a shit situation all around . 
  that also sucks about the 2-4 year head start that foreigners get . 
  does that apply to a foreigner from any country , or is it just foreigners from eu countries ? 
  i think it would be strange for the netherlands to give me a 4 year head start as an american , who probably has more wealth than a typical eastern european , and similar wealth to a local . 
   it would take six hours to get there by train ... well , there goes my image of europe that every country is basically a 3 hour drive away . 
  maybe it was wishful thinking , but i was kind of hoping that you could take a days train ride and see most of europe ... 
  i guess i kind of need to go there myself to dispense of these false notions . 
  that is basically identical to what happened in the us . 
  so you followed our lead from one blunder to another . 
  those housing projects are what is simply called `` the projects '' in the us , or by its other name `` ghettos '' . 
  they too were built to house the low income populace . 
  but i guess nobody had the foresight to see that concentrating all the poor in one area , and even one building was not a good idea . 
  the apartments were n't kept up , crime spiralled out of control , and this pushed local businesses away , essentially condemning these areas to penury . 
  an attempt was made to correct this via nina/ninja loans , and due to lack of foresight , this eventually imploded the global economy . 
  so the us 's two grand attempts to provide housing for the poor led to systemic poverty , and entrenched ghettos , then a global economic collapse ... we suck at helping the poor . 
   ps : stupid firefox crashed when i was typing this . 
  had to write it all over again < _ < thanks for taking the time to type all that out again . 
  i 'm surprised you are as well versed as you are in the subject of german gaming and german cencorship since you are not german . 
  that was super informative . 
  i think i 'll crack open a few beers , and play some call of duty when i get home in solidarity with my fellow gaming brethren . 
  i 'll never take gratuitous violence for granted again . 
  it should make you curiou . 
  give in to your curiousity . 
  how far away from amsterdam are you ( i know that 's cliche , but i know of nowhere else you can get pot easily and legally in europe ) ? 
  i know friends of mine that got pot brownies there . 
  they are perfect if you have nothing to do on a saturday afternoon . 
   ... donald tusk , re-elected in 2011 , has made modernising the armed forces a priority . 
  this year 's defence budget of $ 9.5 billion has grown by 7 % over 2012 , bringing poland close to the 2 % - of-gdp target that all nato members are supposed to meet , but very few do . 
   the defence minister , tomasz siemoniak , has announced that $ 43 billion is earmarked for military procurement to replace outdated weaponry , much of which hails from the soviet era , over the next ten years . 
  the share of the defence budget going on equipment will rise from 15 % to 33 % . 
  on mr siemoniak 's shopping list is a missile-defence system , new ships for the navy , upgraded tanks , military training aircraft , 70 helicopters , unmanned aerial vehicles and better equipment for ground troops . 
  this is part of a military overhaul that began with the end of conscription in 2009 . 
  the new all-volunteer army of about 65,000 active personnel , supported by a much larger part-time reserve , is nimbler and more deployable than its lumbering predecessor . 
  that is crucial for the expeditionary missions that have preoccupied nato since the cold war . 
  maybe the polandball stereotypes need to be revisited . 
  it looks like poland is rather serious about bulking up . 
   a clear political purpose lies behind this . 
  out of loyalty to america , poland joined george w. bush 's `` coalition of the willing '' , sending a brigade to fight in iraq . 
  it dispatched a 2,600-strong contingent to the tough eastern province of ghazni in afghanistan , where almost 40 polish soldiers have died . 
  ** increasingly , poland seeks influence within nato that reflects its size and new prosperity . 
  ** having modern armed forces that can be sent into action when a crisis hits gets you a place at the decision-making table , especially when other countries are slashing defence budgets . 
  it looks like poland is hitching its economic cart to germany , and its military cart to the us . 
  i wonder if in a few years poland can be more than a bit player , and be a power in europe in its own right . 
  that would certainly be an interesting development . 
   ** another theme of polish security policy is the need for nato to move away from intervention in far-flung lands towards a renewed emphasis on territorial defence and a commitment to article 5 ( which treats an attack on one nato member as an attack on all ) . 
  ** poland sat out the libyan campaign in 2011 , believing it to be an unnecessary diversion from nato 's core purpose . 
  mr sikorski notes russia 's rapidly growing defence budget -- this year it will rise by more than a quarter -- and the belligerent tone that vladimir putin 's kremlin uses towards the west . 
  he calls poland 's relations with russia `` pragmatic but brittle '' and , after the war between russia and georgia in 2008 , he sees conflict in europe as only too `` imaginable '' . 
  i would like to see nato re-focus on its initial task . 
  that is , the defense of mainland europe . 
  it does n't do nato 's reputation any good when its deployed in middle eastern countries that pose no threat to the west . 
  this would be especially timely as the russians seem to be flexing its muscles as well , and becoming increasingly aggressive . 
   poland and other nato `` border countries '' were concerned about the russian-belarusian zapad and ladoga military exercises in 2009 , which simulated attacks on the baltic states and poland . 
  they also point to the increased activity of russian bombers close to the airspace of nato members and the threats from moscow of preventive attacks on parts of the european missile-defence system that america is deploying in stages . 
  any poles care to weigh in on this ? 
  do you think the time is right for poland to assert itself with a little more confidence ? 
  how do you feel about poland potentially becoming a major player in europe ? 
  i for one think all of these developments are very encouraging . 
  maybe we can cut polandball a little slack , or at least make his ball a little bigger . 
  these jokes of a weak and helpless poland might have to get thrown in the trash . 
  in the form of baked goods , it is much more powerful than smoking it . 
  never had a pot brownie ? 
  here is what happens . 
  you eat it . 
  you wait for a long time . 
  you forget you even ate it ( and possibley eat another one ... bad idea !!!, 
  ) , and slowly , yet surely , you realize that you are stoned out of your mind . 
  this lasts for a few hours , as opposed to maybe 45 minutes if you just smoke it . 
   germany is quite the inverse to america when it comes to violence ( us : `` yay ! '', 
  and sexuality ( us : `` no ! '',
