  segregation in hungary is rising , partly driven by `` white flight '' . 
   a third of pupils in czech schools for the mentally disabled are roma , a higher share than two years ago . 
  this prompted the european commission in september to launch a case against the czech republic for discrimination . 
  in april it did the same for slovakia . 
  if these countries do not change , they could face hefty fines . 
  yet politics stands in the way of reform . 
  anti-roma sentiment is increasing in bulgaria and hungary , where minority-bashers gained parliamentary seats last year . 
  hungary 's jobbik , led by the founder of a black-clad brigade of thugs who terrorised roma neighbourhoods until banned in 2009 , took 21 % of the vote . 
  other parties now court anti-roma voters . 
   slovakia 's prime minister , robert fico , is no stranger to anti-roma talk . 
  neither is hungary 's viktor orban ; his government 's best-journalist award in 2013 went to a broadcaster who was fined by the media regulator for calling roma `` apes '' . 
  such indulgence gives the nod to discrimination . 
  one 11-country analysis by the un development programme found that in 2011 roma men with only primary education earned 11 % less than non-roma men ; for those with secondary education the gap was 24-39 % . 
  last year slovakia 's financial policy institute sent a batch of fictitious job applications to employers ; 37 % of those with roma names got a response , against 69 % of the rest . 
   such prospects , says zeljko jovanovic of the open society foundations , drive roma who succeed through education to hide their ethnicity and cut ties with the places where they grew up , depriving these areas of good examples . 
  migration data are lacking , but roma are present in most rich eu countries , getting a mixed reception -- from having makeshift camps bulldozed in france and italy to being offered help in belgium and germany . 
   many are drawn by generous welfare systems . 
  some seek more lucrative lawbreaking , from pickpocketing to serious crimes . 
  but surveys find that most who migrate do so for work . 
  around a fifth of roma households in bulgaria have a family member working abroad , says alexey pamporov of the bulgarian academy of sciences . 
  many go back and forth for seasonal jobs in construction or agriculture . 
  but not all . 
  `` are they looking for nurses in england ? '' asks ms atanassova , who will soon be one . 
  this article reads like a highlight real of issues facing the roma community . 
  obviously i have no experience with them , so my knowledge is limited to articles and such . 
  but i can not help but think that nothing will change for the reasons listed in the first paragraph . 
  `` no role models '' and `` asked about their aspirations , seven in ten say they want to become pimps , '' how are governments supposed to fix a people with no role models , and no aspirations ? 
  you simply can not force a group of people to want to change their value system , that is impossible . 
  thoughts ? 
  i could see how you could make that argument , especially when it comes to nato allies . 
  by relying on the us , they are in effect receiving a defense subsidy since they can allocate that money elsewhere . 
  it might be a flimsy argument , but i would n't exactly tell someone they were wrong for making it . 
  thank god my great granddaddy got on that boat . 
  oddly , when i point out the reverse ( the amount of people who get their opinions about my own country from reddit ) , that does n't seem to get people up in arms . 
  is sweden off limits from criticism or something ? 
  i can tell when people on this sub form most of their opinions about america from reddit because of the obvious parroting of buzzwords . 
  i guess that 's alright though . 
  i am ? 
  my mom is gon na be so disappointed when she finds that out . 
  give me a second to google some ... 
  but seriously , you do n't need to know names in order to tease out some basic features about politics in another country . 
  especially when those political issues appear on reddit on a weekly basis . 
  you can form some very basic assumptions after reading about a dozen articles on the subject . 
  let 's be real here . 
  where there is smoke , there is fire . 
  sweden would not have become the poster child for naive progressive politics if there was n't at least some small amount of truth to it . 
  are you talking about social issues ? 
  economic issues ? 
  both ? 
  i hate comparing different countries to each other and using this left-right axis since it is a clumsy tool to use at best , and can completely worthless at other times . 
  sigh ... i am talking about the tone of political discourse between countries . 
  and from the outside looking in , the tone of political discourse in the uk and the rest of europe is no more enlightened than the tone of discourse in america . 
  i linked two different polls which came to two different conclusions and recognized in my comment that one could find numbers for whatever claim they wanted to make . 
  i also noted that the pew poll only included muslims in the balkan peninsula , and nowhere else in europe unlike that other poll . 
  you provided no sources for your claims and i am the stupid fuck ? 
  i am not referring to the parties you can vote for , but the tone of political discourse . 
  those are two very different things . 
  ok . well i guess what i meant was he is already very familiar with the us through years of experience as an adult in america . 
   by all means , america seems like it would be this guy 's biggest nightmare the guy who wrote that article is american ... 
  there is also no such thing as an ethnic canadian who speaks the language called canadian . 
  and canada has been an immigrant nation essentially since it 's inception . 
  why do you think one % of foreign born population in a country is comparable to another ? 
  the circumstances are entirely different . 
  and yours are so enlightened ? 
  lol . 
  was it better and more pure when it was `` far left '' ? 
  it must be so easy to dismiss someone 's observations because you think they are a `` retarded american republican '' . 
  how convenient for you . 
  no thinking required on your behalf . 
   ignore and move along !, 
  that 's how we got here in the first place . 
  it seems ignoring and moving along is precisely the one thing that should not be done . 
  probably the same as most people ... as long as they are integrating , assimilating , and contributing then the problem should be mitigated . 
  but i do not think that any country can take an infinite number of immigrants and be able to turn them into productive members of society ( the immigrants themselves need to put more effort making this happen than the governments though ) . 
  each country having its own unique limit . 
  i also do not think that just because immigration is good for one set of countries ( us , canada , australia ) means it is good for other countries ( ethnically homogeneous european countries who 's roots as an ethnic nation state stretch back over centuries ) . 
  i very much believe that preserving the ethnic complexion of a country is not an evil thing to be denounced , and that the native citizens of those countries have more of a say in how they want their country to look by virtue of their lineage giving them more of a stake in the matter . 
  so if a country wants to shut off immigration ( even if just from specific countries ) , that is their right to . 
  you know what , i was gon na ask you to provide a source for your polls . 
  but we both know we can each google whatever we want and find polls backing up our claims . 
  from what i see , it seems to be about 30-40 % favor a government with a religious complexion , and about 60-70 % from this [ pew poll ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-religion-and-politics/ ) ( oddly , it does not survey muslims in western europe , only in southeastern europe ) this [ poll ] ( http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/4092/europe-islamic-fundamentalism ) from the gustav stresemann foundation suggest the opposite :  according to the study ( german and english ) , which was funded by the german government , two thirds ( 65 % ) of the muslims interviewed say islamic sharia law is more important to them than the laws of the country in which they live . 
  so i guess it comes down to which poll you want to believe . 
  my forefathers learned english within a few years of coming to this country , ensured their children spoke english as their primary language , and made damn sure to integrate and contribute right off the bat . 
  the same can not be said for hundreds of thousands of immigrants today . 
   then wait a couple of generations . 
  that 's a longer time than you seem to realize . 
  many people are n't comfortable `` waiting '' a couple of generations to see if the problems go away . 
  it also seems like you are leaving a lot to chance , hoping that somewhere down the road the issue will be resolved . 
  you may not be trying to say this , but a lot of people would see this and think this implies you are keeping your head in the sand , hoping that time will fix everything . 
  you do n't even consider that after a few generations , the situation could have gotten much worse . 
  do you think it 's worth the risk ? 
  do you think other people in your country believe it is worth the risk ? 
  i definitely agree that there is some truth to that ( although in fairness , i do not live in sweden so i can not be 100 % sure ) . 
  i can see this in my own country , and many other western countries . 
  there are a lot of people who are `` progressive '' seemingly for the sole reason of impressing others with their open mindedness . 
  they do not have coherent goals , other than demonstrating how `` enlightened '' they are to other people . 
  it 's absurd theatrics , and it is dangerous when taken to extremes . 
   poverty and lack of education are the core of the radicalization . 
  the wood that feeds the flame of fanatism and ignorance . 
  radical imams and holy jihads are the spark that lights the fire , but it is useless without a poor insecure , marginalized , weak , ignorant victim .
