  that is the only point i am trying to make . 
  you can google whatever you want and find stories to support whatever argument you are trying to make . 
   even with their name `` broadcasted around the world '' they still keep their jobs , pensions , and get to live as free men outside of prison . 
  and i am saying this is not always the case at all . 
  many lose their jobs and are ostracized from the police force forever . 
  some do get those benefits you mentioned , and some live under constant fear of death threats . 
   in the us there is zero accountability . 
  no accountability ? 
  like having your name broadcast around the world and having your career ruined before any of the facts even come to light ? 
  yeah , police officers do get away with bullshit too often , they also get fucked over way too often also . 
  it goes both ways . 
   ` well , it has to be ok here , because it 's not as bad as in the states ' i think that 's the point ... why are you comparing yourselves to the us at all ? 
  at least you have a sense of humor about it . 
  i 'd probably be annoyed too if i was turkish . 
  i guess the only thing you can do about it is laugh and move on with your day . 
  you 're right . 
  i did misunderstand . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  as for your point on social security ... honestly , i have no idea how it should be considered . 
  that does n't really bolster your argument . 
  the us spends so much on healthcare because of how inefficient resources are allocated . 
  if we changed our system , we would be paying even less in taxes . 
  our taxes also include pensions and unemployment insurance . 
  however , if you are paying between 30-40 % in taxes , that 's really not a whole lot more than what pay . 
  it 's a little more , but the difference is n't really enough to make a big fuss about . 
  well that seems like an important detail to have left out . 
  we also have progressive tax rates that seem broadly similar to those levels . 
  they still are n't as high , but they are not far off . 
  no to what ? 
  i did n't ask a question . 
  i understand ... but plenty of countries seem to be able to do it without charging over 50 % income tax rates ( although to be fair , usually they just tax you elsewhere to make up the difference ), 
  what does malaka mean ? 
  wow ... that 's straight up theft at that level . 
  fuck that !, 
  it 's possible . 
  i think cars are necessary in la , not sure about san francisco though . 
  however , both of those places are obscenely expensive . 
  but are n't most large european cities also pretty damn expensive also ? 
  what is stopping europeans from offering a similar salary ? 
  not trying to be contentious , i genuinely do n't know the answer to that question . 
  ha ha . 
  how old were you when this happened ? 
  i do n't play computer games at all , but i guess it 's a pretty common stereotype of russian gamers that cyka is basically their go to word . 
  your brother taught you well . 
  when europeans are saying they do n't want to be like the us , that does not mean that they think the us 's system is bad ... it just means they prefer a different system more accommodating to the realities of europe . 
  i would n't look too much into it when they say `` let 's not be like the us '' . 
  well this is n't good . 
  it is ... and it 's hilarious . 
  i totally understand being against fracking if you live in a country in europe like the netherlands that has an extremely high population denstity . 
  i have a problem with it when you 're against it because you think it employs `` stone age tech '' ( never mind much of the techniques involved in fracking such as horizontal drilling are very , very new ) . 
  refering to the techniques involved in extracting shale oil and gas as `` stone age '' just betrays one 's ignorance on the subject . 
  there are reasons to be opposed to fracking . 
  but edwinthedutchman 's reason was just totally stupid . 
  ^ found the neckbeard, 
  you think fracking is done with stone age technology ? 
  no wonder you 're against it ... you know absolutely nothing about it !, 
  well as of now i have more upvotes than downvotes . 
  at the time of your comment , i assume i was being down voted for committing the crime of being kind to a russian . 
  where do you live ? 
  i can get a nice 2 bedroom apartment for half that where i live . 
  granted the city i live in only has like 100,000 people in it . 
  wow . 
  that was a very , very interesting article . 
  thanks for linking that . 
  just posted the body of the text as it 's own post . 
  it should be there now . 
  also , i guess you can open articles in an incognito tab and it you should be able to read it that way . 
  not sure though since i already subscribe to the economist . 
  in case of paywall :  `` no matter what the topic , it 's four to one against me , '' laments peter bofinger , one of the five members of germany 's council of economic experts , which advises the government . 
  the other four , he says , consider deficits and debt bad , oppose the european central bank 's quantitative easing as `` monetary meddling '' and believe austerity is the answer to the euro crisis . 
  in germany , says mr bofinger , `` i 'm the last keynesian -- and i feel like the last mohican . ''  the relationship between mr bofinger and his colleagues mirrors the gap that exists between german and anglo-saxon ( or latin ) views of economics . 
  german thinking on economics has long differed from the mainstream in other countries , including other euro-zone members . 
  in the past six years of euro crisis , the gap has become larger , more visible and more controversial . 
  sebastian dullien of the european council on foreign relations , a think-tank , says that this amounts to a `` decoupling '' of germany from the rest of the world . 
   such a stance leaves economists outside germany bewildered . 
  why are germans sceptical of attempts by the ecb to pep up europe 's economies ? 
  why do they insist on fiscal austerity in countries where demand is collapsing ? 
  and why are they obsessed with rules for their own sake , as opposed to their practical effects ? 
   the answers are rooted in german intellectual history , especially in ordoliberalism . 
  this is an offshoot of classical liberalism that sprouted during the nazi period , when dissidents around walter eucken , an economist in freiburg , dreamed of a better economic system . 
  they reacted against the planned economies of nazi germany and the soviet union . 
  but they also rejected both pure laissez-faire and keynesian demand management . 
   the result was a school that was close both in personal contacts and in its content to the austrian school associated with friedrich hayek . 
  the two shared a view that deficit spending for demand management was foolish . 
  ordoliberalism differed , however , in believing that capitalism requires a strong government to create a framework of rules which provide the order ( ordo in latin ) that free markets need to function most efficiently . 
   from the original ordoliberals sprang one big idea for state intervention when cartels dominated the economy : a muscular antitrust policy . 
  a second was a strict monetary policy that focused rigidly and exclusively on price stability . 
  a third was the enforcement of haftung , which means not just liability but also responsibility . 
  germany has tougher insolvency laws than america or britain , for instance . 
   through ludwig erhard , west germany 's first economics minister and second chancellor , ordoliberalism strongly influenced post-war economic policy . 
  there was a brief flirtation with keynesianism in the 1960s . 
  but germany passed its philosophy of antitrust vigour and monetary hawkishness on to the european union and the ecb . 
  there are ordoliberal fingerprints on the euro zone 's stability and growth pact , agreed on in the 1990s as a rules-based way of curbing budget deficits , even if it was a german centre-left government that first breached the pact . 
   the financial crisis of 2008 exposed the gap between germany and the rest of the world even more starkly . 
  in america it brought keynesianism back into fashion . 
  both george bush and barack obama responded with fiscal stimulus . 
  germany also adopted fiscal expansion , but many german economists cried foul . 
   then , as the euro crisis unfolded , says mr bofinger , he was `` permanently confronted with ordoliberal positions '' . 
  economists outside germany agree that microeconomic reforms were necessary . 
  but the germans almost uniquely argued for the anti-keynesian concept of spending cuts amid declining demand .
