  not a jew , and i am definitely not a sjw . 
  not everyone that stayed converted to islam , and numerous ethnic groups lived in the area for millenia . 
  but sure , if that is the version of history you prefer then feel free to believe whatever you want . 
  you could also easily say that the converts to islam oppressed the locals also . 
  but how long do you want to go back in history debating population exchanges and injustices ? 
  that shit has been happening in that part of the world for all of recorded history . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i rarely wade into this issue because it 's so fucking complicated . 
  if this was an easy , one sided issue with clear solutions , the israeli-palestinian issue would n't be talked about with few results to show for the better part of three generations . 
  by the way , i 'm flattered that you think i 'm a pro at deception . 
  in reality , i 'm just a dude behind a computer trying to make sense of the issues that come up , just like anyone else . 
  well , that ethnic group never left and existed there for the entire 2000 year span you are talking about . 
  more of their people came . 
  arabs also were n't in the area for most of human history , and also displaced locals when they arrived . 
  that process has happened countless times in the levant . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  what is this trying to tell me ? 
  how do you measure survival vs. self expression values ? 
  why ca n't i answer your question ? 
  here it goes . 
  almost every time i read an article coming from sweden , it looks like a policy advocated from someone 's tumblr blog . 
  have you heard of the adage `` so open minded your brains fell out '' ? 
  that 's the impression that i get from sweden ( hence , losing grip on reality ) . 
  or at least , that 's what all the news articles coming from your country seem to reaffirm . 
  it just seems like sweden is hell bent on demonstrating to everyone how open minded they are to the point where that becomes the most important thing in the world : to not appear racist . 
  to not appear sexist , or bigoted or whatever . 
  although that 's not really a bad thing by itself , when it becomes the singular fixation of an entire country 's psyche , it makes you look a little foolish . 
  once again , this is merely a perception i have from reading articles about sweden that make it to international press . 
  i think you have lost your grip on reality when anyone who criticizes you becomes a `` far right immigrant hater '' . 
  no they do n't . 
  it 's their home now whether the palestinians like it or not . 
  once again , you 've got some seriously fucked up views . 
  edit : where would they go ? 
  they are citizens of israel living in their own country . 
  do you feel the same should apply to muslims in europe ? 
  fuck off or get stabbed to death ? 
  so if you are born there , what are you supposed to do ... leave ? 
  you have a pretty fucked up view point , not gon na lie . 
  yeah i guess if i saw them attacking soldiers , or anyone representative of the government , i might think differently . 
  but stabbing someone at a bus stop is a quick way to lose sympathy for your cause . 
  so because i live in the us , i must be delusional ? 
  and how am i supposed to know this is not true ? 
  there is a quote from the pm in the article :  `` no , it is not classified as [ terrorism ] , '' lofven said in an interview to the swedish news agency tt . 
  `` there is an international classification regarding what constitutes or does not constitute [ terror ] . 
  as far as i know , the [ knife attacks in israel ] are not defined as terror . '' so am i just supposed to assume that never happened ? 
   commenting on the migrant crisis while probably not even meeting a migrant , ever . 
  uhh this article has nothing to do with migrants . 
  not sure how this is relevant at all . 
   jerusalem is part of the occupied settled territories under the un guidelines ; all of it ? 
  or just parts of it ? 
  either way , it is under de facto control of israel and is its capital . 
  it 's people should not have to endure random stabbings on a daily basis , and it does n't help when other western countries completely dismiss these attacks . 
  but a lot of these attacks are n't happening in those settled territories . 
  they are happening in jerusalem also ( well , at least somewhere , i do n't have a comprehensive list of the attacks and where they took place ) . 
  also , does that justify them walking up to random people and stabbing them to death ? 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  a bunch of people randomly stabbing israeli citizens on a daily basis is not terrorism ? 
  sweden seems to have completely lost its grip on reality . 
  i never said this was n't an issue the us does n't face . 
  i think it 's healthy if every country 's populace at least inquires how it 's tax dollars are allocated . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  it 's a prudent thing . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  jesus dude . 
  get off your soap box . 
  that does n't mean you should n't question the amount of taxes collected . 
  i 'm talking about maybe a 5 % difference . 
  maybe there is some bloat in the system ? 
  maybe you could return some money back to the tax payer ? 
  this is the type of stuff i am talking about , nothing major . 
  people should he able to have conversations about this type of stuff . 
  can we have the 3rd taxes instead of the first ? 
  having the highest level of taxes is n't necessarily a good thing, 
  yeah that 's what i figured . 
  i 've met quite a few swedes in my travels and they all looked at me like i was crazy when i shared my observations about their county . 
  they all seemed just as normal as anyone else . 
  but i guess that 's what happens when they only way i can peer into your country is through a reddit lens . 
  i tend to agree with you . 
  but that 's the beauty of the modern world we live in . 
  if you prefer the us system , well then move to the us . 
  if you prefer the scandinavian system , move the scandinavia ( well , it 's not that easy but you get the point ) . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  you mean what countries are able to do this ? 
  i 'm not going to do an exhaustive study about all western countries ' taxation levels and the services they provide for a reddit post , but it seems like most western countries have free higher education , healthcare , and have good infrastructure and all have lower levels of taxation . 
  i mean , do people really think that danes have it significantly better than every other country in the world ? 
  seems like swedes , norwegians , canadians , germans , brits etc. . . are all at least somewhat happy with what their state provides and all have lower levels of taxes . 
  anyway , point is , questioning tax levels should n't be heresy . 
  it should be a healthy discussion every country needs to have . 
  i mean , it 's possible it has happened of course , but it does n't mean it 's widespread . 
  for instance , reading the news from your country gives a similar impression : that the sjw mindset has taken such a firm hold of society that any sort of questioning of the status quo leads to instant ostracization from society . 
  of course that 's probably hardly the truth , but those are the impressions people get when the only information they get about other countries are from sensationalized internet stories . 
  i agree . 
  i just hate this flippant argument displayed here `` are taxes are higher than anywhere else in the world ? 
  who cares ? 
  look at all this stuff i get ! '', 
  even though other countries do the same with a much lower tax base . 
  in my mind , that attitude fosters complacency , where the state has no accountability with how it allocates tax dollars being the citizens are too damn smug and comfortable to question anything . 
   i was under the impression that criticizing capitalism lol ... not at all . 
  criticizing capitalism is like the hip , cool thing to do . 
  defending it ( at least in my schools ) would get you eye rolls from students who would think you 're defending some anachronism that oppresses the poor .
