  it is not a high relative number , but it is a high absolute number . 
  these are not 100,000 people born in the country and dispersed throughout the country . 
  these are 100,000 people that just appeared one day . 
  homes , food , and money will have to immediately allocated to these people . 
  structures like apartments , schools , and clinics can not be constructed overnight . 
  these things take time and money . 
  so do n't just dismiss that number as a trivial number . 
  it is not trivial at all . 
  100,000 people dumped on the lap of any country is a pretty large number to accommodate . 
  i 'm going to be honest with you and say that i disagree with you 100 % on your vision of an ideal society . 
  not only would i not want to see a world where there were no more unique cultures and peoples , i believe people are tribal by human nature , and such a country could barely exist as you see it . 
  also , i still do n't really understand why you want this . 
  i firmly believe that everyone who espouses the notion of multiculturalism does so ultimately for one reason : to appear progressive , tolerant , and open minded towards other people . 
  basically , people who have your views often do so simply for bragging rights `` look how progressive i am '' . 
  i think that is a terrible reason to permanently destroy the linguistic/ethnic/religious / cultural complexion of your country . 
  doing so because you think it makes you cool is not a good reason . 
   also , please stop bringing ethnicity into arguments . 
  makes me take you people even less seriously . 
  oddly the opposite is true for many people . 
  those that ignore ethnicity are not to be taken seriously . 
  i certainly would dismiss anything you would say if you suggested ethnicity did n't matter . 
  to me , if you say that , you might as well hold a huge sign over your head that said `` i 'm an idiot '' . 
  it is ridiculous to compare europe to america ( regarding immigration ) for a litany of reasons . 
  by the way , even though america is nation of immigrants , hardly anyone here would actually advocate for vast numbers of poorly educated , culturally alien people to move to the us en masse . 
  we like to selectively choose our immigrants based on qualifications . 
  we may be an immigrant country , but even we would never tolerate what is happening to europe right now . 
   that 's actually the biggest problem . 
  state pollicy largely reflects what people believe . 
  so the biggest problem to you is your government reflecting the will of the majority of your people instead of what you want ? 
   there no valid reason , for me , why this rectangle shaped area in the iberian peninsula should be a special place only for people who are `` portuguese , '' meaning , white , catholic ( or catholid influenced ) , and portuguese-speaking . 
  the fact that that rectangle is called portugal , and has always been the home of portuguese people is not reason enough for it to remain portuguese ? 
  why not ? 
  what benefit does it serve your country to radically alter the religious/ethnic/cultural complexion of your country ? 
  honestly , i am not trying to get in a fight with you . 
  i really want to know why you think your country would be better off if it was no longer based on an ethnicity with roots stretching back millenia into another generic , multicultural country . 
  why do you think a multicultural country is inherently better than one based on an ethnic nation state ? 
   certainly not yours correct . 
  but my country is one of the exceptions , it is certainly not the norm . 
  and just because my country does it , does n't mean yours should . 
   and in modern times , i believe it does n't have to be like that for europe . 
  why not ? 
  seriously , please tell me why and how european countries ( particularly small ones ) should willingly make their nations a mutli-cultural nation as opposed to an ethnic nation state . 
  and what would you say to your compatriots that disagree with you ? 
  that 's pretty much the reason most nations exist in the first place . 
  exactly . 
  and in the article , it says that the organizers of the festival wanted him to write a statement publicly expressing his support for the palestinian people , or make a video where he publicly supports palestine . 
  what a bunch of bullshit . 
  who do these people think they are ? 
  it 's a music festival . 
  i would decline making a public statement about anything if that was a requirement for playing at a festival . 
  i would n't make a video where i say i support my own mother !, 
  it 's just so stupid and trivial . 
  it might be a slightly different reason ( although barely ) , but it still an absolutely terrible reason . 
  why is `` palestinian sensitivity '' an important factor for a music festival ? 
   the reason of it is because he supports israel state and not palestine one . 
  is that some sort of crime now . 
  to be a musician with an opinion on that topic ? 
  damn . 
  i just got done reading that and thought they were all true . 
  so i basically just wasted my time . 
  what exactly was misleading about them ? 
  she may not have been the best spy , but she was definitely the hottest spy ever . 
  what an entitled little prick . 
   i thought hitler was only going to kill the jews , roma , handicapped and gays and then use the slavs as labour for the masterrace ? 
  `` only '', 
  i absolutely loved it . 
  it was definitely my favorite book of his . 
  and oddly enough , that quote you put up in your previous comment was the one quote that really stuck with me , it was the only one i could remember off the top of my head , and i think you could describe the entire book with that quote . 
  that 's why i kinda thought it was funny see you write it out ... i did n't anyone else would latch on to that one single quote . 
  also , if you like george friedman , check out some books by robert kaplan . 
  i 've read about five of his books and another one is in the mail that i should be getting shortly ( eastward to tartary ) . 
   `` the europeans will never change , they 'll just pretend like nothing ever happened '' . 
  i too recently read flashpoints, 
  we learned that from you guys :d, 
  the second option . 
  i think the us should watch from afar , letting europeans control all the diplomacy and sanctions as they so choose . 
  i want the us to only be involved if widespread military conflict breaks out throughout europe . 
  europe is obviously closer , and has more people and a larger economy then the us . 
  there are few reasons for america to be involved at all, 
   military conflict with russia by europe/us is not required to address this problem , that is not known yet . 
  no one can be certain where this will go , unless you know something i do not know . 
  i do agree with the diplomatic/economic approach though . 
  but i still believe this should be driven by the europeans primarily . 
  on a side note . 
  ukrainian corruption is also very real , very corrosive , and ca n't be tolerated . 
  just because we can work with this government , does n't mean we should . 
  i have no interest in seeing our economic/diplomatic/technological capital be frittered away on an inept government just because we are cozy with them . 
  do you think you really have a choice ? 
  i mean , would your government even be able to retake donbas or is it a lost cause ? 
  is that number for both sides or just the ukrainian side ? 
  the reality is , nobody here has an appetite for military conflict . 
  especially with russia . 
  this conflict has little to do with us . 
  arming ukraine in a huge scale would be high risk , little reward . 
  there is an increasing view that this is a european conflict , and it should certainly be able to handle this politically/economically/diplomatically / militarily ( if need be ) . 
  questions of outside intervention should be directed to the rest of the european continent before being directed to the other side of the world . 
  i do n't wan na come across as a dick , i 'm just trying to convey the mentality and reality behind the situation . 
   he is recorded as having executed tens of thousands of prisoners by his own hand , including his killing of about 7,000 polish prisoners of war during the katyn massacre in spring 1940 , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] making him the most prolific official executioner and mass murderer in recorded world history . 
  that pretty much makes him one of the biggest fucking assholes in human history also . 
  how the hell do you execute 7,000 people in just a few days ?
