  so the baltic states are pretty much doomed to russian domination for eternity . 
  if only relocating entire countries was possible ... 
  yeah the current situation is undesirable , i agree . 
  i also do not know if the us/uk fully knew what the ussr 's intentions for central/eastern europe were at the time . 
  i am guessing they did not know the full extent of stalin 's desires , and they probably were in no mood to go against the millions of troops he had in europe at the time . 
  so the generation that lost millions should have been a little cooler and lost a few million more ? 
  i wish we could go back in time and ask those soldiers `` so , you guys down for another round ? '' . 
  i 'm guessing their answer would have been `` no '' . 
  there was a lot tanks , soldiers , and land in between berlin and the edge of russia though . 
  that would have been difficult to pull off . 
  plus , we were allies with russia at the time . 
  it 's poor form to betray your allies right after you achieve victory with them . 
  so long estonia . 
  it was nice knowing you . 
   in short a russian attack would largely destroy the country and lead to huge losses , but this is understood and more or less accepted as the price to pay for freedom . 
  man , bordering russia sounds like its a real pain in the ass . 
  what is that ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't that the party merkel hails from ? 
  so would n't that mean their views align with the current government 's views ? 
  that 's interesting that you describe it as conservative . 
  can you eviscerate elaborate on why you described it as such . 
  i am used to thinking conservative means being pro-capitalist and having a hawkish foreign policy stance , which would mean a conservative view typically aligns with a pro-us view . 
  but that does n't seem to hold true for germany . 
  especially when one `` collaborates '' only because they have a gun to their head . 
  yup . 
  and if the funding is done at the state level , you can bet that every middling town along the way will want to be linked up , guaranteeing that the high speed train will never reach its max speed , and will muddle along at the same pace as the existing trains . 
  that 's some delightful irony , is n't it ? 
  ( although that 's not really an accurate description of the situation , it 's still humorous to think of it like that ) . 
  huh . 
  i did not know that . 
  i guessed they were illegal , or very difficult to obtain like in much of europe . 
  i have lived here for a year and have heard nothing about this so far . 
  my guess would be a north-south link between chicago and st. louis , that would run right through the backbone of the state , and link a number of other population centers together . 
  there is also pre-existing infrastructure for that , since illinois is well networked with rail lines , just not of the high speed variety . 
  her assessment is certainly correct . 
  it seems the outright majority of comment in the guardian , euboserver , cnn , and the economist seem to be overtly pro-russian . 
  i can not tell if these are astroturfers , or if these people seriously believe what they are saying . 
  i have to scroll down pretty far in the comments sections of these sites to find comments that are against russia ... funny times we live in . 
   a few years ago , the baltic states were considered `` hysterical '' for raising objections to the french agreement to sell moscow its state-of-the-art mistral-class amphibious assault ( also known as `` projection and command '' ) ships . 
  ...  the mistral warships are just the tip of eu arms transfers to russia . 
  the ambiguities of national positions and limitations of western leverage aside , there is one particular area which should immediately be on the table for discussion - exports of military equipment and military technology transfers that are taking place between some eu countries and russia . 
  ...  it not only boosts russia 's `` power projection '' capabilities , but also involves transfer of some sophisticated military technology that russia will be all too glad to incorporate into developing its domestic defence industrial base and future military capabilities . 
  ...  one recent sale is particularly worrying : german authorities have agreed to sell to russia a state-of-the-art brigade-level training facility , which is currently available only to the most technologically advanced western nations . 
   for rheinmetall defence , one of germany 's largest producers of military equipment , the order is worth over $ 100 million . 
  maybe lenin was right . 
  it looks like the west certainly is happy to `` sell us the rope with which we will hang them . '', 
  it 's bizarre to talk about sanctioning oligarch while we wo n't even stop selling the russians our weapons of war . 
  our approach towards russia could n't look anymore hopeless and confused than it is now . 
   if it had been some unknown foreign company than their might have been some oopmh behind cat 's whining . 
  [ * stares at computer and admires the siemens software i am using while working at cat * ] i agree . 
  can one legally obtain firearms in italy or are they all acquired illegally ? 
  yeah and we use siemens software extensively at cat so avoiding their company would not only be silly , but virtually impossible . 
  i understand ( or try to understand ) those peoples ' concerns . 
  for them , they could probably avoid purchasing german consumer products , but shutting siemens out of industry would be very difficult . 
  siemens usa also acts relatively independent of its operations in germany , and is almost like an american company at this point . 
  so any connection to nazi germany is pretty tenuous . 
  anyway , it just looks like siemens made the better bid . 
  yeah i personally do n't envision any covert protectionism in this project . 
  if it were to happen , the illinois dot probably would have made some moves by now , and that does n't seem to be the case . 
  and considering siemens already is well established and its presence is ubiquitous in american industry , it would be very unusual to raise a stink about siemens ' links to the nazi 's right now . 
  if someone protests this project , why not all the other business siemens has in the us ? 
  i can not imagine someone attacking siemens from any angle since they are a highly reputable company . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  consider this paragraph from the article :  earlier this month , caterpillar protested the siemens contract , claiming the company 's locomotives did n't meet the required speed of 125 miles per hour ( 201 kilometers per hour ) . 
  however , the illinois department of transportation , which handled the bidding process , rejected the protest last week . 
  nevertheless , caterpillar has filed a second appeal against the decision . 
  if there was going to be some populist backlash against this in any state , it would be in illinois . 
  caterpillar 's head quarters are in peoria , il ( i actually work there :d ) , and this would bring a lot of money into the area and would certainly boost the economy . 
  it is actually an encouraging sign for foreign business that the illinois dot * did not * accept the initial appeal . 
  however , just like the debacle with the sncf in maryland and florida , this issue could resurface as a holocaust/nazi issue as opposed to an issue with the bidding process . 
  the jewish community is robust and influential in illinois , and caterpillar as an absolute goliath in this state . 
  siemens faces * could * headwinds in the future for sure . 
  edit : added `` could '' , nothing is certain yet . 
  good . 
  at least those french nazi collaborators at sncf did n't win the contract / s, 
  thanks for the response . 
  i never heard of that sergei tretyakov guy . 
  i may have to read that book now !, 
  yeah there has definitely been a surge in russkies on the economist comment 's section . 
  i noticed that they have adopted benign , western sounding names to post under too . 
  maybe they think they are deceiving people ? 
  if they are , it does n't seem to be working very well . 
  why are the comments in spiegel always so rabidly anti-us , and fervently pro-russian ? 
  it 's not just this article , every article in spiegel always seems to be that way . 
  you call him a `` typical condescending american '' , and then call tarts `` fucking savages '' in the very next sentence ... are you * trying * to be a hypocrite ? 
  i do n't see how the benefits the us 's interests at all . 
  even providing indirect aid will provide plenty of propaganda material for russia that will add even more to the perception that we have our tentacles in every region in the world , fostering instability . 
  i 'd prefer we stay the hell out of this mess . 
  for russia , there is low risk and high reward , for the us , there is a lot of risk and no reward . 
  giving ukrainians weapons , money , and/or training will be of little benefit to the us . 
  i think we should step back and watch how this all plays out . 
  if anything , we will see what europe is really made of . 
  can they go toe to toe with the russians and get them to back to down , or will they fold like a cheap lawn chair ? 
  learning the extent of europe 's resolve is more important than playing silly proxy games with the russians . 
  he expects american backing ? 
  where did he get that impression ? 
  i hope he is n't expecting military aid because he watched some cnn :  in the united states , sen. john mccain , appearing on cnn , said crimea 's break-up referendum vote with a supposed 97 percent majority was reminiscent of `` the old soviet days '' , and he urged president barack obama to focus on provide enough military assistance to ukrainians `` at least so they can defend themselves . '' i hope ukrainians are n't listening to mccain 's little musings and think that this will translate directly into action . 
  they will be sorely disappointed . 
  if all europe and the us can come up with are some tepid sanctions , i would think that more substantial action like military assistance is out of the question . 
  this seems self-evident to me .
