  `` yet the bitter stand-off between france 's socialist leader and french business is a greater concern . 
  an alliance of private sector groups issued a `` state of emergency '' alert in october . 
  the employers group medef said business was `` in revolt across the country '' , warning that bankruptcies were accelerating and firms were slashing investment . 
  `` large foreign investors are shunning france altogether , '' it said . '', 
  clearly this would n't be happening if it was n't for the damned anglo-saxon press . 
  and the us also has millions that have worked and succeeded in passing laws allowing gay marriage . 
  plus , the us has about 250 million more people than france does , so france 's hundreds of thousands are our millions . 
  so what ? 
  all i was trying to point out is so many people think that there are only people against gay marraige in the us . 
  clearly that is not the case . 
  plus , if someone is against gay marraige , that does n't make them evil , that 's just their opinion . 
  if you are at all interested in gay marraige laws in the states ( i 'm not trying to prove a point , or get into a stupid debate about which countries are more liberal about gay marraige ) , here is some info : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage_in_the_united_states some states allow it , some states do n't . 
  plus i honestly do n't think a country 's approach to gay marraige is the best metric for comparing whose country is better than that . 
  i see reddit debates about the silliest things trying to prove that their country is better than someone elses . 
  edit : some spelling and stuff . 
  and realizing you are also from america , so you also already know that there are millions who support gay marraige . 
  this ca n't possibly be happening in france !, 
  reddit told me france ( and the rest of europe ) was a utopia !, 
  i thought france was a beacon , the pinnacle of social justice . 
  right ? 
  especially since they helped us win our independence . 
  i always wondered if that attitude came across as ungrateful . 
  especially when you are buying it from the us , so that none of that money stays in your country . 
  maybe they are trying to stimulate america 's economy . 
  `` vince cable , the business secretary , showed liberal democrat unease about the prime minister 's plans which he described as a `` massive disruption '' . 
  he said : `` i have to say that this whole issue of raising again in a fundamental way british membership and the terms of membership is a massive disruption and deeply unhelpful in my job . 
  i have to spend my time talking to business people , british and international , trying to have the confidence to invest here and create employment and the recent uncertainly is just deeply uncomfortable for the country . 
  * i think the warning shot across the bows yesterday from the united states was actually quite helpful as well as very timely * . '' '', 
  i sense a disconnect . 
  there were many brits here yesterday that seemed to strongly disagree with this sentiment . 
  as you noted , it 's from a simpsons episode . 
  i would n't worry about it too much . 
  they make fun of everyone . 
  i agree . 
  it 's time finland started pulling its own weight . 
  finland pay your debts !, 
  they felt bad for the us getting stuck with all the hate from muslim countries so they decided to help redistribute the hate so it was spread more fairly . 
  they 're good little socialists . 
  it should be a picture that resembles the scene at the last supper . 
  but instead of jesus at the center , it would be angela merkel . 
  and instead of the nations at her side , as her equals , they would be on their knees , clothed in squalor , hands cusped , begging for crumbs from her table as they proclaimed her in good faith `` the savior , * the messiah !, 
  * '' , naively believing she came to offer salvation . 
  ` merkel !, 
  lol . 
  you fuckers need to learn other languages . 
  i find that beneath me . 
  i also find it humorous that in america , the only use of the word `` paddy '' is in reference to a `` paddy wagon '' . 
  which is basically a van stuffed with drunks that are taken to the local jail to sleep off their drunkenness until they 're sober . 
  it got this term because those drunks in the van were usually irish . 
  it is true , but a lot of people in america that would say `` i 'm irish '' mean they are irish american . 
  it 's just a shorter way of saying it . 
  it 's pretty obvious they are n't implying they are from ireland . 
  i 'm half-irish ( as is literally everyone else in here ) , so i prefer `` half-breed `` or `` mongrel '' . 
  i guess it 's just when an american says `` irish '' , it means something else than , well `` irish '' . 
  whatever . 
  fuck it i 'm a plastic paddy . 
  that 's a little reassuring . 
  i kind of figured that , but seeing as i 've never spent time in europe it 's hard to tell . 
  ha ha . 
  understood . 
  it was fun talking shit with you . 
  by the way , what kind of business do you do in the us ? 
  and you are also an examplary model of what a brit should be . 
  by the way , americans love all brits not just the decent ones . 
  it does n't matter to us since we are all kind , forgiving people . 
  if you ever come state-side , just letting you know i will offer you a place to stay , and show you around to all the great restaraunts and bars my quaint little town has to offer . 
  it 's what any american would do . 
  maybe it 's just the / r/europe distortion , but i have n't seen anything remotely positive about america mentioned by any uk redditor . 
  i am not so sure those memories will fade . 
  i sense that their feelings towards us are much stronger than ours towards them , positive or negative . 
  i guess we 'll have to see . 
  i think that since they have such strong feelings about us , we must have strong feelings about them . 
  their emotions range from apathy to hatred towards us , our emotions range from apathy to admiration . 
  somewhere , there is a disconnect . 
  ( betwixt the two of us , i do n't think they really liked bush ... but they do n't realize that we did n't really like him either ) . 
  my comment to you began with me addressing the comment you made about the bust of churchill . 
  scroll down . 
  were people lining up to call barack o'bama a plastic paddy when he came to ireland to visit the origins his ancestors ? 
  on a more serious note . 
  look , i get where you are coming from , but perhaps you are willing to entertain a different perspective . 
  unlike european countries where your birth country is often your ethnicity and the lines of your ancestors can be traced back to that land , americans do n't have that . 
  there is no such thing as an american ethnicity ( besides the native americans ) , hardly any sense of american ancestory . 
  where i am born only goes back three generations . 
  half of my family line can trace its roots back to ireland ( both of my grandmothers are 100 % irish ) . 
  it is the dominate make up of my ancestory because the other portions are quarters and eighths . 
  so in america , when we ask each other what is your ancestory we usually respond with the dominate make up ( i.e. 
  german , italian , * irish * ... ) . 
  that is literally the only connection we have with our heritage . 
  that 's it . 
  every other link is long gone . 
  why do you want to shit all over us for that ? 
  i 've never heard of italians making up names for italian americans , and stripping them of the right to want to identify with their heritafe . 
  as far as i know , the germans and poles and every other european country are n't so snobbish about it either ( or if they are , they conceal it better ) . 
  think of this another way . 
  over the course of a century , several million irish left for america . 
  they took a gamble . 
  there are only 4.5 million irish left in ireland . 
  but because of these gamblers , there are now over 36 million people of irish descent in america !, 
  that 's basically an 8 to 1 payoff . 
  because of that there is a thriving irish bloodline on the opposite side of the planet .
