  you are wondering how an italian can be proud of their own country when other countries fare better on various metrics ? 
  that 's such a silly question i am almost wondering if you are serious . 
  you think a few thousand years of history to be proud of should be thrown out the window because your country currently performs mediocre on pisa scores or corruption indexes ? 
  being proud of your country has little to do with your current rankings in whatever metric . 
  it has much more to do with your past than your present . 
  this is so basic i am still not sure if you are serious or not . 
  but they are a lot closer to each other than they are to non muslims . 
  i know ... it 's silly . 
  we still have to deal with 10 million illegals . 
  we just have more practice with that , but it does n't mean we can cope with those kinda numbers easily . 
  we just know how to manage the fall out a little better . 
  it does n't mean everything is perfect though ... far from it . 
  i have no idea who the hell they asked to get those numbers . 
  i know no one who would want to send boots on the ground to another middle eastern country . 
  there is almost universal opposition to more involvement there , regardless of political affiliation . 
  honestly , if you included the option of `` let the bastards kill each other '' , i would be surprised if less than 90 % of americans chose that option . 
  unless i live in some weird bubble , there is zero appetite for more involvement . 
  other muslim countries ? 
  how should i know , i have only ever lived in my country . 
  muslims have integrated decently in my country , but it seems less so in others . 
  it has been this way in america for a long time . 
  complaining at all about nearly ten million illegal immigrants has always been a reason to be labeled a hateful racist ... well , at least among delusional liberals that is . 
  nobody wants them . 
  but seeing as most of these refugees are muslims , should n't other muslim countries be taking them in ? 
  i would think muslim countries would want to show empathy and charity towards other muslims . 
  in addition , muslims are not very good at integrating into non muslim countries . 
  so it seems the worst place for these refugees to go for compatibility reasons are european countries , and that they should go primarily to other muslim countries . 
  i take it that is not how this situation is viewed at all in morocco . 
  do you think these refugees would be better of with fellow muslims than in europe , or do you think that 's total bullshit ? 
  this seems to be a reflexive argument used by a lot of french people . 
  when your country 's poor employment figures come out , so many of you are so quick to say `` well it 's because we actually care about our workers unlike other countries ! '' . 
  do you guys think you 're the only country in the world that has laws protecting workers rights ? 
  do you think workers in other countries are miserable and destitute ? 
  also , you realize you can relax some laws without destroying all workers ' protection . 
  it 's not a binary , all or nothing issue . 
  so much schadenfreude , so little empathy ... 
  i hope france turns it around . 
  high unemployment is really bad for a country 's psyche , and being unemployed for long durations is really bad for a person 's dignity , let alone bank account . 
  good luck french bros. 
  this is the most accurate comment i have seen in a while . 
  so true . 
  true . 
  we can go back and forth all day on these things . 
  this is why i hate these arguments comparing the us to europe . 
  ca n't they just both be great places to live ? 
   also , the car thing is n't much different in european countries . 
  the cost of the car might be the same , but acquiring a driver 's license in europe is orders of magnitude more expensive than in the us , fuel is more expensive in europe too . 
  although i do n't really have hard numbers to back it up , from my impression i get in this sub it seems that insurance and registration fees are also higher in europe . 
  so while vehicles may cost the same , the ancillary costs associated with a vehicle are higher in europe than the us . 
  have you not heard of thomas malthus ? 
  people have been predicting doom from over population for a few centuries now . 
  it has n't happened yet though . 
  we have only grown more prosperous . 
  there is no reason to think we will not continue that trend . 
  so ... who pays the pension funds for everyone that 's retiring ? 
  fly me in and i 'll take care of it for you guys, 
  sounds like the type of lie of gypsy would tell . 
  nice try , but you did n't fool me . 
  that 's because there 's like a grand total of 3 important females in the world . 
  that 's like coming first in the special olympics . 
  who cares ? 
  this is a stupid metric anyway . 
  regardless of gender , she 's one of the most powerful persons in the world . 
  why does it matter that she 's the most powerful female ? 
  is he madly in love with himself ? 
   i did n't catch that after reading the article quickly . 
  and by `` reading the article quickly '' , surely you mean `` glancing at the headline '' and making wild assumptions about the us kidnapping them ? 
  starting to ? 
  it 's been like that for years now . 
  you sound really grumpy . 
  the story about the doctors towards the end of this article , and the state of greek hospitals is nothing short of a tragedy  recently he says he put in a month of consecutive 20-hour days and , not surprisingly , confesses to exhaustion . 
   `` i am burnt out , '' he said . 
  `` it 's very dangerous for the patients . ''  a week later , a tragedy struck mr. giannaros : his 26-year-old son , patrick , committed suicide by jumping in front of an athens subway train . 
   `` there was just an emptiness in front of him , '' mr. giannaros said between wrenching sobs in a brief telephone conversation . 
  `` the emptiness of the future they have taken away from us . ''  his son had finished university studies and , unable to find work in a country where more than half the young are jobless , was helping mr. giannaros at the hospital . 
   `` he saw no future , no way to help his family , '' mr. giannaros said . 
  `` now god has found him a job -- as an angel . ''  while mr. giannaros said he understood the importance of staying current with important creditors like the i.m.f. , he said enough was enough . 
   `` they can take their money , '' he said , using an expletive . 
  `` i feel ashamed to be a european . '' does the rest of europe simply not care when they hear stories like this ? 
  is there any empathy left in europe ? 
  for fucks sake , these are real people being affected by this crisis , and people are dying . 
  is making an example of greece really more important than saving the lives of your fellow europeans ? 
  and why in god 's name would we do that ? 
  are you suggesting we got to war with a nato ally to take back territory that has been under control of turks for over 500 years ? 
   for instance , the narrative is now being applied to the united states , attempting to de-legitimize her role in wwii and her very existence . 
  `` the united states is not a country , it 's just a place for immigrants . 
  you have no history . 
  `` russians have inhabited the motherland for a thousand years , '' are comments i hear frequently . 
  `` americans do n't read . 
  they are fat . 
  they have no sense of history or culture . 
  they are illiterate . 
  they are not sophisticated , a simple people , not worthy of greatness well that 's not a very nice thing to say . 
  we 're not * that * fat and stupid . 
  alaska is substantially larger than california or texas . 
  but i 'm guessing people are referring to the continental us , and not that frozen appendage of canada . 
  that is glorious, 
  i do n't really wan na waste any more energy with this . 
  i seriously just said that the `` zero accountability '' with every case was not true . 
  you can find articles/stories where there was zero accountability , you can find articles/stories where the officers lives were ruined before any of the facts came to light .
