  ** seriously ? 
  what the hell is this bullshit . 
  this is the type of crap i see in international media outlets that just slide sentences like this and the casual reader just accepts this as truth . 
  i have never seen or heard the un being described this way . 
  some conservatives may find the un useless , but not a `` tool of satan '' . 
  nobody even uses words like this . 
  that sentence sounds like it was written by the propaganda arm of north korea . 
  why would the author of this article tarnish his credibility , and the otherwise high quality of this article , by pandering to ridiculous stereotypes that resemble nothing in reality . 
  that 's unfortunately a tragic situation . 
  fortunately on both sides of my family , my grand parents live in close proximity to caring and loving family members . 
  i live at least 1000 miles from any grand parent , but i still see them when i go back home . 
  i sometimes wonder what will happen to my own parents though . 
  they live on opposite sides of the country and are re-married . 
  only one of my siblings live in the same state as one of my parents . 
  it 's hard to see the future and predict what will happen , but i would n't be surprised if they ended up in homes ( fortunately , that 's about 20 years away ) . 
  it 's just hard to maintain relationships when you are living your own life far from home . 
  oh shit ... maybe i 'm just an asshole then who does n't care about my own grandparents enough : /, 
  do you mind telling me what country you live in now ? 
  and how common this practice is ? 
  what you are describing is not * uncommon * in the us , it 's just less common . 
  probably about 25 % of families would do something like this in the us . 
  the rest would live separately , and the children would visit their parents/grand-parents a few times a year ( mostly around the holidays ) . 
  that could be the case . 
  it certainly seems that way in some european countries/cultures . 
  but to be fair , you mentioned your grandparents flying out when the balkans broke out . 
  do you think they would have flown out to live with you had war * not * broken out ? 
  that is an abnormal situation . 
   why would you leave home if you 're not married yet ? 
  maybe the reason they ca n't get married is because they are still living with their parents like a child . 
   i think putting your parents in a nursing when they can live with you is disgusting i think you are simplifying things . 
  one of the reasons that does n't happen is because it is * very * common for people to move out of state in after graduating high school . 
  if a family has 4 kids , it is very possible that all 4 could live in 4 different states thousands of miles/km away from their parents . 
  when the parents get old , what are they going to do ? 
  get on a plane with all their belongings and fly across the country to live with one of their kids ? 
  it 's kind of unrealistic . 
  it 's also unrealistic to expect the children to move near their parents again . 
  that would upend their careers , destroy the new life they have created in their new homes , they would have to take * their * children out of school etc. . . 
  it 's not `` disgusting '' . 
  it 's just reality . 
  it 's the way it is . 
  i figured that was because they were stuck in a library all day ... all kidding aside , i 'm guessing you are correct and i should n't be making fun of their profession . 
  since when do you need a degree to be a librarian ? 
  i just thought you had to be a post menopausal woman who got bored after all her children moved out . 
  good for poland . 
  at least one country in europe has the balls to start fracking . 
  any sort energy independence is fantastic for these countries . 
  if anything , it will loosen gazprom 's grip on europe 's energy market . 
  hopefully poland can develop on this initial success , and can expand on this in the future . 
  what about the rest of europe ? 
  what about southern europe ? 
  how stable is the situation in other countries beset by crisis ? 
  holy shit that was intense . 
  things look out of control over there . 
  thanks for video , keep 'em coming if you can . 
   everything that these people are protesting is happening in some form or another here in america . 
  our president turned away from the eu , and instead joined a customs union with russia ? 
  wow , we really do have a lot in common with the people of ukraine . 
  and your previous comment about food shortages ... have you been to a grocery store lately ? 
  i guess the shelves packed with food was misleading , and we are actually on the brink of famine . 
  there is virtually nothing similar between the reality the common citizen of ukraine faces and the reality the common citizen of the us faces . 
  it 's disingenuous to suggest that , and is kind of an insult to the people of ukraine . 
  their country is in the grips of a national crisis , ours is not . 
  how could you actually believe the words you type ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   the current situation in greece is significantly worse than what happened in the u.s. in 2008-2009 . 
  yeah i kind of gathered that . 
  i 'm just trying to get a sense of what the situation looks like from a regular greek 's perspective . 
  as naurgul mentioned to me earlier , greece is n't in ruins and people have n't resorted to cannibalism . 
  so yeah , i am trying to get passed the economic indicators and the headline articles , and am trying to get at what this is like living through it . 
  the situation is `` worse '' than the us in 2008-2009 , but what does `` worse '' actually look like ? 
  what does it really mean ? 
  if you are an employee at one of these jobs where you have n't been paid in months , at what point do you say `` where is my fucking money !!! '', 
  thanks . 
  it 's always hard separating perception from reality . 
  just reading the news from any country always gives someone a misleading sense of what 's going on . 
  if all i had for info was news , i would think that greece was basically in ruins , and destitution was widespread . 
  but then i try to remember my experience here ( the us ) in 2008-2009 at the height of the recession . 
  if one just read the news , one would think that the world was coming to an end . 
  but taking a stroll down the street showed that basically everything was still kind of normal-ish . 
  anyways , thanks for the insight , and good luck with your studies in the netherlands . 
  i do n't even know what to say , the whole situation is fucked up from top to bottom and every which way in between . 
  i am pretty sure you are greek , and if so , do you still live there ? 
  what is the situation like on the ground ? 
  when i read stuff like this , it is hard to tell if the stories you hear are indicative of a widespread issue , or if these are just things that are happening at a low level . 
  with the amount of tragic news coming out of greece , what is keeping the average greek staying in greece ? 
  what makes them get out of bed in the morning instead of wallowing in depression ? 
  do you think the average greek knows at least one friend or family member who is unemployed , and struggling to pay the bills right now ? 
  how widespread is this ? 
  that 's a whole lot of awful right there . 
  over 100,000 households and * businesses * without electricity ? 
  are those households resorting to chopping trees down for the fireplace , and using candles for light ? 
  what do they do in the winter ? 
  and how do businesses * stay * in business with no power ? 
  also , i do n't get the part where people are going months without getting paid . 
  i 've seen this same issue with other countries in europe . 
  why do people still go to work if they are not getting paid ? 
  what are their employees telling them about why they are n't getting paid ? 
  how the hell do these people pay their bills when the job they have is n't giving them their damn paychecks ? 
  fuck that 's a shitty situation . 
  i think one could easily make the same case for eastern europe .
