  but maybe klitschko was told something behind closed doors that we do n't know ? 
  it 's this article again . 
  let the great cheese debates commence !, 
  your point ? 
  are no other frames of references relevant here ? 
  car sharing is just becoming a thing here , and it certainly has n't spread to every city . 
  also , cars are considered the embodiment of personal freedom here , that aspect of our culture will probably never go away . 
  i can tell you that i would personally never live without a car . 
  it 's unthinkable . 
  that 's certainly one aspect . 
  that also assumes you never leave the city . 
  leaving the city absolutely requires a car due to the vast distances . 
  for instance , my friend lives in chicago , that is the nearest big city to me . 
  but it 's still 180 miles ( 290 km ) away from me , and this is considered very close . 
  you can imagine what it 's like if you need to go somewhere far . 
  depends on where you live i guess . 
  cars are an absolute necessity for the vast majority of americans . 
  oops . 
  i misinterpreted your comment . 
  my bad . 
  and this chuckle head had the nerve to complain about being spied on . 
  no fucking wonder . 
  wait . 
  the eu effectively gave its position up . 
  it was n't so much the us `` not giving the eu influence '' . 
  it was the eu abdicating its influence . 
  yes it is true . 
  china does own lots of us debt , but not 4 trillion . 
  it is closer to [ 1.2 trillion ] ( http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/data-chart-center/tic/documents/mfh.txt ) . 
  also , america has almost [ 8x ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gold_reserve ) the amount of gold that china does . 
  our purchasing power per person is more than [ 5x ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita ) of china 's . 
  literally , every single metric you look at , america is by far the wealthiest country on the planet . 
  you would have to do some serious mental gymnastics to conclude otherwise . 
  our debt/gdp ratio is broadly similar to most european countries . 
  it higher than some , and lower than others . 
  if you think america is an impoverished nation , then so too are just about every other european nation . 
  and yes , our economy is substantially higher than any other country by far , making it the wealthiest . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trolling or if you 're good ol' fashion stupid . 
  can you clear that up for me ? 
  thank you in advance . 
  yeah , they would have to settle with being merely the president of the most wealthy and powerful country on the planet . 
  they would truly be nobodies if that was the case . 
   what will the west do ? 
  watch , and do nothing . 
  there were a grand total of six sentences in this article . 
  i do n't even know what the point of it is besides saying `` an american said something silly , here 's the video !, 
   i can guarantee you that if we went to war with russia there would be 100 million american men at enlistment stations tomorrow . 
  since that is 1/3rd of our population , i am guessing the vast majority of those 100 million men would be babies and elderly men . 
  babies do n't make good soldiers , and neither do old men . 
   we want to be crawling all over their borders . 
  this is an idea that will only invite disaster . 
   russia is bullying its neighbors into joining their eurasian union , and threatening destabilization on the periphery of the europe union . 
  russia is again attempting to create an alternative system to the liberal international order , and this time it 's a much more conservative and cynical vision . 
  this is one interpretation of russian intentions . 
  i think it would be wise to pay attention to the russian interpretation as well . 
  by swallowing up the nations on its borders , we are forcing russia to react . 
  this is the epitome of foolishness . 
  the west says we are bringing those nations into our fold to protect them from russia . 
  russia sees things very differently . 
  we should n't needlessly antagonize russia over some seemingly insignificant nations . 
   with each additional nato member the west draws a line in the sand that russia does not dare cross . 
  who cares if they do n't like it ? 
  they can either play ball in accordance with the international system they 're now part of , or face isolation and economic ruin like the soviet union . 
  sorry , i disagree . 
  this sounds both hopelessly idealistic and confrontational . 
  it seems like what you are saying is we should adopt a policy that simply amounts to nothing more nuanced than `` fuck you russia '' . 
  i think that is brazen and stupid . 
  simple enough , thanks for clearing that up . 
  look , it 's been fun talking to you , but i think we fundamentally disagree , and there is no way to resolve that . 
  i respect your opinion , even though i do not share your views . 
  let 's just leave it at that . 
  since i do not know the internal politics in sweden , can you expand on why it would be political suicide to suggest sweden join nato ? 
   why stop there ? 
  i 'm sure there are certain regions , provinces and states within those countries that add very little as well . 
  who needs vermont or delaware ? 
  kick them out of nato as well . 
  this is a false equivalence and you know it . 
  those states are part of the us . 
  i am talking about wholly independent nations , not sub-regions withing those nations . 
   yes , guns and bombs are foolish things to spend money on in this day and age when we should be advanced and civilized . 
  but apparently we are still idiotic monkeys playing around with fancy firecrackers and beating our chests . 
  a failed experiment by nature indeed . 
  i guess you could call it failed , maybe it is . 
  but it is also completely consistent with the history of humanity . 
  nothing is really different now than in the past . 
   if nato ca n't defend its borders then it ca n't defend the main partners either . 
  if russia were to attack france or germany , why should the uk or us help them if russia is not threatening them ? 
  these countries are farther away than the border states . 
  they have 10x the population of those border states , and are wealthier than those border states . 
  thus , they are easier to both defend , and it is easier for those nations to defend themselves . 
  the border states can not claim the same . 
   you are thinking in 20th century terms . 
  i thinking in very realistic terms . 
  actually , no i was n't . 
  but that does n't really detract from the general thrust of my argument . 
  norway aside , adding even more small nations to nato does not seem desirable to me . 
  in my opinion , the alliance is already stretched too thin . 
  there are simply not enough contributors , and there are too many nations who seemingly refuse to contribute to their own defense . 
  what can sweden/finland provide to nato that would be considered an asset , and not just another liability ? 
  they do not have enough of a population to contribute to ground forces in a significant way .
