  i have those in my house , but they are only ever used for drying wool sweaters . 
  i did n't even realize people would use those for their regular clothes . 
  yup . 
  i 'm originally from phoenix , arizona . 
  it 's a city of over 4 million people , yet almost everyone lives in a house with a decent sized yard and a pool in their backyard . 
  i just took a look at the [ phoenix metro area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoenix_metropolitan_area ) compared to [ london ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london ) and the size difference in area is astounding . 
  phoenix : 23,494.22 km2/14 ,598.63 sq mi london : 1,572 km2/607 sq mi london also has over twice the population of phoenix . 
  on the east coast , the sprawl is somewhat contained . 
  but once you start heading west , the size/sprawl of the cities just explodes . 
  it has it 's pluses and minuses . 
  you can get a big house at a reasonable price with a large yard ... but you have to drive pretty much everywhere as few things are in walking distance . 
  i probably would n't drive that to go to work or anything , but i 'd love to take that fucker off-roading . 
  that thing must be so much fun to drive . 
  you could probably go anywhere with that . 
  ha ha you have to live in a major city like austin then . 
  my brother lives in unincorporated county land outside of waco , and i think i 've only seen pickups out there . 
  certainly no fiats or smart cars . 
  you 'd probably have to wear a different wig and fake mustache everyday if you owned a smart car/fiat way out in rural texas . 
  i mean ... how would you transport your guns in one of those . 
   some of the best selling cars in the us are the civic , accord , and corolla . 
  these are n't seen as bitch cars like fiats and smart cars though . 
  they 're seen as normal cars . 
  lots of people would own a civic ... but a smart car or a fiat ? 
  at least not a lot of guys would rock one of those . 
  as for your other points , you 're probably right . 
  i 'm guessing plenty of europeans would understand the pull of driving a big ol' suv once they got in one and drove around in it for a while . 
  ha ha that would be a sight to behold . 
  he probably thought it was funnier than hell driving around in it too . 
  that would certainly make americans get out their cameras too . 
  by the way , what did you think driving through death valley ? 
  it 's a pretty imposing place , is n't it ? 
  then again , i 'm from arizona so i am used to seeing endless desert for horizon after horizon , but i doubt europeans are accustomed to anything like that at all . 
  yeah it did n't help that i was driving that around in the suburbs of detroit , which is like muscle car mecca . 
  in fact , i drove it to the [ woodward avenue dream cruise ] ( http://woodwarddreamcruise.com/ ) , which is one of the biggest car shows in the us . 
  that was really fucking awkward . 
  holy shit that sounds awesome . 
  i 'd have to bring a lot of beer with me because i have a tendency to run out pretty quickly when i 'm day drinking by the water . 
  ok . well i guess it depends on how you define `` by far '' . 
  the two metrics i checked ( and i am not well versed in this type of stuff so i could be looking at the wrong metrics ) show canada and the us closer to each other than canada is to european countries . 
  anyway , we 're debating minutia at this point in my opinion . 
  not sure what source you are looking at , but when i sort by per capita on these wikipedia links , canada and the us are right next to each other : [ carbon dioxide emissions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions ) canada 15.9 tons vs. 
  us 16.5 tons [ ecological footprint ( whatever that means ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_ecological_footprint ) . 
  us 8.0 per person again , not sure what metrics you are looking at . 
  i mean , it makes sense . 
  canada has a very low population density and it 's really cold in most places . 
  i would n't expect canada to have low emissions/pollution per person . 
  oh god . 
  you probably would n't even wan na be caught driving that car , unless you live in some super liberal city like portland or something . 
  i once made the mistake of renting a fiat 500 . 
  i had numerous people point and laugh at me . 
  i was stopped at a red light in it and an old man crossing the street saw me in it , stopped , and pointed and laughed at me . 
  he said something like `` nice toy car there sweetheart ! '', 
  ( implying it was a woman 's car ) . 
  imagine that , driving a car and an old man stops and points and laughs at you . 
  i was embarrassed every time i got in that car . 
  not really . 
  and that was n't the point . 
  it was whether canadians pollute far less than europeans . 
  right on . 
  i 've only ever been to manhattan ( and holy shit is that a culture shock , it makes chicago look like a backwards fucking village ) . 
  but i 've heard the rest of the state , particularly the more rural mountainous areas are absolutely beautiful . 
  do you live in nyc ? 
  is that just in the densest parts of cities like london , or does that apply to most of the uk even in the more rural areas ? 
  sounds really inconvenient , but it sounds like you guys are able to get by just fine without them . 
  yup . 
  it 's a bummer . 
  i mean , no one ever said the summers there were pleasant . 
  that being said , i 've lived in 6 different states now ( arizona , utah , pennsylvania , virginia , michigan , and illinois ) and i think arizona is by far superior to any of those states , and just about every other state i 've been to also . 
  it 's gorgeous almost year round , and the state itself is incredibly beautiful . 
  i 've only been to a few states that could rival arizona 's beauty ( utah is one of those , not sure if you 've ever been there but it 's absolutely gorgeous nearly everywhere you go ) . 
  what part of the country do you live in ? 
  just curious . 
  it 's just some people 's mentality you know ? 
  he 's the same guy that calls me a pussy for driving a ford focus . 
  all they care about is size , not fuel efficiency or anything else . 
  i think it 's kind of like a status symbol . 
  my city is also pretty small and surrounded by farm land , so a lot of people have a country/rural mentality even though they live in the city/suburbs . 
  did n't connect the dots . 
  and yeah , a/c is essential . 
  it would be nearly uninhabitable without it . 
  hell , i 've come home from the bars at 2 am and it 's still 100 degrees out , and my pool still felt like hot bathwater . 
  my uncle told me when he went to uofa in tucson in the 70 's , a/c was n't too common and the dorms actually had a patio outside where you would sleep at night because it was miserable trying to sleep without a/c . 
  you would basically have to hope you created a pool of your own sweat to sleep in to cool you down . 
  more population means higher population density , which means there is a much higher demand for public transportation and more people are willing to live in smaller homes clustered together instead of far apart . 
  i would expect canadians to have a much higher pollution footprint than europeans for the same reason americans have a higher pollution footprint . 
   ( if you have space for it that is ) is that really that big of an issue ? 
  are there really a lot of homes that do n't have space for a washer and dryer ? 
   suck it arizona !, 
  but why arizona :(, 
  who knows man . 
  i work with a guy who just paid off his pickup truck . 
  he promptly went out and bought another , even larger pickup trick . 
  he uses it as his commuter car to and from work , and never hauls anything . 
  he just likes really big trucks for some reason . 
  lot 's of people like that here . 
  i have no idea why . 
  i 'd love to see articles like this , but not using my country as a reference point . 
  it gets so tiring seeing it constantly being used as the country to compare everyone else 's to , then inevitably being shit on . 
  other countries would be perfectly suitable also . 
  why do n't we ever see countries like australia or canada being used as a reference point .
