  in a way , america is also weird . 
  i wish america and germany would just say `` yay ! '', 
  and `` ja ! '', 
  to everything . 
  i 'd like to see some titties pop up on my tv screen from time to time . 
   a far better bet is to import the game from a neighboring country . 
  however , buying the a game from a supposedly internetional digital platform ( aka steam ) wo n't work since these stores place regional restrictions on german customers and only offer censored versions , even if you 're an adult . 
  so the germans are shit out of luck then . 
  maybe germans are n't big gamers , but i would have thought that bordering countries would establish some game stores close to the border with germany to sell non censored games to them . 
  maybe the germans just do n't really care , but i would be kind of pissed if my country was the only one with these silly restrictions and all the countries around me could purchase whatever the hell they want . 
  i heard the new xbox console is going to be region locked . 
  does that pretty much guarantee that germans are going to be totally screwed then ? 
  would games bought in a different country even work on their system ? 
   the definitions begin with abgefuckt ( `` in a sorry state '' ) i do n't speak german , but that looks like a rather generous translation . 
   angela merkel is just one of many germans who do n't realise that you ca n't just casually uses the word shitstorm in a press conference . 
  the word has become common enough to be added to germany 's most prestigious dictionary , the duden . 
  so do germans have a particular affection for our profanity ? 
  would other profane words have germans ( or other languages ) borrowed from english ? 
  so if the netherlands is constricted by both geography , and strict laws , how will they resolve the problem of a housing shortage ? 
  it seems like there is n't a lot they can do about that . 
  especially if these zoning laws are n't just silly laws , but important laws designed to keep people safe . 
  you can not exactly liberalize these zoning laws if it means thousands of people live in vulnerable areas . 
  well that sucks . 
  by the way , what is a `` social home '' ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  so these game developers have to make special editions just for germany ? 
  i 've seen german commercials on youtube where there are naked people fucking on the hood of a car ( it was a car commercial ) , so they can show this , but not some pixilated stick figure getting run over by a tank ? 
  that 's strange . 
  i ca n't imagine playing a first person shooter in germany . 
  the whole point of those genres is violence . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  is it possible to get non censored games in germany ? 
   games censored ... um ... what ? 
  how much does the netherlands population density play into that ? 
  i know it 's a relatively small country , but i can not imagine all of the land has been developed . 
  surely there is still room to build new homes right ? 
  why is there a housing shortage ? 
  false . 
  mandatory minimum sentences only apply to crimes related to drugs . 
  which is absurd , because there are no mandatory minimum penalties for things like rape and murder . 
  god damn that 's annoying . 
  come on man . 
  why are you rummaging through my dirty laundry and showing it to everyone ? 
  i checked all those comments and they were all jokes . 
  poorly executed jokes perhaps , but no ill will in any of them . 
   it 's fine to troll , but you ca n't expect people to like you if you do . 
  fair enough . 
   whatever , it does n't matter , my point is i did n't need to know you 're american to downvote you . 
  i should have chosen my words more carefully in my first post . 
  i actually do n't get down voted every time i post here . 
  that 's not really what i meant . 
  it is mostly in certain sensitive issues where i percieve ( rightly or not ) that down voting can be loosely associated with nationality . 
  it is usually in threads were the topics are based on european/american relations , where americans get down voted for taking sides with america . 
  whatever , it 's not really that big of a deal . 
  it does n't happen frequently . 
  plus i do kind of ask for it sometimes . 
   my college requires us to deliver a synthesis in english of our thesis ... just out of curiousity , does this depend on what field of study you are in ? 
  i can imagine this would be true for technical courses , but what about liberal arts stuff ? 
  why would you need to know english in your program if you are getting a degree in something that does n't require you to work with people outside of your country ? 
  for instance if you were getting a degree in art or literature , would english be needed then ? 
  that got me the tag `` cultural rapist '' ? 
  lol , i was five beers deep when i made that comment and i was trolling at the time . 
  it was intentionally insulting . 
  whatever , if i were you i would n't put too much weight into those comments . 
  i think the ration of my trolling comments to non trolling comments is rather low . 
  your telling me you have never intentionally tried to piss people off ? 
  i suppose that 's how you define strange fascination . 
  i consider myself russian nuetral , neither pro or anti russian . 
  if i had an opportunity to go to europe , russia would probably be one of the last countries i would go to . 
  if i had to live in europe , russia would probably be at the bottom of the list of countries i would choose . 
  i just do n't see the point in shitting all over the russians . 
  that is precisely my reasoning as well . 
  i have seen countless times where americans were down voted for no other reason than they were n't born in the same time zone as the europeans . 
  i have no intention of painting a target on my back . 
  i do n't shy away from mentioning i am not european when it is appropriate , but i do n't exactly advertize it . 
  in my experience , if you make it known you are from the us in this sub , then you 'd better be damn sure you toe the pro-europe line . 
  i do n't even bother trying to correct europeans anymore when they say things about the us that is more fantasy than reality . 
  i for one do n't derive any enjoyment from scraping turds out of my inbox for five hours . 
  i agree completely . 
  i am firmly in the `` no '' column on this side of the debate . 
   `` on midnight on august 14 , all ukrainian importers without exception were added to the first forty enterprises which were entered into to the risk profile of the risk management system of the federal customs service this july . 
  at the same time , the steps to prevent risk were tightened further . 
  as a matter of fact , this means a full halt of ukrainian exports indefinitely , for weeks or even months , '' the report says . 
  russia certainly does n't waste anytime when it comes to throwing its weight around to get what it wants . 
  so what can ukraine do ? 
  it seems like they are a long time off from joining the eu , if it ever happens . 
  it looks like they are between a rock and a hard place , and russia knows this . 
  if the eu wo n't take 'em , ukraine might as well get to work repairing relations with russia . 
  that 's why infographics like these annoy me . 
  that map makes it look like half of europe does n't have the internet . 
  36 % -100 % is just a dishonest way to label data . 
  it could be 36 % -37 % for all i know . 
  since ft notoriously pay walls the shit out of their site , i am just copying and pasting the content of the article here :  if germany were to collect one euro for every piece of advice it receives on how it should act in the european economic crisis , its current account surplus would be even bigger than it is . 
  from far and wide , the recommendations flow towards berlin : float eurozone bonds , forgive greek debt , devise a marshall plan for the mediterranean , set up a banking union , let domestic wages rise , launch a fiscal stimulus instead of droning on about balanced budgets . 
  some of these suggestions are on the right lines , and some are wrong . 
  but all overlook the point that one of germany 's most useful contributions would be to reform and modernise its own economy . 
   germany is conventionally depicted as europe 's economic giant and berlin as the go-to capital for americans and asians anxious to see decisive action to overcome the crisis . 
  nonetheless europeans and non-europeans alike view germany as a reticent giant , a nation whose reluctance to lead reflects the burden of historical crimes as well as the deep-seated provincialism of its political culture . 
  what is less well understood is that germany , despite being the eurozone 's anchor , faces a cluster of long-term challenges which , if not addressed , will sap its ability to set any kind of course for europe . 
   in `` looking to 2060 '' , a report on the world 's growth prospects , the oecd forecast last year that germany would achieve average annual growth of 1.1 per cent from 2011 to 2060 .
