  new orleans will be the first american city to fall . 
  i 've been keeping an eye out for french paratroopers lately . 
  it seems like their is a french spy behind every bush here . 
   the cynic in me bets he has something in the works ... france 's involvement in africa is just a warm up to get his soldiers experienced in the ways of combat . 
  hollande 's real goal is to conquer europe . 
  first mali , then car , and then ... belgium ? 
  who knows . 
  but all of europe will fall to france 's sword . 
  that 's for sure . 
  if you are putin , then yes . 
  jb_uk , you are a smart man . 
  you 're comments are usually intelligent and informed . 
  this comment looks like it was written by a 12 year old . 
  you 're usually not the type of person that makes me groan and roll my eyes as i read a comment . 
  this comment was most certainly a eye-roller . 
   the us has n't had a budget in years ... that 's a misconception . 
  congress is supposed to propose a * new * budget every year . 
  they did not do so for about four years . 
  that does not mean there was no budget , that just means they have n't proposed a new one . 
  the whole `` us no budget '' thing was trotted out as a political ploy . 
  congress just goes by the guidelines of the previous budget if no new one is proposed . 
  so fucking what . 
  that 's how you play the game . 
  instead of whining about russia , why do n't these `` eastern neighbors '' ever do a god damn thing about it . 
  these countries have no back bone . 
  they just cower in fear of russia . 
  perhaps they should stand up for themselves , and not be complete pussies all the time . 
  kind of . 
  he stole from the owner of a hated football team . 
  it 's the * patriots * . 
  so yeah , in that instance , being a thief is both noble and hilarious . 
  my respect for putin skyrocketed after i first learned of that story . 
  fuck the patriots , and fuck the krafts . 
  i 'm glad putin stole his superbowl ring . 
  what hostility ? 
  heating you in the winter ? 
  that 's because his country is too poor , not because it 's symbolic or anything . 
  i totally agree !, 
  which is why i was slightly taken aback by this comment :  at this point competing for influence in the former soviet republics seems more to me like the us 's goal than europe 's . 
  that just seemed like another attempt to pin everything on the us , which i thought was wrong , especially in cases like ukraine . 
   at this point competing for influence in the former soviet republics seems more to me like the us 's goal than europe 's . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it is a mixture of both . 
  i think nato expansion into former soviet territory could be attributed to the us . 
  but eu and ez expansion is totally on europe . 
  i do n't think the us had much to do with say , latvia joining the ez . 
  i also think europe was posturing over ukraine more than the us was , although the us did some posturing as well . 
   `` right we need new punchy hard hitting headlines , more controversy and drama '' . 
  fair enough . 
  i can not say i totally agree , but i have seen this view expressed before . 
  i subscribe to the economist , and a number of people have called out john micklethwait ( the editor-in-chief of te ) for reasons that are broadly similar to yours . 
  i understand your point of view and it has some merit to it , but i would n't go so far as to call it crap . 
  it still has very good material , but you could say they are sliding towards a little more sensationalist journalism like a lot of other media entities have been . 
  the norwegian negros ? 
  i always thought you guys were white . 
   the leaked document , a memorandum written by a u.s. national security agency officer april 17 , summarized norwegian cooperation with the united states , suggesting the espionage was aimed at both russian nuclear weapons and its oil exploitation of the arctic . 
  it cites `` russian targets in the kola peninsula '' and `` civilian targets ... especially russian energy policy , '' dagbladet said . 
  i do n't think most people wanted snowden to compromise the west 's * entire * spy apparatus . 
  this seems like the stuff you keep secret . 
  this guy is currently in moscow while documents he leaked are being reported on that expose how and what we collect crucial information on versus russia . 
  i wonder how much else will be exposed , and if it will increasingly cross the line into legitimate issues of national security . 
  people may start to get annoyed with him . 
  anyway , when will this thing end ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's unfortunate since there really should be no reason why the west and russia should have an adversarial relationship with each other . 
  it 's like a generations long family feud . 
  why are they fighting ? 
  no one really knows or remembers . 
  they just always have , so they always will . 
  imagining what we could accomplish together makes me shake my head in frustration . 
  so it goes ... 
   sometimes i think continental europe is more dedicated to the ideals america was founded on than america is ...  we see state intervention in people 's lives as an enhancement of freedom . 
  that is the exact opposite of the ideals america was founded on . 
  you make some good points that government intervention can enhance personal freedom ( your example of a disabled person is good one ) . 
  but the ideals america were founded on centered on keeping government out of someone 's life as much as possible . 
  so the modern european approach of using the government to enhance personal freedoms would probably seem entirely alien to them . 
  considering the context of the time , few governments acted that way , and most governments were the edifice that stood in the way of personal freedom . 
  do you mind elaborating ? 
  when this issue comes up on / r/europe , the customary response is to a ) attack the source of the article , or b ) to say `` militaries are stupid anyway , only idiots have a strong military '' you just said the economist was crap , but you did n't even articulate why . 
  i would be interested in knowing why . 
   instead you blame germany , where a few of those guys spent some time before 9/11 . 
  get a grip on reality dude . 
  no one blames germany . 
  i was simply highlighting the fact that it is incorrect to say there is no reason to monitor an `` average citizen '' . 
  and that the us would have no reason to monitor german citizens . 
  there are reasons . 
  oh yeah , and that bullshit about whining about a german being in guantanamo . 
  he is only german by citizenship , any other day you * would point out just how non-german he is . 
  and probably even complain that you can not deport him . 
  but when he winds up in a us prison , it 's bad . 
  but the fact that your own country could do nothing with him is also bad . 
  so would you rather have those people be extradited by the us , or would you rather sit there and complain that you are powerless with radicals in your country ? 
  * by `` you '' , i mean `` you '' in general . 
  not specifically you , mr. heiminator . 
   i can only imagine the mental contorsions you have to go through from this to `` the average bucharest resident is comfortably better off than the average resident of manchester '' . 
  when you write for a blog ( and that article came from te 's blog , it wo n't be in the print edition ) , all you need is a few snippets of facts and you can construct any argument you want to prove your point . 
  especially if you assume your reader will not question your analysis , or check your sources . 
   the nsa has sent german citizens to guantanamo ... 
  if only they had sent more `` germans '' to guantanamo earlier , 3000 of our citizens may not have died . 
  perhaps you forgot the 9/11 plans were hatched in a mosque in your country ?
