  few people will even realize it was n't true . 
  hell , the original story had hundreds of comments , and so far this one only has two after 12 hours of being posted . 
  you are able to read my flair . 
  is your comment supposed to mean anything deeper than that ? 
  it 's simple . 
  brexit makes europe look bad . 
  scottish independence makes the uk look bad , and makes europe look good because scotland wants to rejoin the team . 
  it 's basically payback to the uk for leaving europe . 
  damn . 
  that 's a lotta wampum, 
  some might argue that this was n't just one attack , but one in a succession of attacks . 
  so that implementing policy right now is n't a knee jerk response , but a response too late . 
  someone posted this link of images of the depot from before the blast : http://fish12a.livejournal.com/1873580.html it looks like those munitions were stored out in the open , or in poorly stacked crates and were not secured in a safe manner at all . 
  so it looks like it was an accident waiting to happen . 
  whether or not the blast was caused by sabotage or neglect is complete speculation . 
  but if it was neglect that caused it , the ukrainian government / military does n't inspire much confidence . 
  not sure . 
  it 's not terrible quality here in the us . 
  it 's ... ok quality . 
  it will did the job i guess . 
  stuff like tables are not too bad . 
  but i had problems with dressers where the bottom of the shelf would fall out , or beds that would break after a while . 
  i am not trying to shit on ikea , it got me and most of my friends through college . 
  it fills a niche really well : affordable , good looking furniture . 
  but i do n't know what i am trying to say here . 
  you get what you pay for i guess ? 
  lol . 
  hitler and stalin did n't emerge because of republicans `` causing '' an economic crisis . 
  they emerged from the ruins of world war 1 , and through their own governments failing the people leading to revolutionary change . 
  are you seriously suggesting that america caused stalin ? 
  where do you get your terrible grasp of history ? 
  please read about topics such as : karl marx , friedrich engels , vladimir lenin , czar nicholas ii , world war 1 and it 's aftermath . 
  you are so ignorant about your own continents history it makes my head hurt . 
  this might be the dumbest assertions i have ever seen on this sight . 
  america caused hitler , stalin , and mussolini ? 
  please , you give us too much credit . 
  those were homegrown european products , and i suggest you give your own people the credit they are due for creating them, 
  yeah that one stuck out to me too . 
  ikea certainly is not quality furniture . 
  it 's good enough for college students living on their own for the first time , or maybe a cheap coffee table that will suffice for a few years , but that 's about it . 
  it basically is decent furniture for someone furnishing a room really cheaply , but nothing more than that . 
  if you think ikea is `` quality '' , i would love to see what you think poor quality furniture is, 
  your list is odd . 
  the great depression was an economic crisis , there have been many of those and they certainly are n't deliberate . 
  and ww2 ? 
  you mean the war that started in europe that america stayed out of for years while european countries murdered each other in historically unprecedented numbers ? 
  global warming ? 
  lol , there are about 200 other countries contributing to that also , and america certainly is n't responsible for the choking smog of china or india . 
  you could have mentioned stuff like atrocities against native americans , cia involvement in violence in latin america , or a litany of other events . 
  but your list is ... bizarre to say the least . 
   `` we are witnessing a systemic crisis , '' one of them , nikolai statkevich , a retired colonel and former political prisoner , told the anti-lukashenko website belorussky partisan . 
  `` russia used to pay for all the fun , but now it can not keep paying more , and more is constantly needed because the efficiency of this kind of economy is falling . 
  russia demands more and more in exchange , and giving it up is already dangerous for lukashenko 's personal power . '', 
  so if lukashenko goes , is it at all likely belarus would get a more pro european leader ? 
  for that matter , would europeans even give a shit ? 
  seems lie that country had gone on a search for new masters like a stray dog , yet no one will take it in . 
  kinda wish more people from belarus were on this sub to give more insight about their country . 
  it 's like that country does n't even exist . 
  does belarus really still have the kgb , or is that just a coincidental agency having the same acronym ? 
  i figured they would at least have given it a new name or something, 
  the us has only been around for a couple centuries . 
  it has about a thousand more years to go to catch up too europe 's ledger of atrocities . 
  turns out people have been killing each other ever since someone realized how useful rocks were for crushing skulls . 
  that 's actually really cool . 
  i have never heard of this before . 
  i 'm surprised it is not more well known, 
  that comment is a low effort shit post . 
  i would n't worry too much about it . 
  pay debts, 
  that 's true . 
  but when a publication routinely sponsors sensationalist , poor quality editorials it reflects poorly on that publication . 
   we are all british it would seem as if that notion is being challenged right now . 
  or maybe more people are seeing themselves as scottish/irish/english / welsh first , and being british outs secondary . 
  who knows ... 
  i guess we will have to wait and see how the next few years pan out . 
   the liberal alevi cultural center , along with several other organizations , was behind the demonstration , called to protest the appearance of turkish foreign minister mevl\u00fct cavusoglu in hamburg . 
  in response , dozens of people gathered in the northern german city late last tuesday afternoon to heckle supporters of turkish president recep tayyip erdogan . 
   the bearded man is furious . 
  `` you are the dog , '' he screams towards the demonstrators . 
  he then adds : `` are you christians or what ?! '', 
  his face is contorted in anger as though he has just uttered the worst curse he can imagine . 
   when asked about it later , he says he does n't have anything against christians , but he does add that they are weak and do n't have true faith . 
  `` germany is going to the dogs . 
  should i let my children grow up in such a country ? 
  i can hardly bear the islamophobia anymore . '', 
  the man was born here and speaks perfect , accent-free german . 
  `` yeah , '' he says , `` we 're not stupid . 
  we understand everything that is going on here , including german hypocrisy . 
  that 's why we are going to emigrate to turkey soon . '', 
  huh . 
  i wonder how common his thoughts are . 
  he says he will emigrate , but will he really ? 
  maybe more turks will emigrate back home . 
  that seems unlikely though . 
  considering the russians are extremely trustworthy , i find this rather endearing . 
  thanks germans !, 
  we love you too !, 
  really ? 
  you usually seem like one of more reasonable people i see here , so i am not going to dismiss this comment outright . 
  so ... if you are ok with the fact that there was n't a solid plan before the vote , how do you view the state of affairs after the vote .
