  this is one of those things that should be handled between the schools and the parents . 
  i mean , what 's the point of this post ? 
  to stir up outrage over a homework assignment in a some random school in some random town in lithuania ? 
  this post just seems to me like an opportunity for people to demonstrate how progressive they are by pointing fingers and yelling `` sexism ! '' . 
  it 's a damn homework assignment . 
  if it bothers people , change it and move on . 
  no need to broadcast it to the world . 
  dude . 
  it 's a homework assignment for 6 year olds . 
  do you expect mass protests over this ? 
  i just do n't understand that mentality . 
  that 's just hating on your country for the sake of doing it , as if it makes you cool somehow to root against your own country . 
  those people are attention seekers , and no more . 
  it 's sad though that among a lot of people on the left , disliking your country is the cool thing to do . 
  i wonder how/why it got that way ? 
  i just do n't understand that . 
  if this is what your country is complaining about , i would say your country is doing well for itself . 
  what the fuck ? 
  did that actually happen ? 
  you 're right . 
  it is a polite way of saying that . 
  i am fine tuning my language in anticipation of a career in politics :d, 
  you 're right . 
  the best thing an individual can do is read news from both a left wing and right wing perspective and attempt to triangulate the truth by finding the common ground between the two views . 
  but it is n't easy , and people prefer to reinforce their beliefs as opposed to challenge their beliefs . 
  i am certainly not immune to that . 
  and you 're second point is also correct . 
  how could there be a utopia if everyone has a different vision of what utopia would look like ? 
  your version of utopia is another person 's nightmare . 
   not really , but what do you suggest germany does ? 
   on our own solve the whole middle east ? 
  i do n't know the answer to this question . 
  in fact , i am convinced no one days . 
  i mean , we would n't be having this conversation if the answers were readily available . 
   germany is already involved in combatting isis , and advocates for a more unilateral approach including the us and turkey . 
  serious question : what exactly is germany advocating here ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i have only seen germany implement policies to react to the situation in syria , but no advocating plans to proactively address the situation in syria . 
  honestly , it is very likely that there is nothing germany ( or any other country ) can do to solve the civil war in syria . 
  perhaps the only thing that can be done is containing and managing the fallout from the war . 
  you know , i think what you are experiencing is summed up accurately by this quote :  `` if you 're not a liberal at twenty you have no heart , if you 're not a conservative at forty you have no brain . '' i 'm pretty sure almost everyone in their twenties considers themselves an idealistic , liberal/progressive . 
  age and experience has a funny way of correcting that idealism . 
  i do n't necessarily think idealism is bad , but at some point it must be tempered by reality . 
  it certainly would be nice if we all lived in utopia , but that just is n't the case . 
  fitting that utopia actually means `` no such place '' . 
  i understand , but is there anything preventing an individual country from acting unilaterally outside the scope of the eu ? 
  i honestly do n't know the answer to that question . 
   in a way , this is surprising . 
  it 's not as if homeless refugees are scattered on the streets , or pensions have been cut to feed them . 
  * if you do n't live next to a temporary refugee home , migration is an abstract problem . 
  * so ... what about the people who do live next to them ? 
  should their concerns be ignored ? 
  and if a million more refugees come , then millions more germans will live next to these refugees , turning an abstract problem into a very real one . 
  so the question people should be asking is , why would a country willingly take an abstract problem and amplify it to a nationwide , systemic problem ? 
  if there was a `` dumb comment of the day '' award , surely this comment deserves it . 
   maybe we can get the us in on this and wipe out saudi arabia while we are at it . 
  you know , europe is n't a non-existent actor . 
  you could suggest that your own country does something also . 
   they 're living in crowded tents !, 
  of course they 'll complain about it . 
  if you were living in a crowded tent you would complain too !, 
  if my other option was death , no i would n't complain . 
  then again , these guys do n't look like they 're fleeing a warzone at all . 
  they look like they 're trying to take a shortcut to prosperity . 
   it takes a single tragedy to turn a hippy in to a skinhead , but the road back is much longer . 
  this is probably the most insightful sentence in this thread . 
  you 're 100 % right . 
  looks like it was option a, 
  indeed . 
  the waves running through the muslim world did not suddenly begin with 9/11 . 
  they have been ebbing and flowing since the birth of mohammed . 
   american patriotism is the most obnoxious in the western world oh god , you would really hate me then :d, 
  where are you from ? 
  just curious since a ) you have no flair and b ) i have never heard of another country having a huge boner for the us . 
  it 's almost impossible for me to imagine that ever happening . 
  sadly , that is the ugly side of all alliances . 
  it goes both ways also . 
  alliances only last as long as they are mutually beneficial . 
  i 'd rather some of them be honest then be blatantly obsequious . 
   i 've never heard an american say the same about the brits . 
  we definitely do say that about brits . 
  if not `` cousins '' , then something else familial like `` brother '' or `` dad/mom '' . 
   but we 're much less authoritarian so have very different views about how conflicts particularly foreign military disputes should be handled do irish people ever really sit down and think of a deeper reason why this difference in attitude exists ? 
  it 's easy to right it off as some sort of difference in mentality , and chalk it up to arrogance . 
  but to me , the difference is simple : america is a vast and powerful country so has a different toolset for resolving issues . 
  ireland is a small , weak country perennially under the thumb of another power . 
  so ireland has always had a different toolset to resolve issues than the us did . 
  the difference in mentality then is explained by the different resources available to each country and the historic experience of each country . 
  right or wrong , big countries address issues in different ways than small countries do . 
  it 's just a natural by product of the tools available to big countries vs. small countries . 
  what exactly was in the video ? 
  i 'm at work so i ca n't listen to audio . 
  i just saw some dude standing over a dead fish and shouting about something . 
  i have no idea what he was ranting about . 
   why americans are so obsessed with stereotypes ? 
  everyone is obsessed with stereotypes . 
  it 's just human nature . 
  it makes it easier to judge large groups of people by putting simplistic labels on them . 
   despite their occasional exaggerated francophobia ( which ironically partially stems from the fact that americans think we hate them ) . 
  this pretty much sums it up .
