  obviously this has happened in the past , but he is specifically referring to this most recent move away from europe . 
  so he is not writing specifically for idiots . 
  do you realize how smug you sound ? 
  that was just one sentence to set the backdrop for the rest of the article , and you seemed to have skimmed it for sound bites that fit your idea that americans are stupid , as evidenced by this comment :  `` gee guise it shure is lukky them euro-pee-ahns dint have the ahtom bohmb in 1914 . '', 
  why did you pick out that one sentence about the uk , not the ones that followed :  the united kingdom is moving in its own direction , limiting its involvement in europe and trying to find its own course between europe and the united states . 
  france is focused to the south , on the mediterranean and africa . 
  germany is trying to preserve the trade zone and is looking east at russia . 
  as you can see , he is not making that statement as if it is an enlightened observation , it is simply setting the tone . 
  i 'm glad you got your rocks off acting superior to an author of an article who founded stratfor , an incredibly influential think tank . 
  this man knows more than you will possibly ever know about geopolitics , and you , and the rest of the clowns in this thread , dismissed so contemptuously and arrogantly so that you would n't need to actually think about the content of the article . 
  is this how you always read articles ? 
  `` fuck this guy , he 's an idiot lol '' . 
  and when you so easily dismiss his comment about nuclear weapons , do you not recognize that their is some merit behind it ? 
  were n't the fine sophisticates of europe the first to begin dousing each other in mustard gas ? 
  how about this :  amid profound differences and distrust , u.s. and soviet leaders managed to avoid the worst . 
  given their track record , europe 's leaders might have plunged the world further into disaster . 
  the europeans think well of the sophistication of their diplomacy . 
  i have never understood why they feel that way . 
  this is fundamentally correct . 
  when europeans were the ones with the power , their foreign policy was no less disastrous or violent than america 's or russia 's . 
  now that europe lacks the power monopoly , it sees its diplomacy as nuanced , when it is actually ignored . 
   we saw this in syria . 
  first , europe was all over the place . 
  then the coalition that coaxed the americans in fell apart , leaving the united states virtually alone . 
  when obama went back to his original position , they decided that he had been outfoxed by the russians . 
  had he attacked , he would have been dismissed as another cowboy . 
  whichever way it had gone , and whatever role europe played in it , it would have been the americans that simply did n't understand one thing or another . 
  european hypocrisy at its finest . 
  this is the essence of european attitudes towards america . 
  read that paragraph again and really think about it , instead of dismissing it with a few short insulting sentences with words like `` guise '' and `` lukky ''  europe was seen as a prosperous backwater , or as i once put it in 1991 , all of europe became scandinavia . 
  it was quite prosperous , a pleasure to visit , but not the place in which history was being made . 
  again , we see more truths that are being ignored in this thread . 
  this is a common sentiment , not just in the us , but elsewhere as well . 
   when americans can be bothered to think of europe , they think of it as a continent with strong opinions of what others should do but with little inclination to do something itself . 
  here we go again . 
  i honestly think the europeans in this thread who actually read this article were so taken aback by hearing the truth , that they chose to insult , and move on . 
  god forbid someone actually * think * about what is being said . 
  here is how you know europeans are afraid to acknowledge what is being said by the author . 
  look at the headline . 
  the actual headline is `` the u.s.-european relationship , then and now '' , yet whoever posted this changed the headline to set the tone for the thread in a way that is favorable to european sensitivities . 
  it 's laughable , but it is being lapped up . 
  the attitudes of europeans the author mentions in this article is manifested by idiotic comments in this thread . 
  for a people who prides themselves on how intellectual they are , why do n't they ever actually act like it ? 
  childish comments and weak dismissals are not the hallmark of enlightened people , but instead it is the hallmark of a people in denial . 
  yeah but pedro dollars are way cooler than stupid * petrodollars * . 
  pedro dollars ? 
  is that a racist term for mexican pesos ? 
  if so , i love it . 
  that seems like a lot of work just to look good in a man-dress  . 
  as it is now , no one can my skinny , hairy legs when i 'm wearing jeans . 
  unfortunately , i am a hairy legged american . 
  my legs are n't very nice to look at , and kilts are n't a thing here . 
  if i ever wore anything of that nature , i am sure my father would call me and it would be one of those `` son . 
  i think we need to talk '' moments . 
  consider yourself lucky . 
  under no circumstances is it acceptable for me to wear a skirt . 
  snow or no snow . 
  oops . 
  i thought he was referring to the program itself as a form of terror . 
  i certainly fucked that one up . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  how is it a `` terror surveillance program '' ? 
  how is monitoring gypsies the same thing as terrorizing them ? 
  yup . 
  that sounds about right . 
  blah blah blah ... 
  yup . 
  political correctness at its finest . 
  why tackle serious issues when you can pretend they do n't exist ? 
  that 's unfortunate that the gypsy political parties are useless and corrupt . 
  by the way , european gypsies are almost never mentioned in our newspapers . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i read about them . 
  i guess the press figures its an internal issue . 
  that being said , on the rare occassion the gypsies are in the news , they tend to be portrayed as victims . 
  so i guess you 're right to an extent . 
  but those stories are very rare . 
  that 's disappointing . 
  although i ca n't really say i 'm surprised . 
  oops . 
  i should have been more careful with my words . 
  i was not implying that the optimism was unfounded . 
  i was saying even if it was unfounded , optimism is still a good thing ( even as i read that now , it 's still confusing and i am having trouble finding the right way to express exactly what i mean ) . 
  i agree with everything your saying . 
  i am hoping for the best here . 
  i am hoping that what i am seeing in the news from my couch on the other side of the world is actual , tangible signs of growth . 
  it looks like all the signs are pointing to a budding recovery . 
  here is where my wording gets clumsy . 
  i meant to say even if what we are talking about now is just an anomaly , and the foundations that are being laid down right now are weaker than they look , optimism is still a good thing . 
  i was n't suggesting that that was they case , just saying if it was . 
  i am not sure if that clears up the message i was intending to send . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  that 's really all you can do i guess . 
  if anything , it might light the fire of optimism , even if it is unfounded . 
  give a man a reason to wake up in the morning and all of the sudden things start turning around . 
  i think we all know the general sentiment towards roma here , but how would people feel about them forming their own political parties , as this article discusses ? 
  it seems , at the very least that it shows some gypsies actually give a damn about taking part in society in a conducive fashion . 
  does anyone know if roma political parties have been formed in other countries besides the czech republic ? 
  would you view it as a good or a bad thing to have organized roma political parties in your country ? 
  basically , is this an encouraging step in the right direction ? 
  or is it a lousy development ?
