  their headmaster retorted that his school was `` peaceful '' . 
  years of legal battles ensued . 
   at root , theirs is a story about trust in the individual and the role of the state , revealing wide transatlantic differences . 
  americans assume that most parents try to do what is best for their children . 
  that can be an uncomfortable principle ( there are some daft parents , among them lexington on a bad day ) . 
  but the alternative -- the presumption that the state knows best -- is worse . 
  is this getting any press coverage in germany ? 
  and if so , what is it like ? 
  i thought it was odd that this article said that home schooling is illegal in germany , but also mentioned that the reason they have n't been deported is to avoid angering germany . 
  and if the reason the are deported is because they are not really refugees , why would this anger germany ? 
  ( fyi this is getting very little press coverage in the us . 
  i 've only heard of this story once or twice before , it just a little bizarre because i do n't associate refugees with being from europe . ), 
   spiegel : if you 'll allow us : we 've been learning about the nsa 's activities through snowden for 10 months now and none of the pledges made by the americans have been fulfilled . 
  why not just use germany 's own counterintelligence authority to uncover the extent of the americans ' activity ? 
   de maizi\u00e8re : counterespionage work can not be the subject of an interview with spiegel . 
  please understand that . 
  if all of our suspicions are correct , everything that we are discussing right now is n't even taking place on german soil . 
  that also makes it difficult to assess . 
  however , ** i do want state again that cooperation between the intelligence services of the united states , great britain and germany is indispensable to us . 
  it is in our national interest and it can not be allowed to be harmed ** -- not even through the parliament 's investigative committee . 
  de maizi\u00e8re mentions the cooperation between various intelligence agencies , but what exactly does that cooperation look like ? 
  and if germany believes intelligence sharing with the us and the uk are so important , why is n't the german government more forthcoming with its own citizenry about the extant of its own actions ? 
  notice how the first sentence in his own response to counterintelligence against the us is that it `` can not be the subject of an interview with spiegel '' . 
  of course he can not discuss sensitive matters like this in an interview with a newspaper , but he is essentially hinting that counterintelligence * is * is occurring * against * the us and the uk , and then a few sentences later lauds the cooperation * with * the us and the uk . 
  is n't this in essence what the intelligence agencies of the us and the uk are doing against germany ? 
  working together , yet spying on each other ? 
  then why all the fuss about being spied on if you acknowledge you do the same ? 
   de maizi\u00e8re : we want to discuss questions , together with experts , about the reform of the digital agenda : what happens when so-called back-doors are built into operating systems -- gateways through which the agencies can get onto a computer ? 
  how can we create a secure cloud ? 
  how does artificial intelligence compare to human intelligence ? 
  what about the recognition of emotion ? 
  are there , as in the stem-cell debate , limits that should not be crossed ? 
  i agree with him here . 
  governments should not force private companies to compromise their own security in their products just so it makes it easier for them to spy . 
  it 's blatantly lying to the customers about their own security expectations , and is kinda creepy and violating in a way . 
  furthermore , it 's damaging to the government 's reputation and the company 's reputation , and seemingly benefits no one . 
  ukraine only exists when it is directly observed . 
  it then randomly collapses into one of those locations . 
  can we ban the irish from eating potatoes ? 
  you bastard : b, 
  it 's escalated beyond absurdity . 
  apparently every food/beverage/product that european immigrants brought here are completely invalid . 
  what horse shit . 
  i wonder if the eu will ban us from using english ? 
  of all the important things to debate in fta , they 're stamping their feet over such petty bullshit . 
  the most common ethnicity in america is german . 
  did they not think these people would bring over elements of their culture with them ? 
  next they will want to ban the word `` sandwich '' . 
  i ca n't believe the audacity of these guys . 
  thanks . 
  that 's not nearly as funny as i thought it would be . 
  indeed . 
  and with 100 million less people as well !, 
  can you provide a translation of that please ? 
  it looks funny , but i have no idea what the hell it says . 
  it sucks he just ca n't return home . 
  it seems like he is more useful now as a political pawn . 
  i would hate to be in that situation . 
  he 's like a walking , talking trophy . 
  he 's no longer just a human . 
  i would n't want that life . 
  agreed with everything you said . 
  for some reason , people think we have unlimited patience . 
  that is not the case . 
  our country is isolationist historically ( last 70 years being an anomaly ) , and reverting to the normal is inevitable . 
  the cynic in me suspects other countries are intentionally keeping themselves weak so as to avoid the costs and responsibilities of their own protection . 
  or maybe they have just become so accustomed to peace that they think the status quo is permanent . 
  who knows , but eventually we will recede back to our borders . 
  if any country finds themselves unprepared for that inevitability , well that 's their own problem . 
  yeah no problem . 
  next time i post an article from te i 'll just copy and paste the text to avoid the bullshit pay wall . 
  it was also cool seeing te link a thread from reddit . 
  never seen that before . 
  at first sight finnbay -- `` helping you to navigate in the detail [ sic ] when you are in finland '' -- looks odd only for its borat-worthy syntax . 
  it mainly focusses on the joys of ex-pat life in finland , though this alarmist story about russian military exercises on the finnish border was picked up by the reputable american nbc . 
  but finnish investigative journalists are scrambling to uncover the site 's ownership and funding : so far they have found a phoney address , no phone , and a seeming lack of any legal existence . 
  the finnish foreign ministry has removed finnbay from the list of english-language links on its official `` this is finland '' site . 
  two foreign-policy experts , mika aaltola of the finnish institute for international affairs and markku kivinen of the aleksanteri institute ( which focusses on russia ) , both suggest the site may be part of a russian disinformation campaign . 
  mr aaltola told the helsingin sanomat : typically an information operation 's strategy involves establishing a cover activity that is not too transparent . 
  the idea is to pass communication that aims to nudge public debate to the desired direction amid true information , '' ... 
  the desired direction is to cause confusion in the public debate . 
  `` the idea is to give an impression that finland is in a conflicting situation and turning to russia for support . 
  at the same time , the threat posed by russia is mentioned , creating a picture that finns are feeling confused . '' the story ( warning : intricate details approaching ) broke last week when i tweeted a story , headlined ( more idiosyncracy ) `` russia 's cabinet : finland 's hands tight to cooperate with russia '' , datelined anonymously from st petersburg , about russia 's confidence that finland would not go along with eu sanctions on putin . 
  that prompted a tweet from the finnish ambassador to moscow , hannu himanen , calling the story `` complete nonsense '' and terming finnbay a `` fake site '' . 
  a stinging response from finnbay followed , accusing the ambassador of ignorance of finnish foreign policy ; it is also threatening legal action against him . 
  but the more i investigated finnbay , the more puzzling things became . 
  a whois search for finnbay.com provides nothing useful : indeed the suspicious-minded would think someone has taken unusual steps to conceal that information . 
  finnbay 's site has seemingly impressive credentials , such as a registration with the eu , but this turns out merely to be on a register for lobbyists , on which entries are not verified , and easy to obtain ; it also bears only tangential relation to the outfit 's known activities . 
  finnbay 's address is false ( a finnish journalist tries to find it in this video ) ; its `` switchboard '' is a prepaid mobile phone which seems to have been switched off . 
  the finnish paper iltasanomat has come up with ten mysteries ( link in finnish ) , including the absence of any trace of finnbay or its leading lights ( onur yalcintas and bruce stone ) in the finnish commercial register . 
  finnbay also does not list its `` responsible editor '' as required by finnish media law finnbay has published a response on its site saying that it is a loose association of volunteers which turns over less than $ 8,000 ( $ 11,000 ) a year , and therefore does not need to register for tax ; the finnish tax authorities dispute this interpretation of the law and say that they will be investigating . 
  mr stone 's existence in particular is strangely hard to verify . 
  according to finnbay , he studied at the massachusetts institute of technology in the 1990s . 
  officials there are checking whether they had a student of that name at that time . 
  expats living in his purported home town of rovaniemi tweeted ( also here ) to say that he is unknown there . 
  mr yalcintas initially offered to answer all questions from the economist , then sent an e-mail giving some half-answers ( but not for publication ) and has now fallen silent . 
  a finnish journalist tracked him down to a room in a student dormitory where a man refused to answer the door and threatened to call the police . 
  i have so far failed to find anyone who knows the mysterious mr yalcintas personally , though johanna vehkoo , a finnish journalist , recounts how he tried to get her to write for finnbay . 
  the latest edition of helsinki novosti , a russian-language site supported by the foreign ministry in moscow , has a friendly interview with him . 
  finnbay has published a reply to its critics which is long on bluster and short on specifics .
