  2 ) this is how the uk operates its own energy sector correct ? 
  how does this effect europe ? 
  3 ) there were two other countries mentioned in that article that are being considered for the same penalty . 
  what is the reason for the order of magnitude in difference between the uk 's financial penalty , and the other two countries ? 
  okay , maybe a fourth question : is the uk trying to withdraw from the eu ? 
  or is the eu trying to push the uk out ? 
  on the bright side , that means around 98 % have n't emigrated yet , so it ca n't be that bad ... right ? 
  that article was scant on details regarding exactly how the uk 's energy sector impacts europe 's energy market . 
  it would have to be pretty damn convincing to warrant this : `` the commission said it was now asking the european court of justice in luxembourg to impose daily fines of 148.177 euro ( # 125,000 ) for each of the two directives which have only been partially transposed into domestic law . '', 
  that 's nearly 4.5 million euros a month . 
  and for what exactly ? 
  you drew a dinosaur , not a map . 
  you can never go wrong by dishing out bonus islands . 
  this is probably the most thorough , well researched , well organized , and well articulated rebuttal i have ever seen on reddit . 
  too bad it will go unacknowledged by those europeans who have been the most strident uk bashers . 
  you should just copy and paste this all over / r/europe until this comment gets the attention it deserves . 
  hell , you should mail this to every newspaper in europe . 
  if the link is paywalled , here is the text : `` davos , switzerland -- is the euro crisis over ? 
  a leading u.s. economist says not by a long shot . 
  even as the head of the european central bank talked friday of `` positive contagion '' in the markets and predicted an economic recovery for the recession-hit eurozone later this year , economist barry eichengreen warned that the debt crisis that has shaken europe to its core could easily erupt again this year unless european leaders move faster to solve their problems . 
  while european governments and markets have been breathing easier in recent months after years of turmoil , it 's no time for complacency , said eichengreen , who has chronicled the great depression and explored the consequences of a breakup of the euro currency used by 17 nations . 
  `` nothing has been resolved in the eurozone , where markets have swung from undue pessimism to undue optimism , '' eichengreen told the associated press in an interview at the world economic forum in davos , switzerland . 
  `` they said all the right things last year ... and they 've been backtracking ever since . '' he warns that the crisis over too much debt burdening governments and banks in the 17-country currency group `` is going to heat up again in 2013 . '' he urged eurozone leaders follow up on its proposals to steady its banking system and keep failed banks from adding to government debt through expensive bailouts . 
  european leaders in davos this week are seeking to reassure investors and corporate leaders that the continent is on the mend after its punishing debt crises . 
  european central bank chief mario draghi on friday forecast a recovery in the eurozone economy in the second half of the year , and spoke of `` a new restored sense of relative tranquility '' and `` positive contagion on the financial markets . '' but he acknowledged `` we do n't see this being transmitted into the real economy yet . '' draghi said governments need to move ahead with structural reforms to make their economies grow faster , which will help reduce government debt . 
  heavily indebted countries such as spain and italy faced alarmingly high borrowing costs on bond markets last year , as investors wondered whether they would be able to keep paying their debts . 
  those bond market rates fell after key steps by european leaders . 
  one was the european central bank 's offer to purchase bonds issued by indebted countries if they promise to reduce their deficits . 
  another was a proposal to set up a so-called banking union that would keep failed banks from bankrupting any one country by transferring the supervision of bank behavior and finances to a single , central eu supervisor at the ecb . 
  europe , meanwhile , is in a recession that is putting added pressure on government finances . 
  `` europeans will be shocked out of their complacency , i think , soon enough , '' eichengreen said . 
  `` there will be a relapse to the greater volatility of the first half of last year . '' `` none of the underlying problems have been solved . 
  there is no economic growth in europe . 
  germany itself is on the verge of recession . 
  the banking union does n't exist . 
  there 's less consensus on completing it than we thought last year , so the markets are going to lose patience at some point and the crisis will be back . 
  `` eichengreen , a professor at the university of california , berkeley , studied the possibility of a eurozone breakup long before the crisis that started in late 2009 forced other people to consider what was once unthinkable . 
  he concluded that leaving the euro would be disastrously expensive and cause widespread chaos for any country that tries it . 
  political leaders are aware of those high costs , which means a country such as debt-strapped greece leaving the eurozone `` is off the table for the moment , '' he said . 
  concerns about europe 's economic future -- and the threat that britain could one day pull out of the european union , whose 27 members together make up the world 's largest economy -- clouded this year 's gathering in the swiss alpine resort of davos . '', 
  the other day i was at a chineese restaraunt . 
  normally i do n't even bother cracking open my fortune cookie , and if i do , i rarely pay any attention to them . 
  in fact , i had almost forgotten about this incident entirely , that is , until i saw this post . 
  now i am beginning to wonder if fortune cookies possess more clairvoyance than i ever give them credit before . 
  here is what my cookie told me : a great terror lurks in the future . 
  misery awaits those who try and unite . 
  dreams will evolve into nightmares , but there will be no waking up . 
  famine and pestilence are drawing ever nearer , and a great evil prepares to return to fill a void . 
  murder will be the trade of the commoner . 
  rape will be the tool of the masses . 
  for those who live in the shadows of the ancients , their towns will join the ranks of the ruins . 
  there is no avoiding fate . 
  the outcome is known , it is pre-determined . 
  it is terrible . 
  it is absolute . 
  of course to fit all this text on a tiny slip of paper , the text was very small , so i had trouble reading most of it . 
  this is just what i think it said . 
  hope all you want , but economics plays by its own rules , and you live in its world . 
  hope is irrelevant . 
  there are other reasons that manufacturing goods in the us has become attractive again other than `` downtrodden '' americans desperate for work , and rising labor and shipping costs . 
  a lot of the reason is the reduction in the complexity in supply lines , more control of your quality , and avoiding the rampant intellectual property theft that occurs in china . 
  as for your comment about the collapse in the quality of life in america that leads to us to actually get jobs , that is a gross exaggeration . 
  do you , or have you worked in the manufacturing industry in america ? 
  i do . 
  and there are many workers who make quite a bit of money . 
  they are hardly dissillusioned peons showing up to work everyday hoping to earn enough to afford bread . 
  '' ... but it 's just more energy for making the wheels turn , when in fact , we should be asking if the wheels have to turn so much at all '' the wheel do have to turn this much . 
  never before in human history have so many people moved from the depths of destitution to a relatively decent life . 
  they need goods too , and there are now billions of them . 
  that means factories have be operating all day and all night to meet the demands of 3 billion or so more people that want the same shit you and i have . 
  somebody has got to supply them , why ca n't europe get in on the act ( and on that note , they are , but it could be more , much more ) . 
  the reality is is that other countries are catching up , and are doing the stuff we used to do for much cheaper . 
  we ca n't actually asks the chineese , africans , and indians to stop working so much because we ca n't keep up and maintain our precious vacation time . 
  that means we must innovate to become competitive . 
  adapt , or die . 
  i suggest you adapt . 
  i 'm curious to know the metric they used to determine youth unemployment . 
  it almost defies logic that they would count college students as unemployed . 
  if every country did that , they would think their economy imploded with the sky rocketing number of youths in the unemployed column . 
  either way , whatever method they are using , that number is increasing . 
  it ca n't all be from a surge of people pursuing higher education . 
  you are from europe correct ? 
  i 'm just asking because i always assumed his philosophy and brand of politics would translate into sheer lunacy across the atlantic . 
  i happen to have a lot of respect for the man , and his son rand paul . 
  his detractors dismiss him as crazy , and that 's why i thought you were using his image in all those pictures you were posting . 
  he 's also the only politician that has n't changed his message over time . 
  you always know where he stands , and he is brutally honest . 
  that 's very rare for any politician anywhere . 
  `` that means cutting the work week from 40 to 30 hours and increasing wages across the board '' would n't increasing wages across the board negate cutting the hours ? 
  if you have an employment issue , would n't it be better to slash hours , maintain current wages , and use that saved money to hire new workers ? 
  `` there is no new up and coming industry that is magically going to provide labour to the masses . '', 
  there probably is no single industry , but there are probably a few that taken together would put a sizable dent in the unemployment figures . 
  for instance , there is another article that was recently posted to / r/europe a few hours ago that nobody commented on , which is a shame . 
  europe seems to be steadfastly against the idea of fracking , however that is misguided . 
  read these two articles from the economist : the [ first ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21558459 ) article deals with the natural boom in america , the [ second ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21558458 ) deals with why europe has ignored a promising , transformative industry . 
  why is europe turning away from an entire industry when they desperately need the jobs , the money , and the energy ? 
  in addition , large swathes of europe wo n't have to kiss putin 's ass to heat their homes during the winter . 
  furthermore , reducing energy costs reduces production costs which should make exports even cheaper . 
  the benefits to fracking are numerous , yet europe looks away . 
  something unrelated but also amusing : america did n't sign on to the kyoto protocols .
