  i knew a lot of people would think my comment was ridiculous , and they would be right . 
  but it is also ridiculous and immature to assume that europe 's standards are far higher than america 's standards . 
  the reality is we both have high standards in general , and we are both prone to mess things up from time to time . 
  it happens . 
  we are human after all . 
  but why did many europeans assume standards would drop to america 's . 
  depending on product , industry , and country of origin , it could very well be the other way around . 
  to assume otherwise would be naive at best , and arrogant at worst . 
  i think you have to be under 18 for me to adopt you . 
  america has odd rules that prevent 26 year olds from adopting adults as children . 
  but if you 're a woman , you could always marry me , move here , then promptly divorce me . 
  just give me $ 1000 and we have a deal . 
  wow . 
  it seems like the scale of that scandal was so large that the destruction of the austrian wine industry was absolute . 
  i wonder if they ever recovered ? 
  that makes horse meat seem insignificant . 
  anti-freeze to wine ? 
  i really hope that is a rumor since it is deadly to consume in even modest quantities . 
  it does n't matter here . 
  no matter the truth , european standards will always be superior by virtue of them being `` european '' . 
  i agree . 
  we all know how untrustworthy their food supply chains are , i can only imagine what else gets manipulated and mislabeled . 
  i thought that there were mechanisms in place to prevent each country from ignoring the rules , such as fines or sanctions on the offending country , hence the targets and mandatory austerity measures . 
  it seems like in the past , the members countries of the ez at least pretended to play by the rules . 
  what would be the point of the ez if each country blatantly discarded the rule book entirely ? 
  that to me seems like each country would be signaling that they were heading off in their own direction , and at that point the euro would be a burden , and not a benefit . 
   i bet they 've met in the past ... are you implying that she 's the infamous `` ruby the heart stealer '' ? 
  it 's going to get interesting to see how this plays out in the peripheral countries of the ez if france gets off easy . 
  a scenario where you have a `` rules for you , but not for me '' does n't seem like it can last long without fostering deeply seeded animosity . 
  it is rather interesting that spain might now be given more flexibility to meet its targets , but only after france needed them . 
  i guess the moral of the story is if your economy is large enough , the powers that be will reluctantly grant you exemptions . 
  did n't portugal just get told to fuck off after asking more less restrictive , more realistic targets ? 
  what about the other countries who were not allowed such leniency ? 
  how does this not effect the credibility of the ez if a country like france gets to avoid the crippling austerity other member countries were subjected to simply because it is france ? 
  where is their appointed technocratic leader ? 
  if i was a citizen of one of the giips countries , this would be a slap in the face to me . 
  one more insult piled onto the mountain of indignities they have already suffered . 
   rajoy defended his government 's cuts in a national address on wednesday . 
   `` we have left behind us the constant threat of imminent disaster and we are starting to see the path for the future , '' he said . 
  does anybody actually believe this guy ? 
  i would probably add the automatic sequestration that will be coming up in march . 
  if you work for the government , you probably feeling like your balls are an inch ( 2.54 cm ) away from the band saw . 
  i think having a robust `` cat facts '' newsletter is much more important . 
  newsletter first , then infrastructure . 
  i 'll just pay it forward and tell some sorry sap that i have a newsletter . 
  maybe it will be called crap facts . 
  how truly blessed i am to have the privilege of being subscribed to your insightful newsletter . 
  i 've been drinking and you took advantage of my open state of mind . 
  any other brilliant facts you can send my way ? 
  how did that happen ? 
  is it through reditt ? 
  are you serious ? 
  thank you . 
  you are good at educating with just the essential facts , and omitting partisan rhetoric that seems to plague much if reddit ( and the rest of the world ) . 
  that was really interesting . 
  in light of that , do you think this will have any affect on upcoming elections ? 
  please forgive my poor grasp of british politics , but i thought that there were upcoming elections , and that the ukip party was gaining steam on the promise of shaking the system up a little with an anti-eu platform . 
  what i am getting at , is it seems like what the uk really needs right now is stability , and clarity in terms of its goals . 
  do you think political vibrations could threaten the uk 's economic outlook if things are highly sensitive right now . 
  yes i understand it is a derail . 
  i was just splitting hairs i guess . 
  sometimes people conflate intelligence with level of formal education . 
  the two broadly correlate , but not always . 
  anyways , you 're right . 
  this is an entirely irrelevant debate in relation to the rest of the thread . 
  i was just going off on a tangent . 
  fair enough . 
  i can understand your position when you put it in that context . 
  is it that big of a deal if only one of the major credit agencies downgrades you ? 
  it certainly is n't good , but s&p and fitch have n't done so yet . 
  the same thing happened to the us where just one of the agencies down graded ( s&p ) and it did n't affect interest rates at all . 
  if i was the uk , i would be worried , but i see no reason to hit the panic button until the other two agencies follow suit . 
  you forgot to mention another candidate that has been charged with manslaughter ... italians are very forgiving people . 
  i 'm just really surprised that it does n't bother that many italians that the prime minister of your country may , or may not , have bailed a 17 year old hooker named `` ruby the heart stealer '' out of jail . 
  and also slept with said 17 year old hooker . 
  and the man is over 70 . 
  does n't that just make you cringe when you think about it ? 
  but this brings into the debate education levels versus intelligence . 
  one of my grandfathers dropped out of school at 16 , but is one of the most well read , intelligent people i have ever had the privilege of speaking with . 
  likewise , i met alot of dumb asses in college . 
  usually education levels are a good indicator of intelligence , but in our generation where everyone is going to college , this is n't as useful of a metric as it would seem to be . 
  do you feel that there are europeans who are just as competent and/or passionate about european politics , but lack the command of english so are therefore shut out of these conversations ? 
  being that most of the discussion here is in english , do n't you think acts as a natural barrier to some people who otherwise might have a lot to add ? 
  that sucks man . 
  these mods have no sense of humor . 
  i know that i am not the only one who finds you entertaining . 
  lay low for a while . 
  blend in for a bit by making some normal comments . 
  then when the time comes ... you 'll know what to do . 
  really ? 
  that sucks . 
  you should pick an even better name , like / u/returnofufrustratedbro , / u/ufrustratedbrostrikesback or something . 
  how many times have you been banned ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if you have had a sandwich/burger , where the bread/bun is toasted , there has been butter on it . 
  or maybe i 'm just crazy . 
  i kind of feel like my sense of reality has gone through a paradigm shift with all this talk about butter on bread though . 
  if the claims made in that article are true , i ca n't imagine a more bizarrely idealistic , yet realistically idiotic , country than sweden . 
  i 'm sure it 's a wonderful country , but wow ... that 's ridiculous . 
  men covering their nipples ? 
  boys playing with dolls ?
