  i mean , if you 're a spy ( especially a russian spy , those guys do n't fuck around ) and you turn on your own country , you assume a huge risk of retribution . 
  i just kinda see this as an expected consequence . 
  but i could see why you would be pissed that russia assassinated anyone in your country . 
  great timing indeed . 
  you know , there 's been quite a bit of terrorist attacks lately , but it 's nice to be able celebrate one being stopped for once instead of mourning another tragedy , is n't it ? 
  would you consider that an attack against * your country * though . 
  that 's more like an attack within your country . 
  i could understand if they killed a british politician or something , but they took out a turn coat spy of theirs . 
  i mean , litvinenko is n't exactly a british name . 
  that 's more like the dark side of spy games to me . 
  i know you 're just speculating , but you speculate well my friend . 
  those are all very plausible scenarios i had n't even considered . 
  you 're probably right about them being the strongest looking guys around and the agent just kinda tapping them for help . 
  how long have you laughed at us for being poor ? 
  we 've been one of the wealthiest countries on earth for generations now . 
  how did the agent even call the marines ? 
  if they were off duty , how did they even know they were marines to begin with ? 
  why would n't they call their own security / police ? 
  exactly . 
  plus i lot of people do n't take their guns on trips with them anyway . 
  so even if someone on that train owned a gun , it would have been at home anyway . 
  guns ca n't help you very much when they 're sitting in a closet . 
  i think it 's the other way around honestly . 
  if the government reflected the will of the people , i would n't be surprised if the majority of european countries favored christian over muslim refugees . 
  yes . 
  attempting a massacre on a train is incredibly disrespectful . 
  what would his mother think if she knew how much of a bully her son was ? 
  well there 's no reason we ca n't spread that stereotype now . 
  [ hambo ] ( http://journalofdoubt.net/jodwp/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/fatty-fats.jpg ) here is pretty typical of our national guard . 
  do people not understand jokes in nyc ? 
  do you think i 'm actually serious when i say stupid shit like that ? 
  i 'm a dick . 
  and anyone who has seen me posting here over the years can attest to that . 
  i heard he was even trying to shoot me personally . 
  that guy sounds like a dick honestly . 
  fuck you fun police !, 
  why would europeans reduce their favorite form of entertainment just because of this ? 
  they 'll probably say the americans apprehended that guy because he was holding cheese burgers or some shit . 
  i do n't need your advice because i already do that . 
  tea is delicious . 
  come on , man . 
  i 'm just having a little fun here . 
   three reported wounded including french actor jean-hugues anglade . 
  i love how they mention him specifically for being wounded , as if he was either the target or a hero in this situation . 
  the article says :  he was slightly wounded in the hand breaking a window to pull the alarm . 
  so this guy cut himself breaking some glass , that 's all . 
  i wonder if he will proceed to tell the media how terrifying this whole ordeal was , and how willingly he sacrificed his hand to save everyone on board . 
  ok , maybe i 'm projecting too much . 
  but that 's definitely how the media in the us would cover this if it was an american celebrity . 
   according to our information gathered on the spot , the man of north african origin have fired kalashnikovs before being overpowered by passengers of american origin you 're welcome again , europe . 
  i do n't understand gypsies at all . 
  for you this probably just seems like normal european things , but from the outside it is just absurd that you guys even have to deal with this bullshit . 
  i do n't know what we would do if we had tons of gypsies . 
  but i guarantee it people in the us would lose their minds if we had them . 
  so they just dumped all the gypsies in serbia regardless of where they are from ? 
  sorry , this is just kind of amusing to me . 
  it 's like two neighbors throwing a bag of garbage into each other 's yard back and forth endlessly . 
  if you are having problems with refugees , and those refugees are of a certain skin color , then yes . 
  you can identify the source of the problem by skin color . 
  yeah i do n't think the serbian government can prevent them from coming back to serbia . 
  but they also ca n't prevent them from just leaving again ( and probably would be happy to see them leave also ) . 
  it 's like a revolving door i guess . 
  if they build their own tent villages , does n't that just make it easier for police to identify and arrest them ? 
   and good luck getting serbia to accept them back . 
  how would serbia prevent them from coming back if they are being deported to serbia ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  gypsies are so bizarre , i do n't think i understand them at all . 
  so i guess pretty much everyone from that part of europe could easily identify gypsies . 
  i guess i did n't realize how much they stuck out from the rest of the population . 
  sidenote : damn , those romanian girls are fucking hot . 
  i think i know where my next vacation is gon na be . 
   a young woman 's recent post on facebook -- in language that would be considered to be from the extreme fringe in other western countries -- is typical of the new national mood : `` our peculiar ethno-cultural microcosm is very precious to us and we mean to protect it jealously . 
  our grandfathers paid for it with their blood , and we 're sure as hell not going to share it with uninvited guests . 
  after all , our historical experience teaches us that only enemies come uninvited . 
  kindly mind your own business and stop meddling with our affairs , maybe ? '' why would that statement be considered extreme fringe ? 
  there 's nothing wrong at all about that statement . 
  it 's a right of every country to jealously guard its sovereignty . 
  how do you know those people were gypsies ? 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong , i have never seen a gypsy so i have n't the faintest idea what they look like . 
  so in your opinion , europe should welcome millions of mentally ill people who can not be held responsible for their own behavior with open arms ? 
  and people who do n't want this are `` xenophobic '' ? 
  i still ca n't tell if you 're a troll or if you 're serious . 
  edit : i 'm going with troll ... there 's no way you 're serious . 
  you do realize that kissinger is one of the preeminent authorities on geopolitics , right ? 
  when he speaks , liberal redditors may not listen , but many other people do . 
  race/ethnicity could be a very important fact . 
  if your country is taking on significant amounts of foreigners into your country , and immediately more crimes are committed by those foreigners , the people have a right to know where the source of the problem is coming from . 
  omitting race helps no one , and makes the problem worse . 
  people will just become more suspect of the press and the government . 
  steps like these undermine authority because they remove even more credibility , and government/press around the western world are already short on credibility . 
   people are stupid , they 'll happily generalize over a persons ethnicity but not their shoe size just stop . 
  you 're a smart guy , but that 's just a nonsense argument and you know it . 
  people actually hold grudges from events that happened centuries ago ? 
  ok . one more question . 
  this crisis is raising alarm bells all across europe , and is featured prominently throughout western media . 
  yet , turkey has taken in more refugees than most european countries , but this issue does n't seem to have caused as much hysteria in turkey . 
  why ? 
  am i just not paying enough attention to turkey , or do you guys just not care as much ? 
  but the next month , more will come , correct ? 
  are there any long term solutions to this or are countries like yours just improvising and making things up as they go along ?
