  no one could critique another person for anything then . 
  edit : fucked up some basic grammar , i guess i ca n't ever criticize someone again :d, 
  it was actually planned from hamburg , germany . 
  not inside the us . 
  but yeah they missed a lot of signs . 
  then again , that was 15 years ago , before islamic terrorism became a reality in western countries . 
  who are you referring to . 
  the security official ? 
  yes i typically do . 
  for all the shit we give them , our societies still function . 
  i have no way of knowing either way . 
  and i 'd at least like to put some modicum of trust in intelligence agencies . 
  they 're not always `` fear mongering '' . 
  that 's not something i 'd broadcast as a good thing . 
  the headline is really unfortunate , because a lot of people wo n't read the article . 
  it 's surprisingly detailed for a daily beast article . 
  anyway , two parts stood out as particularly damning . 
  apparently , from a us intelligence official :  `` even with the eu in general , there 's an infiltration of jihadists that 's been happening for two decades . 
  and now they 're just starting to work on this . 
  when we have to contact these people or send our guys over to talk to them , we 're essentially talking with people who are -- i 'm just going to put it bluntly -- children . 
  these are not pro-active , they 're do n't know what 's going on . 
  they 're in such denial . 
  it 's such a frightening thing to admit their country is being taken over . '' ouch . 
  that 's some harsh criticism . 
  no idea what the merit is in that statement though . 
  here 's another embarrassing excerpt , this time from one of the most wanted terrorists throughout europe :  in a february 2015 issue of isis 's propaganda magazine dabiq , abaaoud boasts about being able to slip a continent-wide dragnet for him , despite the fact that european security services all had a recent photograph of him , which had been published by a western journalist . 
   `` i suddenly saw my picture all over the media , but ... the kuffar were blinded by allah . 
  * i was even stopped by an officer who contemplated me so as to compare me to the picture , but he let me go , as he did not see the resemblance !, 
  * this was nothing but a gift from allah ! '' my god , that does not inspire confidence . 
  you are attacking my character and dismissing my views solely based on where i was born . 
  as someone who asserts intellectual superiority over others , surely you must have some level of self awareness to understand how you 've been engaging me . 
  these arguments are pointless honestly . 
  every article just gets called biased . 
  without being there myself , i have no idea what to believe and what not to believe . 
  and where are you from , enlightened one ? 
  you seem so keen on invalidating my views due to where i was born , i think it 's only appropriate i return the favor . 
  i have never come across a single american who has ever admitted when his/her country does something wrong . 
  did n't you just suggest i start watching bill hicks and george carlin because they do exactly that ? 
  and for someone who thinks americans lack critical thinking , why do you engage in character assassination to refute someone 's points ? 
  that is the epitome of lacking critical thinking, 
  fair enough . 
  that 's probably a good mentality to have . 
  things can get a little ... emotional in the wake of a terrorist attack , so maybe i 'll have different opinions tomorrow . 
  anyway , i think i 've exhausted this conversation . 
  it was good talking to you . 
  take care . 
  i think you can go onto google and search for any article that confirms or denies whatever you want about islam . 
  that 's another reason why this topic is difficult to grasp , there is so much conflicting information out there , i just ca n't make heads or tails of it . 
  so with the article you linked , i can probably go and find another that refutes it . 
  not saying it 's wrong . 
  i 'm saying i still do n't know what is bullshit , and what is n't . 
  i 'm currently in the process of reading this ( so i can not at this point draw any conclusion from the study but it seems informative ) : [ the national commission on terrorist attacks upon the united states : `` terrorism , al qaeda , and the muslim world ; the challenge within the muslim world '' ] ( http://www.investigativeproject.org/documents/testimony/16.pdf ) it 's a 36 page pdf , so i understand if you do n't have time to read it . 
  it might be something to just keep open on an extra tab and read a little bit throughout your day . 
  point is , i still do n't know nearly enough about this subject to speak with authority ( and probably never will ) . 
  so all i can do is keep reading about it at this point . 
  whereas monitoring all muslims would be legally and practically impossible , monitoring high profile imams and bugging questionable mosques would limit the scope/focus of surveillance , cutting down on the masses of data intelligence needs to sift through ( this may already be happening , i do n't know ) . 
   this does not count the negative side effects . 
  you generally want to drive a wedge between muslims and islamist terrorists , not let islamist terrorists drive a wedge between the muslim and the non-muslim population . 
  i think that ship has sailed already , but i really hope i 'm wrong . 
  and i do n't think `` daesh '' needs any extra motivation to draw recruits . 
  that motivation is already codified in the koran . 
   unsurprisingly , this does not make the average muslim a fan of islamist terrorists ; quite the opposite : the term `` daesh '' as a slur was coined by muslims , after all . 
  again , i am deeply cynical about this deduction . 
  i get the impression that many muslims despise the methods , but applaud the goal . 
  but i have no way of determining that with any precision . 
  to conclude , i think we need to take a much more muscular approach to this situation , and not worry about whether or not it drives people to terrorism . 
  they already have all the motivation they need from their holy book . 
  actions we take could exacerbate the situation , but our actions are not solely responsible for turning muslims to violence . 
  but it 's a hopelessly complicated situation regardless . 
  i do n't see any `` solution '' in sight . 
  the us did not create is , and islamic violence is a tradition stretching back to the beginning of the faith . 
  islam gives it 's followers a direct commandment from god to spread the faith via violence . 
  what we see now is just another manifestation of islamic expansion , one of many throughout history . 
  they need no western intervention to justify this , their holy book commands them to do so . 
  and the us is n't the only `` ally '' is saudi arabia , every western country is and many more . 
  blame the saudis for propagating their faith , not america . 
  these attacks in brussels occurred because some muslims got together and decided to kill people . 
  you 're dramatically shifting the blame here . 
  islam is responsible for islamic violence and no one else, 
  yeah not sure where the teenage brazillian girl part came from either . 
  moving on , no we are not brain washed . 
  why do n't you tone down the vitriol and people would be more willing to engage in conversations with you . 
  it is hard to take you seriously when all your comments are calling americans evil fascists every other sentence , especially when it is n't even related to the topic at hand . 
  do you do anything other than point it out , 24/7 , even when it is n't remotely relevant ? 
   i was part of a new wave of young urban professionals , mostly white and college-educated -- what the belgians called bobo , ( `` bourgeois boh\u00e9miens '' ) -- who settled in the area out of pragmatism . 
  we had good intentions ... * we felt like pioneers of the far west * , like we were living in the trenches of the fight for a multicultural society . 
  it 's sad that a situation can devolve so far that a person can feel like a * pioneer * in their own damn country . 
  what a sad reality . 
  moving to a city within your own country , that used to be inhabited with your own people , now feels like moving to some alien colony . 
  well of course it can not be eliminated entirely . 
  the best we can do is mitigate and contain the issue . 
  this is gon na sound fucked up , but our tax dollars should be focused on monitoring our muslim population , and stemming the flow of new ones coming in . 
  nobody wants to doo this `` dirty work '' , and it looks awful just typing it , but i 'd rather see it done anyway . 
  furthermore , i think we should implement some sort of soft quarantine on muslim countries . 
  the stakes are too high to just sit back and do nothing . 
  it wo n't be a perfect solution , and it 's an ugly solution , but i ca n't think of any other way to go about it other than getting our hands dirty . 
  a lot of people think we should n't cross that line . 
  i think we have to . 
  i can accept a reasonable risk from cancer or car crashes . 
  i can not accept a reasonable risk from terrorism , as it fundamentally threatens our national sovereignty .
