  i am only including this reference to arizona because every job i have ever had in there , i have worked with illegal immigrants . 
  i had good friends who were illegals . 
  most of them risked life and limb to cross the desert . 
  many have been here for years and have children . 
  it is these people i feel sympathy for . 
  i feel no sympathy for those who just got here and were turned back . 
  they played the game and they lost . 
  i feel for those who have put down roots and are forced to leave everything behind if they are discovered . 
  however , it should also be known that illegals make up a significant amount of the organized crime in border states . 
  you think it is over blown if you do n't live there , but it is not . 
  sorry for this long windedness . 
  i just see so many people on reddit think if you have any anti-illegal immigration stance you are racist . 
  i also constantly see my home state get labeled as `` extremely racist '' because they voice their concerns . 
  that is such absurd bullshit it is almost not even worth trying to correct people . 
  you may think you are doing wonderful things by allowing these people to stay if they cross illegally , but there are other things to consider . 
  it is not just a few hundred people , it is several hundred thousand per year . 
  these border crossings ( either desert or ocean ) are dangerous . 
  and by having a policy of accepting all who make it , you are inherently encouraging more to come . 
  the more that come , the more that will die . 
  the more that will be raped along the way ( a * huge * problem with mexican women/children ) . 
  think about these things when people discuss immigration in this country . 
  it would be silly to dismiss people as crazy republicans ( not saying you did , but many redditors do ) . 
  the answer to these questions is not so simple . 
  just out of curiousity , where are you from ? 
  i see views like this expressed all the time from redditors who have never been to a border state , or spent much of their life there . 
  i spent the first 25 years of my life in arizona , and the perspective is very different than the perspective of some north-east liberals who think border enforcement is de-facto racism . 
  so it is illegal to come to europe illegally , but it is also illegal for a country to enforce that law ... 
  sounds pretty bass ackwards to me . 
  thanks for the engaging discussion . 
  we certainly live in interesting times . 
  it will definitely be interesting to see how all this unfolds . 
  i 've been there , but i have found calling people dick heads does n't help your cause either . 
  you could have tried explaining yourself first , and then if they hate continued to be poured on , then lob the `` dick head '' comments . 
  you went from 0 to 60 way too fast , and earned the ire of the europeans here . 
  i myself do n't do it often . 
  but you can learn a lot from admitting you 're wrong and learning from others . 
  there was simply so much i did n't know ( and still do n't ) , that the very basis from which i made my opinion was wrong . 
  i thought i was more or less right with the little information i had , and the perspective that i was coming from . 
  but between you and countvontroll said , there was just so much that i had n't considered . 
  after considering these new perspectives it was impossible to deny that my previous belief that there was nothing to worry about was simply wrong . 
  plus , after admitting i was initially wrong , i 've had some pretty productive discussions . 
  and that 's really what we 're all here for right ? 
  to learn from others , and to teach others/share your perspective with others . 
  letting ego get in the way of that is such a waste of an opportunity . 
  how was your pizza ? 
  i definitely did n't hear about the redditor getting his car bugged . 
  that is ... concerning to say the least . 
  i have n't really heard much about people getting flagged in some database and having that effect their career in terms if clearances , but the fact that a number of people have been unknowingly been put on `` no fly '' lists for bizarre reasons , or reasons that were never explained would lead me to speculate that people can indeed be placed on dubious lists that effect their lives and they have no control over that . 
  i honestly think that all of this is a reaction to incidents that have happened in the past . 
  security agencies are tasked with the impossible job of detecting every possible threat . 
  on the one hand , they need as much information as possible to detect threats that they do n't even know about , on the other they must do this within the framework of the law and the sensitivities of citizens and governments , domestic and foreign . 
  if you asked me what the appropriate balance is , i would respond `` i do n't know '' . 
  and like you said towards the end of your post , finding out what is really going on is nearly impossible since there is as much information as misinformation . 
  to me it is just easier to put it in the back of my mind and pretend like i never knew about all these revelations in the first place . 
  what ? 
  people admitting when they are wrong ? 
  you 're right . 
  i 'm definitely changing my views on all this . 
  i 'd also like to thank you for educating me , and not skewering me when you could have gone for the jugular . 
  it 's much easier to change your opinion when you 've been shown you were wrong , and not assaulted with insults for not having the facts . 
  it was an approach i should have taken with my initial comment , but instead i ridiculed the person and now look like an ignorant asshole , deservedly so . 
  i guess a lot of the technology that has come on line in the last decade is so obscure , and so powerful it 's not easy to conceptualize how it can be abused , and it 's almost impossible to tell when it is abused . 
  i think these facts lull people into a false sense of security because they do n't even understand the technical details of the tools that are being developed , and it 's hard to tell how it effects you at a personal level . 
  industrial espionage is the biggest concern of mine since that has tangible effects on potentially millions of lives and can undercut an entire nations industries . 
  i see that as such a threat as to be a matter of national security . 
  however , the fact that this sort of data collection has been occurring for the past decade without anyone really knowing is firm evidence that the intelligence agencies are not using/abusing the information they have to go after people voicing their opinions on the internet . 
  there is zero evidence that freedom of expression for anyone has been curtailed . 
  is it still a frightening prospect ? 
  yes . 
  but i see no reason to believe that the situation is trending in the direction of powers being abused to mitigate people 's rights . 
  i also see this as simply the latest manifestation of something that has been occurring since the inception of governance . 
  that is , the subtle monitoring of the populace as an insurance against threats . 
  i do n't see this as a tool to go after internet users complaining about their government . 
  if that was the case , we 'd all be in jail . 
  in reality , none of us are . 
  this is probably the most nuanced opinion i 've seen on this subject . 
  you broached a number of topics i had n't considered . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  we should at least be given the chance tio decide what aspects we can tolerate , and which ones we should n't . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i am sorry but i find this incredibly naive . 
  what freedoms of yours have been damaged ? 
  some meta data * might * be stored in a database somewhere ? 
  imagine whining about this to someone who has been beaten , arrested , or had family members killed in some other country . 
  try telling them your sob story that there is a possibility that somewhere some ones and zeros of yours are being stored somewhere . 
  try telling someone who really knows about having their freedoms and their rights stolen about your complaint . 
  before last week , you had no idea this was even happening . 
  how free did you feel last week ? 
  i 've always thought it was odd that i never see european redditors mention basketball when sports are mentioned in this sub reddit . 
  i wonder if that many europeans even know how many nba players are from europe , or how good they are over here . 
  especially in the olympics , there are quite a few fantastic european national teams . 
  does that mostly go unnoticed ? 
  just out of curiosity , why would you say `` i did n't expect the hate '' , and follow that up by calling the europeans here `` forgetful has-beens '' and `` dick heads '' . 
  that seems pretty self defeating . 
  yeah i agree it is annoying . 
  but on / r/worldnews half the time it is non-americans doing it which is possibly even more annoying . 
  sometimes it 's nice to just talk about the country in the article without drawing useless parallels to a country that is completely irrelevant in this context . 
  wow . 
  thanks for the response . 
  you definitely seem like you are passionate about all this .
