  what business of the us is this ? 
  why should obama be concerned about this in the least ? 
  as i said earlier ... suspicious . 
  i 'm surprised people in the netherlands actually know about netflix . 
  i would guess that some would know about it , but how popular is it exactly ? 
  i mean i 've never heard of canal + before reading this article . 
  i would assume that similarly most countries outsides of the us , canada , and the uk would probably not know about netflix . 
  hmmm ... 
  how do you know these distinctions ? 
  fair enough . 
  maybe i just get a little irked since i see left leaning media outlets get a pass so often for their biases , and right wing media outlets get pilloried for their biases . 
  and because of that , i think people make the connection that left leaning papers are superior to right leaning ones since they receive much less criticism , and are therefore perceived as much less bias . 
  oh undoubtedly . 
  and the majority of my compatriots on reddit as well . 
  but i would rather speak my mind and get down voted than just let my own views wither on the vine for fear of being scrutinized . 
  otherwise , a lot of people would be unaware that there are others out there with differing opinions , and more importantly , * valid reasons for those differing opinions * . 
  i also spend so much time here because i like international relations and geopolitics . 
  and let 's just say europe is a little more geopolitically active than north america is . 
  i mean honestly , how many people give a shit about the relationship between the us and canada ? 
  how many scholars actually spend significant amounts of time studying that relationship ? 
  there are hardly any articles discussing this issue anywhere . 
  well then i know yours as well . 
  i 'm serious . 
  how many times have you actually gone to fox 's website and read articles and opinion pieces from their with an open mind ? 
  i would say they are broadly similar . 
  how often do you read articles on their site ? 
  or do you dismiss fox because other redditors do , and laud the guardian because other redditors do ? 
  well excluding obvious tabloid magazines , i am comparing it to other media outlets that are supposed to have some semblance of respect . 
  i am not comparing it to the dailymail or some bullshit like that . 
  i am comparing it to the telegraph , cnn , msnbxc , fox , ft , the economist , globe and mail , etc. . . and in my opinion , yes . 
  the fact that it is worse than all those is self evident . 
  unless you only read the guardian i guess and never look at those other media outlets . 
  wow . 
  honestly , if it was n't for the whole snowden/guardian thing , i would n't think any more than a fringe minority would think the guardian is anything better than a gutter rag . 
  but because of that , it now has all sorts of credibility . 
  that is basically their one shining moment . 
  everything else is one crap article after another . 
  no , i am not . 
  i can usually tell the bias a newspaper has by the consistency of the opinion pieces it publishes in the comment is free/commentary/opinion section . 
  there is no worse media outlet than the guardian . 
  it is as predictable as it is vomit inducing . 
  i can predict what the top five opinion pieces are going to be and be right 90 % of the time . 
  there will be an article how something minor is obviously incredibly sexist . 
  there will be an article suggesting that all white people are hopelessly racist ( and no other races are ) . 
  there will be an article suggesting that the west is somehow responsible for everything evil in the world , and quite possibly caused both aids and ebola in africa . 
  however , the guardian 's business section is n't too bad . 
  it 's just that the rest of the site is absurdly bias to a point few other media outlets would stoop too . 
  that 's what i figured . 
  the telegraph in my opinion is vastly superior to other major british media sources ( not counting more serious publications like the economist or the financial times ) . 
  i guess i probably suffer similar biases though as i think the guardian is the worst english speaking media outlet i have ever come across ( although i still read it frequently ) . 
  my guess is people do n't like the telegraph since they often speak uncomfortable truths . 
  a lot of people would probably rather ignore anything that does n't tell them they live in a perfect little utopia . 
  what 's your problem with the telegraph ? 
  do you prefer the guardian or something ? 
  i 'm not building a straw man , i am making an observation . 
  in my original comment , i mentioned that it was n't justified either way . 
  keep in mind , it is also hard for me to determine what are , and what are n't opinions of fringe minorities . 
  i do not live in europe . 
  this is one of the few platforms i have to converse with europeans . 
  i am engage europeans in their own language at the bar , at the dinner table , at the office etc. . . 
  i try to keep that in mind when i try to think about what the dominant thoughts are in europe because i understand i have a very limited view . 
  what i mentioned earlier about people calling arabs `` german '' or german based on convenience was an observation i have made that makes me cynical . 
  that is all i am trying to say . 
  how was my comment racist ? 
  i was pointing out the racism i perceive on this sub . 
  how does that make me racist ? 
  i 've seen your comments throughout this thread , and you seem to take offense at every perceived slight against anything european . 
  chill out dude . 
  not to be pedantic , but the term `` banana republic '' did not originate from guatemala , and a conflict between workers and the united fruit company . 
  it came from a short story by an american author ( pen name o. henry ) called [ the admiral ] ( http://www.readbookonline.net/readonline/737/ ) . 
  in that context , it was simply about a country with nothing else to offer but banana 's . 
   let 's not forget the fact we have the kgb abducting european citizens but also the cia abducting european citizens . 
  fair enough . 
  but be consistent . 
  because the person that was kidnapped was not an ethnic european , but an muslim arab . 
  now , that does not justify it . 
  however , every time an arab , turk , or african does something fucked up in europe , virtually everyone in this sub calls them `` french '' or `` german '' or `` european '' to clarify that they are not ethnic french/german/european , but actually nothing more than a fucking arab . 
  so this guy that was abducted was german , but tomorrow he 'll go back to being `` german '' . 
  you guys apply these terms at your convenience . 
  it 's hard for me to take you seriously when in any other circumstance , you would n't consider him european , you would consider him a foreigner , a plague unto your society . 
  but because he was kidnapped by nefarious americans , he becomes an honorable european citizen . 
  i agree with a lot of what else you said , i just took issue with those two things ( although getting into a debate over the origin of the term banana republic is not really worth pursuing any further because it does n't really detract from the point you were trying to make , i just felt like clarifying it ) . 
  how in god 's name can any community cope with such a gigantic surge in population so fast ? 
  small towns are typically insular compared to other communities/cites , and by nature would be relatively resistant to a huge surge of outsiders . 
  but how are a small local schools , hospitals , etc. . . supposed to accommodate a 50 % surge in population ? 
  even if the government could provide funds for this , infrastructure can not built over night . 
  it would take time to build the facilities , renovate existing ones etc. . . what are they thinking ? 
  first off , this post simply has a link to this nordic model and said `` why the u.s hate nordic model ? '' . 
  this post never suggested the us would hate adopting this model , it simply said the us hates this model . 
  so my comment was a response to this . 
  no , why would americans hate how nordic countries run their own country ? 
  why would we even give a fuck either way how they run their country ? 
  so your comment is kinda useless in this context . 
  oh , and where do you get your views of the us from ? 
  / r/politics ? 
  you basically crammed as many stereotypes and buzzwords into one comment as possible . 
  take this gem for example :  if you were n't killed by some super religious zealot dressed in us flag-print trousers , shirt and novelty cowboy hat within a month , i 'd honestly die of shock . 
  where do you come up with this shit ? 
  that 's like me saying if i went to ireland , and was n't assaulted by leprechauns , i would die of shock . 
  we hate the nordic model ?
