  people probably pick up on these comments and remember them when they are directed at them , and forget/ignore stupid comments that are directed at others . 
  to suggest that it does not happen is not true . 
  i see them all the time and just shake my head and say to myself `` why is this comment even here ? 
  this article/thread has nothing to do with america . '', 
  what 's worse is these comments are usually heavily up voted . 
  you probably just do n't notice them , like i tend not to notice comments about british teeth or whatever . 
  how could you possibly believe what you are saying is true ? 
  that 's pretty naive . 
  suggesting americans dislike europe for having things like socialized healthcare is just as silly as suggesting terrorists dislike americans for their `` freedoms '' . 
  the reality is much more simple . 
  its an action-reaction thing . 
  anti-american comments beget anti-european comments , and anti-european comments beget anti-american comments . 
  there is a subset of very vocal , very ignorant europeans who grandstand all over the internet calling americans uncilvilized , saying they have no culture , and simply refusing to believe that the quality of life in the us is very high for the average american . 
  the reverse is also true . 
  it 's idiots spouting their mouth off who have never been to america/europe , and making comments that are completely out of touch with reality with how life is actually like for the respective country/region they are bashing . 
  these people that usually talk about europe/america are talking about places that do not actually exist except for in their own minds . 
  that sounds so enticing . 
  i assume the islands of greece are relatively isolated from the effects of the greek economy right now . 
  i have this mental image that those islands are pretty much isolated from what 's going on in the rest of the world , like they 're in their own little world altogether . 
  is that accurate at all ? 
  please stop . 
  you 're making me sad . 
  if you continue this way i 'll have to walk away from my job right now and purchase a one way ticket to greece . 
  that sounds too good to be true . 
  i totally agree . 
  now i just need to learn greek and find me an island to retire on at the age of 26 . 
  all i need is a hammock , a little boat , and maybe a bottle of booze or two and i 'm set . 
  that does sound awesome . 
  people tend to conflate wealth , opportunities , and access to modern infrastructure as the only things that count when assessing where the best place to live is . 
  those metrics are broadly true for most people , but what about a carefree life on an island away from all the bullshit that comes with living in a modern city ? 
  there 's a lot to be said about a laid back lifestyle , especially if its on a beautiful secluded island . 
  i can definitely see why someone would want to live there . 
  why ca n't the simple life be the best life ? 
   if i remember correctly alexander the great one of the coolest leaders in history heralds from that country . 
  i guess that depends on where you are from . 
  i believe the citizens of persepolis would n't call him `` cool '' , and would argue about the `` great '' part as well . 
  they would probably call him alexander the jerk . 
  yup . 
  and much of the southwest was acquired from mexico . 
  but whatever , i 'm just having some fun here . 
  so all that extra land would just be a bonus for you guys then . 
  got ta keep an eye on those wiley texans though , they do n't take kindly to outsiders telling 'em what to do . 
  then who would bail obama out of foreign policy fiascos ? 
  i do n't need to give them ideas . 
  it 's already in the back of their minds . 
  brits are always scheming . 
  why do you think we spy on them ? 
  we do n't want the white house getting torched again . 
  india just has a crazy huge population . 
  one of their states ( uttar pradesh ) has 200 million people in it . 
  you know a country is over populated when the number 2 country by population has 1 billion more people than the country that is number 3 . 
  the whole population of my country is like a stastical error for india . 
  plus i 've been to india before , and i 'm not sure the uk would want them back . 
  they 'd have to buy about 500 million toilets for them . 
  does america count as an ex-colony ? 
  that would be strange . 
  the uk 's population would go up by 300 + million people over night , and they would get a bunch of shiny new toys . 
  their navy could rule the seas again !, 
  you should go back a few pages in / r/europe and look for the submission discussing smug eurotrash . 
  your comment is a prime example of what eurotrash would say . 
  they both smell like shit to me . 
  i do n't see the point in debating which turd smells worse . 
  you could also add a little yellow in north america for quebec . 
  but otherwise , that is a pretty impressive feat . 
  more and more people around the world are learning european languages , so this dominance looks to strengthen even more . 
  george from greece does n't seem too impressed with germany :  myopic . 
  vindictive . 
  jaundiced . 
  self-serving . 
  actually , from looking at many of the comments , they were almost uniformly negative at worst or neutral at best . 
  a comment from the netherlands was one of the few positive comments , and it only contained one word : `` good '' . 
  the comments are n't very surprising . 
  nobody roots for goliath . 
  i concur this would be a cool idea . 
  maybe to add on to this , but i think it would also be cool to incorporate an homage to the unlimited list of great european thinkers either on the birth anniversary or death anniversary . 
  so many europeans changed the history of the world , i think it would be fitting to honor them and discuss the impact they had on history . 
  to be fair , the occasional indian gang rape is also a hot topic in / r/worldnews . 
  i do n't think that is totally true , but there certainly is some truth to what you are saying . 
   ... reads the title and just talks about similarities between the headline and whatever is going on in america . 
  this is exceptionally annoying . 
  both americans and non-americans alike seem to steer the conversation towards america in basically every thread , even if the article in question has absolutely nothing to do with america . 
  there seems to be a certain threshold for the amount of subscribers to a subreddit that turns it into a shitshow of idiots on parade . 
  i 'm not really sure if there are any decent alternatives to / r/worldnews , besides going to regional sub reddits like / r/europe , where the conversation is typically constrained to the article posted ( although threads can also wander off topic in this sub as well , but no where nearly as badly as / r/worldnews ) . 
  i think it is a matter of perspective . 
  considering the default sub / r/worldnews bans us domestic news , i do n't think it is true that this site is all about american news . 
  you are probably right when it comes to american culture , but if you want something more wordly , i do n't really know what to tell you . 
  have you tried subscribing to sub reddits that are specific to a certain country ? 
  it seems there is a sub for just about every country . 
  you might have some luck there . 
  yeah i was being a sarcastic asshole with that comment , but what do you really mean by your original question ? 
  you are already posting in / r/europe . 
  that should answer your question `` does european/world reddit exist ? '', 
  what more are you looking for ? 
   this site is way too america-centralised i agree . 
  it 's annoying that an american website would be america-centralised . 
  americans should create more websites that only talk about europe , and rarely mention the us . 
  that would make a lot of sense . 
  other people here have described it pretty well . 
  i 'm not gon na get too much into it , but this stereotypical eurotrash attitude can be hilarious at times . 
  i was friends with this girl from spain at one time , and although 99 % of the time she was cool as hell , sometimes this attitude would pop up , and it was rather entertaining when it did because it came across as really forced and awkward .
