  that 's how i feel !, 
  i never new heresy was supposed to taste so good . 
  seriously . 
  pineapple is my favorite topping on a pizza . 
  maybe other people should give it a try . 
  it 's fucking delicious, 
  he is just a symbol used on old propaganda posters that came about during one of the world wars . 
  he represents the us government more than america itself . 
  the name comes from the abbreviation for our country : the u.s. united states/uncle sam . 
  i 'm straight but i 'd go gay for that . 
  if anyone is gon na break my butt hymen it 's gon na be uncle sam . 
  nothing more american than getting booty blasted by that fine patriot, 
  what is gay propaganda ? 
  sounds way cooler than boring old straight propaganda, 
  other countries are crazy too, 
  yeah i totally agree . 
  we are basically trash . 
  send us more poles please !, 
  i only have one catholic church near me that has descriptions of the stations of the cross in polish near me . 
  we need more of your influence !, 
  thanks !, 
  i try my best . 
  unfortunately , spheres of influence were never dependent on the consent of smaller powers . 
  they are established by major powers regardless of what smaller countries think . 
  i posted in that sub once . 
  i am not defending russia at all , this is a matter of realpolitik and i am not defending any position one way or another . 
  you do n't seem to understand that . 
  you did n't call me out on being a traitor . 
  you accused me of being one for ridiculous reasons . 
  maybe think a little more before tossing around stupid accusations . 
  ummm ... how does that comment make me a traitor ? 
  gay rights are different than transgender rights though ( which is what your article is about ) . 
  a lot of people have just recently accepted gay marriage , but have yet to warm to transgender issues . 
  so in this case , it does n't really have anything to do with marriage or tax breaks . 
  your article is not related to this issue . 
  me too . 
  the only country that should try to take crimea back is ukraine . 
  it 's no one else 's business . 
  is that kind of salary normal in your country ? 
  i hope you are only like 20 years old or something . 
  that seems like living on famine rations, 
  europeans have been predicting russia 's collapse for centuries now . 
  yet there it , still the largest country in the world . 
  i would n't hold my breath waiting for russia to collapse either . 
  you might end up waiting a few more centuries . 
  the hitler comparison is quite apt actually . 
  was hitler stopped by denouncements or sanctions ? 
  no , he was stopped by military force . 
  russia also will not surrender it 's position in crimea over sanctions or worthless proclamations from western countries . 
  russia will only surrender crimea when someone physically takes it from them . 
  who is going to do that ? 
  there is nothing the world can do besides maintain sanctions . 
  but how long will we do that before we give up and acknowledge reality ? 
  the only way crimea goes back to ukraine is through military force . 
  who is going to supply that military force ? 
  if ukraine wants crimea , it will have to take it . 
  since russia consists crimea their territory , they will consider this an invasion of their sovereign territory and will retaliate with a full scale war on ukraine . 
  ukraine will lose that war . 
  there are no good options here for ukraine . 
  yup . 
  it is de facto theirs until ukraine somehow manages to take it back by force , which is n't happening anytime soon . 
  it might be difficult for people to acknowledge , but that is the reality . 
  crimea is russian now , pretending otherwise changes nothing . 
  wow that 's not a lot of money at all . 
  20k rubles appears to be about 340 dollars . 
  is the cost of living cheap where you live ? 
  how much are apartments where you live ? 
  i agree . 
  murder is fucking hilarious, 
  good god that blog was almost unreadable . 
  it looked like somebody wrote that piece and put the entire thing in google translate . 
  yeah it 's really strange that people actually believe that nonsense . 
  i have traveled all over america and lived in 6 different states . 
  never seen a place that fits that description . 
  oh well , they can believe whatever they want to believe . 
  how do you define the right thing to do ? 
  being the world leader involves more than taking in refugees . 
  that is reactive policy . 
  being the leader involves proactive policy as well . 
  are you comfortable with being the country that decides which dictators to prop up ( which you will get endless criticism for ) and which dictators to remove ( which you will get endless criticism for ) . 
  playing geopolitics means getting your hands dirty , where there is no right or wrong . 
  would you volunteer ireland for that role ? 
  well those states have large metropolitan cities in them . 
  my home state of arizona is on that list . 
  ever been to phoenix ? 
  it certainly is n't a poor backwards theocracy . 
  most of those states also have their populations clustered in major cities . 
  good . 
  i have no desire to be the leader of the free world . 
  if you want that responsibility , go for it . 
  see how long that euphoria lasts, 
  300 million is the 3rd largest block in the world ( unless you consider the eu a single political entity like a county ) , so not sure where you are getting the idea that it is a small block . 
  and i am more than happy about being a small block . 
  nobody in canada feels insecure about their population of 30 million . 
  they seem to be quite fine with their marginal role in the world , and not having their currency have reserve status . 
  we have no business getting involved in issues an ocean away from us . 
  let regional powers sort them out as it should be anyway, 
   polls showed the majority of americans supported the war in afghanistan and iraq , and you then re-elected bush too this was in the direct aftermath of 9/11 when vengeance was the only thing on the minds of the people . 
  that sentiment is long gone by now . 
  no we wo n't .
