  i prioritize the threat of terrorism over cancer , and i believe our resources should be allocated accordingly . 
  basically , that 's a fancy way of saying `` i disagree with you '' . 
   household accidents , car accidents , or breast cancer unfortunately , cars do not get together under the banner of a religion and plot to kill you . 
  nor does breast cancer network with other cancers around the world to strategize ways to kill you . 
  terrorists do these things , not car accidents . 
  accidents happen , but terrorism does n't need to . 
  this is not an `` irrational fear '' . 
  it is a very real one . 
  thousands of people die every year because of it . 
  we must be vigilant against terrorism , and we should n't be comparing terrorism to lightning strikes and car crashes . 
  that is an irrational comparison , and leads us to under appreciating the scale of the threat we face . 
   it 's pushing them past the point of diminishing returns just to assuage unspecific fears where it becomes irrational . 
  this is a good point , but how do we define `` diminishing returns '' ? 
  if just one life is saved , does that justify everything else ? 
  and the fears are absolutely not `` unspecific '' . 
  they are clearly defined , and thus rational . 
  delusion is a powerful thing , and we tend to enjoy our own delusions that if only we are nice enough , or if only we provide enough `` education '' , we can live at peace with islam . 
  to shatter that delusion is to shatter a series of delusions : that all cultures are equal . 
  that all people have similar desires . 
  that natural/human rights are universal . 
  if we admit that the fundamental problem with terrorism is due to the teachings of mohammed , and that terrorism and murder are woven into the fabric of islam , than we are forced to reconcile many of our delusions . 
  we do n't want to do that . 
  but it must be done . 
  wow . 
  i had no idea they were actually stripping factory equipment and shipping them back to russia in empty `` humanitarian '' convoy trucks . 
  i guess i should n't really be surprised though , that 's not exactly a new tactic . 
  thanks for pulling through with those links !, 
  how do you know this ? 
  i 've never seen this claim before , and that seems like a pretty big deal . 
  that 's really bizarre . 
  i was not expecting `` teenage girl from brazil '' to be the author of these perpetually vitriolic comments . 
  i guess the `` teenage '' part explains the abundant idiocy littered throughout all of her comments . 
  blame islam for the violent tendencies of islam . 
  the only group here with `` insane actions '' here are the muslims going out and killing people . 
  again , your insistence on blaming the us for everything , in every comment you make , is nauseating . 
  every single comment of yours i see turns whatever topic of conversation towards the us . 
  do you ever tire of shit posting about america ? 
  unfortunately , the `` islamic revival '' you speak of is something that has occurred cyclically , and with regularity , throughout history . 
  if one event did not trigger this latest manifestation , another one would have . 
  we have to understand that this is historically how islam has operated , and will always operate . 
  just because it recedes into the shadows for a few decades does n't mean it will go away . 
  violence in the name of islam is the defining characteristic of islam . 
  it 's been this way since the inception of the faith . 
  some nations have a thing called `` dignity '' . 
  and while it may be atavistic to you , not everyone sees the virtue in deliberately being a barnacle . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll be sure to pass your note along to the appropriate people, 
  funny coming from someone who injects the us into every conservation . 
  every comment of yours is about the us , and how evil it is . 
  surely , you must recognize your own hypocrisy ? 
  they do n't teach those skills in boy scouts in your country ? 
  you 're missing out . 
  my favorite course was the one where you breach doors and storm a building . 
  it was very exciting as an 8 year old boy . 
  i wonder what their game plan is . 
  attacking turkish citizens is n't gon na bring the government to the negotiating table . 
  it 's only going to force a military response . 
  there 's no way negotiations could happen after attacks like this . 
  the government would n't allow it . 
  hell , the people wo n't allow it either . 
  i ca n't imagine turkish citizens having any shred of sympathy left for kurdish separatists at this point, 
  because adding more poor , backwards countries that lie helplessly on russia 's doorstep is a terrible idea . 
  europe needs more assets , not liabilities . 
  lol . 
  you 're definitely a sanders supporter . 
  everyone in the us is broke except the 1 % !, 
  all other countries are infinitely wealthier than our destitute citizens !, 
  edit : i 'll leave this comment here because i do n't believe in deleting stupid comments i make . 
  anyway , i read the rest of your comments and you come across as very measured . 
  my apologies for the vitriol . 
  they same thing could be said about anywhere honestly . 
  it 's never a good thing to add more parasites to a host . 
  three years ago this post would have been down voted for seeming crazy . 
  now it gets down voted for pointing out the obvious . 
  in a way , a lot has changed over this time . 
  in another , nothing has changed, 
  just out of curiosity , how would you check ? 
  i checked the `` other discussions '' tab , and it never shows this article posted to this sub . 
  i also checked `` recent submissions '' and it does n't show up there either . 
  this article is tagged as a duplicate ... but it is n't . 
  so why did you remove it ? 
  that article just made me sad . 
  why would the principle refuse to address this problem ? 
  why would they just insist the children deal with abuse ? 
   and then i saw one 's skirt , white/green/red . 
  honest question . 
  what does that color scheme have to do with anything ? 
   the universal values of enlightenment and humanism and the universal concept of the open society . 
  oh come on man . 
  they wanted to kill westerners , they were n't attacking the `` enlightenment '' . 
  that sounds like when bush would say that al qaeda hated the us because of our freedoms and our values . 
  it 's only tangentially related . 
   russian gov would never allow egypt or another state to investigate their planes i agree . 
  so why would poland allow it ? 
   der spiegel is a populist newspaper supporting the us narrative and what narrative would that be ? 
  hell , last year der speigel was one of the most vitriolic media outlets when it came to the whole nsa spying scandal ( before it came out that every european country was basically doing the same thing ) . 
  so i 'm not sure what us narrative it is supporting , considering it is often very critical of anything coming from the us . 
  if there is one thing liberals certainly love , it 's preening for validation from each other . 
  it 's like they 're in some never ending competition to prove who can be the most open minded , and most `` progressive '' . 
  we live in strange world where governments , and media have the mentality of a naive 20-year old .
