  the european union has dropped most pretenses about this being a confrontation between the european union and greece . 
  it is increasingly obvious that although the european union has much at stake , in the long term this is about germany and greece , and in the short term it has become about the imf and greece . 
  germany feels that the greeks are trying to take advantage of its good nature , while the imf has institutionalized a model in which sacrifice is not only an economic tonic to debtors but also a moral requirement . 
  this is not frivolous on the part of germany and the imf . 
  if they give greece some leeway , other debtors will want the same and more . 
  giving greece a break could lead to italy demanding one , and italy 's break could swamp the system . 
   on the greek side , the syriza party 's leaders are making the decisions . 
  those leaders have only limited room to maneuver . 
  they came to power because the mainstream eurocratic parties had lost their legitimacy . 
  since 2008 , greek governments appeared to be more concerned with remaining in the eurozone than with the spiraling unemployment rate or a deep salary cut for government workers . 
  that stance can work for a while , if it works . 
  from the greek public 's point of view , it did n't ; many greeks say they did not borrow the money and they had no control over how it was spent . 
  they are paying the price for the decisions of others , although in fairness , the greeks did elect these parties . 
  the greeks do not want to leave the euro , interestingly . 
  they want to maintain the status quo without paying the price . 
  but in the end , they ca n't pay the price , so the discussion is moot . 
   the greek government is thus calculating two things . 
  first , would covering the next payment be better or worse than defaulting ? 
  second , will behaving like the eurocratic parties they forced to the wall leave syriza internally divided and ripe for defeat by a new party ? 
  the german calculation has to be whether a default by the greeks , one that does n't cause the sky to fall , would trigger recalculations in other debtor countries , causing a domino effect . 
   ** the future of free trade **  the more fundamental issue concerns neither the euro nor the consequences of a greek default . 
  the core issue is the future of the european free trade zone . 
  the main assumption behind european integration was that a free trade zone would benefit all economies . 
  if that assumption is not true , or at least not always true , then the entire foundation of the european union is cast into doubt , with the drachma-versus-euro issue as a short footnote . 
   the idea that free trade is beneficial to all sides derives from a theory of the classical economist david ricardo , whose essay on comparative advantage was published in 1817 . 
  comparative advantage asserts that free trade allows each nation to pursue the production and export of those products in which the nation has some advantage , expressed in profits , and that even if a nation has a wide range of advantages , focusing on the greatest advantages will benefit the country the most . 
  because countries benefit from their greatest advantages , they focus on those , leaving lesser advantages to other countries for which these are the greatest comparative advantage . 
   i understate it when i say this is a superficial explanation of the theory of comparative advantage . 
  i do not overstate it when i say that this theory drove the rise of free trade in general , and specifically drove it in the european union . 
  it is the ideology and the broad outlines of the concept that interest me here , not the important details , as i am trying to get a high-level sense of europe 's state . 
   to begin with , the law of comparative advantages does not mean that each country does equally well . 
  it simply means that given the limits of geography and education , each nation will do as well as it can . 
  and it is at this point that ricardo 's theory both drives much of contemporary trade policy and poses the core problem for the european union . 
  the theory is not , in my opinion , wrong . 
  it is , however , incomplete in looking at the nation ( or corporation ) as an integrated being and not entities made up of distinct and diverse interests . 
  there are in my mind three problems that emerge from the underlying truth of this theory . 
   the first is time . 
  some advantages manifest themselves quickly . 
  some take a very long time . 
  depending on the value of the advantage each nation has , some nations will become extremely wealthy from free trade , and do so quickly , while others will do less well , and take a long time . 
  from an economic point of view this may still represent the optimal strategies that can be followed , but from a more comprehensive standpoint this distinction creates the other two problems with the law of comparative advantage . 
   the first of these is the problem of geopolitical consequences . 
  economic power is not the only type of power there is . 
  disparate rates of economic growth make the faster growing economy more powerful in its relation to the slower growing economy . 
  that power is both political and military and can be used , along with economic advantage , to force nations into not only subordinate positions but also positions where their lesser comparative advantage diminishes even further . 
  this does not have to be intentional . 
  * maximizing comparative advantage makes some powers stronger than others , and over time that strength can leave the lesser power crippled in ways that have little to do with economics . 
  *  the last problem is the internal distribution of wealth . 
  nations are not independent beings . 
  they are composed of autonomous human beings pursuing their interests . 
  depending on internal economic and political norms , there is no guarantee that there will not be extreme distinctions in how the wealth is distributed , with a few very rich people and many very poor people . 
  the law of comparative advantage is not concerned with this phenomenon and therefore is not connected to the consequences of inequality . 
  you realize he 's mostly making fun of europeans when he is parroting kremlin talking points ? 
  he 's an american who highlights how silly europeans can be by sarcastically using their idiotic comments that are often ubiquitous on this sub . 
  you have a point . 
  i think one can argue both ways . 
  i guess i just do n't like the idea of censoring/deleting comments in general . 
  but yeah , shitty comments can certainly be annoying and totally derail a thread . 
  sweden is not a part of nato, 
  but at least we only have one set of parents we need to get past . 
  europe has about thirty :(, 
  every time i see the word `` art '' on reddit , it is usually a feminist pooping or peeing on something , or putting something in her vagina , then shooting it out . 
  i was pleased to see that was not the case this time . 
  you do realize that the `` downvote '' button is a perfectly good solution to this that allows us to moderate the thread better than what the `` benevolent mods '' seem to think is appropriate for our innocent little minds . 
  you did more harm than good . 
  you fucked up . 
  and you 're `` best '' solution was an absolute travesty . 
  if this is the `` best solution '' you can come up with ( i.e. 
  deleting censoring entire threads ) , you have no business being a mod and should abdicate your position . 
  can you name those books that are more than 150 years old that have over 1 billion followers who also happen to be murdering people in arch that spans from nigeria to the philippines and countless countries in between ? 
  please tell me about the `` many '' books that you are referring to that i should keep an eye out for . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
   also , this policy of removing entire threads for containing racists comments is ridicolous . 
  just remove the comments themselves . 
  definitely agree with you about targeting specific comments . 
  but that brings up another point ... why delete comments at all ? 
  there is already a mechanism in place for the users of the sub ( i.e. 
  not the fucking mods ) to deal with shitty comments ... the downvote button . 
  we 're not children that need our delicate eyes shielded from nasty comments . 
  we 're adults who can read shitty comments , downvote , and move on . 
  we do n't need mods deleting anything for us at all . 
  i am totally on board with this . 
  however , how can we be sure which moderator it was ? 
  can we get any opinions about this from other moderators ? 
  can we get the moderator in question to justify why he/she is deleting comments/threads ? 
  i think this is a good idea . 
  but if we vote , we should have an informed vote , not one based on speculation . 
  i 'll show you mine if you show me yours , 
  i wonder if it 's possible to determine which mods are deleting the most comments ? 
  can they even give an explanation ? 
  ask , and ye shall receive :  that greece is becoming increasingly desperate in its search for funds to pay its creditors is well known , but thursday 's news from washington was striking nonetheless . 
  sources at the international monetary fund , the financial times reported , confirmed that greek officials had asked whether it would be possible to postpone the country 's repayments to the group , which amount to $ 2.5 billion ( $ 2.7 billion ) in may and june . 
  the imf turned greece down unconditionally . 
  but the request showed that the greek government itself is no longer confident it will be able to agree with creditors on reforms in time to unlock the bail-out funds it needs to avoid default . 
  with greece 's mercurial finance minister , yanis varoufakis , arriving in washington today for the spring meeting of the imf , the country seems to be edging ever closer to disaster . 
   the inquiry about delaying payments to the imf was typical of the unpredictable behaviour of greece 's new government , led by the leftist syriza party . 
  within the eurogroup of euro-zone finance ministers , the greeks ' shifting demands and failure to respect confidentiality have destroyed their credibility . 
  other members have largely given up trying to understand greek aims , and are instead setting conditions . 
  on wednesday germany 's hard-line finance minister , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , demanded that greece stop deluding its people and implement tough reforms quickly , saying the solution to the impasse was `` entirely down to greece '' . 
  the president of the european central bank , mario draghi , struck a similar note in a press conference wednesday .
