  but to a native english speaker , it is obvious what is actually meant . 
  i 'd like to think they will grow out of it eventually . 
  i too was once a silly little liberal . 
  on this sub ? 
  i think it is excellent . 
  i often forget i am talking to non-native speakers . 
  what surprises me most is how comfortable a lot of people here are with slang and colloquialisms . 
  i never feel like i need to dumb down my comments or avoid certain phrases/references . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess you should have just said that originally instead of just saying you were going to dismiss him because of what work he has been involved in . 
  your first comment came across as thoughtless whereas this one obviously has some thought in it . 
  i feel pretty petty right now . 
  like i 'm acting like your english teacher or something offering critiques on your comments that you did n't ask for . 
  why ? 
  would that invalidate every conclusion he made ? 
  would n't it be nice to dismiss someone'a entire opinions because of words next to their name ? 
  i would just give my brother or sister extra money so they could buy themselves a pack of cigs after they bought me alcohol, 
  that 's not at all how it works here . 
  wow i did n't even consider that is what you meant when using a parent 's id . 
  hell no they would n't think it implied permission if you showed them an id that was n't yours . 
  they would definitely confiscate the id if you were obviously using your parent 's , they could easily call the cops which might even get you arrested for presenting false identification ( though most likely they would just give you a ticket ), 
  my brother gave me his id . 
  he was a few years older and a lot bigger than me , yet somehow it worked . 
  i do n't know if i could pull off looking like my dad though . 
  teenage me did n't look anything like a fifty year old carpenter . 
  we used to call that the shoulder tapping method . 
  just hang out in front of the store and ask random people to buy it for you . 
  it 's a lot more difficult if there is n't a trusty bum nearby . 
  mercifully , i had older siblings who would do the deed for me as long i bought them cigarettes . 
  ah , to be young again . 
  i get it man . 
  i was just messing around . 
  i 'm obviously not knowledgeable about the detailed specifics of how every refugee has been accounted for in europe . 
  but when you say `` every refugee '' , do you mean every single refugee in europe ? 
  or every refugee that has been through processing centers ? 
  those could be two different things . 
  i would assume at least some would have found a way in getting around those centers . 
  but i would have no way of knowing that . 
  i live an ocean away from all this so all i can do is speculate . 
  it will take a very long time to fingerprint a million people , and the thousands of new ones that come every week . 
  it will be practically impossible to register every one of them , especially if they do n't want to be registered . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not worth the effort , but it should be understood that even if just a small fraction slips through the cracks , that still means tens of thousands of people that can abuse the system and move at will . 
  well you 're no fun . 
  were you on of those kids that would tell the teachers when one of your buddies brought a bottle of whiskey to school that he lifted from his parents ? 
  that looks a hell of lot better than my current ride . 
   i do n't think he should be allowed to have this platform so you think he should be banned from speaking his mind ? 
   asked how the us administration should seek to influence the referendum , julianne smith , a former national security adviser to the vice-president , joe biden , said the us had to be very careful . 
  she said the maxim of her old boss was `` it is never in your interest to tell another man what is in their interest '' , and that doing so `` presents itself with challenges , and it can backfire '' . 
  ...  the best course , she argued , was for america to lay out the big geopolitical case for the uk remaining inside the eu . 
  the right course was `` not trying to lecture the uk public , not trying to make the full case of why they need to be part of this institution but to give them a little perspective . 
  they are looking at it through a domestic lens and it would not hurt to make a broader debate about the state of the world . 
  we need a transatlantic relationship more than ever , '' she said , adding brexit would be a devastating blow for europe . 
  i think that 's reasonable . 
  they are fully cognizant this outreach can backfire and it sounds like they are treading carefully . 
  it should n't be surprising that the us would voice their opinion on this matter , and it seems pretty measured in my opinion . 
  of course , none of that caution will matter . 
  at the end of the day , no countries appreciate other countries `` suggesting '' what is in their best interest . 
  that being said , if the us was completely silent on the matter , that would speak volumes too . 
  how much animus is left over from this event ? 
  i wish i could continue this discussion since it 's really interesting , but it 's getting late where i live and i need to go to bed . 
  anyway , your insight is very appreciated . 
  thanks again . 
  so it sounds like i need to take that thought of the crescent representing the early islamic world and throw it in the trash . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i know little about the relations between countries in that region . 
  it seems i put far too much emphasis in religious connections . 
  i guess that does n't mean nearly as much as i thought it did . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i figured proximity to arab countries would have made it more important . 
  not sure if you 're turkish , but is there that much of a cultural difference between arabs and turks ? 
  if so , what are they ? 
  huh . 
  i always thought the crescent represented the early expansion of islam . 
  like if you looked at a map , you would see islam stretching from the levant , down to the arabian peninsula , then east through the maghreb , up to the iberian peninsula , and that shape looks somewhat like a crescent moon . 
  is that complete bullshit then ? 
  ca n't remember where i heard that , but that 's what i always thought the crescent represented . 
  interesting . 
  obviously english is important , but i would have expected arabic to be more relevant considering where turkey is located . 
  thanks for your response by the way . 
  i never said it was european . 
  i said i 've only heard ever referenced by europeans . 
   americans are the experts calm down there turbo . 
  we 're just sitting around speculating about things just like everyone else here . 
  i had no idea i was a member of stormfront . 
  it 's also funny to me that i never heard of stormfront until i started reading this sub regularly , and i 've lived in america my whole life . 
  and to this day , i 've only ever heard stormfront referenced in this sub . 
  it very well could be an american thing , but i always thought it was european since it is never mentioned in the us . 
  just out of curiosity , how did you learn english ? 
  are english classes mandatory in turkish schools ? 
  are there several different languages offered and you just chose english ? 
  or did you pick it up interacting with people online ? 
  i know these questions have nothing to do with the article , but i figured now is as good a time as any to ask . 
  yeah pretty much every western country has broadly similar living standards . 
  i read a book a few years ago called [ the narcissism of minor differences : how america and europe are alike ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-narcissism-minor-differences-america/dp/0199836825 ) . 
  it pretty much went through all those oecd charts that people make such a huge deal out of the the conclusion was everyone needs to shut the fuck about . 
  the difference between # 1 and # 20 in these charts is hardly noticeable to the average person . 
  we seriously argue over which country is better because a single graphic shows a 3 % . difference in some metric . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i know a lot of people that have moved to different countries . 
  precisely zero did so because of a fucking chart .
