  plus , this is hollywood we 're talking about . 
  i 'm sure they can construct a replica of it as a stage . 
  i 've never seen the original show , but were they allowed to film in the buckingham palace or the palace of westminster ? 
  yes , there is also / r/usa . 
  but there are ~ 150 subscribers to both of those you listed , and most of the posts there are about a month old . 
  as far as i know , he did n't rename it to volgograd . 
  it was n't called volgograd before it was changed to stalingrad . 
  it was called tsaritsyn . 
  that city seems to have quite the history of being named after tyrants . 
  well they can take our subs , but they can never take ... * our freedom !, 
  but those subs have millions of subscribers . 
  there is n't a single sub that is american centric with only about 50,000 subscribers such as / r/europe . 
  / r/politics is also a worthless cesspool of a circlejerk . 
  there is a reason it was removed as a default sub . 
  and you can not post to either / r/news or / r/politics with any content you want . 
  those subs can only have content related to news or politics . 
  there are no self posts there to generate discussion , which you see on a daily basis on / r/europe . 
  i liken it to someone registering www.cocacola.com right as the internet got started , and refusing to do anything with it . 
  i would n't mind it so much , however they have effectively managed to drive that sub into the ground . 
  there are less than 10,000 subscribers , it 's a virtual ghost town . 
  it could be put to better use . 
  what 's the point of holding onto that sub if no one posts there ? 
   and besides ... 
  virtually every country has their own sub except the us because americans have hundreds of subs for themselves . 
  not really . 
  they may be content heavy in favor of american topics , but those subs are huge , and tens of thousands of the subscribers are not american . 
  threads get derailed very frequently . 
  its virtually impossible to have conversations about american issues primarily with other americans . 
  if you think any sub on reddit resembles anything like an american version of / r/canada , you are mistaken . 
  / r/america is not an american sub . 
  the moderators are all british , and they started it as a satirical sub . 
  hardly anyone subscribes to it , or posts to it . 
  it is effectively dead . 
  i once messaged the mods asking them if they would relinquish control so americans could have a sub of their own . 
  i was told to fuck off . 
  think for a second how bizarre that is . 
  virtually every country has their own sub to discuss issues pertaining to their country ... except americans . 
  for non-americans , this must be a delicious irony . 
  regardless , that video was hilarious . 
  excellent point . 
  we should keep that in mind as well . 
  we ca n't be distilled into just our political views . 
  but it 's hard to keep that in mind when the thread is getting heated and feces start getting flung around . 
  lol . 
  / r/europe might as well be / r/lostgeneration . 
  yeah . 
  that seems to be the glaringly obvious category everyone here has somehow forgot to mention . 
  how did that slip through the cracks ? 
  that 's pretty damn important . 
  indeed . 
  what people should also remember is often the only interaction we have with other people from other countries is on the internet discussing things like politics . 
  these issues are inherently divisive . 
  we do n't get to talk to each other at the bar , or over lunch , or have other interactions . 
  i 'm pretty sure if the only interactions i had with my friends was discussing politics , i would n't like them much either . 
  that is why it is good not to judge countries by internet comments people make from those countries . 
  also , we should n't judge people by the comments they make on the internet . 
  i am more than just a redditor , and talk about more things than just comparisons between the us and europe . 
  judging me by my presence on / r/europe would seriously give a distorted perspective of the person i actually am . 
  like everyone else here , i do n't go around all day in my real life constantly talking politics and constantly drawing comparisons between different countries . 
  and if i did , well i would n't be a lot fun to be around . 
   well then that depends if you place a `` superiority '' on cultural diversity . 
  yeah i certainly do n't . 
  i do n't care one way or the other . 
  i think people do this because people are always searching for reasons to demonstrate that their culture is superior . 
  i am almost certain that if america was 100 % homogeneous , we would laud being homogeneous over being heterogeneous . 
  but since we are not , we celebrate diversity . 
  maybe its just a part of human nature to demonstrate superiority over others by flaunting any feature that they can that differentiates them from other groups . 
  i do n't know why people do this , it is infinitely annoying . 
  as for this judge jeanine lady , and this video ( which i can not watch since i am at work , but did look up the text of this video ) , all i can say is i have no idea who the fuck she is , and have never heard of her . 
  it 's a pretty bad reflection of us to see someone talking like that , but i all i can say is most people here do not watch fox news , or cnn or msnbc . 
  i am guessing that this is mostly a character , a persona she adopts when on fox to drum up ratings however she can . 
  i read her bio , she appears very well educated and should know better . 
  she almost reminds me of ann coulter , who is highly intelligent but deliberately spouts inflammatory bullshit to attract attention . 
  as for why people like jeanine and ann do this , and willingly act out these personas , i have no idea . 
  ratings are ratings i guess . 
   if you flipped it on it 's head and there were russian broadcasters talking about other countries going `` bomb them and keep bombing them ! '', 
  that shit would be played 24/7 to the backdrop of the russian national anthem and the soviet sickle . 
  almost certainly . 
  that 's why i do n't really consume mass media to begin with . 
  it 's entirely ratings oriented instead of content oriented . 
  you gain little from watching such programs except heart problems . 
  once again , i would n't really put too much credence or importance in what is said in media . 
  you could find more nuanced and less inflammatory opinions going to the local bar and starting up a conversation with the guy next to you . 
  and that is probably a better insight into how most people think than by watching media that is intentionally sensationalized . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess that 's better than automatically assuming the worst as i have done . 
   i think op is more interested in `` what could be causing them to think this '' and wants a general opinion . 
  i interpreted it as `` can you believe these morons actually believe this shit ? '', 
  if your interpretation is correct , then i think the answer to that is simply `` they are ignorant about various european countries '' , and that is all there is to it . 
  hmmm ... 
  i checked a wikipedia page that listed countries by minimum wage . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_minimum_wages_by_country germany has nothing listed , however i do not see a date listed for when this data was compiled . 
  is this a recent development for germany ? 
  if so , maybe that 's why it shows germany as not having an official minimum wage . 
  yeah ? 
  so what ? 
  those people are wrong and that 's all there is to it . 
  lots of people say stupid shit on the internet . 
  in fact , most things said on the internet is stupid . 
  i get your point , but the only thing you can really do about that is roll your eyes and move on .
