  not sure why so many people think there is either . 
  not sure what the point of this comment is , especially since that is true for everyone . 
  what exactly are you trying to say ? 
  to your last point , it 's about having a sense of both humility and maintaining perspective . 
  i think that 's a good thing actually . 
   `` when i 'm on another continent , i see eyes shine when those i visit talk about europe . 
  and when i return to brussels or luxembourg , i find myself in a valley of fears , a valle lacrimarum . 
  ** we do not know who we are , and we are not proud of the solid achievements of our predecessors . 
  ** '' you see that sentiment here pretty frequently . 
  that in fact not taking pride in your predecessors is actually a virtue , and displaying disdain for your people ( and especially any religious elements ) is a sign of enlightenment . 
  they go even further by suggesting anyone who does take pride in their past and current people are blind nationalists who should be ashamed and opposed . 
  i always found that sentiment odd , and obnoxiously elitist . 
  i usually chalked it up to being young , naive , and arrogant ( as those people usually have an odd need of asserting bullshit moral and intellectual superiority over others ) . 
  maybe that mentality is more widespread than i thought ? 
  of virtually every group of people on the planet , young swedes are the opinions i care least about . 
  yes it is . 
  the weird thing is , i do n't know anyone who supports bullshit like this . 
  this is clearly an issue coming from some deranged lefty , but i know a lot of people who are very left leaning . 
  none advocate crap like this . 
  so who is pushing it ? 
  where is their support coming from ? 
  i 'm guessing there 's a few people who love pushing shit like this , and everyone else is too apathetic or does n't want to deal with their bullshit so they do n't resist . 
  we 're going full retard, 
  well i certainly do n't think the common opinion about gun rights , gender issues , employment , business , government , and military are right wing . 
  the opinions i see regarding those are usually left leaning also . 
  but then again , this is kind of a pointless debate as there are a lot of mixed opinions here , and you can find comments to either support or refute whatever point you are trying to make . 
  and as for your last point , i 've never really been on any of those subs ( i 've only checked out / r/guns and / r/libertarian a few times ) so i can not really say what they are about . 
  i guess if you think this sub has right wing or left wing tendencies , you can always find ways to validate your position . 
  at least to me though , this site is nearly universally liberal/progressive and almost universally contemptuous of anything that even slightly resembles a conservative position . 
  but that 's just my opinion , and you have yours . 
  fair enough . 
  they way you were talking about it though makes it seem like you 've given up on europe , and have put all your faith in america . 
  i really hope a lot of europeans do n't look to america to solve security issues , especially with russia . 
  that is far too much of a burden to place on our shoulders . 
   no subsidized higher education . 
  i got free college education from the state . 
  free . 
  so did many people i know . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're trolling , or if you are this ignorant . 
  that 's exactly what they did . 
  and then they post stuff saying `` see , the american people support sanders ! '' . 
  i see that term `` american people '' being used a lot by sanders ' supporters . 
  there is no such thing as a monolithic block of `` american people '' . 
  for every sanders supporter , you will find people who thinks he 's just a silly populist promising freebies he can not deliver on . 
  but oh well , that kinda spamming and internet bullying just comes with the territory on this site . 
  by pretty much any metric , she 's left leaning . 
  just because she does n't advocate giving everything away for free , does not make her right wing . 
  if you find a social issue anywhere , she takes a left leaning , progressive position on it . 
  are you more concerned with an america that is unwilling to stand up to russia , or a europe that is unwilling to stand up to russia ? 
   it 's really interesting how us redditors can go from worshipping a very right-wing politician to worshipping a very left-wing politician . 
  they both promised us weed though !, 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  there is a massive , left leaning echo chamber when it comes to american redditors . 
  suggesting that republicans are n't evil , and not having a problem with religion puts a target on your back . 
  basically , if you 're not american and you are trying to understand american politics , reddit is really only useful for giving you a small spectrum of opinions . 
  i 'm guessing it is similar for most countries really . 
  but it is most certainly not representative at all . 
  the left is no where near as virtuous as a lot of redditors make it out to be , and the right is no where near as malicious or ignorant as they make it out to be either . 
  a lot of people are n't comparing their politics , or ideology . 
  they compare the two because they both maintained their principles throughout their entire political career , and were n't endlessly changing their stances on issues to align with the popular mood . 
  with both paul and sanders , you know what you are getting because both have been so consistent . 
  but yeah , the politics between the two are worlds apart . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  nothing more really needs to be said . 
  you are criticizing comments you do n't like , then serve up this useless turd as a comment . 
  what exactly does this comment contribute to the conversation ? 
  i 'm wondering the same thing . 
  why has it become popular and cool to hate yourself and your ancestors ? 
  it 's not selfish at all . 
  it 's a genuine concern to have , and it raises serious questions about your government 's a ) concern for its own citizens ( as it seems it is prioritizing the lives of refugees/illegal immigrants over the lives of its own people ) and b ) ability to plan ahead long term , as it looks like the government can barely plan this crisis day to day , let alone one month to next . 
  hopefully you wo n't have to go through that . 
  that would be really upsetting , especially if it was your first house you have been saving up to buy for years . 
  good luck !, 
  hmmm ... i imagine a lot of people losing support for the current government 's policies once lots of people see their property value decline . 
  it 's really easy for the government to admonish its citizens for not being compassionate enough , but when their homes/apartments start losing value , people are gon na be pissed off , and rightfully so . 
  they did n't ask for hundreds of thousands of refugees to come to their country , and the government 's lack of foresight in having living accommodations set up is unfairly impacting normal people . 
  it will be interesting to see how this situation develops . 
  do you think the refugee camps will effect the property prices of homes/apartments in the area ? 
  sweden supported north vietnam ? 
  so that 's why we lost !, 
  oh he probably has . 
  in fact , i 'd be kinda disappointed if he had n't . 
  i know he likes to flaunt being orthodox and all , but men with power , money , and looks are usually willing to let a few things slide when it comes to adhering to religious edicts . 
  personal goals : doing two chicks at the same time russian goals : invading two countries at the same time, 
  that 's something everyone can agree with . 
  if you are getting downvoted , it might be because people here are discussing domestic policy , and not foreign policy . 
  so i guess this comment may seem outside the scope of the conversation , where other people are what europe/america can copy from each other with respect to issues like healthcare , education , bankruptcy , your comment is more about what europe/america can copy from each other with respect to foreign policy . 
  not that your points are wrong or anything , i am just speculating that other people here might see this comment as an argument for another time i guess . 
  oddly , i believe the structure of the affordable healthcare act ( i.e. 
  obamacare ) was modeled after the system in the netherlands . 
  so i guess the us is trying to become more like the netherlands , and the netherlands is trying to become more like the us . 
  maybe those two countries should sit down and talk about the positives and negatives of each system before they both start making drastic changes . 
  interesting ... even in urban areas ? 
  completely agree . 
  this is totally stupid . 
  especially since 99 % of males would n't even want those jobs anyway . 
  so what if teaching little children is a profession dominated by women ? 
  most women do n't even do it for the money anyway , since it is not all that much . 
  a lot of women like doing it because they love little children . 
  i fail to see how that 's a problem .
