  everywhere from the us and canada , to france . 
  remember the largest protests in a decade in france where demonstrations against gay marriage . 
  just because everyone you talk to in your country supports gay marriage , does n't mean everyone else in your country supports it . 
  not everyone in western countries are college educated , progressive 20-something year olds . 
  people on reddit forget that sometimes . 
  well i guess . 
  hunting rifles obviously can not defend against systematic carpet bombing . 
  and there are only 3/4 of a million people in alaska , so they probably would n't be able to resist a full scale invasion , especially considering only a fraction of that already tiny population would be capable of fighting in the first place . 
  but it seems like we are getting into pretty silly territory here . 
  discussing a scenario where russia attacks alaska is just as unlikely as discussing a scenario where alaska is invaded and the us/canada do n't send help . 
  we might as well be talking about an alien invasion at this point . 
  the climate may not , but the geography would . 
  keep in mind alaska is vast , highly forested , and very mountainous . 
  the terrain is extremely difficult to traverse , and the few cities/population centers are separated by several hundred miles/km to a thousand miles/km . 
  there are also few roads to use . 
  almost every city , including the capital , is only accessible via airplane or boat . 
  it would be extremely difficult for them to move substantial amounts of troops in the area . 
  and due to the mountains and the weather , transportation by air is difficult , turbulent , and dangerous . 
  alaska is not an easy place to live , especially with a hostile population resisting your every move . 
  invading is the easy part . 
  occupying is difficult , and that 's where having an armed populace is beneficial . 
   they forever stopped to be seen as reliable and trustworthy partners by us . 
  by `` us '' do you mean `` me '' ? 
  that 's the oldest trick in the book . 
  yeah they are pros and cons to being on both sides . 
  i just wish we could shut ourselves off from the world 's gaze for one or two months a year . 
  we forget about the world , and they forget about us . 
  it would be a much needed vacation from all the scrutiny we receive . 
  excellent points all around . 
  there is another thing the researchers failed to explain as well . 
  a lot of those countries that are ranked highly have no data available for certain fields . 
  if you look at the [ prosperity and equality ] ( http://www.goodcountry.org/category/prosperity-equality ) section , 7 out of the top 15 nations have missing data for 2 out of the 5 categories . 
  lesotho ranks 20th in world order with two categories devoid of data ( charity giving and refugees hosted ) . 
  how can lesotho rank higher than the us with those two categories empty ? 
  and iceland ranks highest under planet and climate with an astounding 3 out of 5 categories empty . 
  how can they possibly be ranking such countries so highly with no data available for so many categories ? 
  how can that list not be regarded as entirely arbitrary ? 
  exactly . 
  and how would we respond to that criticism ? 
  stfu russia , deal with it !, 
  i would be hard pressed to say that such a move was n't deliberately notching up tensions in the region . 
  and there is little to gain from doing so , only risks . 
  i swear to god sometimes i wish i lived in a country where few people outside it spoke my language , and nobody gave a shit about my politics . 
  there has to be hundreds of millions of people who fancy themselves experts on my country , but who only know it through the prism of media . 
  you should be grateful there are n't millions of people who follow your politics and devour your culture . 
  it 's a good thing to go unnoticed . 
  oh i agree , but i usually do not expect those to be the dominant view . 
   if the usa is all about avoiding tension , why are there us-army bases in the eu in the first place ? 
  i did n't say the usa is all about avoiding tension . 
  i said it would n't be wise to * increase * existing tension . 
  those are existing bases in western/central europe . 
  that is a source of tension . 
  moving them closer to russian borders would increase tension , and would only be for symbolic purposes . 
  i do understand how this could be perceived as hypocritical , but i do n't think i agree with that perception . 
  would n't they be at an inherent disadvantage if they published in russian ? 
  i 'm not sure if scientific papers in russian universities are published in english or not , but that could be a reason . 
  russia can build fucking rocket ships and advanced nuclear power plants . 
  that tells me more about the state of their education than a ranking which judges nations by how many citations they receive . 
  are media outlets like the economist and financial times not considered quality papers or major media sources ? 
  both of those have pretty extensive coverage over a broad array of foreign issues . 
  that does n't mean they always do . 
   easy stuff like eric cantor i 'm surprised that this is considered `` easy stuff '' . 
  i figured foreign media would cover presidential elections , but not elections for the house of representatives . 
  i wonder why your country deemed that election relevant and news worthy ? 
  i ca n't imagine our media covering the elections of another country at any other level aside from the very highest level . 
   if the usa is truly as concerned as they make it about russia attacking the eu , why not position army bases closer to russia instead ? 
  because it would be unnecessarily antagonistic towards russia . 
  plus , many countries would accuse the us of war mongering by moving troops closer to russia . 
  it just would n't be a smart move as it would dramatically increase tensions , and for what ? 
  i would n't pay attention to him . 
  ideologicalexperimen is either profoundly retarded or a troll . 
  either way , he oddly is american , and seems to be one of those self-hating americans who has never left his mommies basement . 
  every single comment he makes on / r/europe is similar to the one you replied to . 
  every comment is basically `` look how cool i am eurobros , i called america a third world country '' . 
  i get that , but how am i supposed to take seriously a metric that places egypt as the number one country for international security ( or whatever it was , i 'm currently on my phone ) . 
  and if your putting norway on a list and ranking it lower than the third world countries under prosperity and equality , your method of ranking countries is just wrong . 
  there is no reasonable justification for some of these results . 
  although it is funny to note that america is ranked # 7 under health/wellness category ahead of swedes . 
  take that sweden !, 
  you fucking suck !, 
  so who does it mean something from ? 
  does merkel have to see it and personally bring it back ? 
  does jesus have to return to earth to check the status of the gold ? 
  what is good enough for you ? 
  you read the article , but ignored this part ? 
   `` i was in new york myself in june 2012 with the colleagues responsible for managing the gold reserves and saw for myself how our money is stored in the vault there . 
  actually , your car companies are [ taking over us !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercedes-benz_superdome ), 
  next , we come for your beer . 
  then your women !, 
  true . 
  maybe i should just stop getting annoyed at internet comments to begin with ? 
  i definitely agree about the second part , and can understand the issues it would cause . 
  it 's just annoying to see the conspiracy part being such a widespread and accepted view . 
  when i first made my comment , almost all the other comments in the thread were suggesting it was stolen . 
  it just annoying to see that be that natural position people take here . 
  did you even read the article or do you just feel obliged to make snarky comments ? 
   `` the americans are taking good care of our gold , '' norbert barthle , the budget spokesman for merkel 's christian democratic bloc in parliament , said in an interview . 
  `` objectively , there 's absolutely no reason for mistrust . '', 
  ...  thiele said at the time the bank has `` enjoyed an excellent relationship of trust with the new york fed for many decades '' :  `` i was in new york myself in june 2012 with the colleagues responsible for managing the gold reserves and saw for myself how our money is stored in the vault there .
