  that sounds like a liberals dream turned into a damn circus . 
  by the way , why did you change your name ? 
  the other name was much better . 
  alright then you popcorn elitist . 
  what do you to your popcorn ? 
  yeah i do n't know where that perception comes from where everybody here makes a shit load of money . 
  i went to india for a month and everyone there thought i must live in a mansion and drive multiple luxury cars ... even though i was only 25 at the time . 
  maybe it 's some hollywood perception that any illiterate fool can come here and earn millions in no time . 
  nope . 
  what the hell is that ? 
  just out of curiosity , how old were you when you came over , and since then , have any more of your friends or family members moved to chicago ? 
  are all poles who come to america required to live in chicago for a few years ? 
  i would n't be surprised if 25 % of chicago 's population was polish or of polish descent . 
  my friend just moved to chicago , he lives right at the border of a polish and a ukranian neighborhood . 
  it was wierd seeing shop signs in some sort of central/eastern european language ( i do n't know which one it was , all i know was it was crazy looking ) . 
  my brother lives in texas and i try to visit him as often as i can . 
  there 's one thing nobody can deny about texans ... those fuckers know how to * eat * . 
  do they eat steak sandwiches , but just replace the bread with more steak ? 
  oh god . 
  i 'm moving to illinois next week . 
  i hope this is n't true . 
  so where do you live ? 
  yeah that always sucks . 
  cold butter can be like applying sand paper to your bread . 
  maybe for a sandwich where the bread is n't toasted . 
  but i would think most toasted bread or buns use butter . 
  is `` mental '' a new term for `` delicious '' ? 
  i live in michigan . 
  but i have lived in : arizona , utah , pennsylvania , and virginia . 
  that 's in addition to having been in at least 15 states . 
  i found the use of butter on sandwiches to be ubiquitous . 
  the constant . 
  the thread that binds our nation together . 
  the great unifier . 
  i just asked my server at the restaurant i am at if they put butter on their sandwiches . 
  she replied `` all of them '' . 
  she then looked at me like i was weird for even questioning the practice . 
  those people on that forum are fucking * crazy * !, 
  not using butter is downright * treasonous * i tell you !, 
  damn those forum ` ers !, 
  it 's all lies !, 
  that almost defies the reality i 've been living in for 26 years now . 
  besides maybe fast food , virtually every sandwich i 've ever ordered in a restaurant has butter on it . 
  i have never heard anybody question the use of butter on a sandwich . 
  hell , up until now i thought it was customary to use butter . 
  my mind is blown now . 
  i think that link you gave me is actually part of elaborate conspiracy to trick the british . 
  that is the only scenario that makes sense . 
   many americans think butter on their sandwiches is disgusting . 
  where did you hear such nonsense ? 
  we put butter on everything , including sandwiches . 
  hell , i 'm about to sit down for lunch and order a sandwich , and it will have butter on it . 
  somebody posted a nearly identical article about an hour before you . 
  this was possibly viewed as redundant . 
  there 's a family rumor that many generations back somebody had a tryst with a native american . 
  i do n't think it 's true , but a lot of people claim to have a squirt of injun in them somewhere . 
  i did n't have a bad year . 
  i do n't even live in europe . 
  the stock market rose , but gdp declined virtually everywhere . 
  whatever man . 
  if you want to think everything is fine , go ahead . 
  2012 was an awful year !!!, 
  almost the entire eurozone is in recession and hemoraging jobs !, 
  there was broad economic contraction . 
  if the majority of germany 's export market is on the precipice of collapse , who is germany going to sell to ? 
  france 's economy is converging with the rest of the giips 's economies . 
  cyprus is a wild card . 
  how could you possibly be preaching optimism ? 
  that is the most ridiculous comment i 've seen in a while . 
  i do n't know what business news you read , the news i read contains words like `` disaster '' , `` catastrophe '' , `` mass emigration '' , `` increasing unemployment '' , and `` we 're fucked '' . 
  unless by `` optimistic '' you mean `` terrified '' . 
  or by `` everyone '' you mean `` no one '' . 
  so should i be split into chunks ? 
  half my body to ireland . 
  a quarter to hungary . 
  and the other quarter littered all over europe ? 
  i think going back 30 quarters is disingenuous . 
  that 's 7.5 years . 
  that takes us to the middle of 2005 . 
  three whole years before the crisis . 
  what is most relevant is data after 2008 , and that has been a steady decline . 
  optimism is only occurring in germany , while nearly every country in the ez saw their output decline over 2012 . 
  the latest figures , which the article we are commenting on , shows that the decline in production is accelerating . 
  how anyone could suggest this will all magically turn around is craziness . 
  does it matter if this one bad quarter is coming after about twelve consecutive bad quarters ? 
  of course . 
  no one is suggesting that it was doomed from the start , and that severe austerity exacerbated an already bad situation  . 
  i guess the next question is , can the entire population of the eurozone fit inside germany ? 
  sooooo ... 
  the decline in manufacturing was worse than any economist predicted . 
  what 's plan z ? 
  so that 's a yes . 
  are you a virgin ? 
  well he basically was talking about the divergence in the financial economy , and the real economy . 
  honestly , i am not in spain so i can not attest to the `` economy you see around you '' , which is the `` real economy '' he talks about . 
  he is implying that the affects of this `` real economy '' will eventually overwhelm the financial economy . 
  yes , things are improving now ( in terms of government economic metrics ) , but there are other currents at work here ( rising unemployment , emigration , age of population , unsustainable pensions , home foreclosures ) which could divert the course of spain 's future . 
  i believe that is what he is suggesting above all . 
  the weight of this `` real economy '' will eventually overwhelm the `` financial economy '' i guess only time will tell what will happen . 
  i sure as hell do n't what the future will look like for spain .
