  is that what you think i am doing right now ? 
  i 'm not intending to . 
  well as far as i know , the nsa never leaked anything . 
  a whistle blower did . 
  in this case , it looks like the fsb leaked a phone call they tapped and taped to social media just for the lulz . 
  either way , i do n't really care . 
  i do n't want to get in an argument over this . 
  i actually think the whole thing is kind of funny . 
   iran is coming around now because the eu never gave up talking to them insteat of using highschool bully tactics . 
  lol at your over inflated sense of importance . 
  iran is coming around now because a new president in iran was elected who wanted to reach out to the us . 
  europe had fuck all to do with it . 
  the `` new low '' was n't referring to the fact that their conversation was tapped . 
  it was referring to the conversation being leaked to youtube . 
  something that the nsa has yet to do . 
  either way , i do n't really sympathize with them much . 
  i 'm just pointing out what they meant by `` new low '' . 
  good points . 
  and that was an interesting discussion you linked to as well . 
  by the way , what 's with the user name , are you predicting something for this year ? 
  you mention greece being in de facto deflation , what do you think about the rest of the eurozone ? 
  i agree that the situation you are describing is highly complex , and is very risky with little reward associated with it . 
  i guess i do n't even know at this point if the eu wants * anything * to do with ukraine right now . 
  if they do , it does n't seem like they are willing to fight very hard for it . 
  from our point of view , the entire situation is a complete shit show with no clear path to take . 
  i am just hoping that the leaders of the eu know more than we do about the situation , and have a better idea of what they can effect , and what they ca n't . 
  looking at from behind my computer screen , it looks like the list of things the eu can do amounts to simply `` not much '' . 
  maybe that 's true , but what do i know ? 
  i 'm just a keyboard speculator . 
  that 's not surprising . 
  it 's kind of an obscure reference to begin with , and the play on words is not exactly easy to pick up on the first time you see it . 
   but i object to this position since it was the one expressed as far as i can see maybe you and i disagree over what exactly was meant when that official said `` fuck the eu '' . 
  i interpret that as her being frustrated at the eu 's lack of a coherent stance with regard to ukraine , and she is bemoaning the fact that the eu is doing little to nothing . 
  it seems you interpret her saying `` fuck the eu '' to mean that she thinks the us should forge a plan without the eu , and therefore sidelining it . 
  i would honestly need to know more context before i could say which interpretation is the correct one . 
   while the point about squabbling etc. 
  may be valid in some general sense , it really does n't apply here in my opinion . 
  the situation is difficult and fraught with peril . 
  there is no simple multiple choice style set of options that we could choose from . 
  while i 'm aware of the existence of sins of omission , i think that treading lightly is the wise thing to do here . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
   what exactly is it that the eu should be doing in your opinion ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but they should be doing * something * . 
  they should make it look like they have * some sort of plan * besides just watching the events unfold and occasionally issuing statements of condemnation . 
  they should at least make it appear that know what they 're doing . 
  sitting wide-eyed on the sidelines twiddling your thumbs does n't exactly project confidence . 
  i 'll just give my response to your edited comment here : could you elaborate on why you think the us has or wants to sideline the eu with respect to the issue in ukraine ? 
  my position is that the eu is notoriously a collection of squabblers , ditherers , and do-nothings . 
  therefore , since they can not make up their minds about how to approach any situation , they naturally make themselves irrelevant because they can not come to a collective decision . 
  so the us is n't sidelining the eu . 
  the eu just sidelines themselves . 
  was that some shitty attempt at a borat `` not '' joke or something ? 
  okay . 
  whatever you say ... 
  the eu does n't need the us to sideline it . 
  it is more than capable of making itself irrelevant on its own . 
  lol . 
  you 're from belgium . 
  those submarines are n't yours . 
  you have nothing !, 
  funny the two people who called out my comment by pointing out that europe has nukes both come from countries that do not have any . 
  you ca n't just call up france and kindly ask them shoot a couple off . 
  neither can the eu . 
  only their national governments can , or possibly through the framework of nato . 
  but the eu does n't have shit . 
    they ca n't . 
  and they wo n't . 
  europeans have nothing to hide when it comes to power . 
  that is , they have nothing , and they must hide it . 
   so . . they do have something to hide when it comes to power then ? 
  this is just a play on words of the phrase `` we have nothing to hide '' . 
  it 's actually a quote from nikita khrushchev regarding his concerns about a combined space program with the us :  at this meeting kennedy suggested that the two nations combine space programs to create a lunar program . 
  khrushchev declined the offer and was later quoted as saying , `` ( a combined space program ) will mean opening up our rocket program to them . 
  we have only two hundred missiles , but they think we have many more . '' . 
  after being asked if he had something to hide , he stated , * `` it is just the opposite . 
  we have nothing to hide . 
  we have nothing . 
  and we must hide it . '' * [ source ] ( http://academic.mu.edu/meissnerd/spacerace.html ), 
   i 've seen people talk about how the e.u. 
  does n't need hard power , that all it needs is soft power , about how a military is n't the european way this is done because the defense they use is just a childish cover to rationalize europe 's uselessness . 
  that is all it is . 
  `` we 're weak , fragmented , and cowardly ? 
  that 's because we want it that way !, 
  that 's because it 's `` progressive '' and `` enlightened '' to be total dead weight ! . '', 
   well god damn , you sure are reluctant to use it . 
  that 's because they do n't have `` it '' . 
  they have nothing , and this indecisiveness is a manifestation of their complete and total impotence . 
   prove that you can actually put that soft power to use in influencing shit that matter to you , that matters to your region and europe in general . 
  prove to the world that soft power really can bring about change without the use of military force . 
  they ca n't . 
  and they wo n't . 
  europeans have nothing to hide when it comes to power . 
  that is , they have nothing , and they must hide it . 
  reuters wo n't be good enough . 
  they are also part of the cunning anglo-saxon press . 
  and no european sources will do either . 
  because any media outlet in europe that would carry this story would be seen as nationalist neo-nazis . 
  and even when people see the effects for themselves , they will celebrate deflation as a good thing , since prices are dropping making it more `` equal '' for the common man . 
  in fact , i would n't be surprised to see articles saying deflation is good , and is more civilized than the hated capitalist-style inflation that makes things pricier , which is mean to poor people .
