  do you think an australian company should be able to sue to recoup losses if it built some massive mining operation in indonesia and they decided to nationalize it ? 
  also , on the court thing , the cases that go all the way to the top to the supreme court are inherently tricky to resolve , and rely heavily on interpretation and past precedence . 
  i read a lot of international news , and if there is one thing that is distorted about our news , i think it is court cases ( and rulings in congress ) . 
  by nature of the cases that go to the supreme court , they are n't always cut and dry . 
  there is an inherent philosophical element to this . 
  because of this , court cases ( and some decisions in congress ) can have a partisan edge them . 
  however , it is the various media outlets themselves that have a partisan edge to them that amplify this effect . 
  i mentioned international media earlier because this is where the problem gets amplified . 
  everytime i read about cases on international media , facts are omitted that are n't convenient to the message the media outlet wants to send out , other facts are heavily distorted . 
  when i read those articles i usually think to myself `` if i did n't know any better , and i just read this article , i would think america was a country full of jack asses '' . 
  just consider that you are being presented a very manufactured perception of america by both your own domestic media , and american media itself . 
  perception is very different from reality . 
  but it 's not like this is just an american phenomenon , i try to keep that in mind when i read news about other countries as well . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't know much about how the various orthodox churches interact with each other . 
  when i first made that post , i knew so little about the whole orthodox thing that i did n't even know what questions i should ask . 
  i assumed ( wrongly ) that the various orthodox religions were fiercely independent . 
  someone replied to me that the various orthodox churches do interact with each other , shared a common faith with common reverence for holy sites , and considered each other equals . 
  i did not know that . 
  this article seemed to imply that russia was trying to consolidate the ukranian and belarussian orthodox churches under a so called russkiy mir ( not sure if i spelled that right ) . 
  what i was trying to ask was is this perfectly normal , or am i projecting a stereotype that this is a russian power grab that the other countries would try to resist . 
  i get that . 
  my point is there is a huge misperception i see from people abroad . 
  you are totally wrong about what you said . 
  when it comes to news , we have a megaphone and every one else can only whisper . 
  the divergence between perception and realty is ridiculous . 
  you think someone is fucked after unemployment runs out ? 
  you never mentioned welfare , food stamps , housing , and medicare . 
  i know people that have n't worked one year in twenty years and live in houses and drive cars . 
  you did n't think that was possible did you ? 
  that 's my point , how if does a murder in belgium make international news ? 
  never . 
  yet it happens more than enough here . 
  plus , everything about my culture is broadcasted all around the globe . 
  think of how many people have misconceptions about my country because of the movies they 've seen . 
  that happems with no other country . 
  the entire world does n't have misconceptions about the netherlands because every one is watching their movies all the time . 
  that 's what i am talking about . 
  we are over exposed to the world , and every other country is under exposed . 
  that 's not a good thing . 
  whoever chose the headline for that interview chose poorly . 
  that was a very interesting interview that covered a wide range of topics from thefrance 's economy , to it 's role in mali and a greater common european defense policy , to europe 's future with the us and china . 
  i think i also understand france 's posistion with the cultural exception in the upcoming free trade agreement talks . 
  i did n't think that was possible . 
  '' * always looking on the bright side of life !, 
  * '' - your even newer natoinal motto . 
  there really was n't that widespread feeling about france . 
  it kind of existed in the background , but that silly little war brought out the worst in us . 
  when i first saw `` grass carpet '' i thought he meant astroturf . 
  either way , i like the words grass carpet more than either sod or astroturf . 
  i kinda wish i could have a grass carpet in my house . 
  i agree that the french should have probably should have investigated the area on their own and subsequently come to their own conclusions as to whether the area was safe or not . 
  but i think the point the author was trying to make was the odious situation the italians had going on . 
  one death in one year , and the french see ten times that in one engagement ? 
  either the italians are just irresistably charming to the point where the taliban could n't bring themselves to fire on such handsome devils , or there was something a little more sketchy going on . 
  the taliban must have seen too many godfather movies . 
  they probably did n't want to find themselves wearing a pair of concrete boots and getting tossed in the nearest lake . 
  or wake up in the trunk of car on their way to taking a looong dirt nap . 
  although the way the taliban was getting paid to not attack the italians ( if that was true ) , it kind of seems like they were acting more like the mafia then the italians were . 
  maybe they learned a thing or two from those movies . 
  i think they 're tired from spending the last thousand years staring at statues of their former glory . 
  it must be exhausting having to constantly remind yourself ( and others ) `` remember how awesome we used to be ? '', 
  yeah . 
  and we all have shitty lawns made out of sod !, 
  i hate that stereotype !, 
  why wo n't it die ?!, 
  that was a fascinating article . 
  thanks for posting it . 
  i now know who the true cowards are :  another foreign military , the italian army , was widely believed to have paid the taliban not to attack them . 
  the french were furious about that , with good reason . 
  in 2008 french paratroopers took over an area of operations from the italians . 
  the italians had suffered only one death during the previous year in that ao , and assessed the area as low-risk . 
  the french accepted that assessment , and sent one of their first patrols into the area with light weapons and only 100 rounds each , their then-standard combat load . 
   the patrol was ambushed . 
  one group of ten troops was separated , pinned down , surrounded and wiped out to the last man . 
  despite what the italians reported , taliban forces were extremely strong in that area . 
  but they rarely attacked the italians , just as iraqi insurgents rarely attacked italians around nasiriyah when i was at tallil in 2005 . 
  gee , i wonder why . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i guess i can forget those plans of becoming a theiving gypsy if all my other plans in life fall through . 
   she/he would probably be cast out of the family forever and you would be his/hers only family left , so , big commitment . 
  really ? 
  i take it no gypsies accept outsiders into their family . 
  since you said you grew up next to gypsies , i have a few questions . 
  can anyone become a gypsy ? 
  i mean , can you convert to a gypsy ? 
  do they have their own religion or anything ? 
  what would happen if you tried to marry a gypsy ( not a gypsy that has left that lifestyle behind and is now a normal part of society , i am talking about real gypsies ) . 
  would your friends/family judge you if you married a gypsy girl ? 
  would you be able to be a part of the gypsy family , or do you have to be born a gypsy ? 
  is it normal for a non-gypsy to have a relationship with a gypsy , or is that unheard of ? 
  i really do n't know what to say about this comment . 
  it kind of came out of nowhere . 
  where are you from ? 
  i usually do n't see someone make such brash and arrogant comments in reply to someone saying `` i wish my country 's news did n't become world news all the time '' . 
  `` to be fair , your welfare system is pretty brutal . 
  you lose your job and if you do n't find another one in 2 years you 're effectively dead . '', 
  lol . 
  tell that to my uncle , one of my cousins , and a good friend of mine . 
  no job in years , and mooching off the system to this day .
