  how similar are your cultures ? 
  that is a big issue between these refugees and europeans since so many of them are muslims . 
  turkey is mostly muslim too . 
  so are they pretty similar ? 
  or are there pretty big differences between arabs and turks ? 
  ( there are lots of africans moving to europe too , but i am gon na assume africans are just as foreign to you guys as they are to europe , so for this conversation i am omitting africans from this and just focusing on the refugees from syria/iraq . ), 
  can you tell me how the average turk feels about this refugee/illegal immigration issue ? 
  are they more compassionate or do turks also wan na kick these people out of the country ? 
  so what happens to them ? 
  are they just stuck one some greek island or something ? 
  how do the locals feel about this ? 
  well thanks for the snarky attitude . 
  you may not care , but other people do . 
  you should n't simply dismiss those people just because their views do n't align with yours . 
  there is also a difference for change to happen organically and naturally , and forcing change upon people and calling them names like `` racist '' or `` bigot '' if the people do not appreciate sudden , drastic change being forced upon them . 
   i 'm proud of what sweden is , and like any culture , ** it has to change . 
  ** why ? 
   no , people on this forum often gets downvoted for not following the racist narrative . 
  you 're getting down voted because of the way you have framed the debate . 
  you are asserting that everyone who disagrees with you is following a `` racist narrative '' . 
  do you understand how dishonest that is ? 
  fuck man , you 're the reason we ca n't have nice things . 
  everyone who disagrees with you is racist . 
  how convenient for you . 
   do you have any example of somebody being called racist that was n't inherently racist ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hn6j5/antiimmigration_party_swedish_democrats_biggest/cu90i1o ) you go . 
  this comment has nearly 100 upvotes and says `` downvotes are a fantastic way of silencing non-racists and non-populists '' essentially , anyone who down votes me is a racist . 
  he literally framed his comment so that him , and people who think like him , are `` non-racists and non-populists '' , and all who disagree with him are inherently racist . 
   it 's hard to argue why you have the rights to the benefits of your own country just because you were born there without excluding outsiders on what they would call arbitrary grounds . 
  it 's not hard at all actually . 
  it 's really simple . 
  you were born there , they were not . 
  i feel bad for you man . 
  i ca n't imagine what it 's like helplessly pleading with fellow germans to prevent the death of your own people , and they not only disparage you but also seem to embrace the idea of radically changing the religious/cultural/ethnic complexion of your land in a single generation ... a land your people have lived in and fought for since roman times . 
  it 's enough to make a grown man weep . 
  so many of the comments in these threads are just sad . 
  i ca n't believe europe would just capitulate like this just for the sake of appearing progressive . 
  so senseless ... 
  real wages have also frozen in germany for the better part of a decade . 
  if a fellow german was concerned that this could perpetuate or exacerbate the situation due to an influx of low skilled labour , it would n't be fair to dismiss his concerns or insinuate that they are racist . 
  your job might not be threatened , but someone else 's could be . 
  also , anyone who would lose out economically because of refugees probably already lives in a poor neighborhood . 
  cramming refugees next to these people might not be the smartest idea . 
  there 's a lot of nuance and difficult policy that has to be considered to figure out where to put refugees , how you find the resources for them , how they are integrated etc. . . in order for settling masses of people successfully in your country . 
  all of this needs to be up for debate because the stakes are very high . 
  quickly labeling anyone who criticises the government 's handling of this crisis ( from letting them in at all to how they are settled ) as racist is a disservice to everyone . 
  i think if you sat down a bunch of religious people and atheists , they would be saying roughly the same thing to each other , but would spend their time arguing talking * past * each other . 
  i spent ten years of my life as a devout atheist , and recently converted to catholicism . 
  i can tell you that humbleness and humility in our place in the cosmos is absolutely a central theme of that faith , and is something talked about over and over again . 
  in fact , few of my overarching views have changed at all . 
  it 's basically like viewing the world through a different perspective . 
  like different people looking at the same statue , but from different angles . 
  so that atheists and religious people are often talking about the same thing , just in different ways . 
  i do n't think either side is right or wrong . 
  but i do get annoyed at the self righteousness displayed by either side . 
  for what its worth , i have spent quite a bit of time defending atheists to my religious friends even though i myself am religious now . 
  i really understand both perspectives well . 
  i just wish people would quit being assholes to each other for having the audacity of having a different worldview . 
   not quite . 
  religion is a tool to manipulate , abuse , and control the most vulnerable elements of a population . 
  this is a very marxist view of religion , ( ie . 
  religion is the opiate of the masses ) religion in practice uplifts the most impoverished , provides a moral framework , and a healthy community for them to associate with . 
   the apparent charity is just a tool to get the vulnerable under the control of the religious elites , as it ties their subsistence with the elite 's political goals . 
  this is nonsense . 
   even marxists warned the role that religion played in controlling the most vulnerable in society [ 1 ] , as i thought , you 're basically ripping off karl marx and assuming he is the salient authority on religion . 
  there are only elements of truth in what you are saying . 
  most of it could n't be more wrong though . 
  so that means no refugees , since virtually all of them adhere to some sort of faith . 
  yeah that guy is pretty spot on . 
  the ignorance , self righteousness , and sense of superiority flows both ways between those who are religious and those who are not . 
  neither side is better than the other . 
   you know far my ignorant atheists than religious people , that 's because you live in usa . 
  oh please . 
  spare me . 
  there is a pretty consistent theme across most atheists . 
  they are so quick to draw a line in the sand and say anyone on the other side is inherently ignorant because of their petty beliefs in `` sky fairies '' or whatever bullshit they say . 
  does n't matter what continent you are on , atheists are very quick to celebrate themselves as `` enlightened '' and all that bullshit . 
  here is why atheists in my opinion are ignorant . 
  they think they are so open minded because of their lack of belief in god . 
  i did too , until i realized i was actually very close minded by i assigned no value to people 's religious beliefs . 
  most atheists do the same . 
  it really was n't until i started exploring faith again that realized how much religion had to offer . 
  how much fulfillment and purpose in life can be attained through religion that atheism just can not match . 
  and i have never met an atheist that does believe religion offers something that atheism does not . 
  so when i see atheists proudly and loudly proclaim how superior they are , and how religion has nothing to offer and should be abolished , i immediately spot an incredible , and deep seeded ignorance . 
  it does n't matter if you 're from denmark or not . 
  if you think faith has no value , as most atheists do , there is no nice way to say this . 
  you are ignorant . 
  are you guys multiplying or something ? 
  lol . 
  found the 12 year old, 
  i am talking notably about russia and china of course . 
  and as far as i am concerned , i know far more igorant atheists than i do religious people . 
  once again , there was a reason i refused to call myself atheist , and it was because of people exactly like you . 
  you do your cause far more harm then good by displaying your petulant attitude towards everyone who does n't hold your precise world view . 
  you 're the gift that keeps on giving . 
  it is precisely people like you that made it impossible for me to identify as an atheist , because i could not associate myself with the profound ignorance you are spouting . 
  and being as super intelligent and enlightened as you are , surely you know how prosperous countries were that imposed atheism on its people , right ? 
  this comment looks like something i would see on / r/justneckbeard things . 
  ha ha , you 're like a living , breathing cliche,
