  good point , although that seems more like an political/diplomatic arrangement as opposed to just letting a bunch of terrorists back into your country . 
  also , just because the us has done stupid stuff regarding asylum in the past , does n't mean other countries should follow suit . 
   read the article . 
  people are suspected i did . 
  it says `` the swedish authorities have uncovered their real identities after thorough investigations . '', 
  it does n't seem like there is anything `` not proven '' about them . 
   asylum expert magnus bengtsson noted that although war crimes suspects who seek asylum come to sweden using false identities , the swedish authorities have uncovered their real identities after thorough investigations . 
  he pointed out that the people in question have not been sent back to their country because they risk getting killed or tortured , and `` some '' have been given temporary residence permits . 
   in a related matter , swedish state television has claimed that hospitals in sweden have treated 301 citizens who were injured in syria and iraq after joining the ranks of al-nusra front and daesh . 
  sweden has become a parody at this point . 
  why would you let this happen to your country ? 
  someone 's bitter . 
  have you had your nap today ? 
  the [ dolmabahce palace ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dolmabah%c3%a7e_palace ) is '' on the european coastline of the bosphorus strait '' this is an attack that took place on the continent of europe . 
  how does this not have anything to do with europe ? 
  hell , your country is an island that is not even off the coast of europe , but instead is off the coast of another island . 
  turkey has more claim to be in europe than your country does . 
  it actually resides on the continent . 
  or is eu membership the only way to determine what is european , and what is n't ? 
  there are few fences on the mexican border and none at the canadian border . 
  most of america 's borders are wide open . 
  and we hardly throw `` everyone back '' . 
  we have well over ten million illegals here , and just a generation ago ten million illegals were granted amnesty . 
  how the hell is `` build the fences . 
  throw everyone back '' the american style ? 
  that 's pretty much the exact opposite of ` murica style . 
  well the origins and circumstances of each person can be very different . 
  they could either be coming from refugee camps , or fleeing directly from iraq , afghanistan , and syria . 
  i do n't really know , and neither do you ( or any of us ) . 
  so we 're all just sitting around speculating here , dug in on our different sides . 
  so , you know where i stand , i know where you stand . 
  there are several million refugess from the middle east , each one of them with a decent claim to asylum . 
  what do you propose europe should do in this situation ? 
  i 'm not attacking you here , just genuinely asking . 
  if you asked me what europe should do , i would simply say `` i have no fucking idea , this situation is incredibly complex '' . 
  life `` not being easy '' is not , and has never been a reason to claim asylum in another country . 
  imminent genocide is a reason . 
  `` my life is tough '' is not . 
  otherwise , about 5 billion people on the planet would be eligible to come to europe . 
  if the rest of the family can take care of the daughter , then what 's the problem with where they are at ? 
  why do they need to leave if they can take care of themselves ? 
  and dangerous ... 
  ok . was n't sure if you were aware of the differences . 
  and yeah , an american getting arrested in a foreign country is n't exactly uncommon . 
  and the us is n't going to get into a diplomatic fight with a foreign country because they arrested a soldier who punched a hooker or something . 
  as far as i know , most us soldiers in foreign jails totally deserve to be in those jails . 
  you say that nato would protect estonia , but what makes you think nato * could * protect estonia ? 
  you 're country would be overrun in days . 
  you border russia , belarus , the baltic sea , and kaliningrad means supplies and reinforcements would be nearly impossible to move into estonia . 
  your country is fucked by geography , and not even nato can change geography . 
  he was also arrested in mexico so it 's a little difference . 
  his base was in san diego , which sits directly on the border with mexico . 
  on the other side of that border is tijuana , an infamous mexican city known basically for drugs , booze , prostitution , and donkey shows . 
  you do n't visit tijuana to tour it 's beautiful churches . 
  you visit tijuana to do things you would never do in america . 
  and for a young , macho soldier , tijuana can be a paradise of decadence . 
  it 's very easy to get arrested there . 
  as far as i know , the marines strongly encourage soldiers never to go there , and basically say if you fuck up there , you 're on your own . 
  wow . 
  how is that bullshit tolerated . 
  wow . 
  that second article is fascinating . 
  i imagine if the findings of it were more widespread , people would start to get * really * nervous about the future . 
   a fascinating report from senegal in the wall street journal found that the country 's increasing prosperity is not encouraging people to stay at home , it is enabling more of them leave . 
   one of the more intriguing nuggets about the africa emigration story is that far from fleeing poverty , migrants out of the continent are likely to be relatively well off , and are rarely from the most destitute families . 
  this basically cements peoples ' suspicion that many of these illegal immigrants are illegal economic migrants and not refugees ( well at least the ones from africa ) . 
  also , this puts policy makers in a disastrous situation . 
  the only solution to this mess that i have ever heard proposed was improving the conditions in africa . 
  but what if improving conditions there means even more can afford to come ? 
  this is really an intractable situation . 
  ahh ... the ol' `` everyone who disagrees with me is a racist '' argument . 
  i see how you guys never tire of wearing that out . 
  what does `` racist '' even mean anymore , because i certainly do n't know . 
  so to you , the problem is not the never ending stream of refugees ... it 's the people who are against this never ending stream that are `` way scarier '' ? 
  fortunately , the way you see the world is very wrong indeed . 
   the united states wanted to get rid off gaddafi so all those protesters , and all those people murdered by his regime had no part to play in gaddafi getting taken down ? 
  also , why blame this all on the us ? 
  european countries pretty much lead the initiative on this one . 
  in fact , the us was criticized for `` leading from behind '' when it came to libya , and being too hands off on this issue . 
   it \u00b4 s because the want to get rid of assad and so did millions of syrians . 
  once again , this is n't a us vs. random middle eastern country . 
  the us has its interests in syria , but so do the people of syria , and so do dozens of other countries ranging from the europe to russia , israel , saudi arabia , iran etc. . . 
  your view is far too simple and convenient . 
   the \u00b4 ve helped set the continent on fire with the effects we see now . 
  those continents have been on fire long before anyone heard of the word `` america '' . 
  do you think history started somewhere around the time of your birth ? 
  what does capital punishment in the us have anything to do with / u/jamieusa 's comment about how kidnappers often kill their captives first and then run off with the ransom money ? 
  alright , you know your country ( presuming you are german ) better than i do , so i kinda have to defer to you on this one . 
  but i still do n't think any country in the world can handle unlimited unskilled immigration . 
  perhaps under a certain threshold sure ... but arguing about what percentage is appropriate is a whole different conversation and one i do n't know enough about to engage in a debate about . 
   germany is a multicultural society that has long adapted you mean 1-2 generations ? 
  are you talking about educated immigrants from other parts of europe , or third world refugees who do not speak the language and are culturally alien from the countries they seek refuge in ? 
  these are two totally different groups of `` immigrants '' , and equating them is disingenuous . 
  you 're right , they do not appear in one day . 
  but they appear in a very short time span . 
  even a year is not really enough time to successfully process and accommodate the 650,000 immigrants expected in germany according to this article . 
  point is , it might be easy to speculate how simple it is to absorb these immigrants . 
  but if you were involved in the government , coming up with the cash , expanding the size of classrooms and finding/training more teachers , constructing new apartments etc. . . all those things take time and money . 
  that 's also totally ignoring whether or not the immigrants themselves can be assimilated in that short of a time span . 
  point is , this is no trivial task and should not be dismissed as one .
