  oh shit ... i guess i did n't know . 
  afterall , i was born here so my immigration consisted of going through my mother 's birth canal . 
  well i have distinct memories of a church i belonged to when i was younger providing either free or heavily subsidised food . 
  my step mom and some of my aunts went to get meat , bread , fruits and vegetables when we had a really tough year . 
  but i can not speak of anything beyond that . 
  i just assumed it was that way everywhere . 
  apparently , i assumed incorrectly . 
  sounds like some countries are going backwards though ... maybe that gap is getting bigger in some places in europe . 
  but you are right , the differences in europe are staggering . 
  it 's hard for me to imagine being able to travel a days drive to another country on the same continent and have it be so different ( although it really should n't be much of a surprise to me , since i have been to mexico many , many times ... but that feels different somehow ) . 
  oh trust me , i am grateful . 
  i guess i think those visas are easy to get since i know and work with so many immigrants . 
  i guess they are the lucky ones . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i thought churches were always there to provide food for the needy ... like that 's supposed to be their primary function . 
  it sounds like greeks are getting fucked by every institution that should exist to help them . 
  no wonder there is such a widespread sense of hopelessness . 
  my god ... i ca n't imagine what it 's like being a parent and sending your child to school with no food . 
  that 's heart breaking . 
  there has to be some entity that provides food for the poor . 
  what about the churches ? 
  can they help at all ? 
  i 'm definitely going to bulgaria as soon as i can . 
  damn ... you 're too young to be feeling so hopeless . 
  maybe when you 're done with school the situation will have improved . 
  no one should have to feel desperate right when they are beginning their adult life . 
  those should be your best years . 
  i need to go to bulgaria . 
  i 've heard the women are beautiful too . 
  yeah that 's the impression that i got . 
  `` europe '' rarely seems to include the balkan peninsula , the baltics , belarus , ukraine etc. . . 
  it 's kinda misleading when those parts of europe are left out . 
  they form a large portion of europe 's land area and population . 
  umm ... are visas even that hard to get ? 
  i kinda thought they gave one to everyone who was remotely qualified . 
  ok that 's what i figured . 
  no one is going on vacation on the other side of the world for a month , but no one is starving either . 
  on a side note :  health and education is not like in the usa , so it 's not like poor are left behind . 
  the poor here get free healthcare and free education . 
  college would mostly be free to due to generous grants . 
  that 's how i got money during college . 
  there 's a lot of misconception about their being no safety net here , which is not true at all ... but that 's a debate for another time . 
  also , if i were to go to bulgaria for a week or two , would $ 1000 spending cash be quite a bit there ? 
  could i basically do whatever i want with that much money , or would it go pretty quickly ? 
  so are you implying that geography mostly effects transportation of crops as opposed to actually growing crops ? 
  actually , i would love to visit romania . 
  from what pictures i have seen of the carpathian mountains , it looks beautiful . 
  and after reading [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/balkan-ghosts-journey-through-history/dp/0312424930 ) book , i really want to see the painted monastaries of romania that the author talked so much about . 
  so basically it is simply impossible for greece to be self sufficient in food then . 
  it does n't sound like there is enough area to even be self sufficient in one crop , let alone several ( like corn , potatoes , tomatoes , wheat , beans etc. . . ) . 
  wow ... if greece leaves the euro , there could possibly be food shortages . 
  that 's really worrying . 
  shit man ... good luck . 
  i hope things continue getting better over there . 
  how are salaries so low there ? 
  these may seem like stupid questions to you , but i am not used to seeing `` europe '' and `` poor '' in the same sentence . 
  so learning about these salaries in eastern europe/balkan peninsula is kind of mind blowing to me . 
  kansas city was a decent choice to compare , since it 's a medium sized city ... neither very expensive nor cheap ... 
  i am curious to know why shoes/clothing are more expensive in greece though , when everything else seems cheaper . 
  and that last line ( average monthly disposable salary ) ... wow . 
  the disparity is huge . 
   you have to remember that prices here are way smaller than in the us . 
  rent in nyc , boston , sf and other big cities are 10 times higher than rents in bigger cities in romania . 
  true ... but i was making that kind of money in a small town in arizona of about 20,000 people . 
  the cost of living was a fraction of the cities you listed . 
  but your broader point still stands . 
  the little town i grew up in was probably still more expensive than romania . 
  that 's just sad ... no wonder so many people move . 
  i guess on the bright side , it brings family together . 
  damn that 's crazy . 
  it 's just hard for me to imagine people in europe being `` poor '' . 
  i mean , i 've seen a number of comments in this sub over the years saying that the poorest person in europe is better off than a lot of people in the us , i guess you just start to believe it after a while . 
  not to be rude or anything , but i made much more than $ 400/month as a 16 year old working part time at mcdonald 's over ten years ago . 
  those salary levels seem surreal , it 's just hard to comprehend people in europe ( basically the wealthiest continent in the world ) making such little money . 
   however in my city the average wage is 300-350 usd . 
  well what 's the cost of living like there ? 
  is that still enough to live a comfortable life ? 
  well to be fair to my american compatriot who made that comment , the salaries we are seeing here that greeks and romanians get are so incredibly low that they are almost unbelievable ... it 's hard to fathom 800euros/month as being high , so i guess we can only assume that the cost of living there is incredibly low . 
  how much are average monthly salaries in latvia ? 
  sorry if this is a stupid question , but what kind of quality of life can $ 400/month get you in romania ? 
  is that barely enough to afford food , rent , and utilities ? 
  or is that enough for extra money too like vacations , a car , a new tv etc. . . 
  is greece large enough to be self sufficient for their food ? 
  i was under the impression that greece was very rocky and mountainous , had poor soil , and was n't nearly large enough to have the required amount of farm land to be self sufficient . 
  how do people live off of that ? 
  those salaries would be like getting famine rations where i live . 
  i seriously thought you were going to say that 800eur/month was a very low estimate since people might be getting paid under the table or something . 
  300euro/month seems scandalously low . 
  ha ha . 
  you knew what i was talking about . 
  that 's just funny to me . 
  i would n't expect any american movie to be required watching outside of the us . 
  hell , i often forget you guys even watch our movies in the first place . 
  i think i need to travel abroad more and get out of my bubble . 
  was that movie actually popular with greeks ? 
  i saw it when it came out and did n't think much of it . 
  i figured you guys only cared about 300 . 
   and yes , the vatican 's stance on condoms is the cause of untold misery . 
  deal with it . 
  even in african countries that are n't christian ?
