  it 's purely a left wing thing in the us . 
  liberals here make their money off of manufacturing victims that they claim to be saviors for . 
  so in order to rationalize their own existence , they must constantly make these `` victims '' feel as if they are offended so they can proceed to call people racists , bigots , xenophobes etc. . . 
  without a victim class , these people would have no reason to exist . 
  hence , why they prioritize establishing as many different `` out groups '' as possible . 
  if you do n't have this in your culture , then take a minute out of your life to reflect upon this and be grateful . 
  the only purpose it serves is to perpetuate division and immobilize discourse , since certain topics are basically off limits now because even mentioning them will offend someone . 
  and we would n't want to offend someone ( apparently now a crime of the highest order ) , would we ? 
  world famous celebrities are hardly known for their humility . 
  i 'm not defending his douchey-ness , just pointing out that it 's not really a surprise that he is one . 
  you know there 's a saying `` never meet your heroes '' and it 's because of this . 
  the people you idolize are often self absorbed assholes . 
  now i 'm even more suspicious . 
  is n't that exactly what a sneaky pole would want me to believe ? 
  why are you being such an asshole ? 
  i wan na see this happen simply because that imperium europe sounds so awesome . 
  thanks asshole . 
  i actually did read the article . 
  my comment was n't entirely serious . 
  but thanks for calling me a `` stupid yank '' though !, 
  stop . 
  you 're scaring me :(, 
   `` unfortunately , poland is the new russia -- just as unpredictable and almost as dangerous due to its current economic and social policy , '' maciulis told a news conference on january 26 , 2016 . 
  i was unaware poland had vast stock piles of nuclear weapons , and had one of the largest and most sophisticated militarizes in the world and was willing to use it on smaller neighbors . 
  nor was i aware of the fact that poland has vast energy supplies , and uses the supply of said energy as leverage to manipulate countries . 
  the guy you are talking to is n't spewing comments that only trump supporters make . 
  he 's articulating a view the vast majority of americans share . 
  his opinion is n't considered radical here . 
  it 's considered common sense . 
  nice try attempting to paint him as crazy though . 
  he 's perfectly right though . 
  if your government ca n't protect you , then it should at least allow you to protect yourself . 
  that might be crazy to you , but it 's not at all . 
  it 's entirely reasonable, 
  what is the difference ? 
  i just googled a little bit since i do n't know much about this stuff and i found this :  pepper spray is scientifically known as oleoresin capsicum ( oc ) [ source ] ( http://modelmugging.org/pepper-spray ) this seems to imply that common pepper spray is oc . 
   if pepper spray was legal , people would abuse it . 
  pepper spray is legal in many countries and it is n't abused . 
  that 's a terrible argument . 
  i know plenty of women that have pepper spray ( in fact , almost every female i know carries it with her in her purse ) . 
  it does n't get abused . 
  and even if some asshole randomly pepper sprays someone , that does n't mean it should be illegal for everyone . 
  just fine/jail the assholes that abuse it . 
  i think the `` more dangerous '' part is the entire point . 
  one should n't be concerned about whether or not a rapist is in too much pain , especially considering i doubt a rapist is concerned about a victim 's pain , but i digress . 
  i 'm also wondering how a teenage girl even gets pepper spray if it is illegal in her country ... 
  either way , any country that bans pepper spray should be ashamed of themselves and immediately prioritize it 's legalization, 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're trolling because this is the dumbest comment i 've read in a while . 
  the very article associated with this thread is about a situation where a girl used pepper spray on an attacker and she stopped him from raping her . 
  i do n't even have to start googling articles to prove you wrong since this very article we are discussing proves you wrong . 
  ummm ... 
  it 's also easy to abuse just about anything that could be used in self defense . 
  and i have n't heard much of random pepper spray attacks . 
  i mean i guess it happens , but it 's absolutely absurd to ban it . 
  it 's way to level the playing field for women . 
  without pepper spray , a woman is basically defenseless . 
  your previous comment was n't exactly clear and made it look like you thought punishing murderers served no purpose . 
  hence why i was very flabbergasted at your comment . 
  ummm ... 
  there should be a penalty for fucking murdering someone ? 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's for you to decide . 
  you can be proud of anything you want , does n't mean other people wo n't object to it . 
  that 's basically the theme of this entire thread . 
   and it is still felt today . 
  in almost universally positive ways . 
  fair enough . 
  and i do see your point of view . 
  we simply have different points of view and that 's ok . and thanks for keeping it civil . 
  issues like these are always acrimonious . 
  agreed about the natives being crushed . 
  however , in their place grew fully functional and exceptionally prosperous nations , among the highest standards of living in human history . 
  how would one even begin weigh whether that was a net good or bad thing ? 
  i struggle with the opposite . 
  how people can be baffled by finding pride in the achievement of others . 
  i was proud when my little sister finished her master 's degree before i did when i always though she would never finish college . 
  is that strange that i would be proud of her achievements ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and i am also proud of the achievements of my father , and he is of his father , and by extension continuity is established through the past . 
  if we are n't supposed to be proud or ashamed of our past , then what emotions should we ascribe to the achievements of our forefathers ? 
  nothing ? 
  no thanks . 
  i can , and will continue to be proud of my country 's achievements , just like anyone else can . 
  and you know what ? 
  we owe nobody an explanation . 
  we do n't need to justify this sense of pride either . 
  you may not be , but many people are proud of their ancestors and that 's all there is to it . 
  it 's pretty easy to find stuff to be proud of . 
  just consider this : i have been to india , australia , canada , and the uk . 
  i was able to speak a single language and get by perfectly in places as far flung as the arabian sea to the blue mountains of australia . 
  three different continent , all united by a common language . 
  my country spans a continent as well . 
  it 's people and it 's philosophical axioms that drive my nation are inextricably british . 
  standing in london and perusing it 's museums and iconic buildings drives home that you are quite literally , standing in the eden of the modern world . 
  the genesis of today . 
  the place that knitted together most of the planet in a way never done before , or since after . 
  and this uniting of the planet was done with masts and maps , no gps or really anything else that would be considered modern technology . 
  of course in the struggles of one person over another , people will get trampled underfoot . 
  but many more can , and indeed have , prospered as a result of the empire . 
  finding negatives in historical events should n't preclude you from acknowledging the overwhelming positives either .
