  the only thing they would be good for is providing large amounts of cash , and maybe some airforce bases . 
  i 'm not sure they would be willing to dish out the cash , and i am not sure if any military bases in those nations would be strategic enough to justify their presence in nato . 
  and i am definitely against more border states joining . 
  that is simply too antagonistic . 
  maybe if there were 40 million finns , but there are only 5 million . 
  it 's just not worth the risk . 
  why ? 
  thanks for elaborating . 
  i was kinda confused what you are talking about at first . 
  also , are you certain that the surveillance equipment is on the military bases ? 
  i would n't be surprised at all if that was the case , but last i saw , the main surveillance center in germany is in the us embassy itself . 
  curious question , what constitutional rights are us soldiers violating in germany ? 
   because i think that the russians think that we 'd never actually launch a nuclear first strike and therefore our nukes do not deter them from conventional aggression . 
  this is a very likely scenario that the idealists in this thread fail to grasp . 
   the main deterrent of nato is the combined nuclear arsenal of its member states , as well as its collective conventional forces . 
  except the combined nuclear arsenal rests only in the hands of three nations , and so too does the collective conventional forces . 
  outside of france , the uk , and the us , all the other nations add relatively little . 
   the more nato expands , the less military action russia can take , because its nuclear umbrella expands to those countries as well . 
  except there probably would n't be any nukes used . 
  so the more nato expands , the more it is stretched . 
  adding the militaries of the nordic nations hardly adds any capabilities to nato 's conventional forces . 
  adding a few boats , a dozen jets , and a few thousand soldiers does not compensate for the fact the current forces are now obligated to defend even more nations . 
  nations that are already averse to spending anything on their own defenses , and sees military spending as a waste that only foolish nations do . 
   the real reason nato ca n't be taken seriously is because many of its european members , including germany , italy etc. 
  are dependent on russian energy imports , such as oil and natural gas . 
  that 's why they are n't really taking any action against russia right now in regards to the ukraine crisis . 
  i agree that this is a significant part of it , but nobody should assume nato can defend the border nations . 
  nuclear weapons not withstanding , a conventional war means those nations are swallowed and destroyed in the first week . 
  that can not be argued . 
  it 's simply geography . 
  the reality is , nato can not indefinitely expand . 
  all the major powers are already in nato . 
  the other contenders are tiny and incapable of contributing anything . 
  how are small nations supposed to contribute ? 
  here 's are our one rusty tank ? 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't think this is a good idea . 
  the populations of those nations are too low to contribute meaningfully in any way . 
  how do we guarantee that they will contribute and not simply have a parasitic relationship like the majority of nato members ? 
  is it a good idea to be adding countries to an alliance when most members of that alliance are already freeloading ? 
  is it a good idea to add countries ( such as finland ) that border russia , and simultaneously contribute relatively little ? 
  i know its harsh but potential member countries should be admitted based on a cost/benefit or asset/liability basis . 
  for instance , baltic nations should never have been admitted . 
  not only do they lie on the border of russia , meaning there is no way to guarantee their defense , they are also incapable of providing anything meaningful towards the alliance . 
  these are straight up liabilities . 
  all border states of russia should be mutually agreed upon buffer states . 
  sorry , but between finland , latvia , lithuania , and estonia , there are less than 13 million people in those countries combined . 
  that 's under half the population of california . 
  how are we supposed to protect those countries ? 
  is it worth risking a war over such a small population ? 
  is it worth worsening our relationship with russia over a handful small border states ? 
  if nato is to be taken seriously , it needs to stop adding liability nations . 
  norway and sweden are less liabilities than the aforementioned border states , but who is to say they will be considered assets ? 
  there are already a number of wealthy european nations who contribute little , and expect everything . 
  how do we know these countries will be any different ? 
  edit : i do n't usually do this , but can someone explain why i am being down voted ? 
  i am merely suggesting that nato takes a more careful look at who it lets in , and i am using historical precedence to back up my opinion . 
  what is so wrong about being careful in regards to new member states ? 
  is this any different than the questions that come up with respect to eu expansion ? 
  i used arguments i see you europeans use when discussing eu/ez expansion . 
  how is nato expansion any different ? 
  milking the tax payer with your fancy organic yogurts i see ... tsk tsk . 
  just kidding , i got grants and scholarships as well , much of that money went to alcohol and weed ( and rent , utilities etc. . . :d ) . 
  but yeah , living on campus is expensive . 
  i naively thought living on campus would be cheap since they assumed everyone was a poor college student ... boy was i wrong . 
  well that fucking sucks ... 
  i did n't hate the dorms , i just loved living off campus sooooo much more . 
  yes . 
  all of those parties are very real . 
  they just happen after you move out of the dorms and into a house/apartment off campus ... those movies also never show the other side of college life . 
  i guess studying in a library until 2 am is n't exciting enough for the movies . 
  college life certainly is n't all fun and games , although that 's a big part of it . 
  my favorite times were the pre-parties and after parties surrounding football games . 
  i 'm not sure if you can relate , but college football games are some of the most fun times to be had . 
  there 's really nothing like it . 
  it 's way different in the us . 
  almost all students stay in dorms their freshman year , regardless of income . 
  it is not mandatory at all , but almost everyone does it just for the experience ( even if the experience is kinda crappy ) . 
  when i went to college ( between 2005-2009 ) dorms were around $ 2000/semester . 
  this prices varied quite a bit between dorms though , as some were older and shittier and some were new and quite nice ( so probably figure plus or minus $ 500/semester either way ) . 
   bonus2 : some universities , own hotels and they offer some of the rooms to students . 
  mine did something similar . 
  i actually do n't think this is common , but mine rented out a nearby apartment complex to offer students in lieu of dorms . 
  i stayed at one . 
  it kicked ass . 
  while all my friends were stuck in tiny dorms , i had a 2 bedroom , 2 bathroom apartment with a kitchen and living room and it was still considered a dorm . 
  i ca n't remember how much that cost ( i think it was $ 2000/semester , that 's where i got that number from in the first place ) . 
   there used to be much better but it keeps getting worse since crisis.before or after last summer , it was said that there wont be any free food and some time the residents must pay rent . 
  well if that 's the worst that can happen then that 's not too bad . 
  in the us , food is n't even considered to be included , and the rent is basically just as expensive as living in an apartment ( maybe a little cheaper ) . 
  the electricity , water , wifi etc. . . is all free , but there is no way you are getting free food . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  if you go to uni in greece , and you live in a dorm , your rent is free ? 
  okay , so its safe to say these dorms are not at all typical for other countries with similar levels of money . 
  well , if i was in macedonia , i would probably do whatever i could to get the hell out . 
  nobody should have to put up with those levels of filth and neglect . 
  there is also the fact that some weapons platforms can take years to decades to fully develop . 
  so if the us left , there would be both * time * and money as factors would lead to a decrease in capabilities ... at least for a while . 
  and i am not exactly sure european nations are prioritizing defense spending at all , even after the whole russia/ukraine issue . 
  but what do you care , your safe and sound on a tiny island no country would bother with  .
