  they seriously allow * this sort of stuff at games in austria ? 
  i ca n't believe no one approached them and at least asked them to remove the defaced israeli flag . 
  * to be honest , i 'm not sure if this is allowed or if no one approached them , but they seem to be sitting quite comfortably and confidently in that photo . 
  it 's called paying your respects . 
  it 's an old concept that seem entirely lost on large swathes of our generation . 
  god damn you 're a funny man . 
  same shit , different toilet . 
  but how would people stir up outrage over their own pet political causes if it was apolitical ? 
  well hello there mr. 
  dramatic . 
  i too watched the world cup . 
  does that mean i get my rocks off to brown people dying ? 
  calm your titties dude . 
  there were plenty of brazilians watching the games as well . 
  does that mean they do n't care if their own people die ? 
  they 're both forms of protecting a product . 
  i fail to see how one is better than the other . 
  do you feel the same way about gmo 's ? 
  a common european complaint about gmo 's is that seeds should n't be allowed to be patented even though tens of millions of dollars is spent specializing those seeds . 
  europeans seem to hate that form of protection , but not the kind mentioned in this article when they benefit . 
  why ? 
   why not a german or dutch production where the actors speak in english ? 
  they 'd get a far wider audience . 
  interesting idea . 
  but would those countries find a way to dismiss that idea as another affront to their culture because of the use of english ? 
  it seems like a tricky situation with no clear resolution . 
  yup . 
  europe was a continent of peace until their people watched rambo for the first time . 
  ever since , europe learned for the first time what violence was , and the whole continent descended into anarchy . 
  how more europeans will be killed by american movies until europe finally steps up its subsidies for its television industry ? 
   the one out this week shows that the share europe has in audiovisual service ( cinema , television , on-demand services , recorded music and video games ) is now just 12.5 per cent at the end of 2013 , compared to 17.1 per cent in 2009 . 
  the market share of content from the us rose from 57.7 per cent to 66.4 per cent . 
  jesus christ you guys watch a lot of american tv . 
  why ? 
   france , with its substantial subsidies for locally produced content , is still completely failing to halt the shift to us content -- with all that entails -- a drift to us moral codes and values , including its endemic gun culture . 
  ** europeans have no guns ** yes they do . 
  not as many as in the us , but that is just a blatant lie . 
   but our children go around pointing their finger and saying `` bang , bang '' all the time . 
  really ? 
  no child in europe ever pretended to play with guns before the insidious americans showed up ? 
  anyway , i agree with mikerust here , this is most likely due to multitude of languages spoken in europe , and english is understood by many in europe . 
  but is this such a big deal ? 
  people watch what they want to watch , and if other languages can not compete , then so be it . 
  no i did not . 
  thanks . 
  so what am i supposed to believe ? 
  the top current post on / r/europe reads `` france prepared to cancel warship sale to russia '' . 
  this article states france promises to sell the warships to russia . 
  how can both of these be true at the same time ? 
   president fran\u00e7ois hollande said on monday that france will go ahead with the supply of a helicopter assault ship to russia later this year but in an apparent concession to critics added that the delivery of a second vessel under the controversial $ 1.2 bn contract would depend on moscow 's attitude to the conflict in ukraine . 
  so they can get away with these linguistic gymnastics by selling only one of the two , and making the second sale dependent on russia 's `` attitude '' ? 
  what a joke . 
  just be honest and say you 're still moving forward with the sale instead of making a poor attempt at deception . 
  you do n't really now how things work in the us , do you ? 
  probably not . 
  that 's a lot of money to move somewhere with broadly similar standards of living unless you got an awesome job offer . 
  i would probably live there for a few years and feel it out , then go from there . 
  and i guess i would n't let the lack of a good job offer get in the way either . 
  what if you move to a country and you just really like the atmosphere , the weather , the scenery etc. . . ? 
  sometimes the simple things can matter the most . 
  i am not suggesting your argument is wrong , but a lot of people will not like what you are saying . 
  it is analogous to telling a women she was partly responsible for her own rape because she should n't have been walking home drunk from the bar at 2 am by herself . 
  perhaps the plane should n't have been flying over that part ukraine , and perhaps this situation could have been avoided if the plane took another route . 
  but they are not responsible for getting shot down . 
  the trigger happy dick head who pressed the button is solely responsible . 
  but i can definitely understand what you are trying to say . 
  i just have a hard time agreeing with it . 
  yeah . 
  i can be a jerk sometimes . 
  whoever is responsible , all i know is the malaysian government should not be involved in investigated the destruction of this plane . 
  i 'll have to endure another month of constant speculation on cnn . 
  obesity also does n't just appear overnight . 
  it takes years to become a severe problem . 
  there is ample time for an individual to realize their life choices are poor , and turn them around . 
  this is not the case for someone who injured their back on a construction site or something . 
  also , this just gives more credence to the argument that many people on disabilities are lazy parasites cheating the system . 
  whoever had the idea to consider morbid obesity a disability that employers need to accommodate is a total idiot . 
  as trucidator said in this thread , this may have cascading effects as employers reconsider hiring overweight people . 
  why would you hire someone who is overly obese if they can just play the disabilities card to get out of certain duties ? 
  i could also imagine employers being forced to pay for a gym membership or something as that may be considered part of a healthcare package that must be provided by the employer . 
  that too would be a terrible decision . 
  other people should not be forced to subsidize or accommodate individuals who find themselves in a bad situation because of poor life choices . 
  these are adults , and adults should be held accountable for their actions . 
  the idea of personal responsibility seems like an increasingly archaic notion . 
  i do n't like that development . 
  has poland been able to conduct its own investigation on the remnants of the plane yet , or are at the mercy of whatever russia 's investigation comes up with ? 
   polish politics are all about smole\u0144sk plane crash really ? 
  still ? 
  vigorous probably believes victoria nuland fired those shells . 
  i do n't think it would have been very different . 
  it does n't matter what the uniform on a person is , humans are humans . 
  and no human wants to die in a hopeless situation , of which almost nothing could be accomplished . 
  those easily could have been american soldiers handing those men and boys over if they were hopelessly outnumbered and outgunned , and did n't even have the mandate to defend those refugees . 
  those dutch soldiers were simply put in a miserable situation . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must be like to know you should defend people , but simply can not . 
  those guys will have a heavy conscious the rest of their lives , and that is enough of a burden to have to deal with . 
  imagine if you were witnessing systemic rape , and summary executions , and the only thing you could do is to put on headphones , close your eyes , and pretend like the horrors around you were not real , a nightmare you would wake up from at any moment . 
  in a way , they were simply victims too . 
  not in the video i watched , or maybe i could have spent five to ten seconds looking for a button that would toggle the captions on/off . 
  but i guess i did n't really care enough , and was only curious about the `` wtf ?!! '',
