  damn ... that girl on the right is a cutie . 
  women serve as infantry in estonia ? 
   did you know that post-war germany kept on paying its debt as slave labour up to 1956 ? 
  can you elaborate on this ? 
  i am not saying you are wrong , just never heard about this before . 
  was it unique to a particular occupation zone , or was it throughout all of germany ? 
   putin tries to move the focus to asia and already now the economy russian far east is dominated by asia . 
  i have no doubts this will be a threat to the economy of europe . 
  in what ways would this be a threat to the economy of europe ? 
  it sounds like russia would pivot away from europe in favor of deals with asia . 
  but europe would still be a huge , attractive market . 
  another country ( or group of countries ) would replace russia . 
  could you elaborate on the threats to europe you anticipate ? 
  but we gave the world mcdonalds and they still do n't like us ... what else do they want from us ? 
  that 's all we got !, 
   what 's worse is the americans seem to even pollute this sub , getting downvoted for criticizing them here as well . 
  this is probably just your perception . 
  people see different things here , i guess i mean people see what they want to see . 
  because i perceive it to be the opposite on this sub . 
  saying anything positive about the us almost always gets me down voted . 
  and i think the easiest way to get upvotes on this sub , is to say something completely ridiculous about the us . 
  in fact , it seems like the less factual a comment is about the us , the more it is upvoted ... 
  but then again that is what i perceive . 
  i probably do n't pay much attention to the down voting of comments critical of the us because i perceive that as natural , and i perceive critical comments that get upvoted as bizarre , so i remember those ones . 
  anyway , i think its hard to tell one way or another how critical comments about america are treated on this sub . 
  you could ask ten people and get ten different answers . 
   we need someone to consult on what grams are anyway . 
  just ask the guy you buy your weed from . 
  wow ... 
  your comment oozed arrogance . 
  dude ... you 're supposed to keep that a secret . 
  a number of reasons . 
  mostly , i am interested in international relations and europe is a very interesting continent to see things play out . 
  you see , relations between american and canada are n't exactly thrilling , and there is hardly any news about tensions/issues between the two countries . 
  so if i want to read about things going on in the world , this is one of the best places to go . 
  also , there really is n't an equivalent to this sub for america in general or our continent . 
  so i am kinda stuck here . 
  but whatever . 
  europe 's cool so i really enjoy coming to this sub ( idiotic comments aside since those are pretty much everywhere ) . 
  this sub is infested with cry babies . 
  the swiss sell some nets to russia and everyone is acting like the swiss handed russia nukes or something . 
  its hard for me to take this criticism seriously when virtually every european country has done some shady business with russia recently . 
  yesterday it was italy that was in the headlines . 
  tomorrow , it will be hungary again . 
  then germany will be accused of being too weak . 
  then the french will be in the news for its warships it is selling to russia . 
  spain will be targeted for offering its ports to russia . 
  cyprus will be crucified for a day for offering russia a military base . 
  almost every country that can do business with russia , does business with russia . 
  set in this context , the decision to sell some stupid nets seems completely trivial compared to everything else the other european countries have done with russia . 
   otherwise ir may be imposed from other countries someday , and then it will be painful . 
  so is your country going to invade switzerland because they sold them some nets ? 
  nothing is going to happen to switzerland , so these threats i see in this are pretty amusing . 
  you do n't like what the swiss are doing ? 
  ok . what are you gon na do about it ? 
  i would hope it is just her . 
  there are millions and millions of indians who wish to pursue higher education . 
  denying them ( and their money ) because of issues back in their country seems self defeating . 
  every country has its own set of issues , if indians were suddenly held responsible for rape , would i be held responsible for rape that occurs in my own country too ? 
  i do not think it is normal at all . 
  if it was , i would n't be reading about it in the news . 
  what i was wondering was if her quote about other professors and university associations discriminating against indians was true or not . 
  i am skeptical of her claim , but i also do not work at a german university and she does . 
  so i can not exactly assume what she is saying is complete b.s. 
   many female professors in germany decided to no longer accept indian male students for these reasons , and currently other european female association are joining . 
  of course we can not change or influence the indian society but only take our consequences in europe so european universities are actually doing this , or is it just german universities ? 
  that seems a bit ridiculous to for universities discriminate against applicants because they come from a country that has been in the media lately for rape . 
  i doubt this is a widespread practice , but still , those universities need to take their heads out of their asses . 
  way to insult a country of nearly 1.5 billion people . 
   but after the attacks in paris and copenhagen , obfuscation is no longer an option . 
  the real threat to jews - the mortal threat - is the islamist one . 
  so media outlets are being honest now ? 
  well that 's refreshing . 
  everyone and everything in spain is corrupt to the core . 
  i know this from reddit . 
  i agree . 
  the motivation for the act is less important than the result . 
  i got halfway through this senseless rambling ... could n't make it any further . 
  you need to take a chill pill . 
  maybe go outside for a walk and get some fresh air . 
  this is a conflict on the other side of the world . 
  we have no obligation to help ukraine . 
  how does not getting involved make us pathetic ? 
  we owe ukraine nothing . 
  this conflict should n't concern us . 
  i have a sneaking suspicion that my comment would have been taken more seriously had i omitted those last two sentences . 
  it also does n't mean that they will work together as efficiently and decisively as a single country will either ... 
  but then again , you and i are both speculating here . 
  what the hell do i know about those countries ' militaries and how well they work together . 
  i 'm a 28 year old dude that works in it :d, 
  you over estimate how integrated europe 's military is . 
  you over estimate european capabilities . 
  you over estimate how much of european equipment is fully functional . 
  europe 's military would get trounced by russia 's . 
   just enough to beat back russia , which really is n't that much . 
  not that much ? 
  russia has the 2nd largest military in the world . 
  that is the exact opposite of not `` that much '' . 
  lol . 
  in addition to that comment / u/ltburtreynolds is talking about , you also posted a picture of the twin towers burning in a message to me laughing about it .
