  does it seem like some sort of coherent vision for the future is being credibly crafted ? 
  that 's really crazy . 
  i would think that the politicians proposing leave had a bullet proof that had been revised over and over for any contingencies . 
  i doubt most leave voters were aware of how little planning has been done . 
  i would think any jovial mood left over from the election has dissipated at this point . 
  damn . 
  that 's does not look good for him ( or the uk ) at all . 
  it 's like their entire plan was to just `` see what happens '' like they could improvise this whole thing . 
  good luck britain bros, 
  a lot of people in america and around the world would agree with that . 
  i am one of them . 
  if someone else wants to take the keys and drive , go for it . 
  huh . 
  i usually explore with different flavors of buffalo wings . 
  perhaps i should add dick to the menu . 
  how did you find yourself in a situation where you were eating a horse dick ? 
  dried dicks are n't very common in the americas . 
  i suppose dicks were n't one of the foods included in the columbian exchange . 
  who is supplying the dicks ? 
  is there some sort of dick market in europe i have never heard about before ? 
  how will it be cooked ? 
  can any sauce be used to eat it with ? 
  or can the dicks be placed between bread or something ? 
  are you arguing with yourself ? 
  yay !, 
  i was born too late to experience the ottoman empire , and it 's finally coming back . 
  no more spreading freedom from my country . 
  your country is welcome to try though, 
  that was a very , very interesting post . 
  thanks for sharing all that . 
  seems like there is a strong personality cult surrounding ataturk . 
  i ca n't believe i just wasted 30 seconds of my life watching that, 
  i have seen that before . 
  what i find strange though , is that every time someone sees my last name anywhere in the world , they always ask if i am from hungary , and nowhere else . 
  and they are always right . 
  not sure why . 
  but when people see horvath , they never ask if i am croatian , they always ask if i am hungarian ? 
  actually i do n't know these hungarian guys . 
  even though my grandfather is hungarian , my last name is horvath which i presume is hungarian ( at the time they moved to america , you were supposed to leave the old world behind so they made an effort to refuse to pass down their history ) . 
  so even though my family is from hungary , no knowledge or history was passed down . 
  so can you elaborate on that ? 
  so i read this book about a guy from europe who moved to america and he described his home town like this :  my mother 's father was born in pressburg . 
  his children were born in pozsony . 
  after world war i his family left bratislava . 
  they are all the same city . 
  so which name should i use ? 
  it is n't that wrong . 
  german food/drink influence is far more weighted towards beer than food , at least in america . 
  and my country is the confluence of ethnicities . 
  german restaurants are rare , german beer influence is ubiquitous however, 
  so i do n't know much about slovaks considering your country is tiny and never in the news , but are you guys slavs ? 
  your country seems to be on the fault lines of germanic countries and slavic countries and i do n't know what category you fit in . 
  how do you do , fellow [ nazis ? 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/018/666/fellowkids.jpg ), 
  there 's another article in this sub that was posted recently that quotes erdogan as saying that countries must stand together against the dutch and condemn them for their attack on european values . 
  it does n't look like other countries are agreeing with erdogan on this issue . 
  if his goal is alienating his own country for no reason he is doing a wonderful job on that . 
   in a campaign rally sunday before a referendum on expanding the powers ' of his office , erdogan also called on international organizations to impose sanctions on the netherlands . 
   erdogan reiterated that the netherlands would be `` made to pay '' for its treatment of its ministers , adding there would be no reconciliation with the nato ally until then . 
  he did n't elaborate . 
  this is a pretty serious escalation of rhetoric here . 
  this whole thing is bizarre and seemingly came out of nowhere . 
   mevlut cavusoglu told hundreds of supporters in the french city of metz that the dutch would be asked to `` account '' for their decision regardless of an apology . 
  he called the netherlands the `` capital of fascism . '', 
  i think he is talking about the wrong country here . 
  either that , or the dutch are the nicest fascists the world has ever seen . 
  on a serious note , why the hell did turkey decide to pick a fight with the netherlands of all places ? 
  and why now ? 
  you seem to be distilling the whole point of life to salaries . 
  but you can not put a monetary value on family , friends , and your home . 
  those things are much more important than having more money in your pocket . 
  especially as you get older and start your own family . 
   do you have diabetes ? 
  oh come on . 
  that one is n't fair . 
  that 's like half of us !, 
  well for one thing the u.s. supplemented much of the european war effort in libya , a conflict the us did n't really want to be involved in and impacted europe much more than the us . 
  ditto for syria , the us has been heavily involved there in terms of airstrikes and providing arms and training when it could have just let the situation continue to deteriorate . 
  then there is the fact that our navy patrols and maintains global sea lanes , for which europe basically benefits for free . 
  but what i am really referring to is all the diplomatic efforts behind the scenes america does behind the scenes which contributes much more to stability than instability . 
  there is also all the disaster relief the us provides everywhere around the world since no other country has such an omnipresent navy . 
  i think you severely underestimate what the us does continually around the globe . 
  when trouble erupts , news networks and world leaders always ask how the us will respond . 
  do you understand how exhausting that is ? 
  imagine if every day you turned on the news and the eyes of the world were watching estonia and demanding a response from your country , knowing most of the world will criticize you no matter what you do . 
  i just want my country to stay out of the news for a while . 
  but because of it 's size and global power , that is impossible, 
  albania !, 
  i am guessing that simply it was suspiciously not on your list, 
  i hope they can . 
  it would be nice to kick back and relax for a couple decades while other countries do the heavy lifting and dirty work . 
  europe should be able to keep everything under control while we slumber away for a while, 
  someone should tell trump he is anti immigrant !, 
  he might have to divorce his wife !, 
  i would n't worry about the falcons that much . 
  they did give up a 25 point lead after all, 
  some people like to listen to music while stoned , some people like shooting people while stoned . 
  maybe drive by 's are actually really fun when you are high ? 
  the airdrops will happen anyway . 
  we will just replace bombs with blunts,
