  my dad is a carpenter and he gets direct deposit . 
  but i know day laborers who work sporadically get checks since it 's probably to much of a hassle to set up direct deposit if they are only gon na work 2-3 days on site and that 's it, 
  living paycheck to paycheck is just an anachronistic phrase . 
  even when you are getting your money directly deposited into your bank , you still refer to it as your paycheck , even though it is n't a physical paycheck . 
  so if you hear an american say `` i am waiting for my paycheck '' , it probably just means they are waiting for their money to get deposited in their bank account . 
  tl ; dr it 's just a phrase . 
  also , even when i was 16-19 , direct deposit was still common then . 
  but i got physical paychecks because my pay was so low they did n't bother with direct deposit . 
  so maybe people still do get paychecks if they work in a restaurant and make all their money off of tips but only get a small wage from the restaurant itself . 
  that could be the exception . 
  i have n't seen a paycheck in ten years . 
  i do n't know anyone that gets paychecks anymore . 
  it 's all direct deposit and has been since i graduated college in 2009 . 
  not sure how old you are . 
  i 'm only 29 and when i was in my early 20 's it was exactly how / u/hadhad69 described here in the us too . 
  you 'd be lucky to have them split checks individually and the servers would almost act like you asked them to donate a kidney when they did it . 
  so maybe the uk is just a few years behind ? 
  me too . 
  god damn they 're so fucking fat !, 
  how is it possible to be so fat ? 
  hail europe !, 
  perhaps ... my foreskin has got ta be around somewhere . 
  i 've searched under every rock and behind every tree in my city , but to no avail . 
  of all the ignorant comments in this thread , this one takes the cake, 
  it depends . 
  have you recently fucked your best friend 's wife ? 
  a ) i have never heard of this pan african flag you are seeing b ) criticizing anything black people do here makes you immediately racist , and you are therefore immediately ostracized . 
  that picture of butch merkel is terrifying . 
  that haircut would scare the boner off of just about anyone . 
  she looks like one of those old jewish [ golem ] ( http://www.davidbordwell.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/golem-71.jpg ) monsters or whatever the fuck they are called . 
  well you 're just lovely . 
  did an american poop in your toilet and not flush or something ? 
  or do you just think it makes you look cool to bash america ? 
  did an american touch you in naughty places when you were younger :( you seem unnecessarily bitter about this assimilation topic for some reason, 
  well that 's not very nice of them :( how many romanians see themselves as slaves to the americans ? 
  do they mostly keep to themselves or do they come to the cities often and mingle with the local population ? 
  how often do you see russians in romania ? 
  i did n't think they would be that common in romania for whatever reason, 
  so basically your entire army . 
  obviously there are more 1st and 2nd generation poles in the us ( same goes for every other ethnicity here ) , but there are a lot of poles here that recently moved as well , especially in chicago and even the small city i live in three hours south of chicago also . 
  once you get about an hour 's drive from chicago you start hearing polish on some radio stations , and applies to no other radio stations ( not even spanish which is the other major language here ), 
  i think the us army and the bulgarian army do train together pretty regularly though , do n't they ? 
  my brother was in the army and got stationed in bulgaria for a little bit to train together . 
  all i remember about it though was that my brother said his bulgarian liaison warned them every time they went into the city to stay away from the gypsies , and to never ever trust the gypsies . 
  i think it 's kinda funny that that is the only part of my brother training there that he bothered to tell me about . 
  these two comments would probably be a little grating or uncalled for to a lot of people :  the uk has been raping the world for a few hundred years amassing wealth i guess there really is no need to bring up the whole uk raping the world thing in a conversation about america . 
  just kinda seems outta place . 
   and also a bit more important than most . 
  although i understand what you mean here , as in , we 're a lot more important than other countries so we ca n't possibly be bothered to know everything about other countries which makes us appear insular . 
  it comes across ( especially to europeans ) as kind of an insult . 
  i guess it is mostly your tone that makes you come across as being too reactionary . 
  i 've noticed this in a lot of your comments . 
  which is funny , because i mostly agree with the general thrust of what you are trying to say . 
  i just kinda wince at some of your comments because they can come across a little dickish or like you are taking offense a little too easily . 
  not trying to insult you or anything , just expressing how i ( and other people in this sub evidently ) interpret your comments here . 
  he takes offense at a lot of things . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  the facilities were n't entirely left to rot . 
  the dorms where the athletes stayed were converted into dorms for students at weber state university . 
  that university also still uses athletic facilities built for its own purposes now . 
  plus a lot of the skiing shit that was built in park city is still very much in use . 
  there would be a lot more weeping mothers if it was n't for him, 
  why are you so certain that would happen ? 
  not saying you are wrong . 
  i do n't know much about the situation so i am genuinely curious . 
  just keep on drinking my friend . 
  nothing you can do about it . 
  jesus christ , that girl does n't look older than 10 . 
  that 's so sad , most kids her age are riding bikes and playing with toys , and have no concept of terrorism or violence . 
  i just do n't understand how people can bring themselves to kill children . 
  like what the fuck ? 
  well that fucking sucks . 
  there are lots of idiots in the western world . 
  most countries are just small enough that the spot light is never on them . 
  but i agree , glad to see the spotlight on someone else for once, 
  someone else here mentioned the dan carlin series about ww1 . 
  he also did a great series called ghosts of the ost front . 
  and it begins with a story about a boneyard , outside of stalingrad . 
  could you imagine a plain filled with a million corpses ? 
  it 's almost inconceivable . 
  you were ten and unearthed a shell ? 
  did you give your mom a heart attack ? 
  where was your grandpa from ? 
  did he fight in any of the wars ? 
  just out of curiosity , how do you know that ? 
  no shit posting ? 
  come on . 
  might as well rename this thread the.no fun thread, 
  i figured you would want to see how it pans out , positively or negatively , before charting the same path is britain . 
  seems like the prudent move to me at least, 
  that was quick . 
  i figured they 'd cautiously wait a few months to see how it panned out before calling for a referendum, 
   uk has gone full trump . 
  never go full trump . 
  david cameron promised this referendum years ago , long before trump announced his intention to run for presidency . 
  the uk is not going full trump , it 's following it 's own path and trump has nothing to do with it . 
  maybe trump is going full uk . 
  like son , like father i guess . 
  either way , people will be drinking heavily . 
  either in celebration , or in mourning .
