  what about russia 's concerns ? 
  and india 's ? 
  and every other country ? 
  get your head out of your ass !, 
  lol . 
  what in the hell makes you think europe is important enough to extend its writ across the globe ? 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with lowering emissions . 
  it has * everything * to do using other nation 's money to funnel money into its emissions-trading scheme ( ets ) , a scheme that has already failed and crumbled due to poor design . 
  it was a idiotic ploy to get other countries to fund europe 's quaint little projects . 
  and the rest of the world told europe to go fuck itself , and rightfully so . 
  just because people know about it , does n't mean they care . 
  i sure do n't . 
  he should see a doctor . 
  if at first you do n't succeed , try , try again . 
  i just hope i never have to hear about this incident again . 
   who comes up with ridiculous policy like this ? 
  god only knows . 
  some bureaucrat who wanted to find a way to fill eu coffers with other nations money by dressing it up as some sort of planet saving , green initiative ? 
  i do n't know , but i 'm glad other countries said `` fuck this !, 
  what a biased article . 
  first of all , it was n't the us that opposed that law initially , it was china . 
  but then , other countries lined up once they realized what complete horse shit this law was . 
  but i guess , if you are european press , just blame america . 
  no one will question , no one will blank an eye . 
  you can make ridiculous claims that paint you like a helpless victim by saying bullshit like `` but in the end she has capitulated to the united states . '', 
  the eu capitulated in the face of global opposition . 
  but once again , you can ignore that and pin it all on america , as is the seemingly favorite past time of european press . 
  why would the rest of the world oppose this law ? 
   for each flight , which starts on eu territory or lands , should co2 allowances are due - ** and indeed for the entire route . 
  ** so if a plane departs from beijing or boston , it would have to pay into the european coffers for * the entire route * . 
  not just for the time they were over european airspace . 
  so european carriers would inherently be favored over international ones . 
  an international flight , from say new york to london , in which the aircraft would only be briefly over european airspace , would have to pay the eu significantly more money than a airplane from stockholm to london :  under international law , it was a novelty : first , the eu adopted lay claim to adopt rules that should apply outside of their dominion . 
  so she joined a central gap of the un system . 
  because the rules of the united nations shall apply only to its member states . 
  ** the stateless airspace over the high seas , however , was not subject to rule before europe made his claim . 
  ** yup . 
  europe made the absurd claim that any plane flying into its territory would have to pay these co2 emissions fees for the entire time they were over the ocean , a territory europe has absolutely no jurisdiction over . 
  no wonder other countries balked at this idea . 
  this article just continues to be laden with anti-american bias :  this resistance was programmed , because the u.s. and * other countries * can you tell us who these other countries are ? 
  they are briefly mentioned way down in the article , but the headline has already set the tone , and created the narrative of the big bad us shitting on europe 's plans . 
  all of this just to feed money into europe 's co2 trading scheme . 
  a system that has already collapsed regardless of the plan to tax emissions :  at the time expected co2 prices they expected from the sale of certificates a gain of around 14 billion euros for its member states . 
  so they expected the rest of the world to fund europe 's co2 trading scheme , and the world said no . 
  to finish , here is another article that describes the failure of the eu 's plan more accurately : http://www.economist.com/blogs/schumpeter/2012/02/china-and-europes-emission-trading-scheme  no company likes being lumped with an extra cost . 
  airlines were therefore cheered by reports on february 6th that china had provisionally barred its airlines from complying with a european law to impose one , by including all flights into and out of the eu in its main provision for curbing greenhouse gases , the emissions-trading scheme ( ets ) . 
  but the airlines ' joy may be short-lived . 
  whether or not china imposes a ban -- a grave step , which might even instigate a global trade war -- the row is already hastening efforts to make the world 's airlines pay for their pollution . 
  it was china that started the opposition , but leave it european press to pin point the blame elsewhere . 
  at this point it should be self-evident that it is impossible to `` go green '' without virtually every other country following suit . 
  germany is certainly a trail blazer when it comes to transitioning their energy infrastructure over to renewable energies ( let 's forget about the increase in coal consumption for a second ) . 
  if you go too far , and you do this too fast , without other countries following your lead , you 'll simply price yourself out of the market . 
  furthermore , as government backed subsidies towards energy decrease you 're competitiveness , governments may look to subsidizing manufacturing industries as well to offset the losses . 
  in the end , all that will be accomplished is the massive theft of the tax payers money , with all of that cash being thrown into the abyss of increasingly uncompetitive energy/manufacturing companies . 
  all the while the braying masses will approve of this simply because `` green is good '' ... or so they 've been told . 
  unfortunately , germany 's transition to more renewable energy seems like a stark lesson of what not to do . 
  i do n't think the intention of the policy was bad , but the execution of the policy certainly appears to be at this point . 
  maybe ten years all of these issues will be over , and germany will have a robust energy infrastructure that is the envy of the world . 
  right now though , it looks likes a myopic plan gone awry , with the usual fuck ups that accompany grandiose government schemes that were poorly thought out . 
  the thought on the minds of france 's political elite : how can this be blamed on arrogant anglo saxons ? 
  thanks . 
  this looks a little pretty decent . 
  this might have been what i have had in mind . 
  i was kind of looking for a sub dedicated to something like this ( not just stratfor articles , but similar articles that delve a little deeper than traditional media ) . 
  i 'd be interested in going to that sub , but it looks like an absolute ghost town . 
  it 's kind of hard to foster discussion when you 're talking to yourself , 
  just out of curiosity , it looks like you do most of the posting on that sub . 
  i actually subscribe to their weekly email with a free article or whatever , but i have n't subscribed to that site because the subscription fee is so damn high . 
  did you purchase a subscription to it ? 
  can i read all of those links without having a pay wall appear after reading x amount of articles ? 
   and if it were about america or britain the comments would be flooded with ardent defenders of the nation . 
  this is true , to an extant . 
  then again the citizens of these nations are probably used to being criticized in the media . 
  in fact , you can not go a day without reading an article critical of either of these nations . 
  also , did you read the comment section in this article ? 
  it too is flooded with swedes , danes etc. . . ardently defending their respective nations . 
  it 's human nature to defend what you feel associated with . 
  this is probably the best article i have read on this subject in a while . 
  i 'm not sure why it got down voted so quickly . 
  i 'm guessing because the dire implications he assumes in this article come as to extreme , or maybe because it contains uncomfortable possibilities people would rather not think about . 
  anyway , here 's some of the more interesting scenarios if ukraine slides towards russia while europe watches ambivalently :  ... if the regime in kiev proceeds with military and security integration with russia , central europe will experience what the baltic states have felt for several years : the icy sensation of a hard security threat . 
   any chance of securing a european future for moldova is in doubt too . 
  the economic and political stability of europe 's poorest country depends almost completely on relations with ukraine . 
  in circumstances of benign neglect , it has been possible for the eu to make considerable progress in chisinau . 
  if that gives way to active sabotage from ukraine , the eastern partnership with moldova is doomed . 
   europe 's symbolic defeat in ukraine and elsewhere makes it far harder to sustain even georgia in its european orientation . 
  we can not require from small , poor , weak countries an appetite for risk that we do not accept ourselves . 
  the worst result of a successful kremlin power grab in ukraine is that it emboldens russian policy in central europe , the baltics and the western balkans . 
  fanciful ? 
  perhaps . 
  but events of the past few years suggest that complacency about russian aims and capabilities is unwise . 
  the suggestion that russia even has ground to out manoeuvre europe on the narrative of the protesters is interesting too :  it would be rash to assume that any conflict will be a clear one : in a fight between the grim skinheads of svaboda ( or still more radical groupings ) and the riot police or interior-ministry troops of the regime , which side does europe back ? 
  it is easy to imagine the fun the kremlin propagandists will have with the idea of eu defending the proud heirs of the galician ss . 
  the final point is particularly poignant in describing europe 's completely impotent response to this ukraine crisis :  the calculation from the kremlin is that europe is too tired , too divided , and too ineffective to defend its interests and values in its eastern neighbourhood . 
  our behaviour this week suggests that the kremlin is right in this view . 
  what * will * europe do ? 
  i try to like speigel , i really do . 
  this was an informative , and insightful article . 
  but speigel has a habit of slipping in little sentences that completely detract from the article for an american reader , and deliberately misleads non-american readers . 
  case in point :  and for the fundamentalist christian right , which remains influential today , ** the un is even a tool of satan , one that he aims to use to attain global dominance .
