  relatively speaking . 
  honestly , how many films from argentina or mexico have a global consumer base ? 
  besides niche markets , are you more likely to see a latin american movie on foreign shelves or an american one ? 
  i will even concede music sells broadly outside their shores , but compared to english speaking media , it 's not even close . 
  unless you are also including latin american athletes , but sports has yet to be mentioned as a cultural factor in this thread . 
  i am not saying it should be disregarded in this discussion , i am just saying it has n't come up yet . 
  sorry , i did n't read your comment in context . 
  in that case , that person 's complaint seems rather silly . 
  almost the entirety of classic rock is british bands . 
  and that 's not mentioning the multitude of hollywood actors that call the uk their home . 
  i agree on your second point as well . 
  many european languages are hardly spoken outside of their borders to warrant having an international influence . 
  to any europeans reading this , yes , i understand latin america , quebec , and a slew of african countries speak spanish , portugeese , and french , but these are hardly regions that have international cultural influence . 
  but you should note that all of these examples are cultural exchanges within english speaking countries . 
  where is the cultural exchange between america and non-english speaking european countries ? 
  it 's not an exchange , it 's one-sided . 
  that is a reason why non-anglophones might percieve more of a threat than the english would . 
  edit : punctuation . 
  we have to be careful . 
  we are on / r/europe , and they tend to frown upon the use of the word ` murica . 
  oh well , what do we care ? 
  we 're ` murican , right ? 
  or to fuck it up more , as politicians the world over seem so fond of doing . 
  that 's surprising . 
  i am no film industry expert , but i believe that is the budget for small independent films in america . 
  plus , that does n't leave much for marketing , especially international marketing . 
  i believe over half the revenue for american films comes from abroad ( not surprising , most people on the planet live outside of american borders ) . 
  maybe individual european countries simply do n't have the financial and linguistic foundations to leverage their film industry on a global basis . 
  also , more people in the world speak english than german ( or many other european languages ) , so it 's much easier for american films to find viewers around the world . 
  where is paradise ? 
  in the year 2012 , paradise was nowhere to be found on this lovely planet we all call home . 
  haha , i 'm an american , currently watching my car being buried in snow in a suburb outside of detroit . 
  i was using the language barrier as a very real reason why we are n't aware of european films . 
  i myself , only speak ` murican . 
  i think a self evident solution to prevent the domination of american media in other countries , in this case europe , would be to stop watching american films , and listening to american music . 
  if there was n't a market for american media abroad , it would n't have a presence because there would be no consumers for it . 
  if you are leary of the encroachment of american culture , then respond via ignoring it . 
  companies do n't sell product in places with no consumers . 
  obviously there is a large consumer base for american media . 
  somebody is buying the product . 
  somebody is watching the movies . 
  in fact , lots of people are . 
  and applying common sense , they are enjoying it . 
  people do n't pay money for things they detest . 
  they do make movies . 
  plenty of them . 
  but the market for foreign films in america is much smaller than the market for american films in europe . 
  many europeans speak english , but most americans only speak english . 
  therefore european films find it difficult to penetrate deeply into america . 
  if you wanted exposure to the full menu of european films , are you prepared to learn a second language ? 
  or more realistically , a third and fourth and fifth ? 
  there are always sub titled films , but nevertheless , language is a very real barrier . 
  head for the hills !, 
  hollywood is coming !, 
  yeah i have n't lived here too long , but the locals call it the doughnut . 
  basically the downtown is nice , then there are the rough surrounding areas , and outside of that is another ring of really nice suburbs and small cities that have a shit ton of bars . 
  i have no idea what that video was supposed to be , but i got less than ten seconds into before i stopped it . 
  when was the last time you were in detroit ? 
  i was in downtown 3 weeksb ago , and it is actually fairly nice . 
  i just moved to the detroit area . 
  i thought the same thing . 
  detroit is actually prett cool , and there is a lot of stuff to do . 
  someone else mentioned anne arbor , that 's a really neat town , but it 's kind of secluded from everything else . 
  i live in the suburbs direclt outside of detroit , and i love it . 
  i live right off main street , and there are bars and microbreweries all over the place . 
  it 's awesome if you are a young guy such as myself looking to have a good time . 
  also for italian : wop . 
  as in without papers . 
  maybe that 's just an american thing and is not used in canada . 
  it stems from a time when italians immigrants where the mexican immigrants of yester-year . 
  coming in droves without proper immigration papers . 
  i do n't think that article even mentioned that those schools were state schools , and the process in which they acquire funds for the fuel . 
  thanks for clearing that up !, 
  are you trying to perpetuate the myth of the lazy greek by suggesting the mayor should have appealed to the state for resources earlier ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're correct by implying that this situation could have been avoided if the mayor was more proactive . 
  but the main point of this article still conveys a troubling scenario ... that fuel has gotten so expensive that the mayor had to appeal for government aid to begin with . 
  it 's hiding in arizona , where there is not a cloud in the sky for almost 330 days out of the year . 
  it 's currently a little cold right now and it will be around 19 \u00b0 c this weekend and sunny . 
  it does n't have to be this way . 
  there places that are bright , sunny , and warm year round . 
  for the first 25 years of my life , i did n't own a winter coat . 
  think about the glorious * warmth * !, 
  i was thinking more along the lines of meeting someone at the bar `` genuine friendliness '' vs. interacting with someone in customer service `` being paid to be friendly '' . 
  i just moved to michigan , and it does n't matter what bars you go to , these people are super friendly . 
  i just imagine all of scandinavia is full of people frozen in place in the winter , and have to have people bring them food until the spring thaw . 
  yeah it just kills me when people mention the consumer culture like someone is holding a gun to your head and forcing you to buy shit . 
  fortunately , i was raised to be financial stable . 
  i too opt into healthcare and my 401k ( you 'd be crazy not to ) . 
  i just look at my aunts and uncles for inspiration . 
  some put money away since they were young and some did n't . 
  the difference in the lives they live at fifty are striking . 
  some people do n't understand investing in your future . 
  i set aside 10 % of my paycheck to my 401k and 10 % for my savings account and pretend like that money does n't exist . 
  although i guess it 's a lot easier to do that if your single and have no kids . 
  you can also exercise restraint , not by shit you do n't need , and invest that money in a 401k , ira , and/or pad your savings account . 
  he means he 's on / r/europe , and ca n't say a nice thing about the us without qualifying it with statements like `` a lot of the friendliness is ludicrously fake though '' . 
  got ta maintain that image . 
  are people too cold to steal in finland ? 
  i was more struck by the 53 schools shutting down because they ca n't afford the heat . 
  and this quote seemed especially tragic : `` i was expecting a different type of life .
