  why would you fight back when you can think about what was said instead ? 
  certainly interesting . 
  who knows if this is true , but since we have no idea if any news we hear out of syria is true , it is definitely at least plausible . 
  i want to see if this develops any further . 
  it would be a god send if it was true . 
  it would pretty much destroy any reason to get involved ... 
  i wonder how saudi arabia would respond if it turns out they sent the chemical weapons to the rebels . 
   it was all planned by the us all of a sudden . 
  hey man , it 's not us that is taking all the credit . 
  if you look at most comments ( especially in / r/worldnews ) , the blame for libya goes squarely in the us 's lap . 
  when people try to point out that the uk and france were staunch advocates of action from the very beginning , they get dismissed and told france and the uk are just poodles or some shit . 
  beleive me , i * want * france to take the credit here . 
  like you mentioned with syria , it is really annoying to me . 
  people make it sound like this is the us beating the war drums like its iraq 2.0 or something . 
  this is not the case at all , and it 's really frustrating . 
  i am personally happy that cameron consulted parliment , and got shot down . 
  i am not happy that he did not do it earlier . 
  cameron should have played his cards closer to his chest , instead he was acting on the world stage like he had a royal flush . 
  other nations were making plans with the thought that britain would be involved , now all those plans have to be revisited . 
  cameron should not have been so bellicose earlier , especially if he was not certain he had the total support of his people . 
  he did not . 
  sorry man , i 'm just a little exasperated over this whole thing . 
  it did n't add to the discussion , but it put a smile on my face , so i figured the comment was worthwhile . 
  besides , being an arrogant prick can be a form of humor in its own respect if done right . 
  i thought it was all in good fun . 
   so it turns out this ` special relationship ' lasts until we say no , once . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  saying `` no '' was n't the issue . 
  saying no * after * your pm promises other heads of state that he will involve his nation militarily is the issue . 
  why did n't cameron consult parliment first ? 
  this is what i find outraging . 
  he pledged support , then consulted . 
  france and the us were making plans with the assumption that britain would be involved . 
  the military action that was going to take place relied on their being a consensus , and that the us would n't go it alone . 
  we did not want to do that . 
  we have stayed out succesfully for two years . 
  then your pm comes along and says not only that would he support military intervention , but also that he would use his own military for support . 
  remember , america was not too thrilled about getting involved either . 
  cameron , ever since the gas attack , has been all over major news outlets saying he would punish assad . 
  and then , * after * the promises , he goes to parliment and gets shot down . 
  that is the issue . 
  you did n't say no . 
  you said yes , and then you said no . 
  you got a rough crowd out there tonight . 
  it looks like people ca n't take a joke for some reason . 
  it is fantastic that we are strengthening our relationship with france . 
  it 's been a long time coming and frankly we have had a dismissive attitude towards france , and i hope that that attitude will be seriously revisited . 
  it did not need to be a zero sum game , but cameron made it one . 
   i 'm not in favor of the us doing things unilaterally ever this is what cameron has done . 
  to the rest of the world , it looks like this is american unilateral action with france coming along for the ride . 
  this is , in no uncertain terms , and complete debacle . 
   saying france is an old strong ally is n't slapping the uk in the face it 's a fact . 
  there was much more than mere words in that statement . 
  there was an obvious message hidden not so secretely in those words . 
  that message was `` the uk 's status as america 's biggest ally is not to be taken for granted '' . 
  good . 
  cameron 's actions the last few days is nothing short of a disgrace . 
  he has been one the most stalwart proponents of military action against assad . 
  if britain would have signalled from the beginning that they would not be involved , chances are no military action would be taken , or it would have been delayed . 
  but that is not what happened . 
  cameron loudly , and confidently beat the war drums . 
  he assured his allies that britain would be involved . 
  and now , with the war ships in position , the weapons being readied , * now * he consults parliment . 
  this should have been done in the opposite order . 
  now , cameron has just demonstrated to the world that you can not depend on him . 
  he will make promises he is incapable of delivering . 
  he should have foreseen this as a possible outcome , but he is so out of touch with his own people , and his own parliment that he assured his allies first , consulted parliment second , and was shot down . 
  now , france and the us have to do it alone . 
  britain reneging on its promise has destroyed any shred of legitimacy france and the us had in punishing assad . 
  it has shown the world that west is completely incoherent . 
  there is no way cameron could have played his cards any worse . 
  the message is loud and clear . 
  cameron can not be depended on . 
  when cameron makes a promise , you must question is ability to follow through . 
  even worse , he is still adamantly advocated military action against assad , but now he has no skin in the game . 
  the best britain could do now is either be a vocal critic * against * using military force , or retreat quietly into obsolescense . 
  any further statements by cameron will just do more harm then good at this point . 
   one thing for sure , russia wants be powerful . 
  do the russians have one definition of power ? 
  it seems this always means in a military sense . 
  they could be a cultural power that attracts attention to its nation in the way american movies , tv shows , and music does . 
  they could be an innovative power , that brings wealth to its people and draws attention to russian institutions . 
  it could be an ideological power ( but they have n't had much luck with that in the past ) . 
  it kind of looks like they want to be a religious power , by anchoring itself as the pre-eminent orthodox church . 
  i guess these are all forms of soft power . 
  russia seems a little clumsy with soft power . 
  the impression i get is that russia associates power with two things : military might , and energy dependency . 
  it 's unfortunate . 
  russia has a lot of potential to be more than just the guy with the biggest dick in the room that scares everyone else . 
   having convinced himself that the west was behind revolutions in ukraine and georgia , mr putin also blamed america for a wave of protests in moscow in december 2011 : proof positive that enemies were at the kremlin 's gate . 
  mr putin responded by attacking charities and campaign groups who have funding from abroad , branding them `` foreign agents '' . 
   to shore up his core support , mr putin has filled russia 's ideological vacuum with nationalism and anti-americanism . 
  the main thesis is of two conflicting civilisations , with the west exemplifying economic decline , international recklessness and moral depravity . 
  russia must shield itself from this harmful influence and preserve its own traditional values , based on orthodoxy and past glory . 
  this was behind a recent law against gay `` propaganda '' , and a ban on officials from having bank accounts and property abroad . 
  it seems like russia is just settling at its natural state . 
  this kind of stance seems to be where russia feels most comfortable . 
   but russia has drawn a `` red line '' on the issue of ukraine 's association agreement with the european union . 
  it has launched a fusillade of trade sanctions to press the case for its rival outfit , the eurasian economic union . 
  fyodor lukyanov , the editor of russia in global affairs , a periodical , says the main point is anchoring former soviet republics in russia 's sphere of influence rather than promoting trade .
