  as for the working more than 40 hours , workers are broken into 2 categories , hourly and salary . 
  hourly usually get paid time and half after 40 hours , and between 60 hours . 
  after that it usually doubles ( i say usually because this varies state by state , and company by company , but it 's broadly true ) . 
  as for salary , you just get paid for 40 hours , regardless if you go over or under ( although it 's rarely under ) . 
  some companies will pay time and a half for anything over 50 hours if you are salary , once again , this depends on the company . 
  my company does not do this . 
  but since it is almost a given that you have worked over forty hours , you can usually request time off and it wo n't be counted against your vacation . 
  just a few weeks i took a thursday and a friday off for a wedding , and it was n't part of my vacation since my net hours that i worked were approximately 80 hours for that pay period . 
  just like those stories in that thread were anecdotal , so is mine . 
  but i would pretty much guarantee you that the 2-3 weeks plus 11 holidays are much more common . 
  this applies mostly for any job that is n't being a cashier at mcdonald 's . 
  i ca n't speak for those employees . 
  but anyway , when i see that the average european gets 4 weeks off , i look at my 3.5 weeks , and do n't see too wide of a gap . 
  just remember that the average redditor ( especially on / r/politics ) is not necessarily your average american worker at a decent job . 
  just out of curiosity , do you , or have you live in the us ? 
  i 'm just asking because i have seen things in this thread referring to vacation time and over-time that are total misconceptions . 
  i am wondering where this comes from . 
  i looked at a few other sources , and no matter the number , the ratio is always roughly the same : 4:2:1 ( germany : italy : usa/spain ) . 
  all of these countries ( and others obviously ) seem to be aggressively pushing to increase their solar capacity . 
  europe definitely has the advantage by far right now . 
  it will be interesting to see how this plays out , seeing as america has vast deserts that are mostly uninhabited that are larger than some european countries . 
  europe has seem to gone all in in the renewable energy sector , while the us is going half assed with renewable , but all in in terms of natural gas production . 
  either way , in ten years or so the pie charts showing the percentage of energy from various sources europe and america are using are going to look drastically different than they do now . 
  does that 9.0 gw refer to photovoltaics installed on homes , or the full suite solar energy production by all methods per capita ? 
  i am sorry that was just a comment someone made , and there was very little context so i do n't really understand what those numbers represent . 
  thanks . 
  it definitely is an adjustment and you are right that is purely preference . 
  michigan 's summers are n't particularly humid , or at least compared to places like florida . 
  arizona has amazing weather during the winter , but the summers are dreadful . 
  although , hot summers means four months of booze by the pool for me , so i do n't mind it . 
  so the question is : miserable summers vs. beautiful winters , or miserable winters vs. beautiful summers . 
  the jury is still out for me . 
  i 'll let you know how i feel after my first year . 
  but the desert will always be my home . 
  you might find this interesting : http://finance.yahoo.com/blogs/daily-ticker/fracking-good-economy-environment-155325507.html, 
  i feel like there are many other suitable places to experience the sun than death valley . 
  i would pick palm springs or phoenix any day over death valley . 
  although i am sure there is an austere appeal to being in the middle of nowhere surrounded by charred ground and mountains . 
  my car broke down in death valley in july , it was n't cool ( pun potentially intended ) . 
  and i am from phoenix , but at least there is shelter to be found . 
  death valley is just you and the sun . 
  i guess it 's beuatiful in its own imposing way . 
  your right , many people get paid time and a half after 40 hours , so there is an incentive to work more . 
  what are you gon na do about ? 
  steal our sunshine ? 
  florida is pretty much as bad as it gets . 
  the heat compounded by the humidity is a recipe for misery . 
  at least in the southwest there is almost no humidity . 
  although some would say that hardly matters when it 's searing hot outside . 
  yeah i was responding to an american . 
  i was using fahrenheit as sneaky code to mystify and confuse you europeans . 
  was he one the few creatures with a pulse that lived there ? 
  i 've driven through death valley , and thought nobody lived there . 
  i do n't know . 
  i feel like i left my heart in the desert when i moved here . 
  there is just something about the southwest . 
  plus i feel like a ca n't put on enough layers here . 
  the cold just makes me want to hole up inside and never come out . 
  where in the black ? 
  california ? 
  arizona ? 
  i feel like making an appeal to the people of the midwest and northeast . 
  i would just like to say `` it does n't have to be this way . 
  you can move to places where it * never * snows . 
  where 50 \u00b0 is freezing . 
  it gets better . 
  leave these lands '', 
  yeah i just moved to michigan . 
  it 's snowing right now . 
  it 's cold , very cold . 
  i 've never been through a real winter where it gets cold . 
  i just checked the temperature in scottsdale , az. 
  it 's 50 \u00b0 right now . 
  the lows are ten degrees higher than the highs here . 
  it will be 60 \u00b0 and sunny tomorrow . 
  it 's times like these i wish i had n't moved here . 
  i 'll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he was drunk . 
  drinking and redditing can be a problem . 
  the crazy thing about this , is i think oregon and new jersey have the highest rates of subsidized solar energy in the country per capita . 
  i am from arizona ( the black blob ) , and we were being outpaced by places that rain and are cloudy 6 months out of the year . 
  that was a few years ago though , i think arizona and california have been making more effort to not look like idiots . 
  edit : sorry for the contentless , useless comment that was mostly talking out of my ass . 
  i should have just gone to my googling machine to begin with . 
  here is something that might be more useful : http://www.getsolar.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/2010-solar-pv-capacity-us-map.png this wikipedia page goes into where america currently is , and some of the plants that are under construction . 
  yuma , arizona is currently building the largest plant in the world ( in terms of energy production ) : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/solar_power_in_the_united_states i 'll leave it to someone else to find information regarding europe . 
  i 'm assuming he meant `` line '' instead of `` like '' . 
  look at the other countries at the same latitude . 
  the are n't a deep fuck you blue like the uk . 
  there 's a few blobs north of scotland . 
  what is the name of your blob ? 
  which state ? 
  that dark blob covers mostly arizona and southern california . 
  i was born and raised in the state that is almost completely black . 
  needless to say it was * really * fucking hot during the summer . 
  as in , at * least * 110 \u00b0 f ( ~ 43 \u00b0 c ) every damn day between may and august . 
  `` since we have a big union why not have regulations self govern and have a europe do the * redistribution of wealth instead of countries * '' how much are you willing to let a foriegn entity redistribute wealth to countries ' who can not manage themselves ? 
  do you really want your countries wealth subsidizing the ineptidude of other countries when your nation solvency is at risk ? 
  and for what ? 
  for `` solidarity '' ? 
  what gives you the right to post here more so than any american ?
