  that 's so fucking disgusting . 
  how could anyone live like that ? 
  who destroys their own homes ? 
  jesus christ , do they not have concepts such as `` dignity '' in their culture ? 
  it 's like they do n't place value in anything normal people do . 
  work ? 
  nope . 
  keeping your living spaces at least somewhat clean ? 
  nope , not at all . 
  no wonder they have such a bad reputation . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen another group of people that voluntarily live like rodents . 
  that could be true , i would n't know i do n't live there . 
  however , there are other swedish people in this thread who are saying the complete opposite . 
  how do i know what to believe if i do n't live there and i see conflicting reports on what is going on there ? 
  i do n't give up half my paycheck in taxes , i give up under 30 % . 
  and people here do seem much more cognizant of how our taxes are allocated than in other countries . 
  it 's at least considered acceptable to question how your taxes are allocated . 
  not only that , it 's considered responsible to question how your taxes are allocated then vote accordingly . 
  in fact , when i vote in state and local elections , the vast majority of items on the ballot are how voting on whether or not to fund certain things , and how much funding should be allocated . 
  when your government is raiding different departments and increasing taxes on you to cover costs of immigrants at the expense of the native population , they are essentially stealing from you . 
  i do n't know how this simple concept is so difficult to grasp . 
  similarly , if they tax you with promises to spend that money on thing , then use to spend that money on another , that is also essentially theft . 
  i know you guys like all your social programs and do not want to give those up . 
  that 's fine . 
  but that does n't mean you should just obediently fork over money without asking questions and raising concerns over how it is spent . 
  i would n't mind being taxed so everyone can have free healthcare . 
  i would be furious over being taxed to lavishly spend money on a million immigrants that were just imported . 
  let 's be real here . 
  sweden importing hundreds of thousands of migrants is most certainly a vanity project, 
  it becomes outright theft when you 're government grossly mismanages how they spend the money or spends it on idiotic vanity projects . 
  you guys might not have a problem giving away half your paychecks without scrutinizing how your government spends it . 
  i do n't . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  all you did was link an article about a liberal american who likes high taxes . 
  he is not an authority on the subject . 
  i 'd rather pay less taxes than more , especially if i thought my government was allocating my tax dollars in ways i did n't approve of . 
   how about how migrants/refugees can claim retroactive child care allowance right from the day the child was born in their home country . 
  wait ... what the fuck ? 
  this can actually happen ? 
  as in migrants can just show up in sweden , and your government retroactively gives them child support money all the way to the year they were born ? 
  who 's fucking wise idea was that ? 
   meanwhile i pay into a system i get very little out of . 
  i am expected to clean my child 's school ( even though i am paying 6000 dollars in tax every month ) holy shit dude ... i do n't know how much you make , but there is a fine line between taxes and outright theft , and it sounds like your country is coming really close to that line . 
   and the white liberals are too stupid and naive to realize it . 
  not only that , but they think they are these enlightened , open minded geniuses too and it 's everyone else who is actually ignorant . 
  it 's really fucking obnoxious , and the stakes are way too high to be playing bullshit pc games when people can actually die from the consequences of this stupidity . 
   `` what we 've found in talking to muslims is there is a current of what people would call liberal muslim opinion , [ that ] says that actually muslims need to find a form of islam that is completely compatible with british life , and so on , '' he added . 
   `` those people think of themselves as a very small minority now , within a minority and our survey says that maybe fewer than one in five muslims belong to that group , and they feel that they are dwindling . 
  so the `` tiny minority '' we always hear about that support terrorism , in fact are the core group of muslims . 
  and it 's actually the liberal muslims that are a tiny minority . 
  and that tiny minority is getting smaller at the precise moment we desperately need it to get significantly larger ... 
  this is seriously concerning . 
  when i read shit like this , i ca n't help but think `` ok , this is n't funny anymore . 
  something needs to change , and change quickly '' . 
  what is happening ? 
  and how much longer will we continue fucking around and saying everything will be fine ? 
  yeah we 're the reason 1 out of 50 british men are raising kids that are n't theirs . 
  i 'd impose visa restrictions too, 
  no thanks, 
  i 'm interested ... how would these sperm samples be collected ? 
   a friend at the eu commission recently told me that its staff are banned from organising any meetings to discuss the possible effects of brexit , in case it leaks and eu institutions appear defeatist . 
  this amounts to sticking heads in the sand . 
  that seems really irresponsible . 
  discussing a brexit does n't make one defeatist , it makes you prudent and responsible . 
  they should be discussing this frequently so they have a coherent plan if it actually does happen . 
  it seems almost impossible to believe that there are n't people in europe coming up with a game plan in case britain leaves . 
  that would be a complete failure of their duties if they were n't . 
  their most important fucking job is to come up with scenarios to manage the fallout of issues of this magnitude ( unless i 'm mistaken in what exactly what that eu commission does , as is easy to do in european politics ) . 
  i take it the locals do n't do as many drugs and have sex with hookers like the tourists do ? 
  i do n't think anyone expected estonia to have a massive airforce or anything , but it is surprising that it 's basically non existent . 
  should n't there have been large stock piles of soviet equipment left over . 
  i figured they would have at least left a couple dozen jets and even quite a few tanks . 
  what happened ? 
  did russia take all that equipment back ? 
  or did they never station troops/stockpile equipment , munitions , and vehicles in the baltics to begin with ? 
  i dunno but i kinda like it, 
  that was straight up brutal . 
  i felt bad for france just reading that . 
  i wonder what set him off to go for low blow after low blow . 
  that 's myopic . 
  we would get dragged in regardless at some point . 
  sitting out on a major european war is not an option , regardless of whether or not nato exists . 
  you can pretend and wish otherwise , but we would not , and can not sit by and watch disaster unfold in europe . 
  maybe we would leave them be if it looked like european countries could contain the issue . 
  but if there was a continent wide war , we would be forced to act . 
  dammit i did n't know that . 
  now i feel left out . 
  do any countries refer to an std as `` mal des am\u00e9ricain '' ? 
  hmmm ... maybe the vietnamese ? 
  but it will be if we do backout . 
  it 's a paradox . 
  we will be thrust into that same role but with a europe in a much worse shape . 
  scrapping nato is an emotional reaction , not a responsible one . 
  it would not be in our national interest to throw the whole alliance away . 
  it would be much better to reconfigure the existing structure then dress it down to nothing and try to rebuild it on the fly if something serious happens in europe . 
  i wan na see a movie now where estonia gets invaded , and their only hope lies in an 85 year old estonian rambo who comes out of retirement to personally drive that tank off into battle save his nation from certain doom . 
  so you can show everyone how awesome you are because of where you are from . 
  works for me every time . 
  so 5-6 centuries of being a european power/civilization is n't enough to be considered properly european ? 
  jesus , how many centuries do you need ?
