  so why are they pressuring all the countries to be like them ? 
  as it stands , it looks like this mentality will not change . 
  it is understandable since the germans have come so far , and have so much to lose :  germans are understandably preoccupied with the danger of having to pay with their own hard-earned wages and savings for other europeans ' self-indulgent mistakes . 
  i lose count of the number of times people say to me , ** `` when outsiders ask us for leadership , what they mean is money . '' ** that 's a very cynical ( although realistic ) approach . 
  that kind of thinking , however correct it may be , seems to stand in the way of the types of bold action needed in the eurozone . 
  that one caught my eye too . 
  i wondered why those two were posed as mutually exclusive . 
  how do you even answer a question like that ? 
  i would probably just stand there confused for a while and then end up just picking one to move on to the next question . 
  i have such a strong urge to begin speculating who 's national personification can kick the ass of another 's national personification . 
  i 'll resist the urge for now . 
  no need to stir up trouble . 
   he told russia 's interfax news agency : `` by hosting these , poland is making itself a target . 
  this is 100 per cent certain . 
  it becomes a target for attack . 
  such targets are destroyed as a first priority . '', 
  umm ... what the fuck ? 
  is this a hoax ? 
  that 's some scary shit !, 
  they ca n't . 
  they do n't give a fuck about you . 
  get over yourself . 
  i have burned countless cds , torrented countless shit , and here i am , still typing away on reddit perfectly fine in the humble state of illinois . 
  stop being so dramatic . 
  how expensive is greece compared to other european countries ? 
  because 750 euros is almost exactly 1000 dollars . 
  if that is pre-tax levels , that appears to be poverty wages . 
  there is no way i could live on $ 1000/month ( there is , but i 'd have to sell my car , cancel my phone , only pay certain bills , still bread crumbs from birds to eat , etc. . . ), 
  did you add those links after you initially posted this comment ? 
  i did n't see those pictures the first time . 
  what the fuck ? 
  a gypsy crown ? 
  a fat gypsy emperor ? 
  my god . 
  who are these people ? 
  these guys are ridiculous . 
  i guess it depends on how often you smoke , and what quality of stuff you smoke . 
  i recently moved to a new city , and can only get mids here . 
  that lasts me about 45 minutes . 
  myabe being a gyspy king is n't so bad afterall . 
  i would probably rather be a regular non-gypsy person than a gyspy king though . 
  there 's just something about gypsies that make them hard to like . 
  wait ... you 're not a gypsy , are you ? 
  is that a good title to have ? 
  who the fuck would want to be king of gypsies ? 
  that 's kind of why i refuse to call them romani or roma or whatever . 
  it 's fucking sneaky . 
  they 're gypsies god dammit !, 
  but what the hell is romania supposed to do with the gypsies ? 
  where do they deport them ? 
  or is romania condemned forever to be the dumping ground for gypsies ? 
  god that must fucking suck . 
  that 's the answer i was looking for !, 
  what the hell are countries supposed to do with them ? 
  yes . 
  different hells for different people . 
  mine would be a never ending justing bieber concert . 
  i think it would be rather difficult for satan to arrange that gig though . 
  oh ... that was kind of a let down . 
  i was hoping there would be more stealing involved . 
  i guess i need to reevaluate my image of gypsies . 
  so if they are so poor and shitty , how are they able to build these supposedly huge houses ? 
  a few days ago , somebody posted pictures of gypsy houses and some of them looked like god damn castles . 
  okay . 
  so i 've kind of developed a strange fascination with gypsies . 
  i do n't know why . 
  but after seeing so many threads about gypsies on / r/europe , i started looking for information about gypsies in america . 
  as of now , i have only met one person in my life who has had gypsies in his town . 
  he hated them . 
  apparantely they were all crooks and liars and thieves . 
  i guess that dispenses the notion that america can magically integrate everyone . 
  as if people come here , breath in american air and somehow become model citizens . 
  anyway , i saw this guy 's description of gypsies in his town in texas . 
  since i have never seen or met one , i was hoping if you , or someone else could tell me if this description is accurate :  back when i was younger i used to work at westgate car wash ( wow that 's been a long time ago ... ) and the gypsies used to come into to the service center and pay to get their tires and wheels taken off one truck and put onto another . 
  come to find out , they were going to local car dealerships and test driving the high-end and custom conversion pickup trucks , and driving them to the carwash and a few other shops in town and swapping the tires and wheels whenever they wanted a new set . 
  those are some shiesty folks , there ai n't nobody they wo n't try to rip off . 
   have any of y' all ever been to the gypsy camps ?? 
  odd bunch of folks . 
  they all live in mobile homes and rv 's , except for the leader . 
  they live in this huge brick house out there with a big wrought iron and brick fence . 
  and the leader and his wife are referred to as the king and queen . 
  i am not even kidding . 
  when the elderly ones become unproductive they get sent away from the rest of the `` tribe '' , sent to live in the old raggedy trailers and campers and are treated like $ & ! + . 
  they for the most part are inbred . 
  they have a an elevated number of handicapped children , and they are rarely seen in public . 
  those who do marry outside of the clan are outcast . 
   they are a very peculiar group . 
  would be very interesting if they were n't so shiesty and cooked . 
  is this shit true ? 
  do they really have a king , or queen , or a leader that runs the gypsy tribe ? 
  for some reason i thought it was odd that there was one gypsy who basically lived better than everyone else in his group . 
  i know this is wierd , but gypsies are fucking wierd . 
  does romania have the highest concentration of gypsies in europe ? 
  have you ever seen any ? 
  then you and i have very different definitions of hell . 
  maybe , but i have no idea . 
  i wonder if anyone would know if you just copied and pasted the entire thesis into google translate . 
  that 's what i would do . 
  thanks for your responses . 
  sorry for bombarding you with questions but i find this to be really fascinating .
