  well natural resources have to come from somewhere , unless you have another idea no one has figured out . 
  and if you 're going to destroy something , might as well be uninhabited , desolate desert where the only things that live are shrubs and scorpions . 
  but yeah , it would be nice if we could extract resources from the earth without destroying it , no one would really argue with that . 
  that 's pretty crazy . 
  i do n't think any other country * can say that really . 
  only downside to that is there really is n't any places where you can destroy for natural resources and not give a shit . 
  other than that , europeans are very blessed to have to land that they do . 
  * i meant continent . 
  oops i fucked up, 
  it 's probably a good thing that most of australia 's vast interior is n't forested . 
  they have a very small population , and limitless land to dig up , mine , or drill into for natural resources . 
  if it was filled with fertile land or forests , they might have to think twice about digging up their entire continent for expensive rocks , 
  i was just thinking about this . 
  of the few countries that span a continent , they seem to have vast uninhabitable areas . 
  the american southwest comes to mind . 
  the interior of australia is basically a desolate wasteland . 
  canada and russia have vast tracts of uninhabited tundra ... is there anything like that in europe or is pretty much all of it habitable ? 
  ( excluding the northernmost regions of the scandinavian countries , i am talking about europe proper ), 
  why is n't scat porn on the list ? 
  you do n't know how anything works in the us , yet you 're commenting as if you do . 
  * shrugs * . 
  i guess getting sick here is a death sentence . 
  that 's certainly news to me and everyone else who lives here, 
   also , given the median pension fund ( 0 ) , it 's work till you ca n't and die . 
  the us does n't give everyone a pension . 
  it gives everyone social security . 
  it 's the same thing , just a different name, 
  the third stage you are referring to is the u6 unemployment rate ( the typical figure cited is called the u3 rate ) . 
  here is a link that shows the current u6 rate : http://www.marketminder.com/a/fisher-investments-investors-time-to-pay-less-attention-to-jobs/7afc0a8d-818e-49c5-9e68-08eb1aab8d20 the current u6 rate is 9.7 %, 
  strange . 
  we definitely do n't have that here ( or more accurately , it is less pronounced ) . 
  as i said elsewhere in this thread , i spent a week and half in london last summer . 
  i would never have picked up on the subtleties of accents to discern class . 
  accents here are regional , not class based . 
  anyway , that 's really interesting i guess is what i 'm trying to say . 
  well what i 'm saying is when these issues came up , it was n't in a negative manner . 
  just mentioning intricacies of changing demographics and how it has effected political/cultural shifts and such , not railing against foreigners or anything . 
  just because you talk about race or religion does n't mean you 're some ignorant bigot or anything . 
  you can just make casual observations you know . 
  but at this point , i 'm not even sure what we 're arguing about anymore . 
  hmmm ... can you identify class just from looking at them ? 
  huh . 
  i spent ten days in london last year , and when hanging out in pubs with people from all different backgrounds , race and religion were brought up pretty frequently . 
  not in a malicious way , but just as topic of conversation . 
  i must have been incredibly lucky to meet such rare individuals . 
  yeah i see that . 
  it 's literally the first thing that gets mentioned when his name comes up ( for obvious reasons , it 's his most unique/defining feature ) . 
  he 's just one of those people who tried to show how progressive he is by saying stuff like `` what are you talking about ? 
  i do n't even notice race ? '', 
  i mean , race and religion are often the two most defining features of a person . 
  it 's impossible not to acknowledge . 
  i mean , when you first meet someone , you ca n't tell what their profession is , what their hobbies are , or what their political persuasion is . 
  but you can immediately identify their race , and almost just as often their religion . 
   i feel perfectly comfortable with a muslim mayor . 
  i live in london , and nobody in my circles had even mentioned that when discussing the election . 
  maybe among chavs it 's different . 
  lol keep telling yourself that . 
  i doubt you even believe what you are saying . 
  no one has mentioned his religion at all ? 
  and the only people that did were chavs ? 
  sorry , this is just completely unbelievable . 
   whereas here nobody even mentions maybe you should follow your own press then : [ sadiq khan 's road to power : a cosmopolitan muslim is set to become london 's next mayor ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21690058-cosmopolitan-muslim-set-become-londons-next-mayor-sadiq-khans-road-power ) [ some londoners do n't want a muslim mayor . 
  maybe london is n't so different after all ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/london-mayor-election/mayor-of-london/11800426/some-londoners-dont-want-a-muslim-mayor.-maybe-london-isnt-so-different-after-all.html ) [ does labour 's anti-semitism crisis weaken sadiq khan ? 
  have your say on the london mayoral election ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/04/do-you-trust-sadiq-khan-over-zac-goldsmith-have-your-say-on-the/ ) or your own subreddit : [ one in three londoners feel ` uncomfortable ' with the prospect of a muslim mayor , poll finds ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/3gyoi4/one_in_three_londoners_feel_uncomfortable_with/ ) do n't fool yourself . 
  the uk is not so different than any other western country ... i mean , do you honestly think the uk is this unique magical place where no one cares about religion ? 
  i am officially the first american to comment in this thread , and it has nearly 100 comments before i posted this . 
  all the other comments were from europeans discussing his religion . 
  why are you dragging america into this ? 
  cheap easy karma ? 
  and if you had n't noticed , religion has dominated european news for the better part of a year now . 
  yet somehow , no one in europe cares about religion . 
  that explains why europeans are endlessly talking about it . 
  this article is over a month old . 
  was there a new development to this situation ? 
  or is this just a repost, 
  hmmm ... 
  convincing argument . 
  i agree !, 
  europe has endured much worse . 
  perhaps you should read some history . 
  europeans enjoy among the highest standards of living in the world . 
  are you serious ? 
  at most things will get slightly worse . 
  that version of worse will still be greater than what 99 % of humanity enjoys, 
  that 's crazy ... a port city being shut off from the wider world for half a century . 
  such a fucking waste . 
  the entire point pig port cities is too exploit it 's position for trade with other port cities lol . 
  she might not be physically hurt , but witnessing something like that would be mentally/emotionally traumatizing . 
  that really sucks . 
  sorry to hear your sister was there . 
  seeing something like that might take a long time to recover from, 
  jesus christ that 's horrible . 
  i ca n't understand how someone could do something like this . 
  what could you possibly accomplish by splitting people in half with your vehicle ? 
  seems like an odd move to turn tallinn into a dead end , when it could have been an entrepot for the ussr . 
  but then again , soviets were n't ever known for optimizing their economy . 
  what a waste, 
  it took her 32 years to apply for residence ? 
  why would she wait so long ? 
  it must be flattering to be so desired by foreign countries for so many centuries !,
