  on crimea . 
  edit : actually took me under five seconds to figure out how to turn the captions on . 
  ooops . 
   maybe even a jab at americans who are unable to pinpoint crimea on the map . 
  if that was their intent , that 's a pretty hilarious jab . 
  especially since there is probably a lot truth to that . 
  i guess it might be a way of highlighting how confused and naive our foreign policy is if we ca n't even figure out where we are fighting , let alone why . 
  this is all speculation of course since we really have no way of knowing why they put the `` wtf '' there , but i guess it shows that this propaganda piece was actually done well if it gets people thinking about the meanings and implications shown in this video . 
  damn crafty russkies ... 
  but why was it in english ? 
  is `` wtf ?!! '', 
  a universally understood acronym ? 
  why was n't a russian equivalent used ? 
  since i do n't understand a damn thing being said in this video , can someone please explain why crimea has `` wtf ?!! '', 
  written on it around the 25 second mark ? 
  what does the difference in technology matter ? 
  in both cases you 're burying toxic shit underground for a very long time . 
  and how could you be against a practice you clearly know so little about ? 
  so all i have to do to convince you to be against nuclear power is say `` it uses similar technology to fracking '' . 
  is that how easy it is to scare people like you ? 
  so are you against nuclear power because radioactive waste also has to be sequestered underground forever ? 
  true . 
  this does n't occur just in the media sphere either , a lot of people surround themselves with like minded people , so the echo chamber follows them everywhere from the living room to the bar . 
  i guess it is only natural to be with people who think like you , and to surround yourself with people and ideas that reinforce your own beliefs . 
  40 years might be an optimistic timeline to expect decent conversations about politics to occur . 
  maybe 1000 ? 
  yeah i was talking specifically about that quote . 
  i did n't vote for the guy for a lot of the reasons you listed above . 
  but i swear some times a republican would be called a liar and a shill for saying that water is wet . 
  it 's very difficult to break the echo chamber here , and i feel like it has poisoned the water well to such an extant that it 's nearly impossible to have a reasoned conversation when it comes to republicans . 
  i do n't even bother trying most of the time . 
  and he was widely mocked for the horrible reddit crime of speaking while being a republican . 
  do you still live in ukraine ? 
  this must be so bizarre to see war breaking out in your country but have it not be called a war . 
  what 's it like , because i have never witnessed a conflict like this . 
  i can imagine the sense of helplessness to be maddening . 
  i am torn between actually defending fox news , and just letting it go to avoid unnecessary arguments i do n't really want to get into . 
  i think i 'll just let it go . 
  have you ever watched fox , or do you just assume it is because redditors say anything and everything about fox news ? 
  this is a really annoying thing i see europeans do . 
  when it is convenient , these people are french or german , when it is not , they become `` french '' or `` german '' . 
  consider how people here freak out of over issues like extraordinary rendition . 
  when a suspected radical terrorist is taken and imprisoned , there is an uproar over how this can be done to a german citizen . 
  when germany or france feels violated over how these people are treated , they are frenchmen or germans . 
  when protests or riots occur , they become `` frenchmen '' or `` german '' . 
  make up your mind . 
  what exactly are they ? 
  one day they are citizens to be proud of , the next day they go back to being fucking arabs . 
  which one is it ? 
  ideally , infrastructure should serve both purposes . 
  hell , the best type of infrastructure increases efficiency and boosts profits not only for the government , but for businesses as well . 
  in fact , one of the primary purposes of infrastructure should be profit . 
  this insures a return on investment by the government , and boosts future revenue for the government which a ) could lighten the tax burden for the citizenry by creating money elsewhere , and b ) allow the government to fund new infrastructure projects or expand services elsewhere . 
  why would you think infrastructure not generate profit ? 
  if profit off infrastructure is bad , is the reverse true ? 
  infrastructure should generate nothing , and instead be a sink of resources ? 
  i 'm not sure if i should be surprised or not , but from an outsiders perspective it 's baffling that this is still going on . 
  how much longer can the hatred continue ? 
  will it ever end ? 
  dude i do n't care . 
  i 'm drinking a beer and getting ready to go out . 
  i 'm gon na party tonight , not get into a reddit debate . 
  i recognized those words as being english , but i have no idea what the hell you just said . 
  it 's totally the space ship look . 
  i get hard-ons for anything resembling spaceships . 
  i 'm not sure if you know who anthony bourdain is , but was [ this ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/video/shows/anthony-bourdain-parts-unknown/season-2/copenhagen/index.html ) episode mentioned at all in danish media ? 
  that episode was one of my favorites and made me really , * really * want to go to copenhagen . 
  i seriously had to google the emmy thing because it sounded so unbelievable . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  it 's crazy to see how people still jerk themselves off to him after all these years . 
  i would n't be surprised if he gets a bust on mount rushmore before he leaves office . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a president lauded so much for doing so little . 
  when a serious issue comes up , and he dithers and does nothing , his groupees write opinion pieces in major newspapers pointing out how wise and thoughtful he is for not acting . 
  lol , what a joke . 
  he can do no wrong in some peoples ' eyes , including his own . 
  and obama still his some work to do if he wants to catch up to putin and get his first [ superbowl ring ] ( http://www.cbssports.com/nfl/eye-on-football/22429359/patriots-owner-robert-kraft-vladimir-putin-stole-my-super-bowl-ring ) . 
  i love what putin said when he took it also : '' ' i can kill someone with this ring ' '' classic putin . 
  as much as i am annoyed by vigorous 's persistent shilling , this is a good article that demonstrates obama 's attitude toward foreign policy , particularly towards supposed allies . 
  his [ appointments for ambassadors ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/obama-ambassador-nominees-prompt-an-uproar-with-bungled-answers-lack-of-ties/2014/02/14/20fb0fe4-94b2-11e3-83b9-1f024193bb84_story.html ) range from being a joke to an insult to the host country , he sees no problem giving a head of state an e.t. 
  dvd as a gift in exchange for a pen hand carved from a former slave ship , he has no issue giving the queen an ipod full of his speeches ( i think that is the definition of narcissism ) , he seems to think he can ride the euphoria of his first election for 8 years and still be celebrated no matter what he does , and he appears to believe he does not need to foster good relations with allied countries because he is obama god dammit and people will like him regardless . 
  i can not tell if this is arrogance , naivety , stupidity , elitism or what . 
  but he seriously needs to get his head out of his ass . 
  he comes across more as a celebrity than a president , and his nonchalant attitude risks aggravating relations just as much as bush 's brazenness . 
  maybe the office of the president just turns people into dicks , or only dicks want to become president . 
  either way , this is terrible for our reputation . 
  you can milk `` being the leader of the free world '' while angering enemies and allies alike for only so long before people start calling you out as a fraud . 
  what a fucking shame . 
  my opinion : they look fucking awesome . 
  you 've been waiting to say that for a long time , have n't you ? 
  then it looks like politicians are getting out of the way then . 
  i remember reading about the difficulties of getting licenses to export a few years ago , and the reasons oil companies wanted to export was purely economic . 
  with the situation in ukraine , and a resurgent russia , i am guessing their calculus has changed and exporting will be easier now that it has a geopolitical dimension as opposed to being purely an economic dimension for energy companies . 
  if that is the case , i 'm glad to see politicians actually using their heads to do what is right . 
  some people think we 're capable of just flipping a switch and start exporting vast quantities of energy immediately . 
  i 'm glad you understand both the technical difficulties and domestic political nuances . 
  i agree that we should be exporting oil/gas to europe , but it will not be easy , and europe should also probably start looking to domestic sources as well . 
  i think overcoming the politics involved will be more difficult than the technical challenges . 
  this is indeed a scandal . 
  how much do ordinary people get to `` adjust '' when they lose their job ? 
  800 euros for a year or two ?
