  both the brit , and the irish will dismiss you as a fool . 
  quite simply , you are out of your depth , and it 's not your fight . 
  but i guess you 're right , do whatever the fuck you want . 
  but if you 're going to embarass yourself , please do n't do it with an american flair . 
  use a canadian flair . 
  the source of my amusement is watching european and british redditors fling shit at each other over who pays what . 
  especially since most of their comments have nascent hints of patriotism behind it , even though when british and european redditors talk to american redditors , they claim to have no sense of patriotism ... that they are `` above '' that , and patriotism is strictly an american phenomenon ... however when speaking amongst themselves , the gloves come off and thousand year old history is brought up as a source to say `` fuck you '' . 
  as for you : do n't ask for upvotes . 
  it 's pathetic , and you will always get downvoted for it . 
  using british words like `` sarcy cunts '' , and then asking for history lessons while a british and an irish redditor are at each other 's throats is not the best time . 
  then chastising a brit for appreciating his history , when he had nothing to do with it , is silly at best , and a sad attempt to burnish your european ideals and not look like a `` typical american '' at worst . 
  grow a pair . 
  no , but i can raid your comment history and downvote everything i see . 
  i 've been going through this thread with great amusement ... that is , until i come across your comments . 
  they reek pathetic simplicity . 
  can you at least remove your flair ? 
  you 're making every american ashamed . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  stop whoring yourself for upvotes . 
  have you no dignity ? 
  that still happens here in america . 
  even though you only have to walk about ten meters or so to put the cart back , there is always a lazy asshole who just leaves their cart by their car , and then drives away . 
  sometimes if it gets windy , the cart will start moving and ram into someone 's car . 
  but 99 % of the time , it 's not an issue and people put the carts where they belong . 
  how long did it take you to google that statistic so would find a reason to justify your amazement ? 
  my guess is fifteen minutes . 
  plus depositing one euro in a machine that you get back is n't an ingenious method of preventing shopping cart theft . 
  if someone wanted to steal a cart , they would just `` buy '' it for one euro . 
  you find it amazing that people in america just take shopping carts from the front of the grocery store , and put it back when they are done `` amazing '' ? 
  you are very easily amazed . 
  one can only hope so . 
  a pole in every country . 
  it 's the best way to secure your ancestor 's bloodline . 
  i also just realized that my brother in law is half polish , and him and my sister just had a baby . 
  so my nephew is has polish blood him . 
  you guys are taking over the planet . 
  how funny that you mentioned john steinbeck . 
  he is one of my favorite authors . 
  there was another portugeese redditor , lokarn , who was giving advice on not to listen to other portugeese emigrants talking about all of the amazing jobs you can get and how much money you will earn . 
  it immidiately reminded my of the okies in grapes of wrath , dreaming of a utopian life in california , only to realize that they had been decieved after they got there . 
  by the way , where is your home country ? 
  you have mentioned it a few times and i am curious . 
  if you are not comfortable divulging such information i understand . 
  where exactly * have n't * poles emigrated to ? 
  i 'm just gon na make a guess here and say it is probably because america has never had a history of mass emigration , which implies a permanent move . 
  ex-pats are usually thought of as americans who move for personal reasons , and their move is probably temporary . 
  even if they move for a decade or two , i am guessing a lot of these people eventually move back to america at some point . 
  although i could be very wrong . 
  also , in case you did n't know , the `` pat '' part comes from the word [ expatriate ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/expatriate ) . 
  that 's really sad . 
  i guess here in america your perception gets distorted because the recession is effectively over , and their is much more optimism than pessimism , and you tend to assume that trend is world wide . 
  it sounds like portugal still has n't hit rock bottom . 
  i can only imagine how depressing that feels . 
  hopefully you are n't graduating for a few more years . 
  it 's always a good thing when you can wait out a recession from the confines on a university . 
  i graduated from college in 2009 , the depths of the recession here in the states . 
  that was not a good time to graduate . 
  luckily , things are a lot better now . 
  but when you 're applying for jobs in a tough job market and your resume says `` none '' under the years of experience column ... needless to say it was pretty shitty . 
  fuck man , it sounds like all of those problems are heavily institutionalized . 
  there are rarely any quick , easy solutions to overcome issues that are so integrated into the system . 
  that sounds pretty damn bleak . 
  thank you for your candid response . 
  i hope everything works out for you , and hopefully you do n't have to move from your children . 
  if you do n't mind my intrusiveness , where did you go ? 
  ( by the way , that wikipedia link you posted about education in portugal was very insightful , it is very unfortunate that your country has been affected so badly by this recession ) . 
  discerning redditors , can you provide cb43569 with the definition of the noun '' [ hyperbole ] ( http://m.dictionary.com/d/?q=hyperbole ) '' ? 
  that 's what i want to know . 
  other than some adviser who mentioned something about the issue the other day , i have never heard anything from obama about the issue . 
  at least in america , the whole fight between the uk and the eu is n't even really covered , and if it is i have never seen anyone talk about what outcome would be best for america . 
  i 'm pretty sure 99 % of america is neutral regarding this . 
  maybe they just mentioned obama to make it seem like some sort of epic struggle between world powers ? 
  i do n't really know , it 's silly . 
  i especially liked the `` legalize it '' , `` old people '' and '' ??? '' . 
  those were about as accurate as you can get . 
  not really . 
  that is suspiciously accurate . 
  the state labeled `` not sure what 's here , maybe should be red '' is the state where i am from . 
  it is definitely red ( it 's also called arizona , and is probably the most kick ass place on the planet ) . 
  and the region you have labeled `` information missing here '' is also still unknow . 
  i have never heard of anyone travelling there . 
  it 's very existence is only speculation and rumor . 
  those who question what is there , usually disappear . 
  it 's best just to forget about it . 
  your knowledge of america 's regions are surprisingly accurate . 
  are you american ? 
  oh god , that 's terrible . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're in such a situation . 
  why would you have to leave your kids behind though ? 
  thank you for the response . 
  it just seemed like the timing , and magnitude of the fine ( relative to the other countries mentioned in the first article ) had a vindictive feel to it . 
  then again , i am sitting comfortably in my home in michigan and really do n't have any idea about the evolution of events that led to the fine in the first place , so i guess i should n't be speculating about such things . 
  that seems very tragic . 
  where does that leave you ? 
  what is your situation like ? 
  are you staying or leaving ? 
  do you see your own future in portugal ? 
  `` which appears to largely centre on the seperation of gas pipelines and electricity networks from the business of providing gas for generating power '' three questions : 1 ) are they already seperate , and want them to merge ? 
  or are they merged now , and want to be seperate ? 
  it seems like those go hand in hand , what is the reasoning behind seperating them if that is the problem ?
