   but you can have a penis and be a girl no . 
  you quite literally can not . 
  by definition , you are a boy of you have a penis . 
  you can identify as one because you have a mental disorder , but that does n't make you a girl . 
  but they have been lied to . 
  they have been indoctrinated . 
  whether you are a boy or a girl is defined by your sex , not what one thinks they are . 
  what someone thinks is completely immaterial to anatomical facts . 
  no you ca n't . 
  if i identify as a puppy , that does not make it so . 
  i ca n't believe this needs to be explained to people, 
  how is that logic flawed ? 
  how could a book be transphobic if the concept of gender is never even mentioned . 
  literally every book that specifically does not mention gender is then transphobic . 
  the only brainwashing occurring is suggesting someone with a penis can be anything other than a boy / man . 
  they are n't the ones doing the brainwashing, 
  how does it promote transphobia when that concept did n't exist anywhere until like 5 years ago, 
  how is that hate speech ? 
  the message on that bus was a biological , anatomical fact . 
  is anatomy considered hate speech now ? 
   on jan. 14 , six days before mr. trump 's inauguration , a train painted in the colours of the serbian flag -- featuring the slogan `` kosovo is serbia '' in 21 languages -- departed belgrade toward mitrovica . 
  the kosovo government , which says it received no advance notice about the train , responded by sending at least seven armoured personnel carriers with ethnic albanian special-forces troops into the north , badly jangling nerves in the region . 
   in a statement that recalled the bad old days of the 1990s , serbian president , tomislav nikolic , replied with a warning that `` i will go to war , as well as my sons , '' if ethnic serbs were harmed by kosovo 's forces , which withdrew south of the ibar once the train was halted on the serbian side of the border . 
  is this sort of brinkmanship normal for the balkans ( i mean in the last decade or so ) , or are these recent developments ? 
  i know the situation there is always somewhat tense , but this article suggests the atmosphere over there is deteriorating quickly . 
  anyone from former yugoslav countries care to weigh in on this, 
  hmmm ... 
  they will probably leave it . 
  is there a way your country can add a few hundred million more people to it 's population so it can compete ? 
   but nick witney of the european council on foreign relations suggests merkel and her french counterpart francois hollandemay be too distracted by election campaigns and domestic challenges to put the necessary time into ukraine . 
  ...  it 's a bit of a poker game with the new trump administration , '' witney said . 
  `` no one knows what will happen in the end . 
  with regard to sanctions : if trump lifts them , the eu will not be able to hold on to them . 
  we got used to the idea that the eu should control its neighborhood , ** but we are in fact rather powerless and in the hands of trump and [ russian president vladimir ] putin . 
  ** what we can and should do is not ease an inch and hold our policy line . '', 
  i always find it strange when the eu finds itself powerless in situations like this , as of it sees itself as a minnow in a pond surrounded by sharks . 
  the eu has a larger population than america and russia combined , with an enormous economy dwarfing that of russia 's . 
  it is also directly bordering ukraine while america is on the other side of the world . 
  how is europe powerless in this situation ? 
  i get it has other issues to deal with at the moment , but so too do those other powers . 
  it 's crazy . 
  that boat was a bit of a slut, 
  i doubt anyone on this sub is remotely qualified to give you an answer to that question . 
  the protocols behind launching a nuclear weapon is n't exactly public knowledge . 
  any answer you get to this question will be mostly speculation . 
  yeah i see that all the time in that sub . 
  i moved to chicago a few months ago and started really following that sub after i moved here . 
  a lot of people seem to shrug their shoulders when it comes to the daily `` 5 year old shot in the head '' article that gets posted . 
  i guess a lot of people in chicago are born and raised here , and do n't really realize the magnitude of the problem in this city . 
  it 's crazy, 
  there really is no `` solution '' to the problem . 
  managing and mitigating the problem is the best , most realistic `` solution '' . 
  it 's really fucked up and tragic , but that is reality . 
  countless government programs have been invoked . 
  countless people have dedicated their entire careers to finding solutions . 
  the best one can hope for is incremental change over generations . 
  lol you are so naive . 
  all those things already exist . 
  there are countless programs directed at solving crime in black neighborhoods . 
  sprinkling magical education and health care pixie dust barely mitigates the issue . 
  it 's primarily a cultural issue , which ca n't be solved with `` social security '' . 
  trump also consistently calls out chicago and has recently hinted at sending on the national guard into the city to fix it . 
  trump shit talks everyone . 
  i do n't see why he ca n't invoke sweden 's issues with immigration because chicago has crime issues with inner city blacks . 
  those issues are utterly unrelated to each other . 
  why even bother comparing it to another country ? 
  swedes should simply be comparing their crime statistics to before and after mass immigration . 
  this is so dumb . 
  it would be like if america compared itself to honduras , then said `` we are better than x country , therefore everything is fine '' . 
  nope . 
  never heard of it . 
  but i certainly would try it . 
  i embrace all pizza toppings, 
  that should be perfectly natural honestly . 
  lots of poor countries have huge populations . 
  no real reason why countries like nigeria , indonesia , mexico etc. . . should n't be ranked higher than european countries considering they have populations of over 100 million . 
  european countries will probably still have higher living standards . 
  no shame in other countries with much larger populations having larger economies than european countries . 
  same applies to my country as well . 
  one day india will have a larger economy than america simply because they have a billion more people . 
  again , no shame in that . 
  this was actually one of the most thoughtful , hysteria free articles i have seen regarding trump , america , and europe in a long time . 
  too many points were made to go through them , but anyone who wants to actually read something that will make you think instead of reading something that will provoke an emotional response such as outrage should take some time to read that article, 
  i totally agree . 
  it 's so stupid . 
  i do n't care at all what our politicians are wearing in other countries . 
  i only care about what they are accomplishing . 
  and i do n't consider publicly stunts much of an accomplishment . 
   yes , it 's international diplomacy it 's not about fucking values . 
  if you can strike a nuclear deal with iran or solve the israel/palestine conflict wear ten fucking headscarfs and a clown costume , i do n't care . 
  lol . 
  could you imagine one of those deals falling through because of a piece of cloth ? 
  i agree , we should be more concerned with brokering deals with other countries about important matters instead of finding opportunities to throw your values in other people 's faces . 
  not sure what good came out of walking out of that meeting other than showing people how important wearing a head scarf to you is . 
  i 'd dress like a fucking monkey or a clown if that is what diplomatic protocol called for, 
  honestly , neither can i. 
  it seems like it 's a matter of principle for some people . 
  to me , it 's just a scarf you put over your head . 
  if that is all you need to do to show respect in a foreign country , that is n't asking a lot at all, 
  fuck you and your favorite topping !,
