  one of the largest forest fires in my state 's history ( arizona ) was set by a guy who wanted to become a firefighter . 
  he went to prison instead . 
  chill out . 
  it was just a joke . 
  if you 're a fire fighter , and you 're worried about your job security , start burning shit down . 
  this is actually a genius idea . 
  i think these guys are on to something . 
  just out of curiosity , are you a middle aged woman ? 
  i have never seen a map of horvats before . 
  i did n't even think that a map like that would exist . 
  i have learned more about my surname from this penis thread than from any other source in my life . 
  how would i sound like i 'm neither ? 
  i 'm third/fourth generation american . 
  pretty much any connection to your heritage gets diluted to the point of being non existent after that many generations . 
  that is my bloodline though , but obviously nothing cultural remains from those two countries . 
  that was very informative . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i did n't expect to learn about the history of my surname in a thread about penis sizes . 
  this is why i love reddit !, 
  maybe there is more to this word than i thought . 
  there are plenty of people who are hungarian who 's last name is horvath . 
  at least my last name is horvath and my grandfather is hungarian . 
  but i guess i do n't really know too much about that region . 
  does `` horvath '' mean something other than a last name/surname ? 
  i wonder if this penis size here refers to an erect penis or a flaccid penis ? 
  i hope it refers to an erect penis because then i 'm in business . 
  i wonder if my irish fore fathers would be proud to know that i exceed the average of those miserable bastards that stayed on that island ? 
  maybe it 's something in the water over here ? 
  either way , i think the new slogan for my country should be `` come to america , and you 'll gain an inch ( 2.54 cm ) '' . 
  edit : god dammit !, 
  i just checked the numbers for hungary and it looks like i lost a lot of ground there . 
  those fuckers are huge !, 
  i have let down all my fellow horvaths . 
  that lousy irish blood is ruining everything !, 
  ( if anyone is confused , i 'm irish and hungarian ) . 
  you do n't understand the dorner protectionism because you seem to have a brain and you actually seem to use it . 
  the individual who you are debating seems to be woefully unskilled with thinking . 
  it 's okay . 
  reddit seems to have a retard ratio of well over fifty percent . 
  just try and keep that in mind when these types of conversations come up . 
  come on ... 99.9999 % of people assume you are talking about the prc when you say `` china '' . 
  being that you spend half your time on reddit proclaiming to anyone who will pay attention to you how evil ameri ** kkk ** a is , i highly doubt you have any friends , american or otherwise . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i can see why that would be a concern and i see why the eu moved to prevent that . 
  it still seems a little silly though . 
  how pervasive is the problem of using shit oil instead of legitimate olive oil ? 
  i doubt it 's that pervasive , and i doubt that many restaurants pull that shit . 
  i understand the eu 's position a little better now , but i still do n't agree with it . 
  it seems like they are taking this a little too far . 
  this my friends , is why people hate the government . 
  thet are put in power to govern , and end up telling people how they should consume olive oil . 
  how petty and ridiculous can you be ? 
  surely there are better things to do with your time than pass legislation dictating how a restaurant should serve its god damn olive oil . 
  ticks and leeches , that 's pretty much all a government is . 
  sounds like the type of complicated political landscape that exists in most countries . 
  difficult to understand everything if your a local , but virtually impossible for an outsider to grasp all the nuances . 
  let 's just leave it at `` it 's complicated '' . 
  yeah it seems like different people from the uk give different reactions to being associated as european . 
  i wonder if that difference in opinion is represented via political parties ? 
  as in , if someone from the uk associates themselves as european or definitely not european , are they more likely to vote for a certain party ? 
  from the outside it seems like that association is fiercely contested . 
  do you mind when americans lump the uk into europe ? 
  you guys seem to associate/disassociate yourselves with europe at your own convenience . 
  it can be confusing to outsiders . 
  but the usa is the only country to have the word `` america '' in its same . 
  so calling it `` america '' can be viewed as just calling it by its short hand name . 
  do you call china `` the people 's republic of china '' or just `` china '' ? 
  i do n't think when americans use the word `` america '' , we are trying to lay claim to the entire continent . 
  but you should know that perfectly well since you are an american . 
  of all the images to use to highlight the differences in europe ... you come up with this ? 
  really ? 
  you could find the same range of reactions within most cities let alone across countries . 
  hell , a map of europe that showed that indeed , europe has many countries would be more simple and effective . 
  in fact , telling your american friends `` you 're fucking idiots '' is all you need to do . 
  no need to illustrate this point by showing a picture of different reactions to two broads kissing each other . 
  you can always tell in this subreddit who is making the most sense by the amount of down votes they attract . 
  i completely agree with everything you are saying . 
  and to add to your point , it always baffles me generous people are with other peoples ' money . 
  if people want to enjoy a richer culture , why are n't the patrons of those arts raising their own funds for the subsidy ? 
  why must everyone pay because you like your niche art ? 
  hey man , i did n't really even mean that . 
  it actually took me a minute or two to even post that comment . 
  i was just being an asshole . 
  honestly that 's really cool to hear that you guys are pulling through together . 
  you guys are in some tough times , and it 's a testament to your character that you have n't descended into chaos already . 
  thank god for the `` potato movement '' . 
  for a second there i thought greece was fucked . 
  i know i am way late to this conversation , but [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21576410-bank-secrecy-dying-europethanks-mainly-america-flying-taxman ) is a little further information from the economist regarding the role the us is playing combatting tax evasion and how it relates to the eu . 
  basically , the us is forcing financial institutions to reveal the details of its american clients , or face a 30 % levy on all income earned in the us . 
  but at the same time , it will share all details of foreign clients ' assets to their respective governments . 
  it seems pretty reasonable and fair to both sides . 
  anyway , the article details how european countries are responding to this . 
  it 's pretty interesting if you want to learn more about the situation . 
  i hear there 's about a 1000 jobs in the garment industry that have recently become available in bangladesh  . 
  perhaps some greeks should apply . 
  hmmm ... that changes things . 
  maybe he is an elaborate troll . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's finnish . 
  i highly doubt his trolling is that elaborate where he 's actually a german troll going undercover as a finnish troll, 
  it 's in their blood .
