  do n't be surprised when people remember you acting like a total fucking dick , because you do it on a regular basis . 
  sure . 
  you can despise whoever you want . 
  nothing is stopping you . 
  heck , add more countries to the list if you feel so inclined . 
  interesting . 
  i would take stratfor 's opinion over any other opinion of any media outlet out there . 
  i think they have the most credible insight by far over any other media outlet i have come across ... but to each their own i guess . 
  my country does n't even bother pretending to have the best animal welfare rights . 
  this also seems like an obscure thing to brag about . 
  i do n't really care how cows are treated before they are tossed into the meat grinder . 
  damn ... i have been thinking of deportations the wrong way this entire time . 
  now i wan na go to siberia . 
  does russia provide free transportation from the us ? 
  american qe has also benefited europe in other ways though . 
  many european banks with branches in america hoovered up money and repatriated that money to their european headquarters , and also dumped their toxic debt onto the federal reserves balance sheet . 
  so the strengthening of a number of european banks ' balance sheets owed quite a bit to the qe done in america . 
  but you are right , it did devalue the dollar . 
  so the net effect on europe is pretty complicated ( i do n't really know if it was a net positive or net negative though , that would get into some complicated economics that is beyond me ) . 
  you are now, 
  damn ... 
  i did n't even think about that ... out smarting the wall . 
  that 's genius . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  thousands of guys will now find those walls and piss on them just to see what happens ... and thousands more will piss on those walls just because they were told not to . 
  never tell a man he ca n't piss somewhere . 
  he will piss there out of principal . 
  hey !, 
  the frenchies waved the same flag to the same damn rice farmers . 
  those little guys were scrappy . 
  i do n't have a good answer to your question . 
  i saw exactly what was advertised . 
  i 'm surprised i was surprised . 
  i have never seen a gypsy in my life . 
  as they should be . 
  we knocked over their wigwams and built skyscrapers in their place . 
  hey man !, 
  i grew up right next to a rez . 
  it was actually quite nice . 
  most of it looks like [ this ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3094/3183521799_f7440b0e58.jpg ) , and [ this ] ( http://www.fountainhillsguide.com/images/attractions/mcdowellmountainsfromscenictrail.jpg ) , and [ this ] ( http://www.fountainhillsguide.com/images/attractions/fmrcradissonhotelhw.jpg ) ... ok , those are the nice pictures of the casino and the surrounding deserts . 
  but most of that rez looks like [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@33.604727,-111.695768,3a,75y,71.48h,72.99t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s4peo01n0gswlygm1a_zbea!2e0 ) . 
  you have now probably seen your very first indian reservation !, 
  fyi : that is a nice rez by indian standards . 
  it 's flush with casino money . 
  i do n't know what i was expecting when i clicked on that link . 
  that 's not true . 
  we learned to ridicule france from the british . 
  we just adopted their habits . 
  yes . 
  it 's a picture of detroit . 
  is that the black hand that gavrilo princip made famous ? 
  do you even [ hohokam ] ( http://www.ct-graphics.com/images/galleries/architecture/large/manitou_cliff_dwellings_3371.jpg ) bro ? 
  france . 
  because german porn is terrifying . 
  where are the gypsies ? 
  should n't that flag be all white ? 
  i 'll go with number 4 . 
  but if they are heading to a party , they look lost . 
  i hope they get phone service out there , because they 're going to need a taxi if they want to get to that party any time soon . 
  i hope there are beers in jesus ' backpack , otherwise its gon na be looong walk . 
  sorry , i try not to argue with sensationalists . 
  i 've seen that look before ... he 's asking that nazi for a cigarette or bus fare so he can `` go back home '' . 
  its crazy to think that even a nazi uniform does not prevent a bum from begging for something . 
  sorry , is the correct way of saying that `` austrian dialect of german '' or something ? 
  not sure what i did wrong there . 
  same as arnold schwarzenegger ... 
  he has a very thick accent when he speaks english , but i guess he can barely speak austrian anymore . 
  so they are combining all three of their airplanes together ? 
  you 're right . 
  i do n't know why you 're spinning that as a bad thing . 
  i have no idea how you came to that conclusion from reading my comment . 
  you know 100 % of all americans ? 
  fascinating . 
  how long did it take you to meet them all ? 
  but windsor is a suburb of detroit . 
  yes . 
  i used to own one . 
  they kinda suck though , you have to keep your head perfectly still while the beers are full otherwise you will spill all over yourself . 
  they are mostly a novelty item . 
  whoa !, 
  your games are way cooler than ours !, 
  i 've never seen firefighters shooting water into the stands to put out fires and put down people . 
  i must go to a football game in europe now . 
  but maybe alcohol would make friends out of enemies ? 
  has that approach been tried yet ? 
  totally agree . 
  warfare/politics has been the engine of human history ever since a caveman sharpened a spear to defend or take some hunting grounds . 
  it has always been that way , it will always be that way . 
  pretending like it is not so , based on a few decades of ( relative ) peace , is dangerous and delusional . 
  i do n't understand why our demographic thinks that our age is somehow different than all others . 
  that is simply a combination of ignorance and arrogance . 
  and to think we have spent the better part of the last 20 years denigrating those who serve in the military and intelligence service . 
  how many competent people eschewed those services because they were looked down upon ? 
  those who spit on the agencies tasked with protecting them will be the first to cry about their inability to do so when shit hits the fan . 
  i always wondered why people would watch soccer/football over hockey . 
  the sports have the same premise ( get an object into the net ) , but one has is faster , is one ice , has fights , and the players are tough ... the other sport involves tons of falling on the ground like a pussy . 
  i just ca n't imagine a hockey player getting any respect from his teammates or the fans if he rolled around on the ground pretending to be hurt every time someone bumped into him . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  depends on how much i 'm drinking i guess . 
  but i could hold it for 45 minutes if i had to .
