  but they took my metadata ... do european countries not consider that `` persecution '' ? 
  hmmm ... this welfare system is stricter than i was hoping . 
  so i guess my dream of mooching off of a wealthy nordic country while i traveled the world with their money is just that ... a dream . 
  i guess they also would n't believe any sob stories i told them about being persecuted , would they ? 
  what if i tried the `` nsa is taking my liberties '' route and claim asylum status ... is it possible to claim asylum in a european country if you 're from america ? 
  well europe already submits to us . 
  so if russia submits to europe , by extension they would be submitting to us . 
  it 's just a more subtle form of global domination if other countries submit to our subordinates . 
  that 's cool . 
  if that is the case , then surely you would n't mind telling me what country you are from ? 
  just kneel before the glorious and enlightened europeans and everything will be fine . 
  is that so hard to ask ? 
  what glorious and mighty country do you hail from if you consider russian culture and science to be `` puny '' ? 
   russia brings nothing good to this world . 
  but they put our astronauts in space for us . 
  does that not count as something good ? 
  what about dash cam videos ? 
  everyone likes those . 
  indeed it is disappointing . 
  what would their mothers think if they knew they were using such foul language ? 
  why should the conqueror learn the language of the conquered ? 
  that 's not very nice of them to say those things . 
  they needed connections just to get food ? 
  are you talking about luxury food items or basic stuff like bread and butter ? 
  sorry if that 's a silly question . 
  i thought someone would need connections to get a car or something , not food . 
  it looks like there 's quite a bit of people in that store , but no food . 
  why are they even in that store if there is nothing to buy ? 
  those pictures were really cool . 
  i especially liked [ this ] ( http://i54.photobucket.com/albums/g117/ohyouresofunny/img_6170.jpg ) . 
  i have a question though about the gypsies in your pictures though . 
  i thought non-gypsies could n't get into gyspy camps yet there are several pictures there from inside a gypsy camp . 
  can anyone go into a gypsy camp ? 
   how my family was obtaining food is a different matter . 
  go on . 
  how did they obtain food ? 
  but would it kill you send us a card on the holidays ? 
  that 's all we ask :(, 
  maybe we should n't . 
  it 's a crazy concept but it 's worth trying out . 
  what 's with the comments ? 
  why ca n't people from the balkans just be nice to each other :(, 
  wow . 
  that 's a pretty alarming read . 
  sweden seems to be committing slow motion suicide for the sole reason of appearing `` progressive '' . 
  not only is the excessive taxation going to become a problem , but their approach towards housing seems very poorly thought out . 
  by building blocks of housing for immigrants , they are committing a well known mistake that many other countries have done in the past ( including my own ) : they are foolishly concentrating poverty . 
  concentrating immigrants in one area means concentrating crime and impoverishment . 
  this pushes businesses and middle class families away from these areas which exacerbates the problem . 
  neighborhoods deteriorate as jobs move farther away along with productive , prosperous people leaving behind an economic desert . 
  it makes government services more difficult to operate in those areas as well when police officers , fire fighters , and ambulance drivers no longer feel safe going to those areas . 
  that 's the crazy thing about sweden 's approach . 
  that strategy is a well known failure with a litany of examples in numerous other countries . 
  hubris or naivete can be the only explanation for how sweden is handling this mass immigration of refugees with a very foreign background . 
  it is borderline insanity . 
  ha ha . 
  you 're not exactly making yourself look good here . 
  basilect is right . 
  no one has ever heard of the groups you just mentioned . 
  oh ... i wish you would have seen my comment and responded earlier . 
  i wasted too much time trying to figure that out . 
  gayregional ... that 's just retarded . 
  so the word `` gay '' in `` gayregional '' does n't have anything to do with the english word `` gay '' ? 
  sorry , that gay part is just throwing me off . 
   gayregional what does that even mean ? 
  oh yeah , the 90 's sure were a hilarious time for the balkans . 
  they took slapstick comedy to a whole different level . 
  that would make more sense . 
  his comment was n't exactly clear . 
  you 're probably right though . 
   here is an advantage for british natives to be in contact with the best and smartest the rest of the world has to offer . 
  who says these immigrant kids from war torn , backwards countries are the `` best and smartest '' the world has to offer ? 
  are you serious ? 
  unless you 're greek of course . 
  greek children are both conceived and born with that movie playing in the background . 
   latvian-estonian political differences have been apparent since the fall of the soviet union , with latvia accusing estonia of repressing its latvian minority , which numbers a healthy 1,716 . 
  maybe they saw how successful russia has been in taking crimea and parts of ukraine . 
  part of me actually thinks it would be funny to see a war between latvia and estonia . 
  it would be like a real life rendition of a cripple fight . 
  whatever you do , do n't ask angela merkel . 
  she 's a cheap bitch and always says no . 
  a bunch . 
  it 's me !, 
  now where 's my money ? 
  just out of curiosity , why is there such a huge amount of disdain towards religious people in europe ? 
  i used to kinda be the same way and saw religious people as backwards in my younger days . 
  but since then i actually went out of my way to talk them and found these `` religious fanatics '' to be the nicest , most generous , courteous people i know . 
  it seems disliking religious people , and viewing them as inherently inferior is a near universal opinion over there . 
  but i gladly have them in my life and do not equate being religious as negative in any way whatsoever . 
  quite the contrary actually . 
  how long have you been frequenting this sub ? 
  it 's always been this way ( or at least it has been for the last 2-3 years since i started coming here regularly ) . 
  at least from my end , i do n't really have a problem with anyone that says `` no '' as long as it is for actual reasons . 
  for instance , there are people saying `` no , i do n't want to be away from friends/family '' or `` no i have a good job '' or `` no , i like the history/culture here '' or `` no , i i would miss the public transport '' . 
  the replies that are getting butthurt responses ( including my mine ) are the replies along the lines of `` no , you guys think poor people are scum '' or `` no , everyone tries to stab each other in the back '' or `` no , you guys are literally hitler to minorities '' . 
  the latter group of responses seem sensationalist , and do not really reflect reality here so it 's a weird reason not to want to move here . 
  the first group of replies are entirely normal reasons not to want to move elsewhere so there is n't really a reason to whine and cry about those reasons . 
  well if i am going to get on your shit list i 'd rather be on there for something cool sounding like `` worldwide imperialism '' then `` stealing , dirtying up the streets '' . 
  it 's actually kinda flattering as opposed to insulting . 
  how so ?
