  there 's nothing that makes me happy . 
  i 'm living just to live '' . 
  sure brought some perspective to my day . 
  it 's good to remember that there are those who are far worse off than you . 
  you should tell all of your friends that this violence thing in school is confirmed . 
  tell people you talked to an american , who was the only person in his school not to go to prison or get killed in gang violence . 
  evil schools in the us teach teenagers all about dealing drugs , operating fire arms , and robbing people . 
  perpetuate stereotypes . 
  first point yes . 
  second point ... not so much . 
  there were n't wars in the streets where the national guard had to put down an insurrection . 
  maybe i 'm getting a different mental image than you . 
  looting yes . 
  some violence ... yes . 
  but not street by street warfare . 
  i did n't see anything in those sources that mentioned schools teaching the young how to be successful by using all sorts of violence . 
  i am not sure if you meant that they learned that shit in the juvenile detention centers where a lot of them ended up . 
  however , either way its shitty , and i do n't really want to get into a debate about that degree of shittiness . 
  not to mention it 's a constituional ammendment . 
  i am no constitutional scholar , but i believe to repeal an ammendment requires 75 % approval in the house and senate , and also requires all fifty states to agree . 
  i am sure you can imagine the possibility of that actually happening . 
  i think this is the most sensable thing i have come across in this thread . 
  assualt rifles have been banned in the past , they can be banned again . 
  a lot of people think this way . 
  then some idiots say `` if they ban assault rifles , what next ? 
  are they gon na come for my hand gun ? '', 
  the actual odd thing about that statement is there are more restrictions on acquiring hand guns then assault rifles . 
  i could head to the nearest gun store and buy an ar15 no questions asked . 
  i could not buy a hand gun because i am not a resident of the state i am living in because i just moved here . 
  the idea with that is , it 's easier to conceal a hand gun if you are up to trouble . 
  you ca n't really carry an assault rifle and not be noticed . 
  where do you get your news from ? 
  or do you just cherry pick sources that depict american streets as terrifying battle grounds ? 
  what is an evil school ? 
  i 've spent a few hours at charles de gaulle airport . 
  it was really disappointing to find out that france was mostly chairs and airplanes . 
  all hail !, 
  pope of reddit !, 
  and it will continue to be chaotic . 
  i 'm pretty much 75 % irish , and only 25 % hungarian , and yet my name and the name i will pass will be a hungarian/croatian one . 
  because assad is a total jerk . 
  trust me , i interned at the cia 's propaganda department . 
  i was let go though because my propaganda was rarely convincing . 
  that 's an interesting list of common hungarian names . 
  my last name is horvath . 
  my great-grandfather was an immigrant from hungary . 
  i had no idea it was relatively common last name , or that it was croatian in origin . 
  you learn something new everyday on reddit . 
  thanks for responding to my question with such depth . 
  i hope you are using a computer . 
  i only use my mobile phone and that would have taken eons to type out . 
  anyhow , you do n't have to do much convincing or explaining to me about the impact auto companies have on employment . 
  virtually everything you said echoes what happened on my side of the atlantic in terms of the spector of the auto collapse and subsequent bailouts . 
  i also just moved to the detroit area for a job that supports the auto industry . 
  hell most jobs here seem to directly/indirectly related to the auto industry . 
  perhaps zerohedge would have said three years ago that americans would be selling their children 's organs for money after we had an auto industry and a financial industry get bailed out . 
  i guess every organization has their niche in their industry , and theirs is being prophets of doom and gloom . 
  i guess they are not the first to make profits out of prophecies of the end of times . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  i guess i should have noticed that the numbers on the chart on the right added up to 100 % ... and every other pie chart i 've ever seen adds up to 100 . 
  oh well , you ca n't win 'em all . 
  by the way , i 've seen people critique zero hedge a lot on / r/europe . 
  i get that one dude was busted for some scandelous trading or whatever , but the sources always seem to check out , and other articles seem to give similar numbers . 
  so what 's with the disdain ? 
  i hate when i look at a chart and i am not exactly sure what it 's showing , and the title of the chart says it needs no explanation . 
  that hurts the ego . 
  i guess it is the right hand side that was confusing me . 
  do auto sales within europe really only constitute less than ten percent of the total sales for fiat and renault ? 
  i would have guessed that the european market made up the majority of sales for a european car company . 
  where the fuck else are they selling their cars ? 
  bmw 6.2 % . 
  fiat 6.5 % . 
  maybe the only reason why these companies did n't need a buy out is because their market share is so low in europe ? 
  i do n't think that link worked . 
  all i saw was this : dhtrke que rticd rtifhujwesd cduedb dcu eueueue udu eu zu eueu . 
  til speaking loudly does not affect comprehension . 
  it works with old people , why not people who 's first language is n't english ? 
  you tell 'em !, 
  why is n't the swedish woman wearing a burqa ? 
  honestly , i wish it was that easy . 
  i 'd totally do it . 
  chomsky is a douche . 
  the guy got famous for his on linguistics and now thinks everyone should listen to his views on foreign policy . 
  wow ... who gives a shit . 
  well nobody here would care even if we won gold five times . 
  might as well be like winning a medal for knitting a nice scarf . 
  but nobody gives a shit about soccer here . 
  how is that even relevant ? 
  it 's hilarious that you guys celebrate bronze medals . 
  we throw those in the trash can . 
  just out of curiosity , when did you move to the us ? 
  when you were young or did you move here as an adult ? 
  but you 're american ... how do you speak other languages ? 
   it is certainly not any kind of german efficiency , that 's sure . 
  evidently , it is . 
   it basically was covering up a cost saving measure , which seems very much en vogue with the current american-sprung trends not sure where you got that . 
  this is more reminiscent of emerging market-sprung trends . 
  so a german company cheating is now `` american style '' . 
  god forbid the germans take ownership of their own issues . 
  no , it 's not that it just goes against my opinion .
