   if you dont want russia gaining massive influence over europe ( trust me you americans dont want this ) then you are going to have to sell us oil and gas . 
  this is n't as easy as it sounds for several reasons . 
  first , it is currently illegal to export oil/gas outside of the us . 
  there are only a few exceptions to this , and exceptions have to be passed through congress . 
  there are some movements to change this , but even if this ban gets overturned , it would be 5 years at least before they could begin to export oil and gas . 
  there are only two terminals capable of doing this , and they are under construction . 
  the approvals , licences , and permits required to even begin construction take years . 
  construction of the facilities themselves take several years longer , and there is no reason to expect us oil/gas to be cheaper than russian gas , especially after liquification and transportation costs are factored in . 
  there are other domestic challenges too . 
  american manufacturing is currently undergoing a resurgence , and this is due almost entirely the surge in cheap fuel generated from fracking , a process widely derided in europe . 
  people in the us are going to be wondering why we should lose our energy advantage in manufacturing to sell oil and gas that was procured through a process that is heavily mocked in europe . 
  european press constantly insults the us when it comes to fracking , and suggests we care little for our environment compared to the noble europeans . 
  this does n't go over very well back in america . 
  europe has oil and gas that can be tapped if they adopt fracking techniques , but europe has so far refused to ( not only to popular opposition , but also because europe 's geology is different than the us 's , and is much harder to extract at profitable levels ) . 
  also , these wells deplete quickly compared to conventional ones , and exporting this oil and gas will severely curtail the amount of oil and gas that can be consumed for domestic purposes . 
  tl ; dr : it ai n't that easy to export oil/gas to europe for a litany of reasons . 
  unless that process of registration can be done very quickly , i would be turned off as a driver going through germany more by the time taken to acquire the registration , then the cost itself . 
  i thought the eu/ez was created to reduce barriers to movement like this ? 
  if every country pursues similar measures , cross country driving while be seriously hampered . 
  that would almost be like if i need a new license plate for every state i wanted to drive through . 
  i would never leave my state because it would be such a pain the ass . 
  do you think politics should seep into every domain then ? 
  we have seen it with the olympics . 
  we see it in astronomy . 
  should politics poison the water well of every domain in which we interact ? 
  should it poison the interactions between you and me . 
  should i detest russian redditors because of geopolitics ? 
  yeah it 's definitely unprofessional . 
  it 's more reminiscent of a teenager trying to make a statement . 
  nah i 'll be half hour outside waco . 
  my brother lives on county land not associated with any city . 
  i 've driven through texarkana before . 
  only place i 've ever been to that sold those rapper grills that you put on your teeth in a gas station . 
  texarkana was ... interesting . 
  regardless , i know i got a brisket waiting for me . 
  along with a few bottles of whiskey , a couple cases of shiner , and a god damn arsenal to have fun with . 
  it should be good times . 
  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  and this country really dislikes you . 
  happy fourth of july you edgy , rebellious , self loathing patriot in denial , 
  i hope that video haunts that kid for a lifetime . 
  ouch . 
  that was awful . 
  i 'll be going to rural texas for fourth of july . 
  i 'm expecting the finest demonstration of american patriotism one could find in this beautiful country . 
  will i be in for a disappointment ? 
   no , it 's a sense of entitlement that europeans have it 's the only sense they have : b, 
  david attenborough and david gilmour ... the two best david 's in the world , and making my namesake proud !, 
  i think that 's the first time i 've made a comment that was correct when i posted it , but would have been incorrect if i had waited one day . 
  okay , but that is n't exactly clear especially in the context of this thread , and leading off with the statement `` in no way would america be better off '' . 
  i 'm probably not the only one that thought you were referring to america when you mentioned the millions of deaths . 
  yeah , but i guess i never understood that argument . 
  accusing us of showing up late to a senseless war in europe . 
  of course we showed up late . 
  but we could have never showed up at all . 
  it was a war in europe , not in the americas . 
  it had nothing to do with us until we got attacked . 
  sigh , there 's no pleasing some people . 
  why in god 's name would america send its troops to europe , to fight in another bloody european war , which was largely irrelevant to us at that point , and was an ocean away ? 
  so are you suggesting that the moment german tanks rolled into poland we should have sent millions of our sons to die in europe ? 
  why ? 
  of course we only got involved when we were attacked . 
  the reasons for that are self evident . 
  debatable . 
  if america was still a colony of britain , it probably would n't have acquired the western territories acquired in the louisiana purchase , which was sold by the french to the americans to help fund the napoleonic wars . 
  why would britain hand over money to its enemy ? 
  furthermore , american hegemony on the continent was effectively secured during the war of 1812 , when america gained decisive control over new orleans , the final battle of the war of 1812 . 
  this allowed america to dominate the entire mississippi basin , and everything in between the great lakes and the gulf of mexico . 
  that war was fought against the british , so again , westward expansion under british control may have never occurred . 
  or if it did , it would have been under a different timeline , and under much different circumstances . 
  i 'm not even sure the population of the colonies at the time were large enough to sustain millions of deaths . 
  and being that the colonists then were essentially british people , they were n't exactly raped and slaughtered . 
  there is a stark contrast between excessive taxes , and oppression leading to millions of deaths . 
  one would think that american history would love to trumpet the widespread death at the hands of the british . 
  but that did n't really happen . 
  unless everything i was taught about pre-revolutionary america was wrong , there was n't really high levels of oppression ( especially relative to other colonies like india ) . 
  quartering british soldiers , the impression of colonial merchants into the british navy , and high taxes were the major sources of anger . 
  as far as i know , systemic slaughter was non-existent . 
  the celebration of independence day here focus mainly on ... independence . 
  there is no major focus on past injustices , since it is quite difficult to get americans to remember , and get angry about , being taxed a lot . 
  especially in an era of ever increasing taxes by our own government . 
  should he have used the term `` quadroon '' instead ? 
  maybe that 's an homage to the famed british self deprecating humor ? 
  well i think it is obvious that there are deleterious effects when subs cross a certain threshold ( such as a million subscribers ) . 
  also , with too little ( i.e. 
  a few hundred people in a sub with one post a week or so ) subscribers , there is no discourse to be had . 
  yes , i do think there is a sweet spot , and that number is somewhere between 20,000 and 100,000 . 
  and yeah , i could probably make one myself , but that would take considerable amount of time to get the inertia needed for the sub to be self sustaining . 
  it 's bizarre that after years of reddit being around , there is no sub already like that in existence dedicated strictly to american issues , and america in general . 
  wow i never noticed that . 
  but when you pointed that out , it 's quite the obvious oversight . 
  where the most common words are '' ` murica '' and `` damn commie '' ? 
  yeah that does n't get old after a week . 
  lol . 
  was that really created by americans ? 
  maybe it was payback or something ? 
   `` we are of [ the ] opinion that the security council premises should be available at any time and on short notice . 
  besides that , we consistently insist that the security council premises are not an appropriate place for filming , staging , etc. '', 
  are they wrong ? 
  as far as i know , the security council is not a theater .
