  i did n't know ` gangsta culture ' was really a thing outside the us . 
  i guess i did n't think other people would be stupid enough to willingly act like a thug/gangsta because they thought that was cool . 
  what 's with russian officials constantly being so casual about saying threatening things to other countries ? 
  it seriously seems like they think it 's hilarious to say shit like that . 
  that 's more like it . 
  they 're garbage . 
  all of them . 
  oh i definitely agree . 
  i was merely pointing out that we were an industrial powerhouse before the war . 
  that 's it . 
  obviously it helps your country compete with others when their entire industrial base was in ruins . 
  i guess i was more pointing out something minor in your original comment that i took exception to , but not your broader overall point . 
   start asking americans why america is an industrial powerhouse . 
  not many will mention the diminished competition we had for years/decades that may be because america was already the world 's pre-eminent industrial powerhouse before world war 2 . 
  although the devastation in europe certainly benefited the us 's industrial base after world war 2 . 
  that 's the point !, 
  it was the same way when i went to college . 
  i can tell you that a was quite liberal up until the age of 22 . 
  i graduated in 2009 , i am 27 now . 
  my views have changed substantially since then . 
  i 'm not saying you and your peers are naive , i 'm sure you 're quite educated . 
  but i can tell you my outlook has shifted after several more years of life , work , and travel . 
  keep that in mind . 
  it 's cool . 
  you helped me waste time at work instead of simply watching the clock . 
  anyway , go cardinals !, 
  fuck the packers/patriots/cowboys / ravens/bears/colts !, 
   do you mean the johnson space center in huston ? 
  yeah sorry , i should have googled it first . 
  i always fuck those two up . 
  but my point remains that there are very educated people in texas who do n't fit into the bible belt mold that is admittedly strong in texas . 
   texas has a tech hub because it has advantages compared to other us states , like access to universities , cheap land prices , growing young population and more i do n't know about . 
  if you remove texas from the union , you get problems like internet start ups want websites that end in . com not . tx . 
  the population of 20 somethings that moved to texan cities and are an important part of that tech industry might not want to stay in an independent texas . 
  computer tech that is sold in the us will not be able to be sold to independent texas because they controlled as munitions . 
  yes this is all true . 
  i think it would be a horrible decision for texas to leave ( plus , blockading their ports would essentially destroy their energy industry , and thus the backbone of their economy ) . 
  however , we are into abstract territory right now , discussing the nuances of situation that will almost certainly never play out . 
  therefore , i am not sure how much can be gained from continuing down this path . 
  we might as well be discussing the implications of zeus parting the clouds and re-asserting dominance over his earthly domain . 
   the most important part of texas ' success is being at an advantage compared to other us states . 
  i agree . 
  they have resources that other states simply can not match . 
  much of the further success , stems out from here . 
  this one is for neutrolgreek :d, 
  i have seen a few gop members say such things , but it is by no means the dominant mentality of the gop . 
  and as for texas , for every ridiculous conservative thing you can point out , i will point out the existence of its lively , liberal capitol of austin . 
  and if you think texans are a bunch of science deniers , why do most astronauts and every employee of kennedy space center live in texas ? 
  and why is there such a huge tech hub in texas ? 
  texas is a complicated beast , it is best not to selectively view it through a certain filter . 
  that never does anyone any good . 
   because they have their own set of facts like , the usa is a christian nation and was created to be a christian nation . 
  evolution , the central principal of biology , is not true . 
  the world is 6000 years old . 
  climate does not exist because only god can change things . 
  when you remove facts it is not education it is indoctrination dude . 
  stop getting all your info from reddit . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i believe ideologicalexperimen is an american ( i could be wrong though ) . 
  and his/her posts usually contain some level of america bashing , and groveling before the superiority of the glorious , enlightened european . 
  or he 's just a really shitty troll , it 's hard to figure out exactly . 
  great article by way , at least one canadian is being realistic , and speaking the truth :  it 's unfortunate , because i wish canadians could still be smug bastards about our neighbors , i really do . 
  but one of the advantages of losing your sense of moral superiority is gaining a better grip on reality . 
  the truth is , we were never that good , and america was never that bad i never thought i would live to see the day where a canadian would admit this . 
  i always imagined your average canadian would cut their balls off before saying something like that . 
  and i appreciated this gem written by a brit :  enough . 
  enough , enough , enough of this convivial rant , this collectively confirming bigotry . 
  the nasty laugh of little togetherness , or euro-liberal insecurity . 
  it 's embarrassing , infectious , and belittling . 
  look at that european snapshot of america . 
  it is so unlike the country i have known for 30 years . 
  * not just a caricature but a travesty , an invention . 
  * even on the most cursory observation , the intellectual european view of the new world is a homemade , old world effigy that suits some internal purpose . 
  of course it is an invention . 
  it always has been , but that has n't stopped that invention from permeating the collective european mind and becoming dogma that must be adhered to at all times . 
  at least two people are coming to their senses between britain/europe and canada . 
  two down , several hundred million more to go !, 
   would texas continue those socialist programs like medicare , medicaid , social security , and other programs ? 
  maybe reduce them , but not eliminate them . 
  i have spent a decent amount of time in texas , and even the most ardent conservatives i have met do n't want to watch their fellow texans starve . 
  they would probably just make things like qualifying for unemployment a little more stringent ( maybe something like mandatory drug tests or a shorter amount of weeks they can use )  if texas cuts or reduces those programs on ideological grounds how much of the population would have to leave just because they would not be able to survive in texas ? 
  texas has very low levels of unemployment and a heavily diversified economy , i doubt there would be many who could n't survive in texas . 
   if free from the feds how many hours would it take for texas to further reduce their education standards leaving them unable to compete in the future ? 
  texas has mediocre k-12 schools , but they are very proud over their universities , some of them are among the best in the country . 
  i do n't know why redditors think republicans do n't like education . 
  it 's one of the most retarded memes i see on this site . 
   how many texans are employed directly or indirectly because us military spending lots . 
  but a lot more are employed in other sectors . 
  texas 's economy would suffer if the military presence would be reduced of course , but i am sure they could rebound somewhat from this . 
   as for texan agriculture it is a large sector but somewhat specialized . 
  they have 8.4 % of the population but 5 % of the milk production . 
  fruit and vegetable production is more of a problem . 
  i agree , but texans love their steaks , and that state raises a huge amount of cattle . 
  i think texans would be most despondent about having the cowboys booted from the nfl :d, 
  and the largest us army base in the country is in the middle of the state . 
  they might have some problems with that . 
  and the inevitable blockades that would follow . 
  nice reply , but i do n't live in texas , and never have ( although my brother does ) . 
  do n't worry though , my state ( illinois ) is even more corrupt than texas . 
  and it does n't have the energy sector to provide a boost .
