  however , it is the only nation in the world that looks likely to meet the reduction in levels in green house gases set forth by the kyoto protocol . 
  not only will it exceed the the levels in reduction , but it will do so five years ahead of schedule ... almost entirely due to fracking . 
  i wish i new more about the nuances of europe 's labor market , its industries , and regulations . 
  however i think that if europe were to begin reforming its approach to those three things , it might be surprised to find that there were jobs all along right under its nose , and all it took was some clarity and some guts to leverage its resources it has been neglecting . 
  europe should n't have to worry about competition from africa and asia , africa and asia should have to worry about competing with europe . 
  has your continent already forgotten how to do the things it pioneered that literally transformed the face of the globe in ways no one has ever done before or since ? 
  i mean seriously , the way i hear / r/europe ` ans talking sometimes has so much resignation to it . 
  why the fascination with ron paul ? 
  what he meant to say , was europe needs more people like [ this ] ( http://tagedealer.blogspot.com/2008/03/judas-cow.html?m=1 ), 
  `` however , many economists have wondered if the jobless data exaggerates the problem . 
  jobless numbers include economically inactive people , including young people who are in education . 
  some experts argue that youth unemployment is better and more accurately represented by using a ratio , calculated as the share of total number unemployed . 
  this reduces the extent of youth unemployment , although the figures remain high . '', 
  the quickest way to reduce youth unemployment , is change how you determine unemployment , then count again . 
  problem solved !, 
  you 've just reduced unemployment by half !, 
  time to pat yourself on the back , and ideally , award yourself a medal . 
  you live in nj ? 
  are you an american or a european currently living in america ? 
  that does n't really effect how i interpret your comments at this point , it 's more curiosity . 
  as for your other point , sure any european can move to/live in/set up a business in any other country , but i think the concern is two fold : 1 ) the symbolism of a former head of state moving ( maybe moving actually , this is n't clear ) to another country to start a new business . 
  2 ) the timing of the move makes it appear to be of the same motive that gerard depardieu invoked by theatrically moving to russia in response to the proposed 75 % income tax . 
  perhaps your correct that the making accusations against sarkozy of making a shameless political move is unfair , and even duplicitous . 
  i do n't really care either way . 
  i am just saying i understand that people can interpret his decision to set up a business in london as a poignant political gesture when viewed in a certain context . 
  it 's not like he is just some average french citizen . 
  as a former president , he is very high profile . 
  fair or not , his decisions will be scrutinized . 
  yes , texas is n't just cows and mega churches . 
  that being said , there are a shit ton of both in the state ( more cows than churches though / s ) . 
  case in point , my brother lives is nowheresville , texas on a bunch of land he shares with his wife 's family . 
  at any given time they own 30 to 50 cows ... and a donkey . 
  in addition to owning about 20 firearms of different types between them . 
  i love going out and visiting them because it 's so different from the city living i 'm used to . 
  once again , no income tax means no state income tax , which is typically around 5 % plus or minus 2 % . 
  hardly that much considering all the other types of taxes an individual must pay . 
  i have no idea why they settled in texas and florida . 
  it could be the lack of state income taxes , it could be the weather , it could be the business climate ( george bush was involved in the oil industry at one point in his career , texas is the epicenter of the oil industry ) , it could be the favorable political climate as both states lean republican . 
  i honestly have no idea why they settled in those respective states . 
  plus , this whole conversation is distracting from the original conversation . 
  living in texas is not the same as a former president of france potentially moving to a different country for a business opportunity and to make a political gesture . 
  i have a feeling your just fucking with us americans to stir up shit because you are bored . 
  fair enough . 
  a lot of what you said is pretty accurate . 
  when i said it kicked ass , i was more implying cities like san antonio and austin are a lot of fun . 
  also , my brother lives in the middle of no where in texas , and when i visit him i live the texas dream . 
  ride around on atv 's getting piss drunk and shooting shit . 
  that aspect can be a lot of fun too . 
  it is funny though how some texans literally think they are the center of the universe . 
  my brother told me his son has to say the pledge of allegiance to texas everyday in school . 
  i still ca n't tell if he 's fucking with me , it just sounds like something that would be true . 
  i did n't grow up in texas . 
  in fact , i 've only been there a few times . 
  have you ever been to texas ? 
  because according to reddit , texas is just cows and mega churches . 
  in reality it is vast , diverse , and has some of the best cities in america . 
  some people are turned off by it , others love it . 
  although the first time i went there i pretty much hated it too . 
  reading that felt similar to reading a letter of recommendation for someone that was written by their own mother . 
  what a bunch of bloviating bullshit . 
  man i do n't fucking know . 
  it 's not like i can ask the guy . 
  over twenty million other people live in that state too , and most of them are n't there to avoid income taxes ( by the way , this is state income tax . 
  most states that do have income taxes have rates between 2 % -5 % , so it 's not exaclt braking the bank ) . 
  maybe he just liked the damn state . 
  have you been to texas ? 
  it actually kicks ass , maybe that 's why he moved there . 
  keep in mind , if you are referring to george bush jr. , not only did he used to be the governor of texas , he has had a ranch , and a seperate home in texas , and used to own a baseball team in texas : the texas rangers . 
  it 's quite different . 
  he did n't just move there for the taxes . 
  he has lived there for decades . 
  oh god . 
  i live in michigan too , plus i just moved here from arizona . 
  this is my first real winter i 've ever experienced . 
  i never thought cigarette breaks could be traumatizing . 
  fuck cold weather . 
  i 'm super shitty at posting links . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/nicolas-sarkozy/9819470/france-abuzz-over-nicolas-sarkozy-london-private-equity-fund-claim.html ) is the article . 
  tl ; dr : sarkozy is fleeing france , and moving to london to set up shop . 
  fuck taxes !, 
  the future, 
  actually , i think it 's up to $ 10 trillion now . 
  i even heard greece was the wealthiest country on the planet ... if only this oil and gas existed . 
  no problem . 
  you were close enough anyway . 
  it was ready to understand what you were talking about . 
  this is just another alias of yours , is n't it ? 
  russianmobstate !, 
  there is no hiding mitso . 
  it 's masonic . 
  maybe the `` m '' should be capitalized , but that 's a minor detail . 
  i usually do n't point out improper spelling , but in this case you seem to be seem to be unsure about it . 
  i hope i 'm not coming across as a grammar nazi . 
  that 's not my intent . 
  so what ? 
  it would be the best thing to ever happen to your country . 
  i believe in this case because the us is n't part of the british commonwealth . 
  all the aforementioned countries in the anglosphere are . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  i ca n't believe we all missed the signs .
