  we are one of the largest counties in the world , with over 300 million people living here with the largest singular economy in the world . 
  none of those assets would go anywhere if we abdicated our role as a world leader . 
  hell , maybe other countries would like us more if we stopped fucking everything up in every corner of the world !, 
  totally agree . 
  i see headlines like this and rejoice . 
  hell , i have been reading articles about how america has been abandoning it 's role by letting russia do all the dirty work in syria , and i am supposed to be sad about that ? 
  here is an article from the current edition of the economist : http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21715662-russia-and-turkey-take-lead-absent-america-progress-syrias-latest all i have to say to that is thank fucking god . 
  a shit storm in being resolved in the middle east and our country is n't involved , and somehow this is a bad thing ? 
  it 's a fucking dream come true !, 
  i hope this trend continues, 
  i can understand that . 
  the thing is , none of us regular citizens were ever consulted on our role in the world . 
  we just happened to be born in a country with enormous global power . 
  i personally do not like seeing my country in the middle of every single event that happens everywhere in the world , and receiving the endless criticism ( whether it is fair or not ) associated with our role . 
  it 's largely a thankless job . 
  for me personally , i have been in full blown isolationist mode for years now . 
  if other countries want to pick up the role of world police , i am more than happy to pass the baton . 
  i want nothing more than to raise the drawbridge so to speak , and let us focus on our problems for 20-30 years . 
  i would love for america to be like any other country . 
  when something crazy happens in the world , no one asks countries like denmark or croatia to get involved and do something . 
  no one complains about costa rica 's lack of action . 
  that is the role i want for my country : leave us the fuck alone , and we will leave you alone . 
  that prospect sounds amazing to me . 
  are wine coolers wine mixed with soda ? 
  i really have no idea since they are viewed as drinks for teenage girls . 
  i guess what i mean is that i have n't seen anyone poor a glad of wine , then dump coke or sprite in it before . 
  and do n't take offense at the noble european thing . 
  what i meant by that is , there are many americans that view europeans as highly sophisticated and cultured . 
  these americans will try to appeal to europeans by disparaging their own country as brutish to make themselves look distinct from their own countrymen . 
  i guess i did n't articulate myself well , but that was more of an insult towards the author than it was to europeans . 
  i do n't think too many in my country would mind this at all . 
  let someone else take the wheel and drive . 
  there is hardly any benefit to the job at all anyway . 
  you just attract vitriol from every corner of the planet , and moaning from all the back seat drivers who contribute little but complain about lot . 
  we are not beholden to a poem on statue penned over a century ago . 
  nothing about those words imply this country is obligated to take in potential security threats . 
  spare us your pontificating nonsense . 
  we 've taken in more refugees over the years than the entire population of your country . 
  instead of using cheap sermons , perhaps you should allow direct family members of mass murdering terrorists a place top stay in your house . 
  how many tens of millions of impoverished people has your country taken in ? 
  that comment did n't put anything nicely . 
  that comment reeks of someone who has never stepped foot in america and gets all their info from reddit, 
  yeah that 's really odd . 
  in my 30 years of existence , living my whole life in america , i have never heard of anyone mixing wine with soda ... 
  but i just found out from cia person that it is really common ? 
  it totally is n't . 
  this article sounds like it was written by someone with an axe to grind , or someone that wanted to put their own country down to impress those noble europeans . 
  there is a lot of those types here . 
  * especially * homo sapiens . 
  every animal is a potential burger to me, 
  they look delicious !, 
  why is this relevant to this sub ? 
  can we reapply too ? 
  why not ? 
  russia is flexing it 's muscles just like my country flexes it 's muscles . 
  this is basic geopolitics . 
  there really is no justification other than `` that 's how large powers behave '' . 
  my country fucks with russia , russia fucks with mine . 
  there is nothing to defend , just how no one `` defends '' why a wolf consumes sheep . 
  that 's just the way it is, 
  unfortunately , humans have been fighting ever since the first stone axe or spear was invented , and we will continue to do so for eternity . 
  it 's the way we are wired . 
  every idealist would agree with you . 
  but the realists understand our nature , and subsequently those tanks are necessary . 
  ummm ... would n't it be easier for russians to visit crimea now without a passport since it is now russian territory . 
  never met the guy but he is known all over the internet as being a dick, 
  but why would it go off if it has n't exploded yet in 70 years ? 
  yeah definitely seems odd . 
  it 's been there for decades without going off , why not wait a for my days ? 
  i 'm sure the people in that city are pretty upset , but also the guys who have to dispose it . 
  why are they making people risk their lives on christmas day ? 
  do they publish it in every european language or is it just in english, 
  if russia tries to annex latvia , then there are immediately two allied states - estonia and lithuania - from which to launch a counter-strike while true , those other countries are also small and militarily weak . 
  the combined strength of the baltic nations could not withstand a full on russian invasion . 
  all three would collapse quickly and be relegated to partisan tactics . 
   what do you mean ? 
  i do n't mean anything . 
  i hardly know anything about latvia . 
  i am just asking questions that is all . 
  thanks for the informative response though . 
  i thought the mayor of riga was russian ... 
  i guess i was mistaken ? 
  is there any mingling between young ethnic russians and young ethnic latvians , or do they keep to themselves ? 
  looking at the reaction to brexit might be a little misleading . 
  a lot of americans are more pro britain than pro europe . 
  so where they might have cheered britain regaining more sovereignty , that does n't mean they want the whole edifice of the eu to fall . 
  plus , there are a lot of people that just want crazy shit to happen regardless of the consequences . 
  honestly the opinion i see here is complete apathy/no opinion . 
  we are an insular people that does n't care much about the outside world one way or the other . 
  what about the young ethnic russians in latvia ? 
  is there any concern over whether they lean more towards europe or more towards russia ? 
   do you really think that the european countries alone would have any influence in the world it was n't too long ago that individual european countries not only had influence in the world , but dominated the entire planet and carved up whole continents by themselves . 
  perhaps you should have a little more confidence in yourselves . 
  i think most americans are completely apathetic . 
  if anything i 'd prefer the eu to stay intact since it makes traveling easier . 
  not sure which americans you are talking to since over here we really do n't have strong opinions to the eu either way . 
  the democratic party is almost completely unrecognizable to me now . 
  my dad was in the carpenters union , his dad was in the uaw . 
  that same party now calls working class blue collar guys `` uneducated white people '' and `` ignorant white people '' . 
  those uneducated white people loyally voted democrat for generations , and then were turned into the poster boys of fascism and racism .
