  that 's a good point . 
  it 's not like these most recent emigrants are hopping on a boat to go to the north america and australia . 
  still though , depending on how long it takes for the economy to improve , the irish emigrants are going to put down roots in their new countries . 
  i guess how many return depends on how long they spend in their new countries , how deep the roots are that they put down , how long it takes ireland 's economy to turn around . 
  i could imagine the irish who move to europe could return quite easily . 
  those that go to north america and australia might find returning is n't so easy . 
  especially if they have been living their for several years . 
  i do n't really know though , this is pure conjecture . 
  just out of curiosity , how confident are you that this most recent irish diaspora will return when the economy in ireland improves ? 
  history suggests they will not , but that does n't really mean they wo n't . 
  sigh ... 
  i just read about that this morning . 
  looks like they 're aiming for october to begin tapering ... but who knows . 
  i do n't see qe ending anytime soon . 
  just speculation of tapering was causing money to flood out of emerging markets , causing huge amounts of instability in their currencies . 
  plus , when unemployment is going down primarily because labor force participation is decreasing , that 's not a good sign . 
  oh well , another month , another $ 85,000,000,000,000.00 . 
  i doubt they will actually taper until the new fed chairman comes in , and the most likely candidate , janet yellen seems like she wants to continue qe . 
  honestly , the fed is in a damned if you do , damned if you do n't situation right now . 
  unemployment has to drop in my country quite a bit , and emerging markets need to stabilize before qe ends . 
  that may be years from now . 
  well ireland will still need to do a bit more , and sustain it for longer than one quarter . 
  0.4 % expansion is rather paltry . 
  obviously it 's better than nothing , but if the economy is growing at less than one percent , that 's not enough to soak up all the unemployed people on the streets right now , let alone absorb all those finishing school and looking for their first good job . 
  it 's a start , but i would n't be popping the champagne just yet . 
  what a ridiculously dishonest headline . 
  maybe blatantly lying is more accurate than dishonest . 
  changing the sentence from sexual assault because there was no victim to disorderly conduct is simply a clarification of the rules . 
  in no way is this legalizing public masturbation . 
  for how progressive reddit has led me to believe sweden is , i 'm sure the good people of sweden would object if i walked into a grocery store , pulled down my pants , whipped out my cock , and then proceeded to furiously masturbate while i groaned lowdly until i fired off a couple of rounds of dick spit . 
  jesus , gawker must be getting really desperate for views . 
  i totally agree . 
  i work with about a dozen people from india , and spent a month in india last year , and i noticed they definitely have some unique phrases in english , and sometimes even a unique sentence structures in english ( particularly when speaking among themselves ) . 
  there were times where i felt like maybe correcting them , or pointing out that their use of words were sometimes awkward and used in ways i would n't use them , but i never did correct them . 
  the reason was i had no absolute reference point to use . 
  american english is slightly different than australian english , the myriad forms of english in the uk , and even the various accents found within my own country . 
  which `` english '' is correct ? 
  none . 
  this no official form of english . 
  i thought it was cool to see english evolving in india in a distinct way from my own version of english . 
  and the language itself does n't just evolve in places where it is spoken natively . 
  like how you mentioned creole and pidgin , english merges with non-english languages and creates bastard child languages that are unique to the region and the language it marries . 
  i find this process , and the prospects of this merging and evolution fascinating . 
  it sometimes strikes me as odd how some people hold onto their language so dearly , and even go so far as to codify what is official , and what is not . 
  the shielding of ones language from another strikes me as a sad form of desperation . 
  i would love to see how the english language will evolve in the future . 
  the various english accents spoken natively will have their own trajectories , but will continue to use words from other english accents . 
  and non-english languages will create interesting bastards indeed . 
  i think people saw the 0.000000001 % growth there was in the ez last quarter , which technically ended the recession , and thought good times were just around the corner . 
  that 's really cool . 
  i would have been stuck with english . 
  if that did n't work , there would be no alternatives besides waving my arms around and maybe drawing pictures . 
  i sometimes wish there were more languages spoken in north america . 
  then again , having basically one language between the us and canada ( minus quebec ) really makes getting around super convenient . 
  i suppose . 
  in my country 's experience , getting inundated with another countries cultural products has been a good thing . 
  then again my country is large , and has the ability to absorb other countries cultural products without destroying our own native culture , so perhaps it 's not so simple to compare . 
  that 's a great post . 
  the evolution of the spelling was a great way to illustrate your point . 
   it 's a bit like a family who only speak to each other in the presence of other people , even if that 's completely benign and consential ... yeah i have always felt that talking to people from other countries is a bit like walking into a room filled with people you have never met , yet all these people have seen you naked . 
  it is kind of unfortunate that so many people have such intimate knowledge of my american culture , but i can not possibly know as much about other countries/cultures since a ) there is a language barrier and b ) there is only one america , and there are dozens of countries in europe . 
  it 's not always a good thing , but i hardly think it is a terrible thing . 
  perhaps you should know that i am from the us . 
  but just as much as the uk copies from our culture , we too copy the uk 's culture . 
  our music is , and has been influenced by british music more so than the uk 's music scene has been influenced from ours ( in my opinion ) . 
  i do not think that is a bad thing . 
  so the down side to being a native english speaker is it is harder to be sneaky ? 
  i am being facetious here , as i understand what you mean by having other countries/language speakers being able to easily read your local/national news , and you can not do the reverse as easily . 
  i think of all the pluses though , the lack of privacy is of small consequence . 
  i liked your comment nonetheless , since i had never really considered those down sides . 
  ah yes , i forgot about the fact that one of the reasons the uk forced the chinese to purchase its opium was to restore a trade imbalance . 
   and the ecb can actually do a lot more about the monetary mass in circulation in each of the eurozone countries than the bank of england could do about the amount of silver mined in britain and its colonies ... what exactly is it the ecb can do ? 
  so far , i have only seen the ecb be able to effect interest rates in individual countries by proclaiming it `` will do whatever it takes '' to keep the eurozone functioning . 
  does it also buy bonds from countries ? 
  honestly i am not really well versed in what the ecb can do . 
  i know it has a single mandate , that is to control inflation . 
  but that is about it . 
  as far as i know , it can not print euros . 
  it can only raise and lower interest rates , and it also can not directly effect a countries interest rates on its bonds ( other than issuing statements to bolster confidence ) . 
  damn . 
  that 's bad ass . 
  thanks for sharing that . 
  well i guess you can ride a cow . 
  although to be fair , after watching those videos , those cows did n't look like you could confidently ride one into battle , or go any where quickly . 
  those cows were just kind of walking around . 
  but i guess if you do n't have a horse , a cow would work . 
  i want to ride a cow now . 
  well this particular article was light on analysis , and heavier on vitriol . 
  however he usually does n't just lambaste someone like he did in this article . 
  although he still threw out plenty of discouraging statistics that would warrant rethinking whether the worst was over yet . 
  those numbers are n't fabricated . 
  that was an entertaining read . 
  i guess i only started reading his stuff within the last six months . 
  either way , he says what a lot of other reporters do not say . 
  did you read the article ? 
  i do not see anything factually incorrect there . 
  i am not sure if that is totally analogous , since i am guessing the uk 's debt was denominated in it 's own currency , which can not be said for countries using the euro . 
  plus , the uk already had an empire to draw resources from . 
  no countries in the ez have that . 
  and the uk also lost its empire because it was in debt and could not afford to sustain its empire .
