  a lot of people would say they are not the same . 
  damn ... that 's one pretty looking weapon . 
   yeah , being the only country on planet with nukes was not good enough . 
  you should note that the us did not have enough material to make nukes at the time . 
  the us did have nukes , but they dropped them . 
  the us could not conjure more nukes out of thin air to threaten russia . 
  and if they did , were they supposed to nuke their ally because they did not like the way borders were being drawn ? 
  that 's simply bad ass . 
  you can get anywhere in your country in 3 hours ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  it took me over 30 hours of pure driving time ( not including stops ) to get home for me . 
  and that was not even driving from one end of the country to the other . 
  that was driving from the middle of the country ( illinois ) to the western portion ( arizona ) . 
  i love living in a big country , but living in a small one has it 's perks also . 
  it 's one day . 
  how could it be such a nuisance ? 
  no one will ever know since european politicians could never admit that . 
  however , i am not alone in assuming that the fact that turkey is an islamic country is one of the primary obstacles to its ascension to the eu . 
  well whatever the hell he is doing , it is provocative and unnecessary . 
  it is strange since this seems completely one sided . 
  i do n't remember seeing anything hostile coming from the european side , yet erdogan seems to be alluding to some inevitable confrontation , almost as like it is foretold by some prophecy . 
  you 're right , he may end up making his own prophecy come true . 
  i do n't know why he would even be talking like this though . 
  it 's like it came out of nowhere . 
   `` do n't even think that the struggle that began 1,400 years ago between the truth [ islam ] and fallacy [ other beliefs ] is over . 
  do n't even think that those who set an eye on these lands 1,000 years ago have given up their ambitions . 
  ** do n't even think that those who turned up at the dardanelles , and then across anatolia 100 years ago , coming with the most powerful armies , weapons and technology of the time , have repented . 
  no , they never did so . 
  this long-standing struggle is going on and will go on , '' he added ** why is he talking about a possible struggle between europe and turkey , when turkey is in a military alliance with most of europe ? 
  i 'm not even sure what he is suggesting here , but it sounds ... odd . 
   following this belligerent message , erdogan said , `` those who want to turn turkey into another andalusia , another middle east and eastern africa , those who want to make turkey meet the fate of eastern europe and the balkans , have never abandoned their intentions . '' it sounds like he thinks european powers are plotting against turkey . 
  it seems like it was n't that long ago that turkey was orienting itself towards europe . 
  now , erdogan seems to think that europe is threatening turkey , and that turkey should be threatening europe . 
  what the hell is he thinking ? 
  i ca n't :( he was too busy turning his office into a replica of the red room from downtown abbey ( [ pic ] ( http://img2.timeinc.net/people/i/2015/news/150216/aaron-schock-800.jpg ) ) and using taxpayer money to fly around the us in private jet and doing other [ ridiculous things ] ( http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/commentary/chi-aaron-schock-spending-downton-abbey-20150319-story.html ) such as taking male `` interns '' to [ katy perry ] ( http://www.tmz.com/2015/03/17/aaron-schock-resigns-congress-katy-perry/ ) concerts . 
  how can i expect my congressman to doing anything about this situation when he is already such a busy man ? 
  why ? 
  do you consider their language threatening ? 
  i can kinda understand russian ... but polish too ? 
  you 're not the only one worried about that . 
  that comparisons has been made for over a year now . 
  everyone seems to be worried about that ... except the bureaucrats in charge of the emu . 
  it makes you wonder why europe is even bothering with qe if the program is not going to be at least as large as the america 's qe . 
  whereas the us and the uk are beginning to end qe and have robust economies to show for it , the emu is just getting started and its version will be underwhelming . 
  what 's the point of even doing it if it 's going to be half assed and five years too late anyway ? 
  how nice of europe . 
  reacting incoherently just to assuage our ego . 
  someone should tell europe we do n't need them to act like that to boost our ego . 
  we 're good at doing that without anyone 's help . 
  i think the biggest liability to baltic security is geography and population . 
  unfortunately , those obstacles are nearly impossible to overcome . 
  great article , but the content is depressing . 
  why does it seems like europe 's approach to every issue can be summed up by the phrase `` too little , too late '' ? 
  in case of paywall :  when russia was preparing to annex crimea a year ago its television broadcasts , portraying the protesters who had recently overthrown ukraine 's regime as a neo-nazi rabble , softened the peninsula 's defences as effectively as any artillery assault . 
  one month later , when russian-backed rebels overran donetsk , in eastern ukraine , one of their first acts was to seize control of the television centre and replace ukrainian broadcasts with previously banned russian ones . 
   the kremlin 's propaganda machine has been a key component of the `` hybrid warfare '' that russia has waged in ukraine , and has helped shore up vladimir putin 's support at home . 
  but it spreads much further . 
  it spills into east european countries via television services that offer viewers tasty blends of entertainment garnished with sprigs of fake news . 
  it extends westward in the form of outfits like rt ( formerly russia today ) , a kremlin-backed news outfit which broadcasts in english , spanish , french and german , or neatly designed supplements placed in the new york times or daily telegraph . 
  sometimes it is smuggled directly into respectable domestic publications , as gullible or time-starved editors unknowingly reproduce russian misinformation . 
  meanwhile kremlin-backed trolls poison online discussion forums and social networks . 
   countries in the front line of moscow 's `` weaponisation of information '' , in the words of peter pomerantsev and michael weiss , two analysts , have long sought to draw attention to the problem . 
  the european union is at last listening . 
  heads of government , meeting in brussels as we went to press , were expected to ask federica mogherini , the eu 's foreign-policy chief , to produce a plan to counter russia 's `` disinformation campaigns '' by june . 
  before that the eu will launch a task force ( working name : mythbusters ) charged with monitoring russian media , identifying patent falsehoods and issuing corrections . 
   this is awkward terrain for europe . 
  it was hard enough to galvanise a collective response to russia 's military adventurism ; information warfare is a still murkier world . 
  the challenges faced by britain in countering rt 's misinformation are different from those in baltic states with russian-speaking minorities , or in war-torn ukraine , subject of russia 's most egregious lies . 
  that the eu has belatedly been persuaded to act is progress . 
  but officials stress that individual countries must do much of the work . 
   some are pushing ahead : in september estonia will launch a general television channel aimed at the quarter of its population who speak russian first . 
  others have bigger ideas : latvia , home to the eu 's largest russian-speaking minority , has proposed publicly funded pan-baltic channels . 
  some talk of trying to penetrate russia 's tightly controlled media market . 
  the dutch government has financed the european endowment for democracy , a brussels-based think-tank , to consider various proposals . 
  ms mogherini will carefully read its report , due in may . 
  but her team downplays ambitious calls for action : grand schemes that require grand funds are , mercifully , out of style in brussels . 
   the ideas floated instead are sensible , if small : getting national media regulators to talk to each other , building networks of trusted journalists and , in countries at risk , supporting local producers of good journalism . 
  one example often cited is hromadske , an online ukrainian tv channel that sprang out of kiev 's maidan protests . 
  the eu will also try , somehow , to spread its own message better : eurocrats admit they have been outgunned by russia when it comes to explaining matters like free-trade deals . 
   amid all this , one fear is of ham-fisted responses . 
  the danger is greatest in ukraine , where officials have harassed and deported russian journalists and frustrated international reporters with their own obfuscations . 
  the government is finalising plans for ukraine tomorrow , a channel designed to square up to rt that local journalists fear will descend to its standards . 
  elsewhere , too , there have been difficulties . 
  last year latvia and lithuania temporarily banned russian broadcasters . 
  in britain rt has tangled with ofcom , the media watchdog . 
  some want the eu to expand its visa-ban list to cover more moguls and journalists . 
   russian outlets must abide by local laws , of course . 
  but europeans should be wary of handing mr putin easy propaganda wins . 
  up against lavishly financed russian media , cash-strapped , fractious europe will always struggle : one american official likens the battle to using a teaspoon to shovel out of a snowstorm . 
  but european values like free speech and a commitment to truth remain potent , as ukrainians know well . 
  europe 's best hope lies in loudly promoting them . 
  if attempts to counter disinformation are to get anywhere , they must demonstrate the falsehood of the most brazen russian proposition of all : that there is no truth in reporting , just a postmodern potpourri of perspectives . 
   ** countering propaganda , not counter-propaganda **  european officials insist they are not engaging russia in a propaganda war . 
  good : pro-europeans in ukraine and elsewhere want an alternative to mr putin 's grubby tactics , not a european version of them . 
  yet just as it underestimated russia 's military resolve in ukraine , europe risks underplaying the potency of the disinformation threat . 
  fact-checking and networking initiatives can carry you only so far ; europe must act as well as react . 
   unwieldy bureaucracies like the eu have no business getting into public broadcasting . 
  but individual countries do , and some are responding . 
  germany is boosting funding for deutsche welle , its public broadcaster . 
  the americans are spending more , and encouraging europeans to do the same .
