  but i do believe the author provides credible analysis , and a sobering assessment of the current trends competing against each other . 
  i wish i could do that fancy linking-to-graphs stuff , but the author addresses your question in the latter part of the article under this section :  ** financial economy -- real economy split **  what is beyond doubt is that conditions in the financial economy have improved greatly . 
  the government has opened a market for its debt , the banks have a solid capital base for 2013 and are able to access european wholesale funding markets -- even if this is still at a considerable price in terms of interest paid . 
  this is why mr. de guindos thinks the need for a bailout is receding . 
   but of course conditions in the real economy continue to deteriorate . 
  most estimates for 2013 are for a larger contraction than that estimated by the government ( something which has become habitual ) , and many observers continue to expect the negative growth trend to continue in 2014 . 
  unemployment was already over 26 % as 2012 drew to a close , which makes 27.5 % next december a virtual certainty and a number over 28 % entering 2014 horrifyingly possible . 
   so despite all the positive `` talking up '' that spain 's economy is receiving from well-wishers at the international level , the disconnect between the financial economy and the real one has now become markedly pronounced , and the clearest evidence for this is that what are now , at least for the time being , well capitalized banks are still unable to provide systematic credit to the deteriorating private sector . 
  then he continues with :  one of the less well commented features of spain 's boom during the early years of this century is the way the arrival of economic migrants fueled a significant part of gdp growth . 
  the country 's population grew by more than 6 million ( from 40 to 46 million ) in the first eight years of the century , raising employment levels in both the formal and the informal economies . 
   migrants are still arriving , but the balance has now turned negative . 
  according to data from the national statistics office , ** as of last september the net outflow was around 20,000 a month and accelerating . 
  that is to say a quarter of a million a year , or a million every four years . 
  and the final numbers will almost certainly be much larger . 
  **  so a country which already does n't have enough people working to pay for its pension system , now faces having less and less as time goes by , while the number of pensioners looking to claim will only grow and grow . 
  in part that is the end result of sitting back and watching a 1.3 child per woman fertility rate for over 30 years . 
   but to this grave underlying problem is now being added a new and potentially more deadly one . 
  those leaving are not only migrants who came earlier . 
  ** increasingly young educated spanish people are upping and leaving , and unlike in earlier periods many who go now will never return . 
  not only is there a massive human capital loss involved here , trend gdp growth is evidently being reduced as the workforce steadily shrinks , while all those unsellable surplus-to-requirement houses become even less sellable . 
  ** and so we may go on in what has all the hallmarks of a non too virtuous circle . 
  so next time luis de guindos proudly proclaims that economic conditions are improving , he might care to consider stopping for a moment to reflect on the possibility , nay the almost certain reality , that spain 's economic contraction now feeds on itself . 
  at this point , i am just doing a poor job of copying , pasting , adding emphasis , and omitting important charts . 
  but basically everything after the section i highlighted above goes into the depressing details . 
  whether or not you agree with the author , i 'll leave that up to you . 
  if it 's ridiculously easy to blame everything on austerity , i think it 's similarly ridiculously easy to blame her financial sense . 
  the reality is , niether you , myself , or anyone else in the threads knew exactly what circumstances , and chain of events led up to her setting herself on fire . 
  all we know is she lost all her homes , and then set herself on fire . 
  the `` why '' is probably some combination of external factors , and perhaps financial mismanagement . 
  we do n't exactly have access to her bank account history though , so speculation one way or the other is probably misguided . 
  on a side note , i do understand what you 're getting at . 
  austerity seems like the go-to reason for just about everything and anything bad that happens in europe right now . 
  in reality , it is probably the confluence of several factors coming together . 
  i was in a similar situation after i graduated . 
  in fact , i was cyclically in your situation for three years . 
  there is even a possibility that i could end up back in your situation . 
  i graduated in 2009 . 
  this was right in the middle of the worst parts of the recession ( some might argue that it 's still in recession ) . 
  i had an internship after college that was suppossed to segue directly into a full time job . 
  it did n't . 
  i moved back to my home state and moved in with my sister . 
  i was unemployed for probably five or six months , and had the same problem . 
  underqualified and inexperienced for an engineering job , and over-qualified for a regular shit job . 
  the next two years i got jobs as a contract engineer , which basically means you work six months and then you 're back on your ass again . 
  in between these periods of employment , were four months or so of depressing unemployment . 
  i actually got a job delivering pizza the last time i was unemployed ( i do n't know how i got it honestly . 
  i was actually wondering if i should lie on my applications and say i just got out of jail , and not mention that my last job was a good paying quality engineering job ) . 
  after about three weeks of working there , i got offered the job i have now . 
  the manager at the pizza restaurant was pissed off at me , and told me she would never hire anyone with a college degree again . 
  anyhow , it 's been 3 years of up and down with me since i finished school . 
  i can finally say i have a good paying job , and my company 's business prospects are actually great for the forseeable future ( although , who really knows what can happen ) . 
  honestly , just try not to feel shitty . 
  it can be hard at times , especially when your other friends have jobs . 
  eventually something will turn up . 
  if there are any local recruiters in the area , i suggest you look them up . 
  of the several hundred jobs i applied for over a three year span , i can honestly say that zero emailed me back . 
  it 's a complete waste of time applying on a company 's website . 
  i do n't know how it works in the uk , but here in america , many companies are required to advertise jobs online . 
  but 90 % of those jobs are fulfilled internally . 
  oh yeah , try to stay busy . 
  interact with humans . 
  that 's the best way to stay sane . 
  i 'll streer clear of the translucent mountain men . 
  but i would n't mind hanging out with the moon shining , pot growing variety . 
  i 've always thought that would be good life . 
  drinking hooch outta mason jars , growing pot in the mountains , shooting at the census man whenever he comes around . 
  that 's a fine life indeed . 
  like this ? 
  b = = =d ~ x_o, 
  yeah i 've driven through it a few times . 
  never spent any time there though . 
  i kind of want to . 
  hillbillies look like a lot of fun . 
  makes sense . 
  i saw this story elsewhere on reddit , but there were few details beyond `` lady sets herself on fire '' . 
  thanks for adding some back story . 
  that sounds like a horrible situation to be in . 
  how do you know these details ? 
  ( yes , collateral is the right word ), 
  i love seeing threads turn into `` my dad could beat up your dad circle jerks '' . 
  it 's endlessly entertaining . 
  that reference went way over my head . 
  it 's actually a beautiful state . 
  some of the inhabitants though ... 
  are you serious ? 
  from who ? 
  yeah it was obvious that the direction that conversation was n't the direction you intended it to go . 
  nonetheless , you were dragged out into the town square , and publicly flogged . 
  it was hard to watch . 
  i wanted to step in , and intervene . 
  but by that time , it was too late , and i did n't want to make myself a target next . 
  great follow up quote . 
  that 's a true pearl of wisdom . 
  as a fellow american , that was brutal reading those comments . 
  you got totally owned . 
  i 'm glad i did n't open my mouth . 
  i did n't know half that shit either . 
  kind of reminds me of the quote : better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid , then open it an remove all doubt . 
  it 's like the redneck version of jersey shore . 
  how have i never heard of this show before ?
