   eu mostly university free , america ridiculously high costs american college costs are high , but the figures you see are highly inflated by the people who go to private institutions and get really expensive degrees like medical degrees and law degrees that take nearly a decade to complete . 
  your average person getting a bachelors degree does not end up totally fucked and in debt , and hundreds of thousands go to school for free ( me included ) 2 ) yeah our medical costs are high , no argument there , but you certainly do n't go bankrupt from one trip to the hospital . 
  i do n't know anyone with medical debt 3 ) almost every company gives maternity leave . 
  i have never met a woman who did not get maternity leave 4 ) we have welfare benefits too !, 
  are you serious ? 
  free food , free housing , free medical care . 
  the poorest of the poor live here . 
  most do n't have jobs , this is considered abject poverty in my city . 
  hell , my cousin has five kids , never had a job in her life . 
  the government pays for her house , her food , her clothes for her kids . 
  they pay for everything . 
  the homeless people you do see are hopeless alcoholics and junkies that have been kicked out of every halfway house and social programs because the could n't get their shit together . 
  so many europeans here have no idea what they are talking about , yet speak as if they are the go to authority on this subject . 
  i came from a poor family , raised by a single mother who worked part time as a nurse . 
  my father was in and out of jail most of my young life . 
  i had access to healthcare and continue to have access to healthcare throughout my entire life . 
  i got a full ride scholarship to my state university and got an engineering degree for free . 
  i know countless people who were in a similar situation growing up and all live middle class lives with access to education and healthcare just like anyone else . 
  you are wrong , and continue to be wrong . 
  here is a quality of life index : http://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/rankings_by_country.jsp as you can see , the us scores in the top 15 , and your country is at 22 . 
  that does n't mean my country is glorious and yours is a shit hole either . 
  in fact , it means they are broadly similar . 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
  do you want to tell you my country is a disaster ( when its not , and everyone i know is living a happy life ) ? 
  the fucking thread we are in shows that the average us state is just as wealthy , or even more wealthy than most european countries , and you are comparing america to honduras ? 
  sorry dude , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  life is great here for the majority of people that live here . 
  we do have access to education ( literally every single person gets mandatory education ) we have access to some of the best hospitals and best universities in the world . 
  our country spans a continent and we have access to every type of climate in the world . 
  i have lived in 6 different states , i am about to move to my 7th state , and have travelled the length and breadth of this country . 
  i have seen this country with my own two eyes more intimately than you ever will . 
  but again , you ( person who does n't live here ) , continue to tell my country is one step above honduras . 
  i 'm sure the czech republic makes my country look like 3rd world squalor . 
  i live here . 
  it 's a fantastic place to live . 
  i 've been to other countries and they were nice too . 
  millions of people migrate here annually , and do so for a reason . 
  i think you 're totally oblivious to what life is like for most americans, 
  i do n't think that 's ever been disputed . 
  the state is larger than most countries and has less than a million inhabitants . 
  any big city has more people than alaska does . 
  and that state is basically loaded with natural resources whilst simultaneously being desolate wilderness . 
  i would n't pay much mind to a single chart . 
  it goes both ways . 
  i 've seen a litany of comments on the sub insinuating that the average american has to rummage through garbage cans for scraps in order to eat , and only the 1 % have money in the us . 
  america and europe are both great places to live ( especially when compared to much of the rest of the world ) . 
  ohhhhh ... so that 's what that means . 
  shit , i should throw my trash away . 
  tito did nothing wrong !, 
   what have we been doing all this time ? 
  building a massive fucking space station the size of a football field and sending numerous rovers to mars ? 
   perpetuating fear , stereotypes and negative preconceptions . 
  the remain camp has done that too . 
  in fact , that happens with just about every political issue on every side . 
  sorry , but if you go down that route , any country where abortion is legal should be disqualified for being righteous as it is essentially making it legal to destroy human embryos . 
  but that 's a conversation no one wants to have, 
  he 's definitely right . 
  it would be stupid of russia not to adjust it 's military stance if sweden joined nato . 
   sead training can you elaborate on what that is ? 
  never heard of that before and google did n't seem to have much on it either . 
  and i 'm sure the military industrial complex was precisely the reason for that ... 
  this is kinda misleading . 
  i mean you have to qualify what they mean by defending their own country . 
  if the ca n't defend themselves from an attack from belgium , that is a concern ( assuming of course that would ever happen ) . 
  but there is nothing they could do to defend themselves from a country like america or russia ( or even the uk and france ) . 
  anyway , that report is pretty worrying . 
  it seems like a lot of countries fail to invest in the backside of things like logistics , spare parts , training , maintenance etc. . . investment in those areas is much more productive than acquiring new toys to play with, 
  very good points . 
  you 're right it is a vicious cycle . 
  some people seem to think you can fix these issues in a few years with the right government policy . 
  sadly , it might take a few generations before things improve . 
   i have seen moroccan parents tell their children not to waste their time at school and get a ( cheap ) job . 
  instead their idols are criminals , soccer players and musicians . 
  we have the same issue here in the us ( i 'll let you play '' guess the race '' on that one ) . 
  it seems like certain minority groups are boom or bust . 
  add in , they are led to believe that the best goal in life is to become either a famous athlete / musician or do nothing with their lives . 
  while other minority groups teach their kids to have much more modest ambitions of being an engineer , doctor , businessman , or tradesman . 
  the minority groups with more modest ambitions have much more success , even though they are less visabley successful ( i.e. 
  your average shop owner is n't a national celebrity ) . 
  it 's too bad . 
  telling your children the only way to be successful is to get famous ( or be a `` cool '' criminal ) only sets them up for failure because the odds of becoming a successful athlete or musician are so low . 
  some cultures need to recalibrate what they venerate , and the direction they push their kids . 
  it 's much more likely to get a career working in it or accounting , but for some reason some cultures do n't place value in those jobs . 
  sounds like they are doing everything they can to make themselves second class citizens . 
  if you do n't want to be ostracized , you probably should n't engage in activities that get you ostracized . 
  you 're right . 
  i just re-read my comment . 
  totally messed that up . 
  no wonder i caused confusion . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  i was born and raised in arizona , and now live in illinois . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  populations might be similar , but the midwest is much more spread out . 
  in the southwest , cities and towns are clustered tightly together with nothing inbetween but empty desert . 
  the midwest is all productive farmland and there are countless towns filling the gaps between big cities . 
  there 's hardly any agriculture in the emptiness of the desert . 
  so there is virtually nothing to support populations there , and virtually no rivers or lakes as well, 
  i suppose i was differentiating between continents and countries . 
  europe as a continent seems to be almost universally habitable . 
  but yeah i get your point .
