  last time i checked , they are all still very much alive . 
  this is such a bizarre question . 
  i guess most people rake their leaves . 
  it is usually city workers or small companies paid to clean up the leaves that use the blowers . 
  but obviously it varies region by region . 
  i grew up in arizona ... people do n't have lawns there . 
  they have rocks in their yard . 
  plus , there are no leaves to clean . 
  it does n't get cold enough for the leaves to fall , and most people do n't even have those trees in their yard . 
  it is either cactus or palm trees . 
  neither of those change at all during the seasons . 
  so no mowing , no watering plants , no raking up leaves . 
  your yard simply does n't change at all . 
  that actually sounds really nice in retrospect . 
  i live in illinois now and the yards require a lot more maintenance here . 
  but i still do n't know anyone with a leaf blower . 
  rakes will do just fine . 
  i know this sounds crazy , but one of the reasons i want to travel through europe is to see gypsies . 
  i 've never seen one , and i have to see if everything i have heard about them is true . 
  it 's not just europeans that dislike gypsies , a bunch of people i know who spent at least a few months in europe have told me crazy stories about gypsies . 
  hell , a friend of mine grew up in america in a town that had gypsies and he would always rant about how much he hated gypsies whenever he talked about his home town . 
  if they are so shitty , i can not fathom why they have n't had a moment of clarity and said `` maybe we should stop being thieves , liars , and scumbags '' . 
  there really is n't a lot you can do with them besides fence them off . 
  better that than everyone in town checking their pockets to see if anything has been stolen . 
  are gypsies aware that their lifestyle needs to be adjusted a little ? 
  if people have to wall you off , does n't that send you a signal that maybe your not doing things correctly ? 
  so i 'm guessing you could n't vote on campus as an alternative ? 
  so if they are all equal partners , then this does n't make much sense to me ( from the article ) . 
   promoting the ideological concept of the russkiy mir , or russian world , which places moscow at the center of the orthodox civilisation of largely russian-speaking nations . 
  is this russia using religion in an obvious way to centralize its status as a regional authority ? 
  there does n't seem to be any other explanation . 
  this looks like russia is trying to gather other countries under the banner of the russian orthodox church , as opposed to ideologies ( like communism and pan-slavism as this article points out ) . 
  this appears blatant to me . 
  i thought there would be more subtlety here . 
  oh thanks . 
  i honestly had no idea . 
  consider yourself lucky . 
  everything that makes national news in my country , always somehow makes international news as well . 
  it 's really fucking annoying to be in the news everyday . 
  hell , many international news sites even have a whole `` america '' section in the world news portion of their site . 
  i would love to have my country go under the radar for a year or two . 
  people around the world know all the bad shit that happens here , yet countries such as finland get to hide their bad news behind obscurity . 
  being in international news frequently is nothing to envy . 
  pardon my ignorance in these matters , but is there any connection between the greek orthodox church and the russian orthodox church ? 
  is there a single , all encompassing `` orthodox '' christian religion ? 
  i thought all of the orthodox churches were seperate entities , and did n't really want anything to do with each other . 
  so i guess i did n't expect someone who was a russian orthodox to put any value in greek orthodox sites ... then again , i do n't really know a damn thing about anything orthodox related . 
   even more important , at least symbolically , is promoting the ideological concept of the russkiy mir , or russian world , which places moscow at the center of the orthodox civilisation of largely russian-speaking nations . 
  at its core are the three eastern slavic states , belarus , russia , and ukraine , which kirill i , the movement 's unofficial leader , believes must maintain spiritual and cultural unity under the russian orthodox church . 
   this construct fulfills both domestic and international goals . 
  on the home front , it moves beyond the broken promise of law and order that brought mr putin to power after the chaotic 1990s , focusing on conservative values instead . 
  internationally , it places russia at the centre of a major world civilisation , cementing its role as a global power . 
   home to the world 's second biggest orthodox population and the mythological birthplace of the russian nation , ukraine is critical to the project 's success . 
  the very name of russia comes from kyivan rus , appropriated by the duchy of muscovy in the 16th century along with the spiritual heritage . 
  `` ukraine is most important , it is the centerpiece , '' says mr moshes . 
  so is this simply a shameless attempt to assert russian dominance over ukraine and belarus ? 
  any idea why russia would try to wrap itself in a cloak of religion and try to create a common identity via the orthodox church after decades of attempting to forge a common identity via an athiest government ? 
  that kind of seems odd . 
  does this have any traction amongst ukranians ? 
   just how successful russia 's arguments will be is another question . 
  many ukrainians see this as yet another muscovite attempt to steal parts of their culture and stamp out the rest . 
  how common is this view ? 
  any russkies or ukranians care to comment on how this is seen from your perspective ? 
  yes i guess it is a matter of semantics . 
  for instance , not all corporations get bail-outs funded by tax payers . 
  in fact , that is rare . 
  not all industries are subsidized by tax payers , in fact most are not . 
   i do n't want to bring up the whole military-industrial complex which thrives on tax payer money . 
  yes . 
  this is de-facto working for the government . 
  i have worked mutliple jobs for engineering companies where the government was our only customer . 
  it is almost the same thing as working for the government itself . 
  i 'm just trying to say that when people hear or see the word `` corporation '' , people picture giant , corrupt companies that take advantage of the system to enrich themselves at all costs . 
  this can be true , but most corporations do not do this . 
  hell , most people with well paying jobs work for corporations ( i do ) , and for the most part it is not anything like you described above ( yet their is a litany of examples to prove your point ) . 
  keeping that in mind , i still think it is better to aspire to work for a corporation ( preferably one that does not do the things you mentioned ) , than to aspire to work for the government . 
  by `` government '' , i really just mean the people who aspire to be some life long secretary in some useless branch of government to live a plush life . 
  i have no problem with police officers , teachers , fire fighters , and especially people who do cutting edge research in government research facilities ... 
  so yes , semantics . 
  i 'd never heard of this before today ... 
  the brits are good at keeping their dirty laundry hidden from the rest of the world . 
  that 's not similar at all . 
  at least corporations actually produce things . 
  in addition , the costs for the worker at a corporations is paid by the corporation , not via tax dollars . 
  and when you retire from a corporation , there is not fat pension fund that you recieve that is also paid by the tax payer . 
  in that light , working for a corporation is far superior to working for the state . 
  even if the british empire just came away with a silver or even a bronze , that 's still impressive for an island full of queen worshippers . 
  so maybe the empire may have been involved in some terrible things , at least the english people can find comfort knowing that there language is spoken all around the world . 
  no country accomplished great things without getting their hands dirty along the way . 
   interrogation under torture was widespread . 
  many of the men were anally raped , using knives , broken bottles , rifle barrels , snakes and scorpions . 
  a favourite technique was to hold a man upside down , his head in a bucket of water , while sand was rammed into his rectum with a stick . 
  women were gang-raped by the guards . 
  people were mauled by dogs and electrocuted . 
  the british devised a special tool which they used for first crushing and then ripping off testicles . 
  they used pliers to mutilate women 's breasts . 
  they cut off inmates ' ears and fingers and gouged out their eyes . 
  they dragged people behind land rovers until their bodies disintegrated . 
  men were rolled up in barbed wire and kicked around the compound . 
  that 's some fucked up shit right there .
