  for every ireland that was crushed , a canada or australia flourished . 
  and for every native crushed , others flourished in their place . 
  it was brutal , but history always is . 
  so yeah . 
  if i was an inhabitant of that small island off the coast of europe , almost never numerically superior over any other major power , i 'd be damn proud that my people built the modern world , and that the modern world still benefits tremendously from the legacy of the empire . 
  good for them . 
  they basically created the modern world . 
  it goes without saying that a lot of bad shit happens , but that thread is common throughout every major event in world history . 
  are we supposed to be reduced to perpetual apologizers , forbidden from being proud of past achievements ? 
  fuck that . 
  `` my bad guys !, 
  i just hope that whoever created this drug at least has the decency to say `` oops '' . 
  / u/savannajeff is australian , not american . 
   arguing that muhammad did this , ergo all of islam does it is disingenuous . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's the singular most important factor actually . 
  not only did mohammed set an example for his followers , he gave them a commandment directly from god to do those very things . 
  it is actually impossible for you to be more incorrect . 
  there was a time where an artist was someone who painted things like the sistine chapel . 
  now , every time i see the word artist , they are referring to a feminist that 's naked for some reason . 
  it depends on the country . 
  for a small , irrelevant country yes . 
  for a large country that is important on the world stage . 
  dear god . 
  i have n't heard that name in a long time . 
  that brings back embarrassing memories from middle school . 
  i used to think those guys were the coolest thing ever . 
  jesus that 's humiliating . 
  this is one of the dumbest conversations i have had in a long time . 
  i think we both want it to end . 
  i 'm not pissing away the rest of my monday arguing over whether or not every woman in history was oppressed . 
  let 's just end this . 
  i use left wing as a slur because so many left wingers think that by virtue of them not aligning with the right , they are inherently intelligent . 
  i am not right wing , because as you pointed out earlier , the right does some really stupid shit in my country . 
  it 's possible to think both are retarded . 
  but , there are hardly any right wing americans on reddit ( the americans on reddit are overwhelmingly liberal \\ progressive ) so i end up in arguments with liberals more often . 
  and left wingers are babied so much on reddit , they can not accept any form of criticism . 
  anyway , on to your next turd of a comment :  i said that was one of the `` traditional marriage '' values once upon a time , but that it is conveniently left out by bigots now in their continuing retreat fight against sensibility and in defense of their right to oppress . 
  they had to give up oppression against women and other races but that is n't stopping them from claiming their right to oppress others . 
  good lord , can you go one comment without using words like `` oppress '' `` bigot '' `` race '' bla bla bla . 
  if you ca n't come up with an argument devoid of buzzwords , you have no argument at all . 
  and no , those were never the cornerstone values of marriage . 
  establishing a united family in which to create/raise children is the traditional value of marriage . 
  not to `` oppress '' whatever class of victim you can come up with . 
  i do n't care about any of that . 
  i am not even right wing , just keep an eye on the silliness of the left wing . 
  and i do n't care if gay people get married . 
  i am happy for them actually . 
  my lesbian aunt is happily married , and two good friends of mine got married last year and i was thrilled for them . 
  the only exception i am having to this argument is saying that the entire construct of marriage is to force women into servitude , and be bigoted against gay people . 
  that 's just idiotic honestly . 
  do you really think marriage was just a giant conspiracy to hurt gay people ? 
  whatever dude . 
  i hope you feel good being able to bash `` traditional marriage '' . 
  that 's probably the highlight of your week . 
  look . 
  you 've already outed yourself as a typical , radical left wing liberal who converses strictly in buzzwords . 
  let 's look at your last three comments to see how you stand up on the buzzword top ten list of liberals :  `` traditional marriage '' is a term invented by * homophobes *  in an attempt to justify their desire for * oppression *  * woman * into a position of * servitude *  pretending that the term `` traditional marriage '' has n't been invented in order to defend * bigotry * is moronic . 
  go back to tumblr with this nonsense . 
  it 's crazy to see people actually take your comments seriously . 
  i already know how this conversation is gon na go , and conversing with new age liberals is about the biggest time waste one can come up with . 
  enjoy your revisionist history though , and your victim factory pumping out new `` oppressed '' people every week . 
  i am not arguing this with you anymore , you clearly see a victim under every rock and behind every tree . 
  marriage has almost always been about uniting a man and a woman together , to unite families and create the next generation . 
  but whatever , if that is misogynistic and homophobic to you , then you ca n't be helped . 
  if you think marriage is synonymous with bigotry , than you are a fool of the highest order . 
  this knock on marriage is a very recent thing , and is directly related to the trend of creating so called victims wherever , and however possible . 
   `` traditional marriage '' is a term invented by homophobes in an attempt to justify their desire for oppression good god , this looks like it was copied and pasted from the most dramatic tubmlr post in / r/tumblrinaction . 
  marriage has almost always had some religious connection , and has historically been about uniting a man and woman in some sort of holy union . 
  whether or not that is an anachronism now is a different debate . 
  but saying traditional marriage is a term invented by homophobes is possibly the dumbest thing i have read on reddit in a long time . 
  that is quite the accomplishment . 
  totally misunderstood you . 
  i 'm gon na be upfront and tell you i disagree with you on both your a ) diagnosis of the problems facing the world now and in the future and b ) your solutions to the problem . 
  for any policy to work , you need two things . 
  a goal , and plan to make that goal reality . 
  your goal seems to be to create multicultural societies throughout europe . 
  fine , but you seem to be optimistic about that actually working . 
  the plan seems to be importing people from dissimilar cultures . 
  what if that causes friction though ? 
  you seem to think it will be this idealistic society if you do import people from different cultures . 
  but the natives do n't seem to always get along with these new people , and half of the people coming from these different cultures do n't seem to want to assimilate and would rather form parallel societies . 
  so you seem to have thought this through in terms of best case scenarios , and completely neglected the possibility of a worst case scenario coming to fruition . 
  in short , this seems very naive , and your idea runs with the assumption that the mixing of different cultures can only have positive outcomes . 
  what are your plans for the negative outcomes ? 
  and if you do want to create multi-ethnic societies , is the best way to do that to force foreigners in against the will of the native populace ? 
  and to do so rapidly with hardly any time to adjust ? 
   i am not certain if you are being sarcastic about `` the eu is working fairly well '' . 
  well i was trying to be a little diplomatic . 
  telling people in / r/europe that the eu is a dumpster fire wo n't endear you to many europeans . 
  well it seems like the eu is working fairly well right now . 
  it 's not perfect or anything but it is functional with numerous countries having their own ethnicities . 
  what if other people do n't want a federal eu though ? 
  and what if other people do n't want multi-ethnic countries , but instead want a their own country for their own ethnicities ? 
  what would you say to them ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's a good thing or a bad thing . 
  but can you articulate why you want that ? 
  what do you think the benefits of that would be ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  thanks for the links .
