  i hope none of the piigs have claimed the couch as their bed yet . 
  i thought for a second you had forgotten the most trite talking point . 
  i was confused that it was n't mentioned first in that list of american quirks . 
  thanks for posting good news about greece . 
  see , i 'm not programmed to believe everything is bad about greece . 
  `` if the us government disappeared , the american nation would disintegrate and each race and religion would fight against the others . '', 
  did you feel good about yourself typing that ? 
  you know more about americans than i do . 
  i was unaware that racial and religious tensions were so bad that we are all just waiting for the opportunity to attack each other . 
  what about the people of mixed race though ? 
  who would obama fight for ? 
  also believes in a citizen 's right to own an assault weapon and not a citizen 's right to free healthcare ? 
  i 'm really glad people like albert einstein , nikola tesla , enrico fermi , edward teller , and wernher von braun were n't fit for europe . 
  hey mitso , i 'm just giving you a hard time , do n't take it too seriously . 
  if you ever see me saying some asshole-ish about greece i am only saying it towards 86mitso . 
  i really do n't have anything against greece , but mitso is easily agitated when someone talks shit about greece . 
  basically i find great entertainment in fucking with him . 
  i should probably stop , but it 's hard to resist . 
  you have a way with words that makes me smile every time is read your comments . 
  you could have said `` lots of good news actually , you just never hear about it '' . 
  instead , you went with me being programmed to only hear or read bad news . 
  as for the good news you cited : 1 ) lol . 
  keep dreaming . 
  i thought ze germans were gon na steal all your oil . 
  2 ) lol . 
  more cooking of the books from the expert greek statistician magicians . 
  3 ) oh my god !, 
  ze germans are stealing your sunshine too ?!? 
  4 ) nope 5 ) i read that article last week . 
  that was just germany 's way of being nice . 
  they really went to greece to drop off a stack of bills and do this : 8 = = =d ~ x_o that 's a german dick jizzing in a greek dude 's eye . 
  part of the terms of germany buying greece was they get to ask for sexual favors from every man , woman , and child in greece . 
  if the greeks refuse , germany sells greece back to the turks at a bargain . 
  i heard merkel has a harem of 1000 virgin greek boys , and she forces them to toss her salad every night . 
  wow . 
  way to ignore all of the countries i mentioned that are projected to have zero growth , low growth or economic contraction . 
  conveniently all the countries whose economies are circling the drain have much higher gdp 's than the countries you mentioned . 
  which means , economic deterioration in big countries outweighs the economic growth in small countries . 
  here is another example of your convenient cherry picking . 
  you picked one country outside the ez that had a good economy , norway , but omitted a much bigger ( 5x bigger ) economy that is heading towards another recession , the uk . 
  that does n't seem fair . 
  perhaps i misinterpreted `` crisis '' by using too broad a definition . 
  here is what is broadly happening in 2013 . 
  growth is slowing down , unemployment is rising , emigration is rising , debts are rising . 
  there is virtually zero economic data coming out of europe that anyone would call `` good '' . 
  `` not shitty '' is the new `` good '' . 
  how the hell is the crisis over ? 
  apparently spain , portugal , greece , italy , ireland , and now cyprus , and even possibly france did n't get back memo . 
  there is unemployment of historic proportions , economies contracting throughout europe , even germany is headed for almost zero growth , and a half assed banking union was thrown together . 
  nothing has been fixed . 
  countries are still seeing high emigration . 
  how many countries are lining up for a bail out ? 
  competitiveness still has n't been addressed . 
  this is like an addict telling you he 's clean . 
  further proof that english is pursuing its divine mission of driving a stake through the heart of all of the lesser languages . 
  can you remember the last time good news came from your country ? 
  well what if we just start changing things around and tell you you 're doing it wrong . 
  the student has become the master . 
  the roles have changed . 
  i like the way that sounds . 
  swedish is easy . 
  that 's interesting . 
  how do they translate words like using `` google '' as a verb , as in `` i googled an article '' ? 
  i ca n't see words this like being translated . 
  i feel like even the europeans that agree with him , still feel required to call him , and the british in general , obstructionist dicks . 
  it 's almost like many european redditors admit they agree with the british on reforming a number of issues in the eu and ez , but hate the british for pointing out the flaws so publicly . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  it 's good to know that you are on a business trip and found some time to do some redditing , and are not just staring at your computer screen , bleary eyed , and posting shit to / r/europe at damn near 4 am when most of the subscribers to this subreddit are in bed right now , dreaming of a brexit . 
  two questions : 1 ) why is it that virtually no europeans on this sub reddit would agree with , or even acknowledge this : `` very large numbers of people across europe agree with him , and that is a greater danger for brussels . 
  the latest eurobarometer surveys shows that just 30pc of europeans now have a `` positive view '' of the eu . 
  france 's vox agora praised david cameron for breaking the taboo and igniting a pan-european debate , running a red-blooded headline : `` towards the end of european dictatorship ? '', 
  `` the british prime minister has scored a bulls-eye , '' said the frankurter allgemeine , germany 's most venerable newspaper . 
  `` cameron is right : the eu must be more flexible and competitive . 
  the return of competences to the national authorities must be made possible . 
  the eu must be made more democratic at long last . '' '', 
  2 ) i am 99 % positive that you are british , huonym . 
  it was 3:30 in the morning when you posted this , should n't you be in bed right now ? 
  monolinguist and damn proud of it !, 
  speaking even a word of a gutter language ( i.e. 
  language other than the noble english language ) would be nothing short of a disgrace to my ancestors . 
  probably by looking at the rapid rise in unemployment the infographic that was just posted depicts . 
  that would be your first piece of evidence . 
  ha ha , okay fine i will answer your questions : i have no problems with canadians . 
  i was making a joke about making canadians look bad , because well ... i would find humor in that . 
  i guess you can get into the middle of other people 's heated debates , i would just advise against it . 
  when two drunks are fighting outside of a bar , the last thing i would do is get in the middle of it . 
  i did n't downvote your comments . 
  i only down voted the comment you made about asking for upvotes , i only suggested i would . 
  but i did n't . 
  i was not asking you to remove your flair because you demonstrate patriotism , i was asking you to remove your flair for using the words `` sarcy cunts '' , then asking for history lessons while two people were fighting . 
  that is the quickest way to paint a target on your back , and having a brit call you a `` yankee twat '' or something similar , and having an irishman call you a `` plastic paddy '' for associating yourself as irish . 
  i also had nothing against your politics , i was against you inserting yourself in a debate in which you really had no place in it . 
  if you choose to pick a side , and get in the middle of a fight , do n't be surprised if you are either ignored , or become a focus of the fight itself . 
  most of what i was saying was advice , just said in a rather dickish way . 
  i said it in a dickish way because i am rather hungover , and have no capacity for pleasantries at the moment . 
  whatever . 
  never ask for upvotes , you look like a desperate beggar while doing so . 
  i was n't specifically looking for your comments , i was reading through this thread , and half the time i saw a comment that made me cringe , it was yours . 
  and as for minding my own business , perhaps you should mind your own . 
  when a brit and an irishman are having a heated fight , do not step and be like `` i have a squirt of irish blood in me , i 'm going to stick up for my fellow irishman against the evil english '' .
