   there 's also the issue of getting a decent job without a degree . 
  yeah this blows , but a buddy of mine works in it without a degree and makes like $ 18/hr . 
  it 's not a whole lot , but you ca n't really expect to make much more being 25 without a degree . 
   i know from my high school only a minority could afford to get secondary education . 
  well if in state tuition is as much as you say , i completely understand . 
  however , there are always an abundance of scholarships people are far too lazy to apply for ( like i was in college ) that can reduce the costs quite a bit . 
  but yeah , it 's either that or take out loans . 
  illinois must have ridiculous college costs . 
  my tuition in az was $ 3000 per semester ( i think its $ 4000 now ) . 
  the figure you mentioned seems more like out of state tuition or private school tuition . 
  fuck that shit . 
   i hope someone from the us has a good laugh with this . 
  i 'm from the us and i 'm not laughing . 
  it 's mostly true . 
  there is some nuance to it of course . 
  but broadly speaking , it 's completely correct . 
   university fees are at $ 25,000 + for a year jesus christ !, 
  what state do you live in !, 
  that 's almost ten times the amount it was in my state ( arizona ) . 
  and what degree are you getting ? 
  there are a lot of job prospects in my area ( now i live in illinois ) for new graduates , and the pay around here is damn good . 
  and if you have a job , you should get great health insurance with 2-3 weeks vacation . 
  your comment would make a lot of sense if it were 2008-2009 , but the turn around i have seen for people in their mid 20 's has been an absolute 180 degree turn around in the last few years . 
  i mean , i literally know a grand total of zero people who are underemployed or unemployed . 
  everyone i know , spanning ages from 20-35 , in a dozen different states , has a good job . 
  it was n't always like that , but the economy has been pretty solid for the last few years . 
  but so do other countries . 
  germany is n't special in that regard . 
  that is clearly a major component of germany 's reaction , but that still leaves unresolved questions . 
  why is all the focus on the nsa , and not on other countries spy agencies like britain 's gchq , or france 's own veritable dgse . 
  the glaring omission of these agencies from german media critique may not mean anything to you , but it does to us . 
  so basically , why is germany unique in their outrage ( other countries were outraged , but germany 's reaction seems to be orders of magnitude larger than other countries ) ? 
  and why is the outrage purely directed towards the us , when we know that british and french spy agencies have basically behaved in the same way that us spy agencies ? 
  none of these questions are answered by `` we like our privacy '' . 
  there is more to the story here . 
  thanks for the graphic . 
  it looks like german press has actually covered the nsa at least as much as english speaking press , and quite possibly much more than english speaking press . 
  germany seems to be concerned about the nsa far more than any other country . 
  i wonder why that is ? 
  and i doubt the memories of east germany 's secret police is the only explanation . 
  there must be other reasons since they are not the only country with this memory . 
  well i ca n't exactly confirm what you are saying since i do n't understand german , but the english version of spiegel seems to feature nsa articles regularly , and prominently . 
  i have no idea what is being said in german media that is actually written in german though . 
  lol , well i was n't exactly suggesting that pushing back was the definitive reason this article was written . 
  i was just speculating about possibilities , and suggesting the snowden thing might be responsible for the indignation in the article . 
  all of this seems more like palace intrigue than anything . 
  who knows what is said behind closed doors , and who knows how deep the web of trade and ties countries have with russia . 
  we 're all just a bunch of people sitting behind a computer guessing about things we have very little real knowledge about . 
  no one here really knows how us officials ( or any other officials ) actually think about this situation . 
   you know , the apparent indignation in the article would go down a lot better if the us had n't been spying on germany . 
  not really . 
  i think this is the author 's , and the us official 's way of saying `` if you paint us in your media as a duplicitous ally who can not be trusted , well two can play that game '' . 
  this article could be less effective without the context of snowden . 
  it is possible that articles like these are a way of pushing back against accusations of american treachery , and are now giving countries like germany the same treatment germany has given america . 
  this is all speculation of course , but it could be one possible explanation of the `` indignation '' witnessed in this article . 
  ( to be fair , this article was n't just one big hit against germany , it mentioned the french warships being built for russia , and ended with this statement from fiona hill : `` everyone was looking for a way to cooperate with the russian military and rushed to find ways to do it , including us , '' ), 
   georgian war proved that russian army is a joke - they met next to no resistance yet still struggled very much to have everything done . 
  and they still managed to capture all of their objectives in three days . 
  i think as time passes , it looks more and more likely that the operations in georgia were little more than a dry run of subsequent invasions . 
  sure russia struggled in georgia , but they also learned a good deal about their capabilities and tactics at the time . 
  they seem to have taken those lessons and translated them into much more modern military equipment , and their tactics have been refined * . 
  * disclaimer : i do n't know shit about russia 's tactics , nor anyone else 's . 
  i am just guessing that their tactics have been refined since that is a logical conclusion of learning and implementing lessons . 
  fuck no !, 
  where did i ever say that ? 
  i never really even said my opinion one way or another , how did you infer that i am okay with the cia raping and torturing someone ? 
   however , that does n't mean that drones are `` always okay '' and it does n't mean that the agressive and often illegal actions of the us are `` always okay '' . 
  every time a bystander gets killed , you create a thousand new radical fighters . 
  every time another drone killing civilians gets reported , you increase these conflicts . 
  i totally agree . 
  i was just assuming a scenario where this guy was killed by a drone and no civilians were killed . 
  would the reaction be the same ? 
  i guess i would probably get a different answer from everyone asked . 
   the way i see it , any change of course would have to come from germany i think that is an understood truth at this point . 
  but i am guessing there will be some breaking point where the crisis-stricken countries say `` enough is enough , the situation must change '' . 
  to be honest , i am surprised that has n't happened yet . 
  maybe the countries most affected by the crisis simply have no leverage , but i am guessing the fact that many countries are struggling should be enough weight to push through some reforms . 
  and if germany kills those reforms , well they will only make themselves look worse in the eyes of the other countries . 
  germany can not indefinitely dominate the conversation without some sort of fallout . 
  there is a limit to how much misery and hopelessness people can tolerate . 
  so the complication is that he is more british than french ? 
  or are you suggesting that his past career makes his opinion less valid somehow ? 
  i 'm just a little confused as to what you are referring to when you say `` it 's more complicated '' . 
  i see a bunch of comments here ( and other times a european jihadi has been killed in syria ) that are of the attitude `` whatever . 
  good riddance '' . 
  i have a question though . 
  would europeans have this same attitude if instead of being killed by another jihadi , they were killed by an american drone ? 
  would that elicit outrage or would it elicit the same apathy witnessed here ? 
  you did n't . 
  it 's an opinion piece from a french guy , why would it hurt my feelings ? 
  i do n't endorse the opinion of every article i post , i just post things i think others will find interesting ( or bs : b ), 
   germany , in particular , remains in denial about its banks ' bad loans . 
  loath to cede control over its stricken banks , berlin has used its clout to eviscerate the euro zone 's banking union . 
  worse , the german government , together with the european commission and the european central bank , wrongly blamed the euro zone crisis on fiscal profligacy across southern europe . 
  * this self-serving misdiagnosis has inflicted lasting economic and political damage . 
  * so far , the political damage has been limited to the crisis-stricken countries . 
  at what point will the political damage move upstream to germany ? 
  i 'm not talking about political damage limited internally to germany , but political damage occurring at the whole of germany from other nations in the ez . 
  at some point , people are going to want to change the course of this ship , and since germany is at the helm , will their be political fallout for germany in the near future ? 
  i agree with all your points .
