  we have replaced that with a thriving , bribe/nepotism based economy . 
  want a contract , who do you know ? 
  want a comfy job ? 
  work for the public sector . 
  want a senate seat ? 
  bribe the governor ( too be fair , the governor did go to jail for that ) . 
   they would run the state into the ground and then invade mexico for the cocaine . 
  you are aware that texas is basically a self sufficient , economic power house and is one of the best run states in the country , right ? 
  it would be almost impossible for texas to run itself into the ground with the gigantic agricultural , energy , and technology industries that state is endowed with . 
  edit : you 're making sarcastic comments all over the place , as i have just noticed . 
  i am going out on a limb here and guessing you 're just fucking around . 
  sometimes i think europeans can only forget the past by moving to a different continent . 
  do you guys seriously still fight over this shit ? 
  until there is an article in speigel saying `` us forcing europe to support its military industrial complex and slash its social safety net to starve the poor '' . 
  sure . 
  but that does n't suggest imminent collapse , domestic issues ( and there are a litany of them ) are almost always present . 
  what we see now is not beyond the magnitude of domestic issues we have seen at other times in the past . 
  i am more confident of the future than discouraged . 
   i think that everyone believes or wants to believe that they are the best , including our own countrymen . 
  i totally agree . 
  i think a sign of maturity is to acknowledge that there is no ` best '' , and that there are many places that offer broadly similar standards of living . 
  i totally admit that plenty of americans boast about being number one , and talk shit about other countries . 
  but there is a huge amount of americans that denigrate the us , and constantly express admiration of european countries . 
  i can probably count on one hand the amount of times i have seen a european express any level of admiration . 
  the best i see is a begrudging acknowledgment that we do n't live our lives wallowing in penury . 
  anyway , that 's a whole separate issue that i would rather not spend a lot of time on . 
  it 's all my opinion anyway . 
   dismissing data is a hell of a lot easier than acknowledging that a system you disagree with , while not ideal and has problems , also has advantages . 
  it 's just an effort to make a complicated grey shaded world just a bit more black and white . 
  i think that is part of human nature as well . 
  it 's much easier to focus on one `` tile '' so to speak in a complicated mosaic of issues , than to consider a system in its entirety . 
  yup . 
  that 's par for the course on this sub . 
  i honestly think europeans view us americans as heavily impoverished , eating food at the trough next to barn animals , and getting our gangrenous leg cut off with a hack saw and being charged $ 1 trillion dollars for the surgery . 
  some of them can not cope with the fact that most of us are relatively prosperous , and enjoy a high standard of living . 
  for acknowledging that would destroy everything they are taught to believe about us . 
  and since their world seemingly revolves around asserting superiority over us , any evidence that we are not backwards savages must be denied as propaganda . 
  it can . 
  it 's simply a matter of priorities and values . 
  it reminds of this quote : `` do n't tell me what you value . 
  show me your budget , and i 'll tell you what you value . '', 
   there is no incentive to do otherwise . 
   yeah , you are kinda falling apart , are n't you ? 
  our economy has been growing for several years in a row now , and unemployment is around 6.3 % . 
  but sure , we 're falling apart at the seams . 
  yeah i do n't know what to say man . 
  that sucks about your situation . 
  i sincerely hope you can figure something out and get a decent job . 
  nobody deserves a job that pays famine wages . 
  everyone deserves a basic amount of dignity . 
  it 's hard to justify getting out of bed in the morning and getting to work when your getting paid a wage that is beneath a minimum amount of a living wage . 
  good luck . 
  fair enough . 
  i should have asked if you lived in a comparable city . 
  but yeah , chicago is fucking expensive . 
  chicago is one of the most expensive cities in the us . 
  i live in the same state that chicago is in , but in a smallish-medium size city and it is 1/3 as expensive as chicago . 
  i do n't know if i should congratulate you for getting a job or pity you for getting a job . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i have n't followed this issue that far back . 
  i guess france just really needed the boost to it 's defense industry . 
  i agree . 
  it should be as simple as adding a little footnote in existing law to specify that marriage should not be gender based ( or in my opinion , that all decisions regarding marriage should be beyond the scope of government and it should n't be an issue regarding the gov ' t in the first place ) . 
  oh well , centuries of ingrained culture are difficult to turn around in a few generations , yet it is trending that way currently . 
  i 'm sure in one generation ( two at the most ) , gay marriage will simply be a non issue . 
  your opinion will not be taken kindly here , but you do have a point . 
  this is common amongst liberals/progressives the world over . 
  i live in state a ( illinois ) that has the worst credit rating in the country , its interest rates on its bonds are ever increasing , we are already heavily in debt and the cost of servicing debt is only increasing , our high taxes are already pushing industry out of state , underfunded pension funds are gobbling up ever increasing amounts of the budget which crowds out other services , or necessitates higher taxes , but what do all my `` progressive '' friends care about ? 
  gay marriage . 
  that is it . 
  i am not ideologically aligned in any way , but it really makes me loath the 20-something year old progressive . 
  they are one trick ponies . 
  the only issues they care about are access to abortion and gay marriage , that is it . 
  i guess paradise on earth will be achieved once every gay person will be allowed to be married , and we wo n't need to worry about anything else . 
  who cares if there are cuts to the police and fire departments , who cares if municipalities in my state are on the cusp of bankruptcy , who cares if there will be inevitable tax increases , that do not solve the problem and are only band aid solutions . 
  who cares if those issues effect 100 % of the population as opposed to around 5 % . 
  gay marriage is the only thing that matters . 
  to be clear i am all for gay marriage , but it would n't even rank in my top ten list of issues that matter most . 
  but this obsession with appearing `` enlightened '' and `` progressive '' by focusing so much attention on gay marriage is really frustrating . 
  they are also looking after the long term interests of its defense/shipping industry as well . 
  it 's a complicated situation . 
  no doubt france is probably feeling a little awkward about this whole thing , but france has a robust military industry and they do not want to be perceived as unreliable partners for countries that they sell military equipment to . 
  ironically , the desire to be perceived as reliable to nations they sell military equipment to will make them seem unreliable as nato/european partners . 
  it 's a shitty situation all around . 
  france had no idea this stuff with ukraine would happen when they signed those contracts . 
  this must be a headache for france 's political/industrial/military leadership . 
  i do not envy their position right now . 
  but they are doing what they feel is necessary . 
   okay , i thought a controversial title might get some attention with this philosophy , you can be the editor of any major newspaper or media outlet in the world . 
  and you are right , it does seem to have gotten attention . 
  mission accomplished . 
   france revenge for the 10000000000 usd fine to bnp by usa so they planned this revenge several years in advance , before they would have ever possibly known about a fine in the future ? 
  and somehow selling ships to russia is a middle finger to the us , and no other countries in europe ? 
  i 'm taking a wild guess and assuming this comment is sarcastic . 
  why do you care so much about the interests of the us when it comes to defending europe ? 
  do you believe there is such a thing as altruism when it comes to geopolitics ? 
  i sure do n't . 
  but i do care about the net effects of a country 's actions . 
  france basically paved the way for my own country 's independence . 
  i do n't believe for one second they did it out of the kindness of their hearts .
