  ha ha good point . 
  we take the trash of our society and give them reality shows and broadcast it around the world . 
  god dammit . 
  do you actually get jersey shore on regular tv or do you have to watch it on the internet ? 
  are there a lot of gypsies in serbia ? 
  like if i were to visit serbia , would i expect to see any gypsies or would i have to intentionally try to find them ? 
  you 're commendable for posting these pictures about your country . 
  most people would never put their country 's dirty laundry on display like you have . 
  cool thanks !, 
  how are you following this ? 
  is it just greek media that is covering this , or are there other sites ? 
  that article was written in 2012 . 
  a lot has changed since then . 
  i 'm not saying what was in this article was wrong , but it would 've been better seeing something more current . 
  cool stuff . 
  any idea what is behind that 3rd chamber yet ? 
  working on the weekend or something ? 
  i agree , and totally understand everything you said . 
  my biggest complaint is when the topic has nothing to do with the us . 
  there could be an article about unemployment in italy , and the highest comment is saying something like `` that 's not bad , you should see america ! '' . 
  it just gets annoying as hell after a while . 
  anyway , i digress . 
  i do n't want to talk about this much more either . 
  it 's friday , i 'm at work , and i just wan na go home :(, 
  we must live in two different worlds then . 
  because i usually see baseless , sensationalist comments about my country upvoted immediately , often when the us is n't even relevant to the conversation . 
  i swear half the top comments in / r/worldnews are comments that divert all attention to the us even though the article has nothing to do with the us . 
  and often the comments are made by americans . 
  take this article for instance . 
  it 's about a bloc of countries in the eurozone being critical of germany 's approach to the crisis in the eurozone , and you mentioned nothing about that and instead talked about the us . 
  why ? 
  i see americans being overly critical to the point where we are seemingly suffering from mass hysteria . 
  you probably do n't pick up on these things since you are n't american . 
  we probably see different things , and different trends about comments based on our nationality . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , and being self critical is extremely important . 
  it just becomes exhausting at a certain point when you just know if you go into a thread about one country'a problem , and the first comments you see are predictably about america . 
  what does that have to do with this article ? 
  finally !, 
  at least one person here gets it . 
  i would n't be coming over to assimilate , just fuck bitches . 
  i do n't think i would need to learn a language for that , especially since my plan would be to spread my seed throughout all of europe . 
  learn 20 languages ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  you 're never going to win this battle . 
  many people here see governments as infallible entities beyond reproach . 
  a government could nationalize entire industries and liquidate all the assets so it could fill the gaps in its budget and it would be met with resounding applause here . 
  all the government would have to do is demonize said industry before hand , and the masses of / r/europe would celebrate the fact that their government fucked over some nasty foreign entity . 
  for some reason , this applies particularly to the energy industry . 
  who cares if this has future implications by effecting future investments in their country as long as a foreigner was fucked over . 
  how is what germany did any different than [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/04/us-argentina-ypf-idusbre8421gv20120504 ) ? 
  start fucking more . 
  if you ca n't do it , i can fly over and help . 
  if they came from regions of asia that had high levels of swine flu , then yes . 
  of course they should . 
  government 's are tasked with looking after the citizens they govern over , not avoiding hurting peoples ' feelings from other countries . 
  maybe this should n't be done with people from the entirety of africa , but refusing to allow anyone into your city from ebola stricken regions of africa seems damn sensible . 
  in case you did n't notice , one guy from liberia just brought this virus to my country , and in a few days it has spread to at least two and almost certainly more . 
  so from my perspective , forbidding africans from entering a city does not reek of populism . 
  it seems extremely prudent . 
  it seems like the smartest fucking thing you could do at the moment . 
  so if you are concerned about ebola getting into your city , you should make irish , japanese , and mexican people be subjected to proving they do n't have ebola so you do n't offend the sensabilities of africans ? ... even though ebola is non existent those countries , and it is ravaging african countries ? 
  your pc levels are idiotically high ... you would make a perfect politician . 
  thanks for being so condescending . 
  by the way , can you tell me why , in a post about the uk 's economy , you are bringing up america 's ? 
  i 'd like to address the shit you just pooped into my inbox , but i 'd like to know why any of it is relevant first . 
   the million dollar question is , can they and will they ?!, 
  i think europeans would rather commit collective suicide than suffer the indignity of admitting the uk did anything worth emulating . 
  hell , they still wo n't even admit their fiscal policies are fatally flawed . 
  they look askance at those perfidious albions for a source of derision , not advice . 
  there is zero chance of the eu learning any lesson from the uk experience . 
  that notion is unthinkable . 
  true . 
  uncle sam hates terrorist scum . 
  lady liberty gives no shit about gender . 
  it 's a touchy subject . 
  i think it 's different because they 're females . 
  if they were males ? 
  no way . 
  but these are young girls . 
  i feel bad for them . 
  these girls need to come home . 
  they learned their lesson . 
  i ca n't imagine what their mom and dad are going through . 
  they must be mortified . 
  those official statistics by the german government are all anglo lies . 
  plus jack lew should keep his mouth shut until the us has zero percent unemployment , a hefty trade surplus , and zero national debt . 
  nothing could ever be wrong with german policy regarding anything . 
  germany is perfect . 
  all other countries are inferior . 
  wow . 
  lot 's of butthurt germans here . 
  apparantly you can run away from charts , graphs , reams of economic data , and official statements from the imf as long as it is reported by insidious british media . 
  i found it bizarre that german media rarely reports on their own faltering economy , but will chest thump more than any other country when their economy is doing well . 
  sounds like germans are unaccustomed to criticism about its economy , so pretend like its a grand conspiracy . 
  this does note bode well for your future . 
  i thought your politicians were irredeemably insane . 
  now i see large swathes of your population is too . 
  many europeans ca n't give america credit for anything revolutionary like that . 
  who cares if our revolution preceded france 's , and did not involve an emperor taking over shortly thereafter . 
  i think a lot of europeans think of themselves as too good to understand american history and its impact on the world .
