  holy shit that guy was a dick head . 
  poland should try again . 
  what does it have to lose ? 
  that just shows that you need to be more aggressive than the other two nations . 
  perhaps poland should have thought of that before . 
   1.5 million people were affected and almost half of them ( 700 000 ) were executed by shooting . 
  when i see stats like this , it makes me wonder how 700,000 people were executed by a bullet . 
  how long would that take to shoot 700,000 people ? 
  how do you find enough executioners for that ? 
  where do you put all the bodies ? 
  700,000 seems like such a big number that it becomes surreal . 
  it 's hard to imagine that actually happened . 
   it 's your country and it 's your responsibility to deal with your government and how do you propose russians `` deal '' with their government ? 
  you know , russia has had , and will always have , one of the most effective secret police organizations in the world . 
  aside from starting a full blown revolution , a single person can not completely change the complexion of the country 's politics ( this applies to pretty much every country also ) . 
  so yeah , it 's perfectly natural to see a russian distance himself from the state . 
  he has little say in how it is run , and can do little to change it . 
  so why are you getting on his ass for using terms like `` this state '' ? 
  it would be helpful if he clarified because now it is open for interpretation . 
  saying things like the us carries the `` big stick '' also has military connotations . 
  maybe you 're right though , as he probably does n't at all advocate military intervention , and he probably did n't even consider people assuming that is what he meant . 
  i interpreted the term `` intervene '' fairly loosely . 
  i am just guessing that is what he meant . 
  especially when he said it would good if the us got a taste of its own medicine . 
  so yeah , i am just speculating , but it seems invasion is what was implied . 
  true . 
  i said that mostly because egalitaristen said `` europe intervene in the us '' . 
  and most countries in europe are also in nato . 
  so yeah , sweden and ireland may not be formal allies , but that hardly changes the general thrust of the argument egalitaristen was trying to make . 
  oh i definitely agree . 
  i was simply pointing out that nogales is kinda unique , hence why he picked that city specifically . 
  but yeah , if you have n't been to the cities you are making comparisons of , you ca n't guarantee anything ... you can only speculate . 
  well i 'm not so sure about that . 
  it is expensive to live in the desert . 
  but at the same time , i spend more on energy bills heating up my house now that i am living in the midwest ( illinois ) . 
  so this same logic can apply to places where it gets cold . 
  it would be extremely difficult to live where i live now if it was n't for heating , just like the desert would be extremely difficult to live in if it was n't for cooling . 
  however , i should say that the comparison is n't exactly fair . 
  that comparison totally omits the factor of water . 
  in most places access to water is n't really a big consideration because it is so abundant . 
  in the desert , you really need to artificially control water in ways that you do n't need to living pretty much anywhere else . 
  not the person you are responding to . 
  but nogales is a border city in arizona . 
  it is in fact one city cut in half by the border . 
  so he 's not comparing two generic cities in the us . 
  he 's comparing the quintessential american with basically a mexican city that happens to be in the us . 
  basically , he 's comparing a mexican city with an american one , and saying there are as big of differences between them as there are between european ones . 
   arizona and manhattan are in the same country i think a lot of you europeans are missing the point here . 
  he did n't just say arizona and manhattan . 
  he specifically mentioned nogales , az. 
  it is a border town * populated almost entirely by mexicans , which is not true for the rest of arizona . 
  so nogales is not just like a region of the us with a slightly different sub culture ... nogales basically is mexico inside the us . 
  anyway , just wanted to clarify that . 
  it does n't really take away from your main criticism though , that for the most part there is n't a whole lot differences between states . 
  and i totally agree with you on that . 
  * actually , the city itself was cut in half by the border so there is a nogales , arizona and a nogales , mexico right next to each other . 
  well we are way past that point where we can go back and unpopulate those areas . 
  so there is no point in really asking `` why settle somewhere that is so hostile '' since they are already settled . 
  tens of millions of people live in the desert . 
  so we pretty much have to spend a lot of energy on ac . 
  and there are a number of economic reasons to live in the desert also . 
  so people would live there regardless of whether or not ac existed . 
  ac just makes it much less miserable than it otherwise would be . 
  so do you think europe should intervene in every country that has worse standards than europe does ? 
  that would be virtually every country outside of europe ? 
  i 'd love for these guys complaining about ac use in america to spend anytime in the south or southwest . 
  arizona would be uninhabitable without it . 
   a lot of us here agree . 
  do you define `` a lot '' as `` around 10 people '' ? 
  i do n't know anyone who agrees with what you are saying . 
  everyone who upvoted you should be embarrassed of themselves . 
  i saw this comment when you first posted it and figured it would be buried with down votes because of the unprecedented stupidity contained within this comment . 
   as a swede , i feel that the conditions in the us are so inhumane that an intervention would really be required , just like the us intervenes in other countries on the grounds of responsibility to protect [ 3 ] , so should europe intervene in the us . 
  this is where the wheels completely came off of your argument . 
  you think europe should forcefully intervene in the ally that supplies most of their military capabilities because of the solitary confinement the worst prisoners in the country are kept in ? 
   but it would really be good for them to get a taste of their own medicine . 
  you are seriously talking about invading america because of some prison ? 
  are you honestly this stupid ? 
  are other europeans here this stupid ? 
  or is this simply a manifestation of euro-hysteria ? 
  you 're definitely right that we ( americans ) diminish the role of the soviet union , and we need to talk about their role more . 
  but to be fair , when we talk about ww2 , we talk about whole european/african theatre , and the pacific theatre . 
  it seems like europeans completely forget the war on the other side of the world ( notice your comment makes no mention of japan ) . 
  i understand why , since it was remote and irrelevant to you guys and your continent was fighting for survival . 
  but we lost more men in the pacific than in europe , and contributed the bulk of the fighting force there . 
  so when americans talk of winning ww2 , they are thinking of fighting two simultaneous wars across huge areas of the globe . 
  but your other points still stand . 
  what the soviet union endured , then accomplished in that war is just mind blowing . 
  anytime you are asking the question `` should we import killer x ? '', 
  the answer should `` no '' . 
  i think they are just too elitist to care about the differences honestly . 
  i 'm an economist subscriber myself . 
  but they definitely do n't seem to pay much attention to basics , especially when it comes to coverage outside of the uk ( which ironically constitutes most of the topics they cover ) . 
  ummm ... that 's ' the date for the print edition . 
  each edition is released online several days before the print edition is published so that 's why you 're seeing that date . 
  although i am guessing you knew that so i am not sure what the point of this comment was . 
   at the december congress held by the berlin-based hacker association chaos computer club , one hourlong speech was titled `` f -- off google . '' delivered by an anonymous frenchman , it cited google maps as evidence of the company 's statelike ambitions . 
  `` one never maps a territory that one does n't contemplate appropriating , '' he warned . 
  there is appropriate criticism of google , then there is the ridiculous ... that is one of the most bizarre critiques of google i have ever heard . 
  you seem to have some opinions on this issue , and seem , relatively knowledgeable about it , yet you have american flair .
