  what does all this amount to ? 
  finnbay emanates a curious mixture of secrecy and incompetence , plus what some might find an unpleasant litigious streak towards other bloggers ( this blog gives a lot of the to and fro ) . 
  a [ lively discussion on reddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/finland/comments/22eqo8/russian_infowar_in_finland_the_source_of_all_the/ ) reveals some other quirks . 
  phil schwarzmann , an american writer with finnish ties , dismisses the whole affair , saying that the whole thing is too ridiculous to be anything to do with the russian government . 
  yet finnish officials say privately that russia does practise information-warfare and their country is one of the targets . 
  aims include stirring up russians living in finland ( who feature notably in kremlin propaganda about finnish social-care and child-custody laws ) ; making finland look unstable or weak in the eyes of the outside world , and demoralising finnish public opinion . 
  barring hard evidence , any role by finnbay in this can only be conjecture : it may well be a wholly innocent if amateurish outfit . 
  but its reticence does not help make that case . 
  update : the eu transparency register has written to say please note that we have temporarily suspended the registration of finnbay and we will deal with this matter and contact the organisation . 
  also , finland 's national population register center does not know of any bruce stone ( it is of course possible , though highly unlikely and rather odd , that he has asked for his details to be kept secret ) . 
  here is the latest e-mail from the economist ( sent on april 6th ) to which no response has been received . 
  hi onuri am astonished that you ca n't answer simple questions about your structure and ownership [ ... ] by being evasive you are turning a non-story into a story.just to be clear : i am asking questions which any reputable news organisation should have no difficulty in answering .1 ) who is your editor-in-chief/responsible editor2 ) where do you pay tax ( you charge for subscriptions and appear to have advertisements/sponsorship ) 3 ) what is your corporate structure . 
  what exactly is `` borderless enterprise '' ? 4 ) why have you concealed your website 's registration details from a whois search?if you do not wish to answer these questions yourself , please put me in touch with someone who can -- for example bruce stone , or your companie [ sic ] secretary/general counseli will treat your answers as `` on-the-record '' and for publication unless you provide a convincing reason why they should not be . '', 
  - sorry about the paywall . 
  i have a subscription so i can not tell what is going to be blocked and what is n't . 
   this is disconcerting from the standpoint of those who live outside the united states . 
  they experienced the united states through the cold war , the clinton years and the post-9 / 11 era . 
  the united states was deeply involved in everything . 
  the world got used to that . 
  today , government officials are setting much higher standards for involvement , though not as high as those set by the american public . 
  the constant presence of american power shaping regions far away to prevent the emergence of a threat , whether communist or islamist , is declining . 
  i spoke to a foreign diplomat who insisted the united states was weakening . 
  i tried to explain that it is not weakness that dictates disengagement but indifference . 
  he could n't accept the idea that the united states has entered a period in which it really does n't care what happens to his country . 
  i refined that by saying that there are those in washington that do care , but that it is their profession to care . 
  the rest of the country does n't see that it matters to them . 
  the diplomat had lived in a time when everything mattered and all problems required an american position . 
  american indifference is the most startling thing in the world for him . 
  i 'm surprised that this diplomat would find this position startling . 
  does the world really think america would be forever engaged in shaping every event in the world ? 
  at some point , the us will want to step back and not have to worry about every flash point in every region in the world . 
  this is n't a surprising or startling response , it is a perfectly natural and expected response . 
  it appears as if we are seeing this point in time unfold in front of us . 
  the mood on the street here is one of exasperation , and bitterness towards foreign involvement . 
  other countries need to police their own region . 
  seven decades of american involvement has brought scant benefit to our country . 
  hell , maybe the world will calm down a little without constant interference ( both the stabilizing and de-stabilizing kind ) . 
  although that is probably a very naive view . 
  why is there always such a disconnect between who writes these articles and the regular people that have to deal with gypsies . 
  every time i read an article in some european press about gypsies , the author paints them all gypsies as blameless victims of some terrible tragedy , yet the comments section is filled with disparaging comments about gypsies . 
  i do n't have any personal experience with gypsies , but after reading so many negative comments about them you begin to come to the conclusion gypsies are n't the greatest people to have in your city . 
  thank god for the atlantic ocean . 
  it 's basically one big gypsy moat . 
  yeah i spent most of my life in phoenix , az and the roads there are fantastic . 
  i moved to illinois last year , and the roads here are way shittier . 
  they are also always repairing the roads , but i guess it is an endless task . 
  all that snow and salt really does a number on the roads here i guess . 
  but that does n't mean they are complete shit . 
  the interstates here are pretty decent . 
  it 's usually the smaller roads in cities i have problems with . 
   it 's common to find the major interstates/motorways in horrible conditions to the point where you have to actively avoid hazards quite often . 
  you and me must have lived in two different countries , both called america . 
  i have never seen anything like this . 
   you americans sure are little bitches . 
  after reading a number of your comments , i can conclude that it is you who is the whiny little bitch . 
  seriously , did something happen to you this morning ? 
  you seem unnecessarily pissed off right now . 
  you need to chill the hell out . 
  you should tell brits that desire more political autonomy from the eu that they are simply american stooges . 
  also , nigel farage is an american puppet . 
   the entire us economy exists only due to the fact that it is the worlds reserve currency aka petrodollar and they are willing to kill millions of innocent people to keep it that way . 
  so much stupid in one sentence . 
  the us economy is the most diverse , sophisticated economy in the world . 
  the petrodollar is an asset that prices energy in dollars , so other countries have to hold dollars . 
  that in no way means that our economy is dependent on it . 
  what about our other industries : technology , automobiles , aerospace , telecoms , entertainment , finance , engineering , etc. . . oh , and the us did not kill millions in either country . 
  when you exaggerate like that , you completely discredit yourself . 
  plus , the vast majority of the casualties suffered in both countries came from their fellow countrymen blowing each other up in markets and mosques . 
   the us dollar got this ultimate reward as a condition in the marshall plan and the dollar has been the most stable currency since . 
  false , that was bretton woods . 
  and it has immeasurably benefited every country that has participated in the system . 
   china/russia have been hoarding thousands of tons of gold for a real possibility that they will create a new `` gold '' standard to replace the dollar in petro deals . 
  if this happens , the usa will become one giant detroit . 
  again false . 
  if anything , the us has by far the largest gold reserves in the world . 
  somehow you managed to get every single point wrong in your silly comment . 
  i know you want to see the us get taken down , but its economy and institutions are far too robust to collapse from anything you just mentioned . 
  so every time a russian farts it makes the news now ? 
  although it would be amusing if that eu rep really told the russians that they wished they would take romania and bulgaria off their hands . 
  so much for solidarity . 
  i agree with some of what you say , and can certainly understand your argument , but there is one part that i am not sure about . 
   what is disturbing though that it seems totally all right to gradually deprive non-latvians from the ability to get a secondary education ( up to the high school level ) in their native language . 
  i live in the us . 
  only english is taught in school and everyone must learn it . 
  there are no public schools that teach in spanish , or any other language . 
  i am not sure what schools are like in various european countries ( i am guessing it differs from country to country ) , but i see no problem forcing all latvians to be taught in latvian . 
  anyone is free to learn a language of their choice at home , but making citizens learn the language of the country they live in is certainly that country 's right to do . 
  maybe you see things differently , but i do n't see this as squeezing out someone 's culture . 
  now , if they * banned * people from speaking russian , i could understand that . 
  but i do n't equate learning latvian with harming another culture . 
   also , just read this thread : how many times it is implied that russians in baltics are hidden agents placed in their respective residence countries to conduct destabilization on the behalf of putin ... 
  seriously ... russians who felt like to move to russia , they moved . 
  it seems like this suspicion is certainly present . 
  i guess that 's an issue that comes up whenever russia is mentioned in anything . 
  i guess that would suck if you were a normal russian trying to live your life and occasionally get into debates with people . 
  but people fear russia , so there is always an emotional component to it also . 
  it 's hard to tell what 's really going on from an outside perspective . 
  too much fear , paranoia , history , and bias from every side make it very difficult to see what 's really going on . 
  that was an very thoughtful comment . 
  i have never considered what it must be like from the perspective of russians growing up outside of russia .
