  plus , this is still on all major media outlets , and has been on every major media outlets ' web site since the accident occurred . 
  maybe i did over react . 
  my comment was probably a little harsh . 
  i guess i just get annoyed when i see people willfully use a stereotype as an excuse for something . 
  two pieces of advice : use google if you want to to figure out what 's going on . 
  no need to show up to a thread asking people to read the news to you like you 're some sort of child . 
  you 're american eh ? 
  so fucking what . 
  why did you need to state that ? 
  your comment is one sentence long , and you imagined to embarrass yourself and your fellow citizens . 
  the way you say `` what 's going on , i 'm american '' just makes it seem like you are willfully living up to stereotypes , and that you also seem to think that 's ok , or even cute to act stupid in front of other people and then just chalk it up to being american . 
  what is wrong with saying `` what 's going on , i 'm outta the loop here '' . 
  or `` i have n't been paying attention to the news lately '' . 
  why did you have to use the excuse `` i 'm american '' ? 
  sorry , but that really pissed me off . 
  maybe it 's because it 's monday , and i want to leave work and go home . 
  but rarely does one sentence annoy the hell out of me as much as yours just did . 
  good . 
  i have very little sympathies for these radical preachers . 
  if you start talking about waging holy war on the your adopted countries , do n't be surprised if you get kicked it or end up with a bullet in your head . 
  sometimes you got ta get your hands a little dirty when your dealing with these assholes . 
  i would rather my country do that then offering sanctuary to a guy who literally wants to turn my country into some islamist redoubt . 
  why would france need to assassinate abu hamza on uk soil ? 
  just set up a deal where france can remove him from the uk via extraordinary rendition . 
  it 's a wonderful little set up where european countries can let other countries do their dirty work for them , and then mope and whine by saying `` x country is kidnapping our citizens ... oh no ! '', 
  just bag is ass and through him on an island ... problem solved . 
  just another day on / r/europe . 
   it is mostly useful to corporations that want to be able to evade paying decent wages , contributing to society through taxes , or following environmental and safety laws . 
  that is certainly a very opinionated statement . 
  i guess i kind of get uneasy when someone criticizes something for being right wing , and retorts with something that is * very * left wing . 
  your statement is more akin to a bumper sticker slogan than reality . 
  it 's funny that they still teach you in europe that anyone that makes a minor historically inaccurate claim must be from the us . 
  i guess it never seemed within the realm of possibility that you were speaking to someone from greece , not the us . 
  but go ahead and make arrogant assumptions anyway . 
   and votebrigading me without reasons there is a reason . 
  you are expressing an opinion that does n't idolize the eu . 
  you 're opinion deviates from the norm . 
  these kind of comments have rarely been appreciated here . 
  you 're supposed to fall in line , and lavish never ending praise for europe . 
  or else , be prepared for down votes and people taking shits in your inbox for two hours . 
  i was just trying to jump off your comment to bait some swedes into getting reflexively defensive and start acting the nationalist part ... 
  i 'm not sure if it will work though . 
  this describes virtually every country on the planet . 
  except for the swedes , they 're too fucking stupid to comprehend when a non-swede is saying anything critical about them , and if they were able to comprehend that , i 'm sure they 'd get nationalistic too . 
   how does `` warn '' mean threaten ? 
  `` warn '' can mean a number of things depending on the context it is used in , and who is saying that word . 
  in this case , `` warn '' very well could be a substitute for `` threaten '' . 
  as in , russia is `` warning '' of a gas shortage , but this really means it will create that shortage ( which is a threat ) . 
  it seems like the headline is implying that russia is essentially threatening to slow down gas supplies to ukraine/europe . 
  but the article paints a slightly different picture :  the deputy chairman of the russian firm , vitaly markelov , told press in an emailed statement on thursday ( 14 november ) that ukraine should have stored 21.5 billion cubic metres ( bcm ) of gas in its underground vats , but that it is likely to have just 14 bcm by the time winter bites . 
   `` it 's a catastrophe ... in these conditions , the winter transit of russian gas wo n't be possible because storage wo n't be enough to compensate for ukrainian consumer drawdowns , '' he said . 
  so who 's fault is it ? 
  is that bit about ukraine not storing enough gas the true issue , or is there much more going on here ? 
  it seems like there are a few villains in this story , including dmitry firtash . 
  i guess what i am trying to say is it seems like this impending catastrophe is not one party 's fault alone , but this catastrophe stems from the confluence of poor planning on ukraine 's behalf , a healthy dose of geopolitics , and opportunistic profiteering by the ukrainian firm ostchem . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  this is the idiotic counter point argument to someone else 's obscenely idiotic argument . 
  why stoop to someone else 's lows ? 
  yeah the friends i knew who spent time in spain were all from affluent families , and were giving all the money they wanted to do whatever the hell they felt like . 
  experiences like this create a distorted perception of what life is like for the average person who actually has to work for money , not just call daddy . 
  yeah i 've thought about using disclaimers before . 
  most of the time when i post an article , it is simply because i found it interesting and want to see if others think so . 
  but i feel like people sometimes think op is trying to push an agenda by posting certain articles . 
  this can be true of course , i just do n't want people thinking i am doing it in this case . 
  ha ha . 
  i never thought so . 
  from all of my friends who have spent a decent amount of time in europe , spain consistently ranks as their favorites . 
  never been there myself , but it has a good reputation over here as an awesome place to live ( although i am not so sure if it is an awesome place to work ) . 
  fyi i did n't chose this title , so i hope people do n't think i am posting an article with this title to be an asshole . 
  the author is a spaniard , and uses the term `` suck '' here in both the sense that spain does n't have a lot going for it at the moment , and also in the sense that it is being consumed ( i.e. 
  sucked ) by a parasitic political elite . 
  anyway , i just thought it was an interesting read . 
  wow . 
  that guy has some serious balls . 
  they seem to be weighing down and stretching out his underwear . 
  very impressive . 
  do they just chuck the clit in the trash when they are done ? 
  seems like a waste . 
  i have no idea where its from . 
  but if i had to chose sides , i 'd rather party with the heroin and the devil than some little boy with wings . 
  so there are two articles about serbia on / r/europe right now , each posted at approximately the same time . 
  here we have an article about russia and serbia signing a military pact , and [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1qopnw/as_russia_tries_to_cling_to_ukraine_serbia_moves/ ) we have an article saying serbia is moving further west than ever before . 
  so which one is it ? 
  that 's what i was wondering . 
  and why does he/she have an umbrella as well . 
  as far as i know , if you 're not riding a bike , wearing a helmet randomly is associated with either being epileptic or retarded . 
  so europe is so retarded they need a helmet not to hurt themselves ? 
  that 's all i can come up with . 
  thank you for sharing your story with an internet stranger . 
  honestly , i do n't even know what to say . 
  all the usual `` i 'm sorry '' and `` i hope things turn around '' type comments wo n't do anyone any good . 
  that 's rough . 
  good luck in london . 
  maybe you can wait these times out and eventually return home . 
  hopefully , somehow , these memories of the bad times will make you more level headed in the future . 
  if anything , you will have a deep appreciation of what is really important in life , and what is frivolous bullshit . 
  perspective can be a powerful thing in life . 
  so would the region madrid is in ultimately be on the hook for all that debt . 
  after all , someone has to pay it . 
  i would be furious as a tax payer if i had to foot the bill for that shameless cronyism .
