  take japan . 
  for two decades the economy was stuck in a trap of economic stagnation , falling prices and rising debt . 
  in the early 2000s the bank of japan 's timid efforts at battling deflation with money-printing failed . 
  only since 2013 has the ambitious stimulus of abenomics begun to succeed . 
  the ecb is much more like the bank of japan in 2000 than that of 2014 . 
  until that changes , investors in europe 's periphery should expect more deflation and rising debt . 
  nominal yields may shrink further , but the problems are not getting any smaller . 
  * note : i can copy and paste the linked article if you want me to and you can not access it *, 
  hmmm ... 
  interesting . 
  i did n't see `` masturbating '' anywhere in your daily routine : b i strongly suggest you add it in somewhere between 1 and 2 , or 3 and 4 if you live dangerously . 
  i have no idea what any potential remedies are for the situation . 
  it does n't seem anyone else does either . 
  the whole thing is a complete shit show . 
  grab them off the streets and force them into jobs ? 
  arrest parents who do n't send their kids to school ? 
  those seem like solutions that would elicit an uproar though . 
  who fucking knows . 
  maybe just pretend the problem does n't exist and maybe it will magically go away somehow . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you said . 
   but do n't be surprised when people from affected regions are pissed off at selfish actions taken in the past . 
  i would never be surprised . 
  the fact is when creating stability , there are situations where you must favor one group over the other ( think israel/palestine , sunni/shia , or even a stable dictator/unstable democracy ) . 
  choosing sides inherently angers the other side . 
  you ca n't go 60 years of diplomacy without angering certain parties . 
  and the longer you go on , the more parties you have angered . 
  this is an inherent facet of geopolitics . 
  and there is a more simple fact of any hierarchy of power : nobody roots for goliath . 
  that is an axiom as old as human history . 
  it does n't even matter how benevolent your rule is , someone will want to take you down . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  anyway , if you do n't mind me asking , can you clarify your thoughts on a comment you made earlier ? 
   russia is still the biggest threat to stability but my home country china is quickly catching up . 
  i actually agree that china is becoming a threat to stability . 
  not on a global scale , but on a regional scale . 
  china has competing claims with islands in the south china sea with countries like vietnam , the philippines , and malaysia . 
  to the north , china has competing claims with japan over the diaoyu / senkaku islands . 
  and of course there is taiwan/taipei . 
  eventually the current order will be shaken up . 
  china has announced control over the entire nine-dashed line of the south china sea . 
  how do you feel about china asserting itself in the area ? 
  do you view that as a good thing ? 
  yeah i do n't really care either way . 
  it 's up to france and no one else on what to do with it 's gypsy problems . 
  it just seems surreal that this is a very real issue , yet anytime something is done to address it , the arguments get obfuscated and distorted with sensationalism on every side . 
  the discourse in europe over gypsy issues needs to change , otherwise the situation will never change . 
  people need to be able to have frank , adult conversations about what to do without being labelled as racists or nazi 's . 
  i feel like we are just going to get into a battle of semantics here . 
  i 'm not sure if this was a coup to begin with . 
  keep in mind yanukovych fled * the country in the middle of turmoil . 
  now , that is n't enough to depose him , but the parliament did vote unanimously to depose him . 
  it 's not like some military outfit came in and took over the government . 
  the head of state left the country and was basically ruled unfit to govern by the rest of the democratically elected government . 
  so i would n't call it a coup . 
   it 's a fundamental principle of the un charter . 
  the un has lots of principles . 
  they are rarely adhered to where they interfere with a country 's sovereignty . 
  look , the whole situation is a god damn cluster fuck with no `` good guys '' in my opinion . 
  another examaple : * you said earlier he fled for his life . 
  some say he fled to take orders from putin . 
  who to believe ? 
  you 're chinese with canadian flair ? 
  did you recently move from china or are you just messing with my head at this point ? 
   however , the consitution being broken does n't magically remove the right of crimeans to self-determination . 
  did they ever have this right ? 
  not trying to be a dick or anything , i 'm genuinely asking . 
  i thought no region in ukraine had a right to self-determination . 
   st\u00e9phane le foll , spokesman for president fran\u00e7ois hollande 's socialist government , denied there was a roma `` invasion '' , but said : `` we must try and get them to return to where they came from , to romania or bulgaria '' . 
  but did n't these countries finally rid themselves of gypsies by sending them all to western europe ? 
  now france wants to deport them back ? 
  do european countries just play volleyball with gypsies , constantly tossing them over the other side hoping they do n't come back ? 
  sorry to say this , but from the other side of the world , this whole situation is very amusing . 
  it 's funny you say that . 
  the us has actually ensured global stability for the last 60 + years . 
  who do you think keeps shipping lanes like the malacca straights and the straight of hormuz open , where virtually all the worlds oil gets shipped through ? 
  what nation do you think has so far , kept situations like china & taiwan , and china and japan from warring each other ? 
  who has kept the peace on the korean peninsula ? 
  hell , who was most important in keeping west germany and west berlin from being swallowed ? 
  what country has contributed the most to entities such as the imf , the world bank , and un ? 
  what country is the single largest net contributor to foreign aid ? 
  what country arrived first in the tsunami in indonesia , the tsunami in the philippines , and the floods in pakistan that killed hundreds of thousands ? 
  what country has been the most significant force behind free trade and globalization ? 
  globalization that literally lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty ? 
  the us is the biggest threat to global security ? 
  the us has presided over the most peaceful and prosperous period in human history . 
  what in the fuck are you talking about ? 
   i do n't share the values of us government what does that even mean ? 
  what values of the us government are you even talking about here ? 
   the russian troops already had the right to be there according to a treaty signed by between ukraine and russia . 
  they did n't have the right to leave their bases unannounced and seize ukrainian bases . 
  they had a right to be stationed in their own bases . 
  the rest of crimea was officially ukrainian territory . 
  the whole peninsula was n't one big russian naval base . 
   it will eventually create so much discontent that people will seriously consider abandoning the euro rather than to maintain this agonising process of internal devaluation and prolonged stagnation . 
  i 've thought about this before and i do n't really know where i stand ( and not just because i live on the other side of the world and am not effected by this ) . 
  anyway , what is happening in certain nations in the eurozone is certainly unacceptable . 
  however , is it really worth destroying the whole thing because of a decade of discontent ? 
  many times in the past a decade is viewed by history as a statistical blip . 
  maybe that will be the case with the euro ? 
  when looking back on my own nation 's history , the great depression was just as deep , and even longer .
