  iobe , a think-tank , says gdp will shrink by as much as 5 % this year , worse than its earlier forecast of 4.6 % . 
  unemployment is expected to rise from 26.9 % today to 30 % next year . 
  and privatisation receipts are disappointing : greece will miss this year 's target by a wide margin . 
  with gdp shrinking , and unemployment rising , and the levels are already disastrous , is there anyone on the planet who sees how this is going to end ? 
  and now for portugal :  portugal 's borrowing costs have surged , and the latest central-bank forecasts suggest that the economy will barely recover in 2014 after three years of deep recession . 
  instead of the promised turnaround , the bank now expects only 0.3 % growth next year . 
  so no growth this year . 
  maybe pitiful growth next year . 
  that 's not very reassuring . 
   this forecast is hardly likely to strengthen confidence in portugal , greece or across the wider euro zone that austerity is working . 
  nor will it support the fond hopes in brussels that portugal was safely pulling away from greece and would follow ireland by getting out of its bail-out programme . 
  even if portugal gets out of its bail-out program , what then ? 
  it 's not like ireland has a robust economy . 
  so what comes next for portugal ? 
  polilical crisis is driving borrowing costs up , unemployment is increasing , and there is only a glimmer of hope that they can be bailed out . 
  but bailing out a broke country is essentially throwing good money after bad . 
  who 's to say that if they get a bail out , they wo n't need another one 18 months from now ? 
   seems like you 're the only one who jumped to conclusions . 
  the day is not over yet . 
  there is still time for people to come to this thread and jump to conclusions . 
  when that happens , i will look prophetic . 
  until that happens i look ... well i guess i will let people decide for themselves how i look ( and i am sure `` silly '' wo n't be the only adjective used ) . . 
  i read the article . 
  i noticed that . 
  i expected other people to not read the article and just see a headline that says `` us '' + `` base '' + `` europe '' and start jumping to conclusions . 
  from our perspective yes , maybe op is hiding behind those guys in the picture . 
  nah ... this subject ( us bases in europe , or europe 's involvement in nato ) always brings twin circle jerks in this sub . 
  redditors from both sides act like idiots . 
  this thread in particular does n't have too many comments , but if it blew up to 80 + or so comments , it would be filled with 20-something year old arm chair generals talking about how either : 1 ) europe needs america 's almighty cock . 
  or 2 ) europe already has its own almighty cock . 
  there is almost nothing more sad/comical than a bunch of uninformed people pretending to be military experts . 
  or comparing strength of militaries between countries in the 1 in a trillion chance they would go to war against each other . 
  it just seems like a `` my dad could beat up your dad '' type of argument . 
  it 's just silly . 
   ... when eu leaders approved the latest tranche of aid money for greece earlier this month , * they elected to spread it out over several months so as to increase the reform pressure on greece . 
  * ...  the anticipated funding shortfall is partly a function of greece 's economy remaining stuck in recession as well as * the slow pace of the country 's privatization program and other reforms . 
  * ...  in addition , greek economy minister kostis hatzidakis told german daily die welt earlier this month that * he expects europe to agree to another debt haircut for the country *  `` there will be a significant cut , '' j\u00f6rg rocholl , president of the european school of management and technology and a member of an advisory council for the finance ministry , told the paper . 
  `` greece 's ability to shoulder its debts has not been guaranteed . '', 
  so greece needs even more money , in particular because it is can not reform quickly enough or deeply enough . 
  it is getting money now , but the money is being spread out to encourage reforms , which it is not doing ( to the extant necessary ) . 
  so greece is now simultaneously asking for more money , and also asking to have portions of its previous debt written off . 
  this must be a frustrating situation all around . 
  surely the greeks have had enough of this bullshit . 
  but i can imagine how grating the situation is for the germans . 
  they are basically in a position where they must loan more money , on top of the money they have already loaned , all while being told to forget about ever seeing the money from previous loans . 
  i am aware it is much more nuanced than this , but from a german perspective this must seem like throwing good money after bad . 
  it 's hard to see this frustrating fiasco ending any time soon . 
  i guess it has been at least a month since there has been a good ol' chest thumping , anti-nato thread on this sub . 
  let the circle jerk begin !, 
  that is certainly an interesting explanation . 
  maybe i 'm naive , but do you think a european leader would be that vain ? 
  to drag the whole eurozone through years of hell just for one person/one nation 's ego ? 
  i 'm definitely not too familiar with the nuances of european politics , but does national pride play that big of a deal that the leader of a european country would be that petty ? 
  well that pretty much sealed greece 's fait . 
  i was n't aware that greece was prevented from defaulting ( although it makes a lot of sense since it would have been a disaster for german banks ) , but not allow greece to do any of the other two options essentially condemned your country to vassal status , totally dependant on hand outs . 
  ouch . 
  that must burn . 
  clearly greece deserves a lot of the blame , but that 's kind of like telling a cancer patient they are forbidden from seeing a doctor , and * strictly * forbidden from dying as well . 
   now to understand why this happened is a much more complex question . 
  one possible answer is that the european leaders are still trying to find a way to make the eurozone work . 
  as it stands , no matter how generous the debt relief , the peripheral countries can not keep up economically with the core countries and problems will keep arising . 
  so , they 've decided to keep kicking the can down the road for as long as they can to put off making the difficult decisions that are required ( namely to either dissolve the eurozone or turn it into a banking/fiscal union ) . 
  i think everyone realizes that the game is up . 
  it is pretty self evident to anyone that has followed the trajectory of the eurozone that something has to give . 
  why the politicians keep delaying tackling these problems is baffling . 
  something gives me the impression that there is more to this story . 
  i have a feeling that they are simply trying to conceal how indebted the core countries are , or at least the core countries banks . 
  i read that deutsche bank has the most toxic assets of any country in europe , potentially in the world . 
  maybe the core countries are scrambling for time to prevent people from realizing this . 
  it reminds me of a quote from nikita krushchev : `` we have nothing to hide . 
  we have nothing , and we must hide it '' . 
  `` i think only a handful of american presidents were not of irish descent . '', 
  there were several , but the odd thing is most presidents can actually claim english descent . 
  there is an odd perception about different groups of immigrants in america . 
  people here are usually quite proud of their heritage if they are irish , german , polish , or italian or whatever , but people rarely mention their english heritage . 
  i do n't know why , but it is n't really considered a `` cool '' heritage to have . 
  i thought it was odd that there was such a high percentage of people in america that have english ancestry because i have never really heard anyone claim it . 
  to come back to my original point , a higher percentage of presidents have english blood , not irish . 
  but i guess that is n't really interesting to anyone , so nobody really realizes it . 
  nobody gives a shit about that fact so it makes it appear as if more presidents came from other backgrounds , when it is a slight exaggeration . 
  `` when there are more germans than irish there '' that might have something to do with germany 's dubious history . 
  during both world wars , claiming german heritage was n't gon na get you any favors . 
  the germans more or less kept their heads down , but they did cool shit like bringing beer to the continent . 
  most of the major beer companies here are lagers , not ales . 
  the companies anheuser busch , coors , pabst , yuengling , miller were all founded by german immigrants ( even mexican beer is of german descent ) . 
  the irish , and scotch-irish were the ones that brought us whiskey/whisky ( and fiddles ) . 
  much of them settled in the appelachian mountains , and gave america such things as moonshine , folk music ( which grew to become country music ) , and the term `` redneck '' . 
  i do n't think many irish or scottish people realize how many of their ancestors settled in the hills of the south . 
  i think most people think they settled in east coast cities ( which is true ) , but they actually settled all over the place and had dramatic impacts everywhere they went . 
  the scottish might know who andrew carnegie is , but they may not know of people like sam houston , the founder of texas . 
  sorry for getting a little of track , but studying the different waves of immigration into america , and the legacies they left behind is quite fascinating . 
  ah that 's good . 
  i have seen people from other european countries express disdain for the the emmigrants who left for america ( or elsewhere ) . 
  or if not disdain , then pleasure that the scum/quitters left their country . 
  that 's mentality i ca n't really comprehend . 
  well is the diaspora a thing of pride in the success they had in their new countries ? 
  or is it a source of shame that they had to leave in the first place ? 
   my irish teacher would always get sidetracked and tell us about the irish joining the police in new york and how the irish mafia was so brilliant that some of them still have n't been caught . 
  i find it funny that your teacher mentioned this , and not things like building half the transcontinental railroad , or building political dynasties like the kennedy 's , or the daley 's that ran chicago for decades , or forming whole brigades in the civil war , or forming the backbone of much our early factories , or ... i can go on and on but go irish mafia !, 
  just out of curiousity , do your history books spend any time mentioning the effect the irish diaspora had on the countries they left for ?
