  anyway , i do n't really care about this anymore . 
  that still does n't make him a member of the g7 ... the title is just a little misleading . 
  whatever , i should n't be getting wasting my time pointing out errors in titles on reddit anyway . 
  i should be working ... lol . 
  from the outside looking in ... europeans have no idea what `` union '' actually means , and have do not seem to realize at all that a union requires sacrifices by everyone . 
  unions mean you prosper together , and suffer together . 
  it seems people there only want the good , and are prepared to blow the whole thing up once they have to suffer the bad . 
  that 's not how unions work at all . 
  are you sure that is the g7 ? 
  it looks like christine lagarde on the left and donald tusk on the right ... i do n't think either are in the g7 . 
  it 's a good article , and he 's totally right . 
  if europeans care enough about keeping greece in the eurozone , they will do what it takes . 
  now is not the time to for punitive measures . 
  however , i highly doubt angela merkel will take him up on his suggestion and delivery a speech of reconciliation in thessaloniki anytime soon . 
  thanks . 
  never heard of it referred to like that before ? 
  what is kuk ? 
  i googled it but got results about a university in india and something about egyptian mythology ... 
  i doubt you were referring to either of those : b, 
  are you suggesting that a european can move to any country and not even experience a language barrier when doing something like ask for directions ? 
  yes , i am aware of the differences in state gdp per capita in the us . 
  but the conversation is about what is greater ... the variation that exists within the us , or the variation that exists within europe ... clearly , the differences within europe are greater than the us . 
   most europeans know more than just one but do they speak 30 ? 
  if not , then they can not have the same smooth transitions that americans if they move to different states . 
  i have lived in 6 different states in various parts of the country and had zero problems . 
  no european can move to 6 different countries and experience zero problems adapting to their new home . 
  i do n't think you understand your link . 
  the populations of our states varies dramatically so of course the countries with similar gdp 's differs dramatically . 
  but the gdp per capita does not vary nearly as much as you seem to think . 
   the workforce in the eu is effectively equally mobile to that of the usa . 
  no , not at all . 
  must i remind you that there is more than one language spoken in europe ? 
  that fact alone means `` effective '' mobility in europe is lower than in the us . 
  if you think our boats are big , wait till you see our women : b, 
  why not all three ? 
  that 's why i do . 
  i do n't think they voted to get humiliated and kicked out of the eu/emu . 
  they voted for a change in strategy/policy because the other ones were abject failures . 
  why do some people in this sub seem to take pleasure out of greece 's pain ? 
  thankfully , you europeans are so quick to label us ignorant . 
  sorry i have n't memorized every european country 's historic economic statistics . 
  by the way , few people google everything before making a comment . 
  i know it makes you feel superior to say `` you americans are often so ignorant of [ insert fact about random european country here ] '' , but can you tone down your levels of arrogance ? 
  that was totally unnecessary . 
  and if you paid more attention to my overall point , i was trying to point out that even optimistic predictions for greece 's economy are not great . 
  seriously dude , all you 're doing with comments like that are reinforcing negative stereotypes about europeans . 
  you do n't always have to be a cunt . 
  natural level of unemployment of 15 % ? 
  that 's what greeks can optimistically look forward to ? 
  that 's a crisis level of unemployment in a lot of other countries . 
  that sounds like a nightmare . 
  i do n't know how greeks have been putting up with this for years now . 
  i do n't know how i would get out of bed every morning if all i saw around me is hopelessness with no end in sight . 
  i know it does n't count for damn thing , but you guys have my deepest sympathies . 
  that 's really tough . 
  i can only imagine how difficult that would be . 
  do you have any family that could help once her money is gone , or is the family in the same position as you two ? 
  sorry for the personal questions by the way , if you do n't feel comfortable answering them , do n't feel compelled to . 
  should n't another european country be doing this instead of america ? 
  so how the hell do they afford anything if they have n't been paid in months ? 
  how does someone do something as basic as eating if they have n't been paid in over 6 months ? 
  i mean , i doubt they have thousands of euros in the bank they are living off of . 
  that 's just sad ... 
  wait ... are you guys serious about going that long without getting paid or is this a joke ? 
  if so , how do you get by without getting paid in months ? 
  i think i would be screwed if i went a few months without getting paid . 
  actually , i know i would . 
  ha ha . 
  out of his entire post , as detailed as it was , this was all you got out of it : `` i 'd rather the eu does not go the us route of fucking over other countries '' did you just glance at a few sentences , think to yourself `` he 's a neo-con '' and then write your comment ? 
  if that is all you got out of it , you need to seriously work on your reading comprehension skills . 
  edit : seriously , this is the worst comment in this thread by far , what a thoughtless response . 
  yeah any day now , right ? 
  people do n't always fit into nice , tidy boxes . 
  people can lean left on some issues ( immigration ) and lean right on others ( trade ) ... 
  in fact it 's a defining feature of someone who thinks for themselves . 
  thanks for the response , but why do you got ta call me out like that in front of everyone :d, 
  your greek too . 
  i know you do n't live there anymore , but do you know what it 's like for kids graduating college ? 
  is it completely hopeless or is it just difficult getting a job ? 
  to me , this just looks like a bunch of people puking up letters . 
  i have no idea what 's going on here . 
  i imagine i am seeing refined , civilized discourse though . 
  dude ... 
  i do n't live in greece , let alone europe . 
  i 'm just trying to get a feel for what things are actually like there from a source other than a news article . 
  well if you 're a senior , should n't you be graduating soon ? 
  do you or your fellow students have job prospects lined up for after school ? 
  how bad is it there for recent grads ? 
  if i was european , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dau1rlj.jpg ) is how would want my foreign policy to look like . 
  what makes you think super powers fight other powerful countries ? 
  chances are you 'd be jumping out of a helicopter in some tiny , poor ass country ripping throats out like rambo . 
  that is often suggested , although i do not know for sure . 
  it would make sense though , since it is not exactly easy to immigrate to the us if you do n't have any skills ( unless you got to mexico first and just walk into the country of course :d ), 
  you know what , i was n't exactly thinking how this version of patriotism/pride manifests itself in europe . 
  over here , we do n't really drone on and on about how glorious we are because of what happened 2000 years ago since no countries in my entire hemisphere are that old . 
  i see what you 're saying , i 've seen comments about how insulting it is for greeks to get talked down to by germans because they were inventing philosophy and democracy while germans were barbarians . 
  yeah , those comments are pretty embarrassing . 
  of course they are very different . 
  but they have 1 thing in common as opposed to 0 , which is the case for virtually every other european . 
  you know , being patriotic or proud of your country does not really depend on how well it fares in oecd charts .
