  how is it possible that juncker could even suggest this ? 
  if the eurozone breaks up , fault will lie solely with europeans ( you know , the group of people who actually manage the damn thing ) . 
  oddly , the `` anglo-saxons '' ( if those people actually exist ) , have been some of the loudest voices for reform , doggedly pointing out the flaws in the eurozone . 
  juncker , perhaps you ought to accept some level of responsibility/accountability for this crisis instead of blaming a possible break up on a group of people who do n't even exist . 
  are you sure that 's `` exactly '' how christians became desensitized to insults , or are you just suggesting that is how that worked out ? 
  how did this comment get any upvotes ? 
  americanization of the job market ? 
  americans get paid relatively well , and unpaid internships do n't seem that prevalent here . 
  the only person i have ever known to have had an unpaid internship was an american who worked in europe for a summer . 
  instead of calling this `` americanization of the job market '' , perhaps you should call it the `` europeanization of the job market '' . 
  this is much more of a european problem than an american one . 
  you 're looking in the wrong direction for the source of this problem . 
  a lot of people seem to agree with you , and i understand the logic behind . 
  but that does n't mean i agree with it though . 
  i do n't think ridiculing muhammed will effect anything positively . 
  i think there are more constructive ways of showing muslims their reactions are too strong than drawing a picture of their prophet with dog poop on his head or something . 
  i do n't . 
  i see a difference between challenging ideologies with respectful debates and intentionally making inflammatory comments that do n't really adding anything insightful except `` lol fuck muhammed '' . 
  to each his own i guess . 
  i just do n't see it as helping reconciliation in anyway though . 
  oh i know . 
  i just find it distressing that people are using this event to show how america is a unique case where terrorists do n't stand a chance here because of how armed people are . 
  sometimes a massacre is prevented , sometimes not . 
  these events should not be used to advance a political point though . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not particularly fond of islam myself , but that does n't mean i 'm going to practice my free speech by walking up to muslims and telling them his prophet is a child rapist , or i am going to sit and my room and draw a bunch of pictures of him with poop on his head . 
  i think some people do n't understand that you will never endear yourself to someone else by insulting them . 
  it just does n't work that way . 
  it 's an extremely infantile way to fight ideology . 
  seriously , this sounds like an argument put forward by a 12 year old . 
  `` if we insult them enough , they will eventually stop being assholes '' . 
  you know , people are gon na throw that around and use this event to show how awesome texas/the us is because we supposedly wo n't stand for this terrorist bullshit . 
  tell that to the dozen or so people who were massacred a few years ago at fort hood ... an army base ... in texas . 
  none of that armed texas macho bullshit mattered then . 
  i 'm with you here . 
  i 'm all for free speech , and i do n't think this sort of stuff should be banned . 
  but that does n't mean people should use free speech as a club at beat people over the heads with insults until they get the reaction they want . 
  just because you can insult someone , does n't mean you should . 
  in fact , some people here seem to think we are * obligated * to insult mohammed until muslims stop caring about it . 
  but that will never happen , so i do n't really understand this enthusiasm behind insulting the prophet . 
  it does n't really benefit anyone . 
  none of that changes anything about this particular instance of history . 
  it 's still cool . 
  that 's really cool . 
  christianity has been in bulgaria about a thousand years longer than my country has existed !, 
  that 's so much history right there . 
  kinda mind blowing for someone from my country . 
  do you disagree with nuetrolgreek ? 
  do you know a lot of people who lived lavish lifestyles in greece ? 
  serious question by the way . 
  i 've never been to greece so i have no idea what life was actually like there . 
  i do n't have much of a problem with it . 
  i 'd love to go to a bullfighting match though . 
  seeing a dude fight a beast just appeals so basic , primitive element in me i guess . 
  totally understand why people find it fucked up though . 
  regardless , it does n't bother me much . 
  that sounds absolutely disgusting ... is it good though ? 
  i 'm going to the uk in july . 
  i might have to try some of this blood pudding . 
  never heard of black pudding until now . 
  just googled it and was surprised to see [ this ] ( http://www.abcqualitymeats.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/large-black-pudding.jpg ) . 
  that 's a fucking sausage , not pudding . 
  pudding is supposed to be a dessert . 
  how could the english fuck that up so badly ? 
  the stupidity does n't end there . 
  the restaurant used to be based out of chandler , arizona ( now it 's in las vegas ) . 
  i was working in chandler when [ their spokesman ] ( http://imgs.ntd.tv/content/heart%20attack%20grill310404.jpg ) died of a heart attack . 
  i believe this actually made the restaurant even more popular . 
  their slogan is `` a burger to die for '' . 
  i think a few of their customers have also died after eating at that restaurant . 
  i 've never actually eaten there , and i think it 's going to stay like that for a while . 
  what powers do they give you ? 
  +1 range for throwing molotov cocktails ? 
  what are those necklaces ? 
  are those popular in greece ? 
  cheapest and best way to travel would definitely be by bus . 
  plane tickets can be expensive since the country is so huge , it 's just expensive to fly anywhere . 
  plus your mobility is basically non - existent once you get there . 
  however , i would strongly urge you to find a way to be able to drive . 
  maybe find someone else who has a license . 
  traveling by car is by far the best way to go . 
  it 's the best way to really get a feel for the country up close and it 's amazingly diverse landscapes . 
  honestly , this country is basically oriented totally around the car . 
  so if you do n't have the ability to drive , your ability to see the country will be drastically curtailed . 
  you 'll basically be stuck with having to visit one of a handful of big cities . 
  although that 's not necessarily a bad thing either since the big cities are so awesome . 
  interesting ... terrifying , but interesting . 
  thanks for your response !, 
   i do n't have a british driving license what 's the cost/length to get an american one ? 
  i '' m not sure about adults getting a license since it 's extremely uncommon for an adult not to have one . 
  if you have a license in another country , usually you just need get a license here so you would n't need to wait at all or take courses . 
  you just get the license . 
  so that process would take about an hour and cost you about $ 20 depending on the state . 
  if you had to start from scratch like a teenager does , that would take about 5 months . 
  you would need a driver 's permit for 5 months ( this basically means you can only drive if someone else with a license is with you ) . 
  then you get your license . 
  at least a few years ago , a permit was $ 35 and a license was $ 15 . 
  so the entire process of getting a license starting from scratch would take about five months , and set you back at least $ 50 . 
  it 's pretty affordable though imo . 
  the general view of europe is pretty positive .
