  this could be a unnecessary head ache for the eu at a bad time . 
  eu sentiment appears to be souring at the moment , and the timing corresponds with almost exactly with britain 's referendum . 
  so sanctions may possibly be lifted while the eu is still having issues with : the immigration crisis , the dutch referendum , britain 's referendum , greece still being in crisis , the eurozone issue not dead yet ( see greece ) , a wider global recession , syria , libya , the ongoing ukrainian war , tensions with turkey ( am i missing anything ? ) . 
  of course i could be looking into this way too much . 
  but if numerous countries are in favor of lifting sanctions while others are calling for an even harder stance on russia , this is just another pain in the ass issue europe will have to deal with at a terrible time . 
  the eu seems to be grappling with so many serious issues right now . 
   for the people not voting , we can not base decisions on those who do not wish to participate . 
  this is important . 
  not voting should not be a viable strategy . 
  especially since it would basically force the government to guess how the non voters would have voted . 
  we live in democracies . 
  the way to effect the government is via voting , not by abstaining from voting . 
  looks like that plan of not voting back fired anyway . 
  i never considered that strategy . 
  does n't seem to have paid off though . 
  i guess we 'll all just have to wait and see how this pans out . 
  in the meantime we are left with speculation, 
  honestly , i am not sure i would . 
  many corrupt politicians are also capable of getting things done . 
  inexperience can also end up costing you a lot of money , or creating more problems . 
  i guess it depends on `` how corrupt '' someone is , and just `` how inexperienced '' the opposition is . 
  it sounds kind of counter intuitive , but there have been plenty of corrupt people who also know how to make a system work efficiently . 
  what is their actual platform ? 
  i figured these pirate parties mostly focused on internet issues ( i could be horribly wrong here ) . 
  but what about everything else ? 
  do their members have any real experience governing ? 
  huh , based on it 's advertising i always thought it was british ... sneaky austrians . 
  most comedic interpretations are n't a reflection of reality . 
  i thought his pictures of the paintings showing hell made it pretty obvious he was just having some fun making a joke . 
  i understand that . 
  but why have two pickup trucks when you use both as a commuter car ? 
  i 'm totally fine with having vehicles that serve a utilitarian purpose ( a car for commuting , a truck for hauling shit , an suv for well ... a variety of reasons ) . 
  i guess people think it 's more of an image thing when they never use the vehicles for their intended purpose . 
  but whatever , it 's not like i really care anyway . 
  i do n't lose any sleep over what vehicles people own . 
  oh makes sense . 
  i did n't realize that . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  why is off roading illegal in iceland ? 
  they do n't have dedicated areas for that ? 
  why are so many people here struggling to realize that he was obviously exaggerating for comedic purposes ? 
  from how i interpreted it , it looked like he actually had a good time , but decided to paint his experience like this so that people like us would laugh . 
  i do n't think he was recording every detail accurately to be written down in a history book . 
  just smile as you read it instead of picking it apart for being inaccurate . 
  i 'll start burning tires in my backyard . 
  that should speed up global warming . 
  that 's the only way i can really help . 
  another worthless metric to circle jerk to . 
  i was almost bored of these . 
  kind of a side question , but how do you guys delineate sports teams in nyc ? 
  what determines whether you 're a jets or a giants fan ? 
  and which one are you ? 
  edit : please do n't tell me you 're a patriots fan, 
  in a way you 're right . 
  but i 'd say it 's more a rural city divide . 
  and texas protects the rural element of its state over the city element of its state . 
  as i 've told you before , i live in a small city in the midwest , and the rural mentality is very pronounced here . 
  honestly you 're right . 
  people are n't going to come right out and admit that here . 
  but if you see a dude in a smart car , you kinda assume they 're gay , or a super hipster , and you 'd probably be right . 
  ok . that 's almost exactly how it is here where i live . 
  nicer clothes are air dried , your more regular clothes you put in the dryer . 
  i am guessing norway is similar because of low population density ? 
  because it seems like europeans from benelux region do n't bother with dryers at all . 
  is it more common for norwegians to live in houses or apartments ? 
  for sure . 
  i mean , if it works and everyone else does it , why change it up ? 
  yeah they probably do . 
  but i do n't know anything different so i 'm used to ditching clothes after two years and getting new clothes . 
  and like you said , clothes are cheap here and wages are high so it 's not really a factor . 
  the only clothes i hang up to dry are sweaters , and that 's because they shrink in the dryer . 
  i did know some people that air dried everything . 
  but that was in arizona where clothes would dry outside in an hour or two . 
  but you ca n't do that everywhere though as some cities do n't allow it ( i specifically mean drying your clothes outside in this context , some cities/neighborhoods do n't allow it because it looks unsightly ), 
  do people not have basements there ? 
  or do most people live in apartments ? 
  how do they not have space for washers and dryers ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  i 've never heard of anyone * not * having a full washer and dryer . 
  i 've never seen one of those racks for drying clothes until two years ago and i 'm almost 30 . 
  i guess if everyone is used to drying clothes like that then i guess it 's not really an inconvenience . 
  whatever works i guess . 
  i was talking specifically about rural texas because you mentioned seeing a bunch of smart cars and fiats in texas . 
  i was just assuming you lived in a big city in texas . 
  i 've driven the length and breadth of texas a number of times , and there are small rural towns all over texas where the only thing you see are pickups . 
  you have to know what i 'm talking about dude . 
  it 's like that everywhere outside of major cities in texas . 
  hey man , ohio is n't too bad ( unless you 're a browns fan of course ) . 
  yeah not here . 
  they are considered a joke by a lot of people , basically it 's a woman 's or a hipster 's car ( and to be even more crude , it would n't be unusual for someone to call you gay for driving one of those ) . 
  true . 
  do houses out there even have ac though . 
  i 'm guessing businesses do . 
  but i have a lot of family out in pittsburgh and none of the houses had ac . 
  just those window units . 
  are window units more common in new england ? 
  i think a lot of europeans do n't realize just how much of america is dry desert . 
  sure , most of the population does n't live in the southwest , but tens of millions of people do . 
  i live in the midwest now , and a lot of houses here do n't have a/c or they have a window unit . 
  but vast swathes of the us would be very difficult to live in without the air conditioning running constantly .
