  that would be a very difficult situation to live with . 
  i do n't really have a lot to add to your comment since it is such an alien experience to me . 
  i have never really heard of anyone going through that kind of identity crisis . 
  thanks for sharing that with me . 
  it definitely made me think . 
  thanks for your response as well . 
  and you did clear quite a bit up , so do n't worry about your confusion . 
  also , i should note that your comparison of latinos in the us is more correct than you think . 
  we are not quite at the point you were saying , as a latino would find it very difficult not to hear english , and they are taught english in school from the very beginning . 
  however , we have never had immigrants coming to the us like the latinos . 
  we border mexico . 
  we have never had waves of immigrants coming to the us from a nation that bordered us . 
  they were always cut off from their home land . 
  so where as the issue with latino immigrants into the us is not as much of an issue now , it very well could be in a few generations when many states in the southwest have latino majority populations . 
  this will be a new test for us . 
  we may even learn a thing or two about this experience from your country !, 
  it 's hard to see the situation improving if the basis of politics are defined along ethnic lines . 
  what does the `` latvian party '' believe that makes it hard for a russian to vote for them ? 
  similarly , what does the `` russian party '' believe that makes it hard for a latvian to vote for that party ? 
  how are there policies different ? 
   i admire the us in regard , you 've succeeded in creating a society where people are united in being americans ( whatever that means ) while still also thinking of themselves as dutch , irish or italian . 
  latvia does n't have much of this `` we 're all in it together '' going on . 
  i am grateful that my country is in the situation it is in now . 
  it was n't always this way , and there are always some issues . 
  it 's usually with the newest wave of immigration . 
  admittedly , the issues are still very minor . 
  but the us has over 200 years of experience with assimilating immigrants . 
  few countries in the world have that level of experience , so expecting a relatively new country like latvia to achieve what the us has achieved in 20 years is a bit unfair . 
  if your country can work through these issues , it will probably able to do what the us can do . 
  but that time may be far away . 
   it has a lot to do with who has power , wealth and how to gain it , when it easy to sell themselves to foreign power to influence your compatriots , be rich in expense of or the way destabilize the country i have no idea what it 's like to grow up in a country where significant portions of the population ally themselves without an outside nation vastly larger than yours with a history of occupying your country . 
  to see people who live there actually undermine their own country must be very disheartening , depressing , and even outright furious . 
  fuck that sucks . 
   but there is one thing : russians are happier to be russians in latvia than russians in russia . 
  are you certain about that ? 
  from an outsiders perspective , we are getting some serious mixed messages . 
  why would you undermine your own country if you were happy living there ? 
   furthermore , / u/stressinsh [ 1 ] [ +6 ] is unfairly representing the discourse . 
  i 'm not sure where his sympathies lie , but it looks like he may be pro-russian . 
  i am guessing that user is an ethnic russian , living in latvia , and is probably in his 20 's . 
  therefore , he could be a good proxy for how the young generation of russians in latvia feel about the situation . 
  if that assumption is true , does it not concern you to see that people his age , who are supposed to be less entrenched in the russian mindset than previous generations , still hold on to some of those views ? 
  obviously i do not live in latvia so i have no idea what its like actually in the streets latvia , but that does not signal to me that this generation of russians is much different than previous ones . 
  latvia is apparently being pulled in two completely different directions . 
  it is not very encouraging when you say :  the current generation of 20-year old russians has grown up hearing a fair bit of latvian . 
  i think it takes more to instill loyalty than merely growing up `` hearing a fair bit of latvian '' . 
  but what about using it extensively ? 
  what about associating themselves as latvians , and not russians ? 
  if that is the best this situation has been in a generation , it seems decades will pass before there is true integration . 
  can latvia last that long under the powerful centrifugal forces ripping it in opposing directions ? 
  it seems the discourse is rather toxic and overall paralyzing . 
  this is not a situation that has easy solutions ( obviously , otherwise there would be no problem ) . 
  so the question is , how do you go about reconciling these different opinions ? 
  i do not think the russian population should just be told to deal with it or fuck off . 
  maybe the russian population could do a better job integrating and learning the culture . 
  so what can be done ? 
  it looks like the two groups just dislike each other so much that all of the nation 's energy is spent dealing with this problem , and not the other problems ailing latvia . 
  it seems like this is a country that could be torn in two , so how does a country go about a ) preventing these different groups from splitting entirely , ripping the country in half or b ) dealing with the fallout from such a split . 
  this looks like a festering sore . 
  it 's too easy to put more dressing on the sore and pretend it does n't exist , but we all know that just prolongs the problems . 
  eventually this issue will come to a head . 
  what then ? 
   as no single latvian wants to be a part of latvia that 's either a typo , or you 're giving putin all the reason he needs to invade your country . 
  i 'm gon na go with typo . 
  that guy pretty much managed to insult every western country in one article . 
  it was actually kinda impressive . 
  he hates everyone equally . 
  i can probably elaborate on this thought a little . 
  i should note this is n't an idea i particularly espouse , just one i understand . 
  criticism from europe regarding the us is fairly constant . 
  it is almost always forthcoming , and manifests itself in many ways , and in many different areas ( economic policies , environmental policies , foreign policies , trade policies etc. . . ) . 
  during these times , european criticism seems to be solely aimed at the us , and gives americans the impression that the us is your number # 1 enemy . 
  europeans simply criticize few to no countries as much as it criticizes americans . 
  ( it does n't help that europeans are constantly calling americans backwards , uncivilized , ignorant , uncultured etc. . . when these same words are rarely applied to other nations/people ) . 
  the praise coming from europe regarding the us typically comes when there are issues in europe ( i.e. 
  geopolitical rumblings on the continent ) . 
  all of the sudden the criticism ebbs and the praise flows . 
  it is no surprise then that some americans view europeans as self-centered , and duplicitous . 
   his points are inflammatory maybe you interpreted them this way , i saw nothing out of the ordinary that would suggest this . 
   bound by shallow base of economic and foreign policy knowledge again , your opinion . 
  by the way , what sort of knowledge about a subject must we have before we can voice or opinion ? 
  if someone says something wrong , it could be that they just do n't know . 
  it does n't make their intentions inflammatory or anything . 
  i 've seen far dumber comments get upvoted here simply because they seem pro-europe . 
   he does n't realize the value of political partners or the reason for lower % gdp growth so ? 
  that 's when you take the opportunity to point out those reasons , not dismiss those opinions with down votes . 
  once again , this discourages conversation . 
  can the jackasses in this thread explain why confederacyforever is being down voted for voicing concern over something ? 
  he/she is asking legitimate questions , and tempering them with cautious statements like :  please tell me that i 'm wrong . 
   at least it seems that way to me . 
   and that worries me . 
   it just does n't seem like enough to me . 
  do these sounds like the words of someone ramming their opinion down your throat ? 
  of course not . 
  so why is this user getting down voted so much for a ) voicing an opinion b ) admitting the he is n't really sure anyway . 
  it 's not like it 's the magical internet points that matter , it 's that this is the sort of bullshit people complain about in this sub . 
  it discourages people from making any comments here that in anyway insinuate that europe is not the center of the earth , or that 's its position in the world stage could possibly diminish in the future . 
  people are n't trolling or being ignorant when saying these things , they are voicing legitimate concerns . 
  ouch . 
  that 's pretty damn funny ( for everyone but the french ) .
