  why on earth would these migrants ( who already know that they are being watched very closely by the local community ) even consider doing something so horrific ? 
  are they trying to get the locals to hate all of them ? 
  well i am not familiar with all the nuances of the ukrainian government 's policies . 
  is n't there a difference though between decentralization of power to all regions , and giving special status to regions specifically in the east ? 
  so is this a complete capitulation or simply a recognition of reality ? 
   a good example of this is the iranian community in the usa where people , both muslim and jewish descant , prefer to marry other iranian immigrants thus keeping their culture and language alive . 
  pretty much every single immigrant group in the us does this . 
  or am i missing the importance of `` both muslim and jewish '' here ? 
  indians , mexicans , asians , africans , europeans ... almost all of these groups marry within their own group in the us ( and elsewhere ) . 
  is this some sort of competition i was n't aware of ? 
  why are you bringing up america when it has nothing to do with the situation ? 
   however , a state is still obliged to take minimum care even of uncooperative illegal aliens . 
  it is n't . 
  the state has a duty to act in the interests of its legal citizens . 
  illegal citizens are afforded basic care only because of the benevolence / generosity of the state . 
  however , it is not mandatory at all . 
  you know you 're doing it wrong when you 're science is so cherry picked it defies common sense . 
  just because it is n't flattering , does n't mean race does n't exist . 
  and i find that most people acknowledge race and view it as self evident . 
  pretending it is a social construct is the reserve of fringe academics, 
  what ? 
  is this satire ? 
  this is some / r/tumblrinaction stuff right here . 
  that 's really interesting !, 
  i did n't realize it was directly on the border . 
  i never really thought that you guys can literally see russia from your backyard like that . 
  wow , you 're guy 's history is so intertwined . 
  that really puts things in perspective . 
  i mean , for us russia is this distant , imaginary entity on the other side of the world . 
  for you guys , it 's * right * there . 
  i ca n't imagine what it 's like to be so small , living right next to your enemy that 's the * largest country on earth !, 
  * sorry for rambling like this . 
  but sometimes a picture can say a thousand words you know ? 
  this situation is just completely unrelatable for me . 
  what 's it like living next to such a massive , overwhelming , and hostile country ? 
  what 's the deal with narva ? 
  is it historically a russian city , or an estonian city ? 
  if it is estonian , why is it 90 % russian now ? 
  i understand many countries/cities experienced a degree of russification , but usually the russian population never became an overwhelming majority , they just became a sizeable minority . 
  so how did narva come to have so many russians ? 
  i 'm still a little confused . 
  they used ground penetrating radar to locate it , suggesting it was underground . 
  so was it buried or something ? 
  or was it on some underground rail system like a subway ? 
  i just do n't get how this was n't found earlier . 
  how could it go unnoticed for so long ? 
  so what the heck are you trying to say then ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  lol our internet speeds are just average ? 
  that 's not really a big insult, 
  dude ... that 's fucked up . 
  that 's entirely natural though . 
  i do n't think that makes a person prude at all . 
  it 's not exactly wrong . 
  but is there a need , or a reason why , you would broadcast video of an old man sucking a girl 's nipple throughout the country on tv ? 
  i mean , i think it 's cool . 
  but it 's totally unnecessary and i would see why people would complain . 
  damn . 
  you guys are fucking prude . 
  i 'd let a old man or woman lick my balloon knot live on tv and not care at all . 
  well , until my family shunned me of course . 
  not sure about the alcohol sales , but it did spark a surge in moon shining liquor ( not sure if you know what means . 
  basically it means distilling whiskey in the woods somewhere ) . 
  it 's a really fascinating period of american history with all sorts of interesting stories , types of drinks , and slang words that came out of that era . 
  canada , much like estonia , benefited too . 
  there 's i whiskey distillery across the river from detroit in windsor where they make canada club . 
  i took a tour of it a few years ago . 
  there was a big operation there run by al capone where they ran smuggling operations out of . 
  they drove cars across the frozen river in winter and had tons of speed boats they used the rest of the year . 
  anyway , sorry for rambling . 
  but there 's some cool history that happened during that era . 
  compared with amount of counties that sell booze , not really . 
  i did n't even know those existed until i was like 26 . 
  and i had lived or traveled in more than half the states at that point . 
  they basically only exist in some rural counties in already rural states . 
  but if your reference point is zero , then yeah , we have quite a few . 
  i knew a girl like that too . 
  she was a tiny little sicilian chick with massive hooters . 
  she got a breast reduction at like 20 years old because she was seriously throwing out her back . 
  there is definitely such a thing as too big of boobies . 
  i totally agree with you , but keep in mind it is n't just the us/uk doing it . 
  as this article states :  `` we do n't know what happened to the arms we ( france ) to libyan rebels . 
  it 's worrying , '' the source said . 
  in the chaos following the fall of the libyan dictator , muammar gaddafi , french officials described the north african country as an `` open-air arms market '' . 
  in 2011 , france admitted to sending `` light weapons '' to libyan rebels in 2011 , but french media reported that consignments of heavier arms , including european-made milan anti-tank missiles were also sent . 
  has arming and training islamic rebels ever not backfired ? 
  damn , you would think we would have learned by now . 
  there is no such thing as `` good '' islamic rebels , and even if there were , the weapons you give them always end up on the black market . 
  are there naked girls in every episode , or just this one that the screenshot was taken from ? 
  our game shows suck compared to yours, 
  what show is this ? 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  ca n't we do both ? 
  let 's be real here . 
  the actual reason you want to leave europe is because your sister is such a bitch . 
  but do you have to leave the continent to get away from her ? 
  why not just move to a different city ? 
  op seems to not like the fact that the illegal immigrants in europe are mostly muslim . 
  if his problem is with the faith of the immigrants , as opposed to the fact that they are immigrants to begin with , then the situation is totally different than europe . 
  our illegal immigrants are almost universally catholic .
