  and i 've been to mississippi . 
  it 's not nearly as poor or backwards as a lot of people seem to think . 
  the cities are actually really nice . 
  this is absolutely not true at all . 
  the differences in standards of living between european countries is vastly larger than the differences in standards of living between us states . 
  but obama just told the uk to stay , i thought the uk would vote to `` leave '' just to piss him off ? 
  i think the referendum in the uk is now going to be centered around this debate : should we vote to stay to piss of that frenchie ? 
  or vote to leave to piss off that damn yank ? 
  tough decisions ... 
   i was billed 2 million dollars for my last checkup . 
  that 's it ? 
  you got lucky . 
  i bought some tylenol the other day and i got billed in the billions . 
  who 's your insurance provider ? 
  damn . 
  could you imagine seeing a town like that every you look at your window ? 
  must be beautiful living there . 
  well europe is the continent of lots of things . 
  genocide certainly has happened in europe numerous times , but it has happened elsewhere many times as well . 
  i mean , you can call europe the continent of whatever you want : continent of christiandom continent of the enlightenment continent of most of americans ancestors continent of good beer and wine continent of awesome history continent of genocide continent of sanctuary continent of white people continent of great bicycle lanes  if you want to circle the genocide part , that 's just fine . 
  but it seems odd to single that out when it is also the continent of `` just about everything else '' as well . 
  opinions on eu : mostly functional for mundane stuff . 
  utterly incapable of resolving crisis . 
  still not sure why so many people want to get rid of it entirely when modifying it seems much more pragmatic . 
  opinions on europe : a mostly prosperous continent . 
  almost every european i have met in real life has been really cool . 
  comments i see on the internet though can be a little goofy , but that applies for everyone so i compartmentalize internet europeans as being different than real life europeans . 
  overall i have a pretty high opinion of europe , and would love to travel throughout most of it at some point in my life . 
  so i was hoping the article would talk more about the laws at the federal level , and what the debate about marijuana was like at the national level , but the article did n't add that level of detail . 
  any germans wan na fill us in on what 's happening with marijuana laws in germany right now ? 
  is this even part of the public conversation right now ? 
  any big movements towards full legalization ? 
  how do people feel about marijuana in your country in general ? 
  is it accepted ? 
  frowned upon ? 
  any parallels to the us ? 
  or have you guys been too distracted with all those other issues like the eurocrisis , immigration crisis , syria , russia , everything else in europe right now to even bother with it ? 
   why exactly would the us have to worry what other countries think of their leaders ? 
  who our leader is directly impacts our relationship with our neighboring countries ( who we do the most trade with ) , and our relationship with countries we have antagonistic relationships with ( russia , china , iran ) and a big chunk of latin america . 
  furthermore , as an individual american , who our leader is directly impacts me when/if i travel abroad , and determines how i am perceived in that country . 
  you may not think that is the case , but who our leader is has an impact with how we are treated abroad . 
  any american who has been overseas can tell you the same thing . 
  but i have to put that in the back of my mind and not worry about all that so much . 
  again , we can not please everyone . 
   it seems certain that there is reason to be concerned about what the us government thinks about our leaders . 
  you 're right . 
  you have very good reasons to be concerned about who we elect . 
  but i can not be concerned with your concerns . 
  sorry , that 's just the way it is . 
  sure , other countries do , but not the extent the us has to worry about it . 
  do you think it really matters who denmark elects as it 's leader ? 
  the us is in a position where whoever its leader is , will effect its relationship with virtually every other country in the world . 
  because of this , it can not placate every country . 
  so while other countries ' concerns are a factor , it has to be marginalized to a small factor since we simply can not produce a single individual who will please every other country . 
  that can not be done . 
  that 's not my concern, 
  not true at all . 
  if americans were bombarding other countries subs telling them who to elect , and wading into their internal politics without having ever been to that country , we 'd be told to fuck off , and rightfully so . 
  the thing is , i do n't claim to . 
  nor do i pass judgement on what leaders other countries elect . 
  that 's their business , not mine . 
  umm . 
  no , not at all . 
  i feel bad for europeans if they believe those `` moral '' stances they take are a good thing . 
  yup . 
  i guess lying to the person you love and going behind their back is now considered a progressive virtue we should all emulate simply because europeans do it ( or half of them do ) . 
  sometimes people on reddit forget that it is perfectly fine to adhere to more conservative values . 
  this is one of those instances , and i really do n't care what anyone else thinks about it . 
  especially when it comes to any right leaning politician of ours . 
  they just label them crazy and do n't dig any deeper . 
  i 'm not a trump guy , but some of the commentary i see from outside the us ( it 's not just europe that does this ) is downright hilarious . 
  almost makes me want to vote for the guy just to see their reactions . 
   we have museums with displays depicting the co-existence of humans and dinosaurs . 
  i think museums is inaccurate . 
  there is one . 
  not multiple . 
  and it is only known because it is so often ridiculed . 
  well , we ca n't really worry about that since we would never be able to field a candidate that makes every country in the world happy . 
  furthermore , few other countries have to worry about how their elected leader would be perceived by other countries . 
  i also ca n't bring myself to care for another reason : european media is often wildly off base when it comes to our politics . 
  so their perceptions do not align at all with reality . 
  so i am not going to concern with myself with other countries ' perceptions . 
   i do n't think any human , regardless of what they have done , deserves that . 
  there are plenty of humans that deserve that , and even worse . 
  this clown is one of them . 
  this will all be forgotten by tomorrow, 
  i never knew america adopted the swedish style of governance in the first place . 
  not inspired at all by european `` moral values '' when it comes to views on marital affairs . 
  why would anyone think that is perfectly acceptable ? 
  fair enough . 
  i 've seen some rough looking reservations before , but the scale here is what surprised me . 
  but you 're right , maybe if they were all stacked on top of each other it would look similar to this . 
  i grew up between two indian reservations , and have been to a few trailer parks . 
  they look absolutely nothing like what i saw in those videos . 
  some houses might have an old refrigerator in their front yard or something , but throwing shit out of their window and amassing a huge pile of trash in front of their homes ? 
  no way . 
  no res i 've seen looked anything like that . 
  i wonder what they actually do care about ? 
  like what exactly do they place value in as a culture ? 
  because from everything i have seen/heard about gypsies , it does n't seem like they value or care about anything at all .
