  at your own game . 
  failing at your own foie gras . 
  the foie gras you produce and pretty much nobody eats except you . 
  the super-hard to make foie gras which nobody likes except your own ego . 
  yet you are talking about `` universal recognition '' . 
  ( edit : rankings mean nothing to me , and this is not exception ; but you thought everyone agreed on yours being the best country for high cuisine , yet people outside the french bubble apparently have different opinions ) one more thing . 
  who says pizza is easy ? 
  are you able to cook a proper one ? 
  who , again , says more complex means better ? 
  you talk a lot about research , just assuming france is the only one doing that . 
  it is n't . 
  france 's popularity has always been political more than based on factual evidence . 
  if you want to be proud of something , think about your contributes to mathematics . 
  truly splendid and massive . 
  ps : you cheese is good , ours is good too ( they are identical , for the most part , except that you do n't have mozzarella and ricotta , and i pity you ), 
  first of all , i suggest you to set aside the linguistic part . 
  your country used to be very powerful and influent ( and very good at self-promoting ) , french words are widely used in everyday occurences even in other european languages ( english , german etc. ) . 
  btw , we are using the english word `` food '' , but i do n't think usa or uk could argue about having the best cuisine in the world . 
  i do n't think not qualifying means you 're low life . 
  i do not think it matters at all . 
  that said , i know it 's easy to generalize and i get the feeling you 're trying to avoid the argument of the everyday life , but i have yet to met a single french who could cook ( and i 've met plenty , i also spent some time in france ) and i would like to actually compare our own diets ( or your experience , how many unskilled italians have you met ? 
  ) , but that would n't be interesting . 
  there is actual data to prove your general lack of proficiency , but , of course , nothing is going to tell you explicitly that one country has a less developed food culture than another , and i do n't think this is the best place to deeply analize the topic , so i 'm going to use few heuristic arguments to prove i 'm right ( arguments you 're free to make fun of , since i 'm using a language i 'm absolutely not comfortable with i do n't want you to take it too seriously ) . 
  did you know mc donald 's had to shut down many stores in the south ( italy ) just because they were absolutely not profiting ? 
  you know why italy has no starbucks , whilst france has plenty ? 
  it 's way harder to introduce a foreign ( food-related ) habit in italy , and that only holds for the food , beware ( we were raised to love usa and stuff ) . 
  it 's not closeness . 
  it 's awareness . 
  even our humblest people respect food , know how to deal with it and how to avoid the bad ones . 
  about the ranking , i do n't want to criticize the guide michelin ( but french have this old habit of speaking about things they do not understand and provide inherent rankings , remember the ballon d'or ? ), 
  because my whole point is that it restaurant do n't matter at all ( it could surprise you , but the north here has way more ranked restaurant than the south , which is miles ahead in terms of food culture ) . 
  germany ( a country i love , with the worst food i 've ever come to taste ) has more 3-stars restaurants than italy , but the difference between the two countries is abysmal . 
  if you want to base your arguments on a french-made ranking , you 're free do to that . 
  you can think italy is on par with uk and easily surpassed by germany when it comes to food culture , but do n't assume you 'll be taken seriously . 
  please , note that i 'm not discussing about which food tastes better . 
  world has already decided : foie gras sucks , `` simple '' pizza ( which you can not cook , lol ) wins . 
  ps : my name is not giuseppe , but you can easily approximate the whole range of names by using the 20-30 most popular . 
  generalization is bad when based on false assumptions , but you do n't need to deepen to the smallest detail to produce `` almost '' true facts . 
  my sample size can not cover all the french people , but i 'm starting to infer something significant when i compare all the french people i 've met ( maybe you send us all the worst cook to make them better , i do n't know , you should at least provide them with some intel about ketchup not being gourmet with pasta ) with all the italian people i know . 
  in sicily people ca n't start their own business without dealing with them . 
  messina denaro controls pretty much every construction company . 
  high cuisine comes from chefs ( which were not not necessarily french , btw , you did n't even know how to use a fork before caterina de ' medici , lol ) . 
  denmark has a lot of famous restaurants ( take the noma , e.g. 
  ) , yet no one would go as far as to call denmark one of the richest food cultures in the world . 
  you have to focus on the average people . 
  french 's high cuisine has lost its supremacy first to spain , then to scandinavia , and the official `` rankings '' ( even if you do n't want to stick to the most famous ones ) keep change everytime ( right now osteria francescana has the lead , i think ) you know why ? 
  because every country can produce extremely good cooks , since we 're all humans . 
  what can not be easily achieved is the above mentioned food culture , i.e. 
  regular people being able to produce good food and develop a solid tradition ( i mean , being able to embody it even if you 're not a professional wine producer ) . 
  france do n't qualify . 
  regular people eat like shit ( unless they eat pasta , ofc ) . 
  italy and japan do qualify , regular people ( even in the biggest cities ) being able to cook properly and stuff ( with `` stuff '' i mean being receptive to family and local traditions and so on ) . 
  i would like to point out that your research for the `` tastier tastes '' has accomplished nothing , because someone else already had better tastes . 
  french food is popular , but that 's just because your country was extremely influent over many other matters and you did become very good at marketing yourselves . 
  truth is : if people do n't eat foie gras , it 's just because it sucks to the extreme . 
  one could call it `` elitary '' , i 'd prefer `` bad '' . 
  i can easily recognize the role of france in high cuisine , as well as recognizing that right now france is n't even the hottest player in the list . 
  i just think it has very little to do with food . 
  i 'm not talking about grandma recipes . 
  no point in discussing further . 
  that does n't invalidate my point . 
  having an italian ancestry or a little experience about italian food does n't make you an expert . 
  also , i 'd like to point out that piedmont ( being the closest to france in terms of cuisine ) has the poorest variety among all the italian regions ( though the chocolate part is good ) . 
  high cuisine = !, 
  food culture . 
  furthermore , just because everyone knows pizza & pasta does n't mean everything here is about pizza & pasta ( it 's quite the opposite , actually ) . 
  also , yes , being tasty is pretty much the only thing that matters -- not to mention that something being elaborated tells nothing about its quality . 
   some italian food but french diversity wins it for me . 
  you just happen not to know the non-mainstream italian food . 
  the article itself is very annoying and vastely unaccurate , it 's the old british habit of exposing someone 's alleged deficiencies while ignoring their own ( it 's from 2013 , try to read the part about italian politicians and then remember the blonde chimpanzee boris johnson ), 
  it does n't remotely look like a panettone/pandoro . 
  it 's just the tricky shape . 
  if i recall correctly ( do n't wan na check right now , feel free to correct me ) , taxation for citizens of monaco is 0 % . 
  they pay litteraly no taxes . 
  interestingly enough , northen italy 's cities are way more beautiful ( with some exceptions ) and the food is top notch too . 
  it 's the third . 
  the first one being uk . 
  weird !, 
  it 's completely random ( 8.2 is more or less the entire region ) , but it does n't matter at all . 
  i think the most reasonable way is to consider the province of milan + mb . 
  but , again , we are not speaking about official entities , it 's arbitrary . 
  yes , i was talking about the greater metro area . 
  not being a definite entity , its population ranges from 3 to 5 ( which is too much , i think ) . 
  this is why gdp does n't provide accurate information on wealth . 
  wow , man !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  it is . 
  lombardy is by far the strongest region . 
  while sud tirol ( it 's actually called trentino alto-adige ) could seem wealthy , it 's just because they are allowed to keep their tax money . 
  which is huge , since lombardy is a frightening net contributor ( -25 % ) . 
  furtermore , it 's not lombardy itself , but the milan area . 
  the city of milan has an economy of the same size of austria and accounts for more than 3/4 of the nominal gdp of lombardy ( and a solid 1/5 of the whole country , having less than 1/20 of its inhabitants ) . 
  there are other rich parts of italy , but nothing is happening there . 
  yet milan is n't the best place to live for a youngster . 
  it could be true for older people ( which are extremely rich ) , but the young ones get nothing . 
  lots of opportunities , but very low salaries . 
  you can not be a teacher and live in milan ( we are on perennial shortage , indeed ) at the same time , for example , since their salaries are fixed on national standards . 
  the same holds for pretty much anything . 
  milan just does n't fit in the current italy , and there 's no sight of major independence in the close future . 
  it 's doomed .
