yes . 
  i meant suspension bridge . 
  it would be like * 3 times * longer than the longest bridge ever built . 
  not as easy as one may think . 
  you mean `` pola '', 
  the most used trains here are the frecciarossa ones , actually . 
  italo is just a `` cheap '' competitor . 
  i do n't know about the others , but sirios do function properly here . 
  it seems that they sent you some defective units . 
  dunno how it happened . 
  that 's ppp . 
  even romania looks `` western '' if we use the purchase power parity . 
  you either die a introvert or live long enough to see yourself become the extrovert -- faking it to the point you actually are the extrovert you think you were mimicking , and suddenly you 're not an imposter anymore . 
  we do smoke a lot if you compare us to spain and scandinavia . 
   there 's also countries in eu with worse corruption like italy once again , you 'll need to produce an acceptable measure for corruptness . 
  something that is not entirely based on opinions -- i.e. 
  the weirdest fulfilment of a prejudice i 've ever seen , even if it comes from alleged experts . 
  i 'm starting to get annoyed by those claims . 
  actually it looks * almost * identical to the original . 
   if these kind of places have maintained their authentic charm or are they tourist traps now ? 
  the two things may coexist . 
  they do , indeed . 
  but tourist traps are easily avoidable . 
   for fuck sake they 're worse than romania in the recent corruption perception index this is unnecessary bashing . 
  the so called `` perception '' of corruption makes no sense , but you 're free to listen to some unproven facts ( the ranking is based on opinions , lol ? 
  ) : it feels like it was designed for the sole purpose of confirming some random prejudices without the burden of proving their validity -- but people are now allowed to freely say `` italy is corrupted '' , it does n't matter if the statement has n't seen its truth value modified . 
  pretty much every country is corrupted . 
  germany too has dysfunctional bureaucracy , but that does n't seem to be a major issue for them . 
  you 're right , except for the fact that the whole statement is utterly false . 
  remember that gdp growth does n't take into account population growth . 
  italy 's population is declining , while uk 's ( and germany 's ) is on the rise . 
  it means that italy is going to grow a little more than germany and uk , which is obvious since its performances have been worse in the last decade . 
   they keep thinking italian is an international language that 's taught in every school around the world that 's unheard of . 
  people here do n't even realize that regular italian speakers of non-italian descent exist . 
  they just assume you know the language ( or the basics of it ) because they are in a touristic context in a neighbouring country with tons of italian tourists -- and older people tend not to speak english at all . 
   how many people left in italy only speak their language ? 
  pretty much 0 % . 
  holy shit . 
  i thought it was a cool place , but it does n't look so appealing in daylight . 
  that 's some uncultured statement . 
  no wonder the best food your country has ever produced ( and the one you 're famous for ) is a blurry cotoletta . 
  exactly . 
  lol . 
  in europe , it 's basically italy ( and portugal ? ) . 
  never been in s.a. greeks and spaniards swear they have it , but it 's just limited to few places ( not the major cities ) . 
  i agree . 
  pls mashluke , stop bringing shame upon us . 
  we have separated '' `` butt-towels '' '' . 
  you do n't really use it for the intimate parts , anyway . 
  they pay less . 
  yes . 
  one of the worst . 
  look at that 100 % italian peak . 
  we are very proud to host the highest eu mountain within our borders . 
  they do look good ( i was skeptic first , but i 've changed my mind ) . 
  just do not look at them as they actually were `` ecological '' buildings . 
  rotfl . 
  i could n't care less about this dick contest . 
  my point is extremely simple : let 's divide italy into its * two * ( i see , we 're better at maths , but i did n't think you could n't make divisions ! ), 
  `` historical '' areas , north and south ( which includes the central part in our analysis , at least demographically ; i know i said `` three '' parts , but 30m people is literally half of the country ) ; please , [ notice that it is not arbitrary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_italy ) : i 'm not randomly choosing say sardinia , piedmont and sicily , i 'm using a precise geographical ( and cultural ? ), 
  criterion . 
  what can we observe ? 
  the north is * exactly * the top half performer ; not only the two things overlap , but there 's a huge difference between north and south , which also appear to be internally homogeneous ( no outliers ) . 
  that 's all . 
  now you can use them as synonymous , but that 's should n't be an * a priori * thing . 
  ps : since italy is way more populated and `` the top '' half of the country overperforms yours on the average , chances are this is a contest you 'll always lose . 
  once again , try to improve your maths skills , you seem to desperately need it . 
  pps : i 'm joking , do not get offended, 
  this is why i had to specify that n.i has the same amount of inhabitants of nl and finland * combined * ( it 's actually closer to 30kk , i.e. 
  * half * of the country ) . 
  also , it 's not about `` cherry picking '' the best performer ( it would be unfair , since italy has a wider sample ) , i 'm just phisically cutting italy into three parts and choosing one of them . 
  to be fair , the whole n.i. 
  would not exactly be topping the two aforementioned countries , but it would be very close . 
  if northern italy were a country ( 20m inhabitants ) , its scores would top both nl & finland, 
   your country is damn beautiful , i do n't get why it has so much light blue compared with the rest of mediterranean countries . 
  their islands are beautiful . 
  their cities , on the contrary ... 
  it looked bad even on paper to me . 
  well , it was n't accurate in the sense that other parts were n't part of kos but still closely related to genoa/liguria . 
  it also depends on my ( bad ) habit of calling `` southern france '' the c\u00f4te d'azur . 
  it 's not simple influence . 
  most of s. france was part of the kingdom of sardinia ( basically italian ) . 
  you are industrious ( not as industrious as switzerland , anyway ) . 
  but you 're a massive tax haven too ( some sources say you 're the worst one when it comes to corporate taxes ) . 
  it 's more a `` i can never afford this unless i 'm rich '' thing , and it 's just one example out of * many * . 
  it costs two times the average monthly salary . 
  beware : i 'm not saying they live in poverty or questioning the quality of their life . 
  richness is n't local purchasing power . 
  we do not live in a local world anymore . 
  i bet there are n't romanian cheap iphones out there . 
  yeah , and romania 's gdp actually doubles when is adjusted to ppp . 
  that does n't mean romania is as rich as southern italy . 
  your gdp is one of the most inflated ones , lol . 
  your country is one of the worst ( if not the worst ) eu tax havens . 
  in naples it could cost even less than 4 euros ( it used to be , at least , when i was young ) , and it 's way better than all those listed . 
  in n.i. 
  you 'd pay around 7-8 euros for a cheap margherita . 
  among all the inactives , actually ( almost ) nobody is actively looking for jobs . 
  it 's not like they try and fail . 
  it simply means they are satisfied with their current situation and ( think ) they do n't need to work .
