  are they based on countries ? 
  because the variance is huge in italy , averages are not meaningful at all, 
  that was my point indeed . 
  i 'm pretty sure estonia has pretty good startups ( and it is doing well in that regard ) , while italian ones ( while not nonexistant ) struggle . 
  i do n't think it 's hard to raise investments in milan -- given how wealthy and business-oriented the city is -- , i 'm pretty sure there 's something else . 
  if those were the only factors taken into account , milan would be in a higher spot . 
  the internet is pretty good in big cities here ( the 1gbps is already available for regular use ) . 
  i do n't know how effective the investiment raising is ( i 'd say it would be weird if it worked worse than in , say , tallinn , given the difference in wealth between the two cities ) , but renzi has really tried hard to push startups , yet the results were mediocre . 
  i agree with eu being reluctant to talk about taxation and stuff , but the italian labour market is more or less constantly despised ( this is what they mean when they warn us about reforming it ) , and its weakness lies on the huge costs put on the companies . 
  also , one can address taxation without explicitly mentioning it , because it easily rebounds on the operative expenses/rent prices ( which are expensive here , especially for business-oriented spaces ) . 
  it does n't come as a surprise . 
  the easiness of doing business has always been one of your strongest point . 
  same holds for the netherlands . 
  on the other hand , take italy . 
  no matter how hard you try to develop a good envinroment for startups , you wo n't be doing good unless you cut all the bureaucracy and the unsustainable taxation off . 
  there 's no marriage ( which is not a `` big '' deal , since they 're basically on the same level now ) and stepchild adoption is n't regulated ( each case must be individually judged , but in the end adoption is always granted lol ) , just because renzi had to come to terms with some conservative allies ( m5s did n't want adoption too , they stepped back with some random excuses because surveys were n't favourable ) . 
  it 's not 100 % , but it does n't look a 20 % to me . 
  nobody thinks nice `` belongs '' to italy ( because , once again , italy did n't exist ) . 
  also their inhabitants did vote ( well , they made it look that way ) for being annexed to france , and they moved to the duchy of savoy afterwards . 
  but do n't think it is dumb to recognize its past . 
  it 's not `` look , so much french history '' . 
  it 's italian history that was sold to foreigners by the worst royal dynasty ever . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a single italian person who tried to picture corsi as italians . 
  italy did n't even exist back to 1800 . 
  of course , corsica ( as well as part of the southern france ) is culturally closer to italy ( their dialect is indeed italian ) , but nobody could care less about places that have never been part of our country . 
  it 's true that some do feel resentment for our lost istria , on the other hand . 
  and nizza was the birthplace of garibaldi , it 's hard to argue for its pure frenchness . 
   they started way before it was even a thing . 
   if we were to abandon the euro our economy would go to shit , even worse than it already is , and the lira would be absolutely worthless . 
  italy can not leave . 
  i mean , it 's literally impossible , it 's not even allowed by the current consitution . 
  i do n't think the gap in hardness alone could explain those differences . 
  i do n't even think hardness plays a significant role when it comes to quality of teaching . 
  schools in the south are indeed easier , but that 's a consequence of diffuse carelessness . 
  it 's cultural : s.i. 
  does n't care about its students , therefore they do not care about school . 
  which is the same thing you were saying , actually . 
  northen italy : between finland and japan southern italy : between greece and chile, 
  funnily enough , his own lover was jewish ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/margherita_sarfatti ) . 
  fascism used to be pretty popular among jewish people ( some of them were fascists of the first hour ), 
  absolutely not, 
  comparing italy and greece is wrong . 
  there 's nothing in common ( size , resiliency etc. ), 
  between the two countries . 
  italy can not fail ( mainly because of its size ) . 
  our debt is almost entirely held by italian actors . 
  we are well aware of the criticalities and there 's no chance of getting better soon ( that mostly hits the south which is rapidly losing its inhabitants ) . 
  that 's you trying to change topic . 
  i did n't want to talk about gdp and jobs act 's effects on its growth ( which could be arguably not be detected , btw ) . 
  you were talking about a generic `` labour market improvement '' in your first post . 
  i 'm not the only one to have pointed out that similar changes in regulation takes a lot of time to be effective . 
  yes . 
  being able to fire people more easily ( something which has yet to happen , again , no backfire yet from the jobs act in that regard ) could really make our economy better . 
  we were obviously overprotective in the past years . 
  being more flexible ( more easily fired , more easily hired ) is exactly what is required to make a labour market more efficient . 
  we 're not talking about gdp here . 
  it 's about the labour market and its regulation . 
  should i infer that ours is -- or was -- better than theirs ( in terms of unemployment etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hartz_concept lacrime e sangue, 
  our parliament is not fast at all . 
  that only applies to the `` decretazione d'urgenza '' , which basically puts an expiring date on laws . 
  but it 's an instrument meant to be used with extreme caution and very rarely . 
  if you look at germany , they had to bear way harsher job reforms back to 2000s , and everyone was complaining about the state of their economy . 
  which does n't seem to be the case anymore . 
  correct me if i am wrong . 
  he knew he was n't going to win . 
  due to chronic instability , the fall of a single government is n't necessarily seen as a politic failure in italy . 
  to renzi , it may even be the chance for a great comeback : now that he has secured a huge consensus ( he was running against everyone else , even a large number of members of his own party : if you look at the numbers as they were the result of a political election , which basically is what really happened , your evaluation may change ) , i 'm pretty sure he 's gon na wait for the other parties to weaken . 
  yeah , that 's less than the single city of milan, 
  lol do n't think regular french people have good eating habits just because of haute cuisine ( which is exactly the opposite of popular food culture , i.e. 
  the daily diet of regular people ) . 
   ppp ppp is only used to represent `` internal '' richness and its usefulness is highly debatable . 
  romania , despite having such a disproportionate ppp ( compared with its gdp ) , is by no means an economically relevant country . 
  finally , it has nothing to do with the volume of goods produced , which is the only important thing here . 
  of course we are pretty good in the pastry department too . 
  thanks anyway for your precious recognition . 
  i do n't . 
  just a little reminder . 
  people often forget about its absolute pervasiveness . 
  also , stop downvoting me . 
  remember that mozzarella is a cheese . 
  rome is n't popular for its neapolitan-style pizza . 
  living in milan . 
  would n't even leave my bed for less than 1300-400 euro ( after taxes ) . 
  pretty much everybody gets more . 
  if you 're qualified enough , you 'll get * much * more . 
  every capital city gets a huge boost by being , well , a capital city . 
  there 's always a disproportion between the size of the working population and the actual number of inhabitants of the city . 
  this is why luxembourg looks like eldorado , and bucharest/bratislava/praga have those impressive figures per capita . 
  ma \u00e8 un troll subumano , dai , guarda la history . 
   today had in perspective be a places behind some former communist countries in terms of quality of life and the state of the economy . 
  lol , no . 
  in central rome ( and milan ) prices easily surpass 10k per sq mt. 
  not remotely as expensive as london but quite close to paris . 
   just inheriting a house in a good part of luxembourg makes you a millionaire . 
  is it unusual ? 
  inheriting a house in central london , paris , zurich , rome etc. 
  makes you a millionaire . 
  i bet luxembourg is even cheaper . 
  possibly the ugliest city in spain .
