  that 's why ppp is a bad ( incomplete , at least ) measure . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  my city super $ . 
  usual third-world rank for italy ( and s. europe ) coming from scandinavian sources . 
  since they ca n't beat us in hc quality ( or life exp , or any meaningful output ) , they have to design their own ranking based on consumer perception . 
  yes . 
  ashamed , i 've edited his phrase without thinking . 
  let 's all forget about this . 
  let 's say you got ( almost ) everything wrong . 
  `` totus '' means `` every part of it '' , `` the whole thing '' , it 's not used for `` all '' ps : did not check , but 100 % confident edit : brutal mistake, 
   bottom line , the two countries have at least equalliy shitty job markets and equal future economic outlooks . 
  the tale of italy secretly having it much better than spain is just that , a tale . 
  nobody has denied it . 
   might not be positive by itself , but spain , unlike italy , can afford that since it had highly stable public finances up until the crisis and had room for its public debt to grow . 
  true . 
  but what about debt ownership ? 
  back to the main topic , the op has already provided similar figures and i 've already answered to that . 
  italy 's inactivity has n't changed in the past decades ; moreover , it has actually decreased ( as a share of the total population ) compared to the first 2000s . 
  that simply means inactivity is not a reliable indicator of labour market health , because it is not correlated to unemployment or gdp numbers ( otherwise one could argue for italy getting better in every economical aspect in the past 30 years , which is untrue ) . 
  you ca n't draw any meaningful conclusion by analyzing inactivity raw datas , and your assumption of inactive people simply having given up on job research is not supported by any evidence . 
  ( ps : a little effort in providing your sources would be appreciated ), 
  true , thanks !, 
  corrected, 
  this is like the tenth time a spanish person posts something about `` spain about to surpass italy in gdp ppp por ijff per capita '' ( or similar useless measure ) . 
  italian nationalists do not exist ( i 've yet to meet one , at least ) , as alba was pointing out in b. 
  what you call `` nationalism '' is actually a timid response to some massive bashing and criticism . 
  you said i did n't get the definition , which is clearly false . 
  on the other hand , i did n't try to win the argument by insulting your intelligence or insinuate your claims were blind `` nationalist rants '' . 
  that 's all i 've got to say , and i am still not mad . 
  the charts are somewhat misleading . 
  if we were to use them as an economic indicator , it would show that italian labour market was in a worse shape back to 2001 -- which is , again , clearly false . 
  in the last twenty years , the number of active italian people has remained the same . 
  therefore , there 's no correlation between economic health and % of active people aged 15-64 . 
  furthermore , the second chart is meaningless : it should picture employed/active pop . 
  rather than employed/population . 
  unless , of course , you want to prove some far-fechted statement . 
  i hope i have been precise enough to explain this . 
  we have got half of the country plagued by black economy , and that 's not even recent . 
  female activity rate is something cultural rather than economic . 
  let 's stick to `` your '' definition  the inactive population can include pre-school children , school children , students , ** pensioners ** [ ... ] provided that they are not working at all and not available or looking for work either which is , coincidentally , the same i was using . 
  given that italian population is much older ( that 's what your article says ) , it is obvious that the share of inactives is higher in italy . 
  but you can keep thinking that 20 % of unemployment actually means you 're doing good . 
  do people ( even * experts * ) understand the meaning of `` inactive '' ? 
  they say the italian labour market is in a worse shape because , despite the huge difference in % of unemployment , the italian one has a greater number of inactive people . 
  but that is a direct consequence of italy being way older than spain : the vast majority of inactive people do not look for jobs , it 's not like they have `` lost hope '' . 
  you ca n't draw any conclusion from those premises . 
  well , you can : italy 's debt being self-owned is huge and that alone should dispel every possible comparison between italy and other failed countries ( same can not be said for spain ) . 
  also , spain 's recent growth is linked to its lack of deficit containment policies . 
  yeah that 's my point, 
  i 've never heard an italian complaining about an austrian . 
  i did visit austria once . 
  we were staying in sudtirol . 
  interacting with locals was a little strange and not always pleasant , and we got the feeling that people ( mainly older ones ) were openly hostile to us . 
  austria ( innsbruck ) , on the other hand , was astonishing . 
  every single person we talked to was amazingly gentle and welcoming , to the point i am now fully persuaded that bad-tempered austrian do not actually exist . 
  i am too . 
  it 's a plain bullshit to me . 
  i 've yet to hear of a single young person who does not use the internet . 
  it 's just unthinkable , given that every university and high school requires it . 
  campania is extremely peaceful , actually . 
  those clan wars only involved the worst neighborhoods of naples . 
  in the south here we easily have 6-7 hours long dinners ( not mentioning the lunch ) . 
  albanians are mostly in the south . 
  they account for ( roughly ) one third of the total muslim population . 
  it 's 2.3 % on a national scale but they are mostly in lombardia ( 25 % ) , veneto and emilia romagna ( more than 10 % each ), 
  my point about language is that its usage proves nothing . 
  it strongly depends on the past influence of the country . 
  english itself is n't the best language around ( because there 's nothing like the best language ) , yet we are using it . 
  the linguistic argument is unusable . 
  like i said ( but it was n't clear enough ) , i was n't trying to use my personal experience to prove anything . 
  if you really share such an experience with unskilled italians , i 'd like to know more about it -- but i think you do n't . 
  i 'm not looking to support any kind of claim with my personal and limited experience . 
  generalization is n't a bad thing per se , we 're using everyday concepts like samples ( because you ca n't expect someone to know about every single french person : every survey , for example , only involves a very small percentage of the actual population ) and they provide us with good approximated answers -- although not perfect . 
  this is n't me trying to picture the whole world by projecting my mind into it , it 's me trying to explain that most of the instruments we use does n't involve big samples and they are indeed not needed . 
  if my sample of 100 randomly picked dutch shows that 90 are taller than 1.90 , i can safely assume there 's something unusual about that . 
  of course it takes an accurate study to actual prove they are one of the tallest population alive , but that does n't matter if we are not trying to actual use our statement for relevant purposes . 
  also the simple fact the something exists in one culture ( and you need a very small sample to confirm that ) and it does n't in another could be very significant . 
  looking for data is really hard , but the `` correlation = !, 
  causation '' has nothing to do with our case . 
  i gave my explanation . 
  our food culture is so strong and impervious to something we perceive - and , in fact , is - bad food , yours is n't . 
  to me , no strong food culture may be easily colonized . 
  funnily enough , the world 's top consumers for foie gras are belgium and france ( who consumes even more foie gras that their production allows for , lol ) . 
  that 's the exact epytome of french food : self-satisfactory , popular due to france 's notoriousness ( perceived as exotic by asian people ) , secretly disgusting . 
  i know there 's a lot more , but we both know there 's nothing equivalent ( in terms of appreciation and diffusion ) to pizza , and people ca n't even cook it outside campania ( and it 's not even one of our main dishes , rotfl ) -- and it 's pointless to blame the luxury and the price , ratatouille is simple , omelettes are simple ( sloppy frittate , indeed ) , foie gras itself is ( its production being also illegal in most ue countries is self-explanatory , maybe the powerful france is being boycotted by the second ue food power - according to your interpretation of the mg - , germany ) . 
  i feel like i 'm not being understood ( blame the language , again ) . 
  there 's a part when i have ammittedly produced some far-fetched statements ( because they are funny ) , and the part where truth shines with all its strength . 
  here it comes . 
  first , the ballon d'or is worldy criticized and very often ridiculed of ( sammer anyone ? ) . 
  it 's not me , every football fan is perfectly aware of that ( maybe you do n't because football is n't even a serious thing in your country ... ) . 
  same goes for the guide micheline . 
  i know you have pointed it out yourself , but i wo n't be taking french material used to prove france 's superiority . 
  http://www.theworlds50best.com/list/1-50-winners look at this . 
  guess what : spain is the most present country , italy has the number 1 restaurant , japan has got a single one in the top10 , very small sight of france at sixth position and a couple more in the top50 . 
  france is ouclassed by spain , japan , italy and ( i could be wrong ) chile and usa . 
  denmark outclasses you . 
  quite miserable for the top country ever . 
  look at your recognition . 
  yes , your guide michelin says you 're ( almost ) the best , but other rankings do not quite agree on that point . 
  failing .
