both get most of their votes in east germany . 
  it has a lot to do with the ddr and the problems around the economic and cultural merging with west germany . 
  my bad . 
  they have pretty shitty persons in their board who talking shit all the time . 
  same target group in germany . 
  young and wealthier people in bigger cities like berlin . 
  the problem is that even these people ca n't take their personal serious . 
  the cdu is n't doing more than well . 
  they do nothing for two years and the spd is their smaller partner in the coalition . 
  so if the spd attacks them for doing nothing they have to attack themselves . 
  one more electiion with a big coalition and its the end for the spd . 
  you can see the state of the afd in this number . 
  they ca n't even use the new wave of fear in the media around the attack in hamburg . 
  they will not care anyways . 
  8 percent is enough to bring their important people in the high paid seats of the bundestag and this was the whole target of the party all the time . 
  many potential voters of them will go back to non-voters or even smaller and more radical parties after the election . 
  an occupied one . 
  if you 're interested in german history over the time there is `` die deutschen '' two seasons with episodes about popular and important persons in the history of germany . 
  starts wird charles the great and ended with gustav stresemann right before the raise of hitler . 
  good luck with that paris . 
  i 'm happy hamburgs people opted out of this shit . 
  well , yes . 
  the debate about the status of the church is reoccurring . 
  but with a christian party on top of the country there will be no change . 
  many people see them as state religion ignoring the fact that the state is secularized . 
  so they accept the status quo . 
  is n't this the normal case for the french president ? 
  french people tends to get tired of them really fast . 
  merkel would n't even talk about the problems in her own country if she does n't have to . 
  its one base of her reign : do n't confront anyone with anything . 
  so you 're basically right . 
  she is embarassed by trump and worried that his reign could damage further global targets as the paris contract . 
  but she did n't blame him in the public . 
  she even defended ivanka trump after g20 . 
  i hope the osce is watching so the afd ca n't cry after the election as they see that they are not relevant with their 8 % . 
  this daily `` british economy '' circlejerk by their and the european press is a fucking shitshow . 
  no one would messure the success or problems with the economy in this short terms . 
  and no one knows the impact of brexit now . 
  we will see in some years but even after the trigger of article 50 there is uncertainity about the influence on european or british economy . 
  they try to reconquer mallorca though . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  mallorca tourists are the worst german tourists . 
  food . 
  man , this spanish food is driving me crazy . 
  seafood , tapas , olive oil , jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico and so on . 
  and their food culture , too . 
  eating with friends in tapas bar after the sunset and drinking some beer . 
  thats a style of life i like . 
  and of course spanish women . 
   western europe is going to ride their pseudo-humanitarian social policy to their own graves and you deserve it . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  all those internet experts in society and political sciene . 
  i fucking love this pun . 
  and i 'm feeling horrible for being such an easy pun whore . 
  i was n't talking about the acceptance for more refugees . 
  in this questions i cant speak for anybody because i 'm not even sure by myself and could n't decide . 
  the questions was about the living in germany and the influence on the society . 
  we will see the results in the election if this topic is an important one for a major part of the population . 
  you said that the changes in the usa because of terrorism were big . 
  that was the case following the 9/11 attacks . 
  where did i say that there is a 0 % chance ? 
  we 're living in a time where terror attacks are possible all around the world at any time . 
  but it did n't happen yet and you would n't compare the paris attacks or the attack in nice with 9/11 either . 
  eh there are plenty changes in the society since 9/11 . 
  but that is n't the topic at all . 
  the events are n't comparable . 
  germany is a multi-cultural society since the 60s . 
  after inviting guest workers to the country it was a normal thing to see people with a different cultural background in the bigger cities . 
  of course there are more now and some of then are a problem . 
  but the most people with a problem around the migrants are in regions of the country where are the smallest amount of refuges in germany . 
  we have other problems that effect our daily life more in germany right now . 
  the rents , the upcoming problems with the pensions and so on . 
  i do n't know where you live so i ca n't deny your experience . 
  living in bigger cities in the last years it is not a big topic in daily life . 
  at the moment i 'm living next to a shelter for refugees and it is n't even a subject in the neighbourhood . 
   it 's more a subject for the media than a point for the actual discussion in the living rooms and offices . 
   last updated : 17/07/2017, 
  yeah it 's a shame with all these bombs exploding in our trains lately . 
  the other one is the attacker . 
  maybe citing the other part too : however , he had probably not come to the country as an asylum seeker , but had been living in germany for some time . 
  whether the act was terroristically motivated , is still unclear at the present time . 
  other parts of media are reporting it could be a gang-related crime and not a terror attack . 
  it is still nearly nothing known . 
  then google is n't fast enough . 
  it 's the main topic at bild online and most other newspapers reporting in further news . 
  but at this point it is nearly nothing known about the incident so there is not much to write about . 
  one of the most popular ( you see this at nearly every train station or small shop with newspapers and magazines ) right-wing outlets compact has about 100.000 readers . 
  if you count the smaller blogs or websites there are maybe 2 million readers of popular right-wing / conservative media which are not counted as mainsteam ( faz would be the most conservative one but it is without questions mainstream ) . 
  so even if it is a popular topic in this media it is safe to say that most people have other priorities . 
  edit : of course they should not be ignored . 
  they have a own voice with tichy or compact or other magazines in their own style . 
  i do n't like them but it 's important for a democratic society that this voice is given . 
  but the voice is just loud not representative . 
  but there is n't a raise for the other parties with strong views against the refuge policy . 
  there are the same 10 to 15 % who will vote with a focus in this topic . 
  a lot of them going back to the non-voters and the rest is splitting on smaller parties or bringing the afd back to 10 % . 
  maybe 15 % in the east . 
  as i wrote in the other post : maybe its a topic in the media . 
  a topic on the internet . 
  one for the late-night political-shows .
