no street life , and i guess finland is colder than iraq . 
  amen . 
  there needs to be way more recognition of the art that went into that game . 
  absolutely beautiful !, 
   abused by their parents refugees are wide-spread abusing their children ? 
  is this prevalent enough and sourced ? 
  in a post against propaganda this seems like a pretty extreme claim . 
   simple logic . 
  i was gon na disagree but then you went spock , who 's gon na challenge that ? 
  very considerate , thank you , 
   refugees stay in the first safe country of passage and wait until it 's time to go home . 
  is it really prudent to keep them in greece though , for example ? 
  do you include turkey in this sentiment ? 
  or lebanon , or jordan ? 
  and is europe responsible for the economic strain strictly focused on italy and greece ? 
   because they are obligated to register them . 
  as are all eu countries . 
  put into a broader context does this mean that they 're all supposed to be registered in greece and italy and not leave ? 
  and that all countries letting them pass through without registering them are breaking with eu legislation ? 
  is the legislation written to put the whole burden on those two countries ? 
   how denmark interprets the rules , it is up to denmark the quote from that article from the swedish justice minister . 
  that sounds a lot less clear . 
  why would n't denmark just let them through ? 
  one europe united under british rule , 
  completely true . 
  it 's also why there 's humor associated with rocket scientists coming out of alabama . 
  it 's a totally natural place for them to come from , yet when you hear them speak about physics , and their hero `` van bran '' it sounds funny . 
  it also seems like we associate intelligence with the standard , los angeles dialect , meaning that your promotions and influence will heavily depend on your ability to hide any discernible accent . 
  in travelling the us through the business sphere as well as academia it became evident that having no discernible accent was a huge plus . 
  i do n't like it . 
  while it 's more convenient for communication , i would like there to be a moment , very soon , where google : translate or something like it can bridge the communication gap . 
  so much is lost when people are n't using/thinking in the panoply of european languages . 
  i 'm about to visit sweden and after six months studying the language i 'm told that i 'll have to force people to not just speak english with me . 
  i like op 's example with dutch and german . 
  for now , maybe , english is the necessary crutch to get us through until translation tech improves . 
  but i hope that not too many normative cultures are destroyed by this crutch . 
  i really hope that globalization does n't mean some great cultural/linguistic convergence , diversity should n't have to be supplanted by convenience . 
  from an economic standpoint , attempting to settle a community that is physically isolated from the rest of the local civilization with no established autonomous viability seems completely futile . 
  it 's not just a matter of that being the only land available , they do n't have structure/governance/jobs / established normative behavior . 
  could you imagine moving refugees ( particularly the more venerable portions of the population ) from northern africa to northern finland ? 
  might be a bit chilly for them . . 
  * brows furrow , eyes narrow , pours a shot of vodka, 
  like , lease a large swath of territory from a financially struggling eu country . 
  not sure which one ... 
  the initial confederation went through crises that forced a reformation of the constitution with a much more powerful federal government . 
  maybe something similar could happen here . 
  or perhaps americans should let the europeans chime in a bit more :p, 
  imagine how crazy the world would be if even half of what the eu times posted were true . 
   do we really want to be opressed by the american owners ? 
  yes . 
  yes , you do , 
  how do they write `` prime '' and `` double-prime '' . 
  we notate that with what looks like apostrophize . 
  so what do your mathematicians use ( and we should probably copy them , math is n't exactly our strong suit ), 
  i 've always thought that the way the u.s. does history lessons must affect the way that we perceive the world . 
  doing the world 's history or us history chronologically every year means that there 's tons of time for wwii , and then we really rush the cold war but by then you 're cramming for final exams . 
  so your final impressions are imperialist japan and cold war , divided germany . 
  i think it 's really useful for the us to have a spectrum of allies with different stances throughout europe . 
  we do n't have to pay the political and economic price of fostering dissent and we have inroads via sweden with any major actor that comes up against major traditional us allies in the region . 
  if sweden were to seriously misbehave ( undermine the us stance on iran for example ) then it would be going too far . 
  but this is a strategy to maximize the effectiveness of alliances within europe , ensuring that whoever is on top in the middle east has a positive path to dialogue with the us . 
   i do n't know if we would n't strike targets inside russian territory with missiles and aircraft . 
  we would . 
  the campaign would be about neutralizing russian military capabilities while pressuring them to withdraw . 
  an actual overt invasion of a nato ally would mean full scale retaliation against russian military targets , regardless of location . 
  that includes preemptive efforts far from the baltics to prevent threats that might come from there . 
  shotgun labeled , `` use in case of ~ ~ zombies ~ ~ canucks '', 
  what ^ about ^ the ^ sami :(, 
  the picture of that kid in the bathrobe is on loads of magazines near the check-out in grocery stores . 
  plus we like to intersperse our depressing news headlines with light fluff material , so the picture made it on the big networks . 
  so we can come ? 
  more common than i realized . 
  i swear , every other week in malmo there was some other hand grenade attack : /, 
   is one of the 5 i think at this point we would be willing to label bombs with other countries ' flags to claim a `` growing coalition '' . 
  just need their literal stamp of approval, 
  no , it 's an r & d/manufacturing industry . 
  it 's funny for a country to specialize in that manufacturing process , as well as foster the supply lines necessary to maintain high rates of production even though domestic consumption is extremely low . 
  a better example would be volvo if swedes did n't drive volvos , only hipsters in california . 
  it seems like maintaining a hard line on crimea leaves the situation intractable . 
  interesting that the shift became so static from 1996 to 2006 . 
  france had a few other conflicts they were dealing with at the time , to be fair . 
  sounds like california . 
  except that at the end of the day they do n't actually get it done . 
  we 've been working on that high-speed rail between la and sf for years ... 
   alpine yodeling in your nose talk about bizarre imagery, 
  pine and cedar take on a completely different scent while sitting in one of your amazing saunas with a couple of old finns wearing nothing but gold chains around their necks who get a kick out of making it as hot and humid as possible . 
  it 's like some of the wood liquefies and enters through your nostrils, 
  have n't been there yet , but i always imagine the scent of freshly baked baguettes wafting up through low-rise paris apartments . 
  exhaust fumes rapidly dissipating over wide , open spaces , mixed with enough nature to almost feel agrarian at times , with even the biggest cities bordering vast , sparsely inhabited wilderness . 
  you forgot the ypk, 
  it sounds like the lithuanian government pursued higher living standards through minimum wage policy coupled with austerity ( which is a bizarre combination ) . 
  how receptive is the government to internet disrupters ( airbnb , uber , etc. . ) ? 
  do you think currency also plays into the difficulties of maintaining startup businesses ? 
  it still seems worthwhile to consider the platform . 
  there are heavier , important portions of content that i think are completely necessary within their artistic context . 
  but i agree with the sense of hesitation when considering either unwitting audiences or that portion of the art being observed out of context . 
  it seems okay to have that discussion and rule either way on something like this , i find the debate to be a useful part of the process . 
  how difficult is it to start a business ? 
  if there are entrepreneurial lower-middle educated people , how difficult is it for them to pursue new , niche jobs ? 
  and how well is the internet made available outside of big cities ?
