  you 'll have ended the war at the cost of forcing the permanence of the refugees in europe . 
  but maybe that 's already going to be the case anyway . 
  so i typed it , realized it could n't be right , and then realized how fitting it was . 
  at least it 's not here in utah . 
  mormon boys pose on the site and then try to ambush you with a book of mormon when you show up . 
  ugggghhh . 
   it is not a gentlemen 's club you just alienated burlesquoni, 
  looks amazing !, 
  and there was another in the shape of a snowflake with indoor skiing . 
  some of the coolest looking buildings in the world were designed by danes . 
  no way , your lack of mountains is on of the reasons why your architecture is so amazing !, 
  why deprive you of your source of inspiration ? 
  when sanctions start lifting russia 's domestic businesses are going to have a permanent edge for generations . 
  if a business relies on foreign ties then it is at huge risk . 
  cyprus is pretty reliable for this too . 
  that quote makes me so uncomfortable . 
  he might mean boots !, 
  thank god . . 
  yeah , thank goodness sweden still has royalty though , your version of the kardashians would be ace of base and everyone knows they 're nazis ... : /, 
   they can fawn over the royal baby 25/7 in exchange as opposed to the usual 24 you have n't seen much american tv . 
  we 're super obsessed with kate . 
  honestly , it 's a bit bizarre , we through off royalty and then hundreds of years later we create an entire base of films around the notion of marrying into royalty . 
  it 's a strange world . 
  well played :p, 
   not sweden this made your list of pros ? 
  harsh, 
  should n't america be on this list ? 
  i think this would be easier if america was on this list :p, 
  war tourn ... 
  i 'll see myself out ... 
  it was surprising to hear that he 's the first uk astronaut to go to the iss . 
  does the uk work more with esa or nasa ? 
  have they fixed the problem with polling over there ? 
  because there was no way that the conservatives were going to win according to the polls except they won an outright majority . 
  so , that 's the grain of salt i 've been applying to pretty much any new polls , especially if they 're semi-sensationalist . 
   they must think this is what life is like . . a one long episode of friends `` so no one told you life was gon na be this waaaaay !! '', 
  this is why you cross dress , wear a water bra , fill that shit with coke and rum . 
  that 's right mates , i 'm going in to star wars with double ds and coming out in a trainer bra :d love it , our laws make us do crazy shit !, 
  ` murica !, 
  is that supposed to read like the chia pet commercial ? 
  because it very much reads like the [ chia pet commercial . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o92wnzzgqee ), 
  the idea that in order to garner russian support for ousting assad , nato would be willing to draw down and not defend the baltics seems insane . 
  obama is not nato 's problem , there has been zero hesitation in deploying troops to bolster nato allies ' defenses . 
  as for the drawdown of us troops , the us policies are much more focussed on protecting our national and economic interests . 
  with tpp passed , the atlantic is simply less important regionally , as it should be . 
  china 's military is growing , us hegemony in east asia is over , of course we 're going to shift focus away from europe . 
  the us is one of the only nato members that spends consistently above the 2 % mark for military spending . 
  nato does n't have an `` obama problem '' it has a `` nato problem '' . 
   football [ football ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmqfz3wugqe ) ftfy, 
  yeah , that combo of sad and pissed off , every account just fucking hurts . 
  eurovision song contest ? 
  what is this ? 
  and poland , right ? 
  poland would be on that list ? 
  well ... 
  it 's a leap to pretend that trump as a candidate has had anywhere near the influence of what trump the businessman had . 
  and , to be honest , his book probably did have a pretty significant influence on graduates of business colleges in the us for the past few years . 
  not damage though , it 's decent advice for business negotiations . 
  it 's not just that the eu will have more powers , it 's that greece and italy will have less . 
  turkey can leverage a huge influx of refugees , as can greece , for bargaining tools . 
  this could take away or limit that hand , along with centralizing power away from individual eu member states . 
  it gets worse when you squint and see denmark as hand with outstretched , fondling fingers . 
  a bit ironic , considering the shape the two countries make . 
  it 's not quite that simple , though i get this logic . 
  defectors provide really useful information on customs and practices within the country they came from . 
  they also often have a network of people back home to coordinate with . 
  even if it looks like someone left the country to fight for isis , they significantly raise the domestic threat level . 
  it is much better to detain them before they leave . 
  give him an hour or two , he 's on rapid recharge mode . 
  they 've threatened going to the un . 
  how weird would it be if this was the thing that ended up getting un peacekeeping missions deployed . 
   the neo-nazi/farther right organisations like to call up the viking stuff . 
  the symbol of mjolnir have been adopted by a few neo-nazi organisations . 
  as someone who drank mead and had fun conversations in broken swedish at an awesome viking bar in old town , stockholm this past summer , you ca n't believe how sad this makes me . 
  this is why there need to be more actions taken to undermine the efficacy of russia 's rule in ukrainian territory . 
  as long as that can successfully be accomplished , there can be popular support in those regions that can compensate for the diverted focus . 
  if russia were suddenly in control of an area , it seems like the worst thing that could happen there is empty grocery stores , gross overt corruption , and governing ineptitude . 
  it does n't help that the need would be to contrast russian rule with ukrainian , since i understand that the ukrainian government did n't have a great political perception to begin with . 
  fundamentally the ecb is tasked strictly with targeting inflation , whereas the fed has the dual mandate of employment and inflation . 
  there is so much opportunity to sell to us and chinese consumers , especially if european growth lags and the euro loses relative strength . 
  just prepare yourselves for some really intense tourist seasons and massive growth of high-tech industries . 
   a far-right sympathiser so ... swedish conservatives tie in to their viking roots , using traditional viking weaponry ? 
  is that sweden 's version of cowboys ? 
  it 's not great to do pseudo-psycology : there 's a difference between the rhetoric of how people must be mental for committing acts of terrorism , and having a doctor actually state that someone is mentally unstable . 
  the distinction seriously effects exactly how the person is processed/detained . 
  in the us we ca n't execute someone who is severely mentally ill ( with some exceptions in texas of course ) . 
  so it could be a very important distinction . 
   it 's disingenuous at best to pretend the us maintains as strong a military presence in europe as it does just to `` defend weak countries '' or does n't stand to be threatened by russian expansion . 
  the reason i do n't find this to be disingenuous is because we can see examples throughout the world of other countries more capable of self-defense where the us is able to play a more partner-like role . 
  comparing the strength of interests is difficult , but i should think that ultimately estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , etc. 
  have more interest in their territorial security and integrity than the us . 
  as an expansion of that thought , the threat presented in russia taking over crimea and encroaching toward the rest of ukraine should serve as more dire for the people of europe than the us . 
  the continued inability of european nations to successfully defend their territory from the most immediate , apparent threat is why i could categorize us strategy as defending weak nations . 
  certainly there is shared interest by the us in defending its allies , but in instances where us allies can defend themselves there tends to be more of a bi-lateral coordination led by the nation where the us is working . 
  with the exceptions of france and the uk , this does not describe the relationship between the us military and european partners . 
  i 've heard the opposite for eu stance vs the us stance : why should the us care if russia is taking over and annexing parts of a european country ? 
  why does the us have to entangle itself in alliances that force us to defend weak countries like the baltics from russia . 
  within our mutual defense agreements almost all signatories fail to spend the agreed amount on defense , meaning either the pact is ineffective or the us has to spend disproportionately . 
  should n't this be an eu/russia dispute with the us as a neutral party ?
