  does this represent a framework for nato expansion that may find its way to other nato member states ? 
  imagine that field trip permission slip : i _____ , give my son/daughter permission to visit the nuclear missile silo . 
  x __________ it 's like something straight out of north dakota, 
  there is no way that they 're taking everyone in jordan into account . 
  how do they cover refugee camp communities ? 
  market share shifts to opel , as is to be expected . 
  it would be nice to see them push for a larger share of other foreign markets in general , not just in europe . 
  most do n't, 
  has there been a resettlement effort then ? 
  my curiosity comes from having an uncle who served there for us forces a while back . 
  did n't realize so many people were leaving kosovo . 
  has it been mostly negative since their independent statehood then ? 
  i suspect that all diplomats have a list labeled , `` no public handshakes '' to deal with this sort of situation . 
  maybe even a sideways glare list to go with it . . 
  how about [ sputnik news ] ( http://sputniknews.com/russia/20151202/1031145652/putin-launches-crimea-electricity.html ) i do n't speak russian , so presumably the information on these sites will be presented differently . 
  but it seems like a really obvious tactic to use with propaganda , i would be surprised if they were somehow botching it . 
  also , i have no doubt that they are working to fix the problem , it can be propaganda while still being mostly true . 
   only to learn that the crisis is basically averted and crimea is back to normal happy life if you go on rt and search crimea , the [ results ] ( https://www.rt.com/search/?q=crimea ) do n't really reflect this as their media strategy . 
  it looks like evil/inept ukraine is semi-malicious in keeping power and possibly even supplies , and that russia is threatening serious backlash against ukraine like cutting off coal supplies , if the power does n't come back quickly . 
  russia is enjoying some western sympathy at the moment , so it 's not the best time to push a military campaign in ukraine . 
  but the propaganda reflects an economic campaign of an aggressive , protective russia . 
   also on offer to ankara , which has driven a hard bargain but wants to revive relations with its european neighbors as it faces trouble in the middle east and from russia , is a `` re-energized '' negotiating process on turkish membership of the eu -- even if few on either side expect it to join soon . 
  the refugees provide a leverage point to reinvigorate these sorts of negotiations . 
  there are some interesting papers written specifically on that topic . 
  for us soldiers committing rape in certain villages during the vietnam war , one of the reasons cited was the inability to access or even see the enemy forces in the jungle . 
  atrocities against civilians can be used to satisfy the need to commit counter violence and reinforce the perception that one 's group is still powerful . 
  it was a scientific journal article , i 'll link it if i can find it . 
  how strong were those ties to begin with ? 
  does this really change much ? 
  it probably boosts morale , finally getting to return fire at the planes that have been bombing the rebels . 
  plus it might provide for useful propaganda material , showing that the bear can/does bleed . 
  i 'm not disagreeing that returning him might be the noble/moral course of action . 
  but they chose to kill him and it 's worth trying to understand why . 
  rescue operations seem like they 're more likely than retaliation . 
  plus it could be a leverage point against turkey , where the international community would fully back russian operations to extract the guy . 
  in that sense he was a threat . 
  that presumes that hostage/prisoner negotiation is something the rebels are interested in . 
  what objective would it serve ? 
  would capturing him help reduce russian aggression ? 
  it seems doubtful . 
  i can imagine capturing him to be used as a sign of legitimacy and self-restraint on the rebels ' part , so maybe that 's what you 're referring to . 
  when you say `` backpedal '' do you think that they will adjust their flight tactics ? 
  no more flying in that region ? 
  no weapons were found that i 've seen reported , so that part of the attack still needs to be figured out i guess . 
  there is such a low chance that the us will follow this opinion . 
  blowback is a problem , one worth preparing for . 
  but the us already conducts the vast majority of airstrikes , and maintains the capacity to project their power internationally . 
  we will be there . 
  i agree that the strategic vision of the last 10 years did not work . 
  especially as the us lost support of allies until they were maintaining a presence in iraq almost unilaterally . 
  something is going to happen this time , in response to this attack . 
  it 's that strategic vision we should work on . 
  if they make up a larger portion that fact does n't seem to manifest itself . 
  maybe it 's a problem that we do n't want to handle , maybe it is . 
  but the characterization of terrorist cell segments as a small minority of the overall refugee population still seems apt . 
  not sure that counts as a genre , plus it would include a lot of chinese nationalist music . 
  which is catchy , do n't get me wrong , just a far cry from russia 's stuff, 
   per liter per what ? 
  like , as in double-dutch ? 
   us tv shows and movies i 've been wondering , does this mean that accents/spelling/grammar comes out closer to american english than british english ? 
  if it 's taught in school , which version is more typical in non english speaking countries throughout europe ? 
   yep germans pay 35 % less than we are for the same gas . 
  while they are much , much wealthier . 
  how is this the case ? 
  does n't it have to travel farther for them ? 
  and why ca n't you buy it at discount from them to increase their price and decrease yours ? 
   more kebab always !, 
  even on pizza 'cause turks are awesome , 
  does ireland consider itself closer to the english-speaking nations ( specifically us , uk , canada , australia , nz ) than europe ? 
  we use sweden and switzerland interchangeably here . - . 
  wow , she literally kicked a little girl , why do we just hear about the tripping ? 
  it 's not terribly often that we 're faced with those as the only two options . 
  i wonder to what degree those budget cutbacks speak to a less endemic military-industrial complex . 
  the us builds loads of equipment needlessly because the right towns have the right politicians to land the right contracts . 
  the author seems to gloss over modern military sophistication , which i think is a sore spot for military analysts these days . 
  bemoaning the loss of tanks and ignoring the existence of drones . 
  money as a metric for military might does n't quite capture the situation on the ground . 
   we do n't speak a common language with each other and do n't necessarily have the same training or drills . 
  that aspect is rapidly deteriorating . 
  english speaking abilities are pretty high throughout europe . 
  given two units coordinating movement , they could probably understand each other well enough to be functional . 
  bond is gon na expose some dirty back-room deal and muck it all up, 
  why not push for more investment in the greek military and their border-enforcement mechanisms ? 
  does n't it seem strange that the outsourcing means bailing out an unreliable partner ? 
   president trump president elect could happen this year , he would get sworn in january , 2017, 
  why not just independence ? 
  why would there be the need for n. ireland to be part of either country ? 
  sounds like advising to buy when prices are high . 
  the inevitable doom befalling such a false representation of an already somewhat ambivalent geographical area , i suppose, 
  if scotland did go independent , would wales leave too ? 
  top interrogators from british intelligence will be working on the guy nonstop . 
  if it were false flag , it would be a pretty dangerous gambit . 
  on the face of it , some guy getting really pissed and going out and shooting someone seems more likely than a false-flag attack . 
  should we be skeptical about the polling at this point , since they were so off about the parliamentary elections recently ? 
  at most , it 'll be the difference of a few drinks at the bar or something . 
  unless op is loaded . 
  is n't it just two weeks ? 
  sure , but i think it 's interesting to consider which parts of unity the eu will select as it goes forward . 
  free movement of laborers is really big one , unity of currency , centralized foreign policy , centralized immigration law , an eu law enforcement branch and possibly a military , a centralized judicial system that supersedes national courts , etc. . . 
  i can see how someone arguing against one of these would be setting up a straw man , but they each raise individually interesting discussions about the purpose of the european project .
