  ah , that makes way more sense , thanks !, 
  why are n't the violations/vehicle ratios reduced ? 
  like , mongolia is 33,6 . 
  why not 11,2 ? 
  it sounds pretty extreme , the idea that we would n't torture simply because trump was ordering it . 
  we did under bush at multiple sites on multiple occasions . 
  why would trump be any different ? 
  would that victory come at the cost of perception of the us in western europe ? 
  because western states seem unconcerned with the threat russia may pose to the eastern states . 
  if any state ought to be posing a counter-threat to the russians , should n't it be france or the uk or germany ? 
  russian actions are so incredibly far from threatening the us homeland that our political class has to bend over backwards to explain how this is in our interest . 
  the problem with any sort of propaganda war is that as soon as us troops exist in any significant number out there , they will be easier targets of either attacks or false rumors . 
  it sounds like the reasoning for subjecting us citizens to this risk is that other european allies will not take threats to their eastern european counterparts seriously . 
  so , the us should deploy more troops to eastern europe , gaining stronger criticism and condemnation from western european allies and from russia ? 
  i 'm struggling to see how this is in the us ' interest . 
  it seems like europe , as a whole , could provide for its own defense and chooses not to . 
  i do n't see a similar complaint with cricket, 
  that other sport is called football, 
  even given isis and the way they behave , it is surprising to hear people talk about missing sadaam and wishing he was still in power . 
  how familiar are you with the extent to which people suffered in the region because of him ? 
   uday hussein i 'm not sure that he held enough favor to be the next in line . 
  it seemed like sadaam was leaning more towards his other son , who specialized in political assassinations . 
  you do n't have to imagine sadaam putting down a revolution though , it happened more than once . 
  greatest ecological man-made disaster when he drained the marshes in the south . 
  if there were n't a no-fly zone declared in the north , he probably would have ended up committing a full-fledged genocide against the kurds . 
  he was already using full towns to test chemical bombs . 
  there is a strong overlap of global knowledge and political participation though . 
  you have to practice saying , `` i need a hug , or else i 'm not sure how i 'll keep these refugees from crossing the border ... '', 
  wow , that was beautiful !, 
  the music seemed strange , but it felt fitting by the end . 
  western sahara independence movement separatists are jailed or persecuted by the government . 
  i would guess that the asylum seekers are political refugees, 
  turkey is in a weirdly powerful position with their ability to affect how many refugees get through . 
  i think it would n't be crazy to predict that the shengen zone will face some serious setbacks this year . 
  how would you say aquawoman : origin story in svenska ? 
  i thought another german might comment , but so far no luck . 
  what about the ~ 50 million americans with german ancestry ? 
  you gave us hot dogs and hamburgers !, 
  any ties still remaining there ? 
  we agree in so many ways , and i think the us would be better for having something closer to the swedish system ( minus a royal family ) . 
  i am not saying that if only the us did n't have the level of diversity then it would be easier to govern . 
  it 's far more complicated , in my opinion . 
  it seems like you 're somewhat combative about what you may perceive as a racial argument , and since i fundamentally disagree about that point i 'll explain it first : the founding of the us saw extreme diversity based on the people who lived in different areas of the country . 
  rhode island vs massachusetts vs virginia vs new york all had a broad range of backgrounds . 
  in many cases those migrant patterns reflected differing cases of european philosophies . 
  arguably ( though i 'm not the one to do this argument any sort of justice ) after the fall of the initial articles of confederation the only sort of centralized government that could be established had to be in the form of a republic . 
  representation from these founding areas needed their specific interests , from 3/5 's of a person for each black person in the union which granted more populist power to the south , to ensuring the senate had more power especially with foreign policy in order to placate the northern states . 
  up through the us civil war and beyond , the relationship between the constitution and the establishment of new states meant that immigration and migratory patterns determined the balance of power between the groups . 
  entrenched special interests were written into the us constitution in such a way that they were tied to geographical areas . 
  this means , at its core , that migratory patterns are one of the determining factors on who has power in the us . 
  and that once an area is established , the first thing they pursue is cultural entrenchment . 
  this is most apparent with states like utah , colorado , or texas . 
  i completely agree that the crux of the thing is the us constitution , but i do n't know that the us would have grown to the size it is today without the constitution determining that competing forces needed the race for settlement to maintain relative power in washington . 
  do you see , again , how `` blame it on the blacks '' is a misrepresentation of my views ? 
  diesel wo n't recover from this , and the planet will be better off because of it . 
  kinda hard to govern across the globe while war after war in quick succession . 
  so i hear . 
  i would have guessed switzerland to be in the mix , or luxembourg or belgium . 
  growth in gdp is n't the whole story , certainly . 
  many countries are going to face an aging population as well , and japan seems to be innovating quite well to handle that challenge . 
  there may be a select group of americans who think that way . . 
  there was a largely diverse native population here before settlement . 
  that settlement saw waves from loads of european countries , each with their own distinct culture . 
  portions of america are still largely defined by the wave of inhabitants who happened to move there . 
  most of those immigrants did not originally speak english . 
  we have recently been experiencing huge waves of immigrants from other american countries as well . 
  `` homogeneous '' does not mean simply ethnicity or nationality , it also means culture . 
  sure sweden has a large immigration level now . 
  that has been the majority of the us ' history . 
  and even then i 'm overlooking the millions and millions of asian immigrants who came to the us : chinese , japanese , korean , vietnamese , indian , etc. 
  painting it as `` the us is diverse because it has black people '' is quite inaccurate . 
  but if you were discussing with americans about that subject then sweden is certainly more homogeneous . 
  enacting large democratic changes can be extraordinarily difficult in a large , varied country . 
  solutions that seem obvious in one area are completely repulsed elsewhere . 
  being large has advantages on the global stage . 
  but getting a strong enough democratic consensus , * especially * in a large republic , is simply harder . 
  a really nice result of that is that large countries like the us have a set of interesting diverse solutions to problems that we can see in european states , a cool variety of techniques and government mechanisms that we could emulate once we muster enough political will to . 
  personally , i think there is much to be envied of the riksdag in particular . 
  i was lucky enough to spend some time around it over on gamla stan , it was incredible !, 
  whoa that got dark . 
  and against a canadian . 
  wow , that 's fascinating !, 
  i 've certainly interacted with large portions of poles in the us , though i think the younger generations only knew a handful of polish phrases . 
  they definitely seemed linked to poland though , usually planning trips there or saving up to do so . 
  i think it 's pretty interesting that the government response to polish people facing risk would be to move them back to poland . 
  my perception of part of the brexit argument was that poland was pressuring the eu to retain rules favorable to keeping the status of poles in the uk . 
  do you think that poland 's identity , more in an ethnic sense than a geographic one , has become stronger in as they integrate into the eu ? 
  it has a little square showing them , the map itself only shows a portion of turkey , stopping just after the eastern edge of ukraine, 
   obama has supported argentines ` claim ' to the falklands my research on this is only showing us neutrality , not support of argentina . 
  it makes sense that the us would hold this position : as far as we can tell argentina is not making efforts to attack the islands again , and de facto the will of the island 's residents is being carried out . 
  if there were a plan for argentinian military involvement it is likely that they would seek alliances to reinforce their claim if threatened by us naval power . 
  explicit us support would not coerce the argentinian government into capitulation , but it would create a much stronger anti-western sentiment amongst the people there . 
  arguably the government recently elected in argentina is better suited to helping move talks with debtors and help the country 's fiscal situation . 
  so : neutrality as a means to not foster an anti-western movement in one of the most important south american nations . 
  because the uk seems militarily capable of handling its claims , this seems like a rational approach . 
  i do not mean for this to be an assertion of what i think should be done , simply an explanation of us political behavior . 
  as an individual i find the democratic vote of a populous to be a compelling argument for sovereignty . 
  this gets more tricky when cases like crimea are considered . 
  it seems like you 're pretty firmly in the pro camp . 
  a stark example of dividing interests could be the aiib .
