  notice that white hippo/manatee hybrid , that 's a very finnish thing !, 
  also , why the hell would you choose to spend your summer in finland ? 
  sounds like finnish advice, 
  1.9 trillion roughly , though that 's looking more at 2014 's numbers . 
  so take 151 bn and spread it over 3 years , recognizing that it represents the fast purchasing of liquid assets or capital that was n't in high circulation , and those assets are now going to make fast recovery ( minus oil , that one 's hard to predict ) plus there is a possibility of future foreign investment if russia looks safe again . 
  so , as bad as the author makes it sound and overall could have been much worse . 
  the article does n't clarify a time scale so it seems safer to assume that this means since the oil crash and the devaluing of the rubble . 
  so there 's an elongated time scale . 
  the article itself suggests a significant black market in russia meaning the gdp numbers are deceptively low . 
  even so , this is just one outsider 's opinion , just stating how i came to that view . 
  $ 151 billion in capital flight does n't really seem that bad relative to russia 's economy . 
  oh god , put the bar as low as 10 % and you could get some pretty terrifying/meaningless opinions from the us as well . 
  you got this . 
  actually , interesting side note , you would have almost exactly the same amount of money if it was a year ago today . 
  put everything into the chinese housing market . 
  it 's pretty much a sure thing, 
  i think if we knew of a bubble ahead of time we would just buy into it and make sure to sell before everyone else . 
   europe needs to decide its own future without us domination . 
  agreed . 
  our strategic interests are mostly in the pacific anyway , and if tpp gets passed they 're there even more so . 
  if individual european countries are interested and willing to enter into security arrangements with us then i do n't see the problem . 
  otherwise , let europe handle its own threats . 
  syria devolving , russia threatening ukraine , the us is behaving like an enabler , fortifying european nation states that consistently refuse to spend on their own defense and then tolerating the ridicule we experience for having such a large military budget . 
  because the scale is so radically different , it 's entirely unreasonable to cover them the same way . 
  especially if we consider the % of migrant populations that conducted the sexual assaults on germans vs the % of germans this group of 20 people represents . 
  it 's super dishonest to pretend that one equates the other . 
  honestly , after seeing the police lay down and let my sisters get assaulted and even raped , there 's no chance i would be standing by . 
  not beating up strangers , but i 'd sure as hell switch parties/protest . 
  inherent in accepting refugees from an area of chaos is buying into the stability of that region . 
  if syria is the main provisioner of refugees then it would seem as though germany just bought herself a compelling case for a stronger interventionist policy . 
  france 's reaction to the terror attacks called on european action , it would make sense for germany to seriously militarize and react to the ongoing syrian crisis . 
  with saudi and iranian interests swiftly diverging there , it might behoove germany to act quickly while political will and interests are still aligned for a peace settlement . 
  you 're underselling the guy . 
  maybe [ body language ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5aoyxsmx8k ) or something should be up there . 
  source : my mom is obsessed . 
  english and really shoddy [ indonesian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_6l96bjmye ) apparently, 
  totally reminds me of the pope 's speech to congress . 
  my parents listened and could `` feel the spirit '' but once they realized i understood him they made me translate . 
  potentially there could be lots of them holed up in turkey , jordan , lebanon , or whatever country they initially fled to . 
  or , there could be large gender disparity to begin with for demographics ( as in girls survive infancy at significantly lower rates than boys ), 
  serious question : if the gender ratios are that skewed , does that mean that a significantly large number of women are simply back in syria ? 
  or back in whichever country the asylum seekers are coming from ? 
  that is sort of encouraging though , the idea that if european nations can actually integrate their biometric data , they can catch douchebags like this guy . 
  not a cure-all , for sure , but it would be a super sensible thing to adopt . 
  probably would help with crime in general since criminals might be moving jurisdictions . 
  or just do n't talk about nazis since they literally have nothing to do with what we 're discussing, 
  the degree to which warfare has changed since wwii is astounding . 
  any fixed artillery is essentially useless against a national military . 
  just park your drones in the area , identify targets , and then launch a few bunker busters . 
  any sort of symmetric warfare would see these sorts of defenses knocked out almost immediately . 
  checks out , this is a good tl : dr for those who want to be spared this condescending , headache of an article . 
  so they 're fine with firing water cannons on their own citizens but not in defense of their own citizens ? 
  what the hell ? 
  if there could be a coordinated system with turkey where european nations paid for the upkeep of a prison to house immigrant criminals then i could see this working . 
  deportation to syria is probably impossible at the moment , as it should be . 
  but turkey seems like the natural first line of defense in this fight . 
  this is only helpful for trump . 
  it wo n't pass , so he 'll still be fine to go to germany . 
  no american will decided to oppose trump based on this . 
  the debates wo n't even be in english , so there wo n't be nice sound bites to use against trump later . 
  and it 's loads of free new press coverage for him since cnn and friends will do wall-to-wall coverage . 
  you ca n't kill him , and hitting him makes him stronger . 
  i know you said only one sentence . 
  but , it 's implied that we 're the exception to your rule . 
  because we 're awesome . 
  ` murica . 
  i wonder if there has been a study about fasting affecting your score on exams . 
  i would be totally comfortable if islamic students wanted to take sats or acts ( most important tests in us high school ) after ramadan . 
  the point is measuring aptitude to slot them for the appropriate university . 
  doing it during ramadan could ( intuitively ) artificially depress the scores of practicing muslim students . 
   our mods means to mark it as `` duplicated '' even its a brand new message mods are struggling atm from what i understand . 
  today 's news looks almost the exact same as monday 's even though it 's largely updates/new stories . 
  we have people pulling that shit all the time up here in maine . 
  we call them massholes . 
  i thought the sami were up there as well , is that wrong ? 
  edit : yup , guess that 's wrong, 
   lots of land , no natives . 
  actually thinking about it , when have europeans ever colonized an uninhabited place in the past ? 
  i can just imagine the astronauts , `` what do you mean i have to * pay * for in-flight pretzels ?!? 
  we 're in space ffs !! '', 
  does n't the brazilian president have some of the worst ratings ever ? 
  it would n't be surprising if these numbers dip in democratic regimes just before regime change . 
  this is exactly why we need to make america great again !, 
  we will once again become the leaders of the free world !, 
  related : swedes working furiously to establish a method of conducting border checks without making eye contact or small talk, 
  is there also support for a pan-turkic state in turkey ? 
  there are calls for it from uighurs in germany , and it 's one of the big things china opposes for propaganda purposes . 
  it would be fascinating to see the reverse . 
  china has a larger population than north america and europe combined , but ask the average person from either of those places what they think of hunan and you 'll probably draw a blank . 
   all other former colonies in asia , north - and south america and oceania seem to be doing fine though . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i 've done a couple of humanitarian events for haiti , they do n't seem to have ever really recovered . 
  i 'm not sure about what the country was like before the french colonized it , but it does n't seem to be faring well . 
  some of us are trying to learn your language/humor with the intention to visit someday , 
   do you think the russian people would be able to live without a `` tzar '' ? 
  we often hear that people said this about the us back when we declared independence . 
  from personal interactions ( which i know are biased ) i would definitely say russians are more than capable of being a strong democracy . 
  it 's worth wondering what a peaceful syria will look like . 
  if a foreign force is used to push back and defeat isis , followed by occupation to rebuild the country under assad , the question is if the millions of refugees will feel safe returning . 
  if they do n't return before elections then assad could plausibly win , granting him democratic credibility .
