  it should , i hope , be within your powers as , i hope , it is within the power of others to disagree in a way that encourages debate , further 's the conversation by actually making a point and trying to back it up and is not just name calling and unpleasantness . 
  you can disagree with me in a constructive and persuasive way and i can do the same to your comments . 
  all that is being asked of us is that we do that instead of posting a racist slur then leaving . 
  it 's not very hard to do . 
  your saying the opposite of what i said . 
  dissenting opinion should be encouraged , being an unintelligent neanderthal who adds nothing to the conversation should not be encouraged . 
  insult does not mean criticise . 
  your free to criticise because criticism ` in a civil manner and with some tact ' is beneficial to public debate . 
  name calling and repeating stereotypes while adding nothing to the conversation is not helpful . 
  does this mean i wo n't be charged more for travelling in europe ? 
  if so this is bloody fantastic . 
  muslims can have differences of opinion too . 
  some muslims are fucking maniacs most are not . 
  some christians are fucking manics most are not . 
  some people are maniacs most are not . 
  you can see a trend forming here . 
  it took 20 minutes for an armed response vehicle to get there once the severity of the situation became apparent . 
  normal police were there long before but considered it too dangerous to engage them without guns . 
  i do n't know why they did n't have tazers , many inner city police have them nowadays and [ they can deal quite well with knife wealding maniacs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf878jf05de ) . 
  though i suppose this is n't really inner city , it 's almost the suburbs . 
  yep . 
  i was going to say , this is mostly just a list of how much inland water each country has . 
  it 's kind of like a map of crime or gun ownership ( us specific ) which is basically just a population map . 
   in other words ; the us federal gov ' t and its states well , in a way yes . 
  any sovereignty given to a supranational organisations will look a bit like federalism but i 'd prefer to think of the eu as a quasi-federal ; federal only in certain agreed areas by the terms of a reversible treaty ( as opposed to a constitution or act of political union ) . 
  we are not one state that has various areas but instead many states that join together under a treaty to achieve certain aims . 
  it may be that a closer political union is the ultimate future for the eu but i think it is in the eu 's interests to hold off on any plans to encourage such a union given the instability of the union at the moment . 
  i honestly would not be averse to that idea but at least a generation ( 40-50 years ) needs to pass before it is seriously worked towards . 
  we need to be able to work together with no political union if we are to be stable as a federal state . 
   if the eu becomes a true federal superstate that 's not really on the table is it . 
  the majority of people do n't want that . 
  domestic policy will broadly remain with national governments but the ep should have control over purely eu matters perhaps with a veto for the council of ministers . 
  that way we have democratic control of domestic policy through national governments and democratic control of the single market through the ep . 
  mepss would never have control over taxes and public services . 
  only over thing the eu is permitted to legislate for . 
  things like laws that improve the common market and unify regulations across all the member states . 
  well i think that would be unlikely given there are 754 meps and 7 politically different voting blocks . 
  it would be hard for populist politicians from any country to dominate . 
  it would only happen if there was some sort of continent wide shift in politics which is unlikely in an of itself and would most likely result in mass pull outs of the the eu rather than a tyranny of the masses in the ep . 
  well , i mean we do have representation in the form of the eu parliament but the eu has always wanted to balance the representation of the people with the representation of the government ministers from each country in the council of ministers and the ` representation ' of the aims of the treaty in the form of the commission . 
  giving the ep more power would solve people 's problems but would be scary for ministers and the people in the eu bureaucracy in the commission because the eu would become something that could be moulded into something better or far worse . 
  it would depend entirely on whether we engage with the eu through european elections or not . 
  talk of pulling out is one thing but maintaining the single market while letting the others get on with legislation is crazy . 
  people dislike legislation favouring france 's uncompetitive farmers , they should wait until there 's no uk there to demand either a stop to it or a rebate like margaret thatcher did . 
  if we had been in a norway situation at that time we would currently be paying a lot more than we are now to the eu . 
  this statistic proves just that surely . 
  some people , conservative people , have an idealised view of the country as an independent nation that does not require co-operation and should have the freedom to do what it wants with no limits even if it damages our neighbours ; the normal nation state tussling . 
  that reality is not really viable any more when we 're co-operating on so much from military treaties to environmental and equality standards in business . 
  some people see that ideal as something we need to re-capture and other 's see it as an isolationist nightmare with none of the benefits that come from the free movement of goods , services , workers and capital . 
  he is suggesting that everyone should recognise that the latter is true and the idealised version is long dead ( and for many reasons ` good riddance ' ) . 
  and the only way to fix the bad is giving our politicians and people a vote ( or several votes ) at the ` table ' so they can vote for what they want . 
   the eu is not at all popular here woah there . 
  it 's been hovering at around 50 % for years . 
  you should wait for people to actually be confronted with the idea of voting for change , it almost never happens . 
  the number who would actually vote to change especially considering most do n't know what to think is most likely very low . 
  ukip is thriving off the group who say they 'll vote out in 2017 but in reality are just saying so to piss off what they see as the ruling hegemony . 
  they do n't actually believe it they just want some political change . 
  were it to come down to it a portion of them would vote to stay in regardless of what they say . 
  by 2017 they will have evaporated into the ether and we 'll have a strong pro-eu vote . 
  there is a majority of young people who are pro-eu anyway so when the 50-80 generation dies out we 'll join the rest of europe in the 21st century with a 60 % approval rating . 
  if a country did care about hygiene or the quality of the oil then a high consumption of olive oil in a country would also make them vote for the ban . 
  you making an assumption ( that these nations do n't care about good stuff and only care about bad stuff ) and coming to a conclusion based on that assumption with nothing concrete to support it . 
  yeah , it is a bit confusing . 
  as far as i 'm aware it is coming into force as it was voted on by each members state . 
  here 's a better article : http://www.oliveoiltimes.com/olive-oil-business/europe/europe-to-ban-refillable-olive-oil-cruets-in-restaurants/34778 also this is portugal 's experience with the same law : http://www.oliveoiltimes.com/olive-oil-business/north-america/portugal-olive-oil-cruets-in-restaurants/32217, 
  they wo n't need to be thrown away i do n't think . 
  they just need to have a cap on them that ca n't be taken off which lets oil out when you pour and closes when upright and they can just leave it on the table . 
  any product you consume is factored into the price of the food so your always paying for it in the end especially if you get bread with oils to dip it in it will be charged for in that price . 
  the better the oil they claim it is the higher the price . 
  portugal has had this law since 2006 and the commission seems to have decided it was a success and will apply it to everyone . 
  here in the uk it 's often in glass bottles which are labelled any way with the restaurant 's brand name . 
  nothing would need to change there as long as the bottle is not refillable . 
  i 've seen it more on the continent . 
  think of it like the waiter bringing a bottle of wine to show it is the wine you asked for and getting you to taste it to make sure it 's not corked . 
  its basically the same thing , your ensuring quality . 
  no-one complains about wine 's quality being enforced and no-one will complain after a few weeks of this being the law either . 
  i would be incredibly surprised if that were happening as it would n't be furthering the aim they set down for the regulation . 
  it was put in terms of ` presented at the table ' so i 'm assuming you can then have a jug at the table if you wish . 
  much better article : http://www.oliveoiltimes.com/olive-oil-business/europe/europe-to-ban-refillable-olive-oil-cruets-in-restaurants/34778, 
  http://www.oliveoiltimes.com/olive-oil-business/europe/europe-to-ban-refillable-olive-oil-cruets-in-restaurants/34778 this is the best article i found . 
  it gives the name of the committee and the voting on it etc. 
  very good . 
  and obviously once you 'll read it you can confirm that the telegraph is being very frugal with the truth . 
  it 's not a jug ban . 
  the restaurant must bring the oil in a bottle with the brand or quality visible so you know your getting the good shit . 
  if you want you can then pour it into whatever you like , a jug , a pot , a plate whatever . 
  the aim is to prevent fraud by restaurant 's bringing out oil in a jug with no proof of the quality then charging for top class extra virgin oil . 
  in fact this might help smaller high quality producers as it will prevent restaurant 's using the cheap , supermarket stuff instead of theirs . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  lurning ? 
  street smart , me . 
  i do n't need fuckin ' books , m8 . 
   wait , i 'm not allow to park my yacht here ? 
  because i 'm gay ? 
  well , this is going to count you my friends . 
  next your going to tell me i ca n't buy a 7th ferrari because i 'm gay ... woah wait what ? 
  holy shit , you guys are literally getting 10 % . 
  fuck you all . 
  we 're each the most compassionate but also the most least arrogant . 
  so does bruce willis .
