  other than that i can only guess . 
  if i understand what david cameron means by his words , if we vote to get out were all out and out totally . 
  it would be fair because more than half of people want it and that 's democracy . 
  ** edit ** : now ... you can argue that many people do n't understand what they 're voting on and most of the opposition to the eu comes from older people who have never exercised their rights , do n't value them and therefore do n't think twice before denying them to everyone else . 
  therefore , you could say , it is hugely unfair to young people and especially well informed young people whose votes are based on more accurate information ( not their opinionated newspapers ) and who will have to live with the consequences of this vote . 
  [ you do n't have to read all of this but note the graph halfway down . 
  ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2013/02/14/uk-euroscepticism/ ) euroscepticism is half in 15-24 y/o than the rest of the public and if young people , who will have to live with this decision were actually listened to then there would be no question of us staying in the eu . 
  having said all that provide the public recognises what it 's losing ( which hopefully it will by 2017 ) they will vote overwhelmingly to stay in . 
  the problem is educating people on what they are in fact losing specifically young people . 
  old people who 've never travelled outside the country wo n't be too keen to protect free movement or free work in the eu as they do n't use it but young people want that option and hopefully they will realise that and vote the right way . 
  fingers crossed . 
   if the uk decided to leave if is of course the issue . 
  business ( british , eu and non-eu ) do n't want # 1 and they have a lot of money riding on this . 
  nor do any of the major 3 parties . 
  i would put my money on us not leaving at all given that any form of leaving woould upset a group of people much larger than the group who would have happy with us leaving . 
  numerically , more people would be happy to stay in rather than have 2/3 of the above option therefore which ever option they pick i would estimate a majority would want to stay in . 
  i would assume most rights as a eu citizen will be revoked . 
  rights as a eu citizen boil down to not being treated any differently to native people . 
  you ca n't be told you are not x nationality so you ca n't work here , if you are a permanent resident you must have the same access to monetary assistance in terms of benefits and student loans etc and your familiy members have the same rights by proxy from you . 
  if we leave the eu it would seem very strange if the rules all stayed the same . 
  if your not in an eu country you surely would not be an eu citizen . 
  ukip want to be able to favour uk people so they would want everything to be revoked allowing uk people to favour uk people but the obvious side effect would be that we could be discriminated against in other countries . 
   no one expects any government to do anything it is exactly ukip 's policy to do something about it , primarily by leaving the eu . 
  there 's a whole raft more options than : either we give italy loads of money or we leave . 
  we 're not even in the eurozone and cameron refused to contribute to some of the bailout packages ( i ca n't remember the finer detail ) . 
  cameron has a right to say that the bank of england played no part in the policy that led the eurozone to this point and it will play no part in it 's recovery . 
  the real issue is whether economic policy will be central to the new treaty and will include not ez states . 
  if not there may be a treaty which ignores economics and another fiscal treaty with the ez countries . 
  this is leave the uk in the dark a bit but we can not hold up integration if it 's needed economically . 
  opting out of that process does n't automatically opt us out of every eu project ever conceived . 
  it may mean we miss out on some financial bonuses of a strong eurozone were that to materialise but if cameron is intent on giving into eurosceptics he has to accept that loss . 
  ( we will also not be involved if it crashes and burns it should be added ) . 
  you would probably be able to move though there maybe some extra paper work but probably no visa : you just would be no longer entitled to anything - no student loans , you could be refused a job because of your nationality , you could be charged extra for whole load of stuff for being non-eu ( something that is currently illegal ) . 
  pretty much any restrictions can be placed on you and what you can do though i reckon they be minimal and probably take the form of paperwork . 
  basically , you probably could move ( you could before the eu existed ) but it would n't be ` free ' . 
  it would be filled with paperwork and probably be quite frustrating . 
  you can do it if you have some time and patience on your side . 
  if you have dual citizenship with a country in the eu you 'll still be entitled to everything . 
  but the article says farage did not vote in about half of the votes . 
  nigel farage certainly is n't providing any voices of disagreement . 
  nothing he 's doing is holding back ` glorious europe ', 
  we have n't been in recession for a while but we 've been staying absolutely still instead . 
  way way too soon . 
  yeah i was about to say - surely it is meaningful if previous summers have had a negative rate . 
  it may return to negative in the winter but it will then return to positive in the summer hopefully . 
  that 's stagnation not depression and , although not amazing news , is better news and important news . 
  [ how 's his spanish ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cypvkvklfk8 ), 
  if banks say it accurately reflects the cost they need to prove it . 
  there 's no point going through this whole process if i 'm just going to bare the cost another way but equally the lower these charges can be the better . 
  they should submit a report or something soon to prove it . 
  they are n't taking the lead any more , they should have to fight for policies like everyone else rather than just holding everyone 's economy to ransom . 
  surely member states should take leadership when it concerns whether they want to remain in the eu . 
  the eu institutions ca n't make that decision for the uk government . 
  downing street for the prime minister , whitehall for the government . 
  yeah because murder is obviously the only solution that shows you care about an issue . 
  / s i heard plenty of outrage but thankfully people did n't take after yourself and start killing . 
  no-one 's saying they do n't , they just are n't supposed to . 
  there are many decent journalists plugging away and eventually the truth will come out and they will pay the consequential outrage . 
  a petition to stop it already has 10,000 signatures and thus requires an official response . 
  this has only just been announced . 
  give it a while to mobilise . 
  the isps have consistently maintained that this is barely technologically possible and will none an utter failure . 
  in the past they have refused to do anything like this . 
  the other day , in relation this . 
  cameron said it himself . 
  if the isp 's are not on board this will go down the pan . 
  if he wants to he can pass legislation to do so but he 's got an election to fight in 2015 so he 's got about 2 years to decide plan a has failed , write , introduce , debate , review and pass any legislation he envisages . 
  i doubt he 'll be able to do that . 
  your right but for many people it 's hard to tell the difference between someone who 's racist and someone who decided to insult people specifically because of their religion . 
  listen to stuff atheists say about islam and compare it to stuff many people on here say . 
  you 'll notice a big difference i think . 
  atheists will criticise the religion and it 's influence on society while people on here or in / r/worldnews criticise the people who believe it often simple because of their foreignness . 
  your right in that it 's fine for people to exercise their free speech to insult someone though it 's perhaps not the most helpful thing to do but there is a line between insults and things like inciting racial hatred or like being anti-immigration for no other reason than dislike of foreign people . 
  it 's a fine line but what annoys me is people who cross that line and are openly racist but claim they are just criticising or just encouraging a discussion . 
  it makes anyone , like you say , who has no racist motives look bad because people assume they are racist too . 
  two distinctions need to be made there . 
  first you can indeed shout insults at communists all you want but that still wo n't be criticising them . 
  you have to make an argument before it 's anything other than pure pointless insults . 
  many people here would think insults are just as legitimate as insults or claiming various evil things but it 's absolutely not . 
  the second distinction is between the type of people who believe in both sets of ideas . 
  the problem with a lot of the ` criticism ' of islam is that it 's often ( but not always ) people using the reasonable idea of criticising religion , which they are entitled to do , and using it as a way to hide the fact that they just want to get away with saying racist things . 
  people will often have more of a problem with people criticising islam because there is a large minority of people ( including marie le pen or the edl here ) who think of islam etc not in terms of religion but in national terms - marie le pen claiming seeing someone pray on the streets was the same as nazi occupation . 
  that 's at political , national , quite secular thing to say but comparing it to an occupation . 
  she 's not saying we need to work very hard to stop radicalisation like the top commenter atm is saying she 's saying their presence is itself the problem . 
  the edl equally say things like they opposed ` the islamification of europe ' and yet nothing they do is aimed at opposing islam 's influence but only at anti-immigration stuff . 
  again it 's not the subtle influence of religion they are worried about it 's the very presence of foreign people that they oppose . 
  that 's racist but they try to hide behind criticism of islam . 
  that in tern discredits anyone who wishes to criticise islam properly . 
  that 's why people get a bit more anxious about it - it 's normally a lie that even the racist ca n't see through . 
   they have a prison with a single prisoner . 
  feeding the prisoner from the prison canteen is cost ineffective , so he 's given takeaways from local restaurants everyday to eat instead . 
  this was the best thing i knew . 
  i 'm quite pleased that while there are some people who think homosexuality is not natural or moral they accept that it should be legal . 
  whether it 's legal or not is not a question that is related to morality ; it 's a political question not a religious one . 
  there was little point . 
  they asked the americans if there was any hope in hell they would get an extradition so the german government did n't bother officially requesting it saving everyone a bit of time a money . 
  though as we can see maybe they should have because these people can arrested in other countries . 
   the crowning insult was the disfigurement of a portrait of the f\u00fchrer in a station waiting room by a british prisoner who drew rude pictures over it . 
  and for drawing dicks on propaganda posters .
