  i think people are starting to recognise what we would lose if we left the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure the issue with underfunding is an issue to do specifically with ` the money it receives from parliament ' and the amount rather than how it is allowed to spend it . 
  being a law student i should probably take moment to understand this . 
  as far as i understand it the uk and netherlands ' governments paid the lost deposits of their citizens instead of the icelandic government which had not excluded it 's liability for the remuneration of those deposits and was technically therefore liable for them under the directive it had incorporated . 
  the uk was trying to recoup this money and tried to ensure it got its money by ( over-reacting and ) freezing icelandic assets . 
  iceland 's argument is that it could n't compensate because of the financial crisis and that the directive does not actually impose an obligation on the state but simply that money must be available and iceland contends it can come from the bank instead of the state . 
  they say that this was the only realistic option because of ` huge costs for the state , moral hazard on the part of the banks , and a linkage between the liabilities of the banks and the financial exposure of the state ' . 
  the judges effectively say that iceland was free to do with the directive what it willed provided the money to refund depositors was available from somewhere and that as preamble 24 of the directive says , the ` directive may not result in the member states ' or their competent authorities being made liable in respect of depositors if they have ensured that one or more schemes guaranteeing deposits or credit institutions ... have been introduced and officially recognized ' . 
  iceland did that by making the bank pay people back so it 's not liable . 
  seems like the right decision and its certainly a yoke off iceland 's back but i would n't agree with those in / r/worldnews and say the money the uk sought was not * prima facie * legally available to them . 
  the argument in the case was merely whether iceland breached the directive which they did not . 
  the moral argument is merely who should bare the risk of not being paid back by landsbanki 's estate , iceland or the uk . 
  i 'm not sure there is a clear cut answer there and besides it was n't really addressed in the case . 
  to take the test you have to have lived in the uk for 5 years so i guess you would know all the mundane stuff . 
  public opinion in the uk has [ rarely fallen below 50 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage_in_the_united_kingdom#public_opinion ) reaching a high of between 70 and 80 % unlike what the map implies so i think your probably right . 
  upvote for some serious effort . 
  thank you labla ... la. ... . . thank you sir/madame ( but probably sir ) !, 
  frustration at the uk ( government ) wanting to get the benefits but not the obligations of europe probably . 
  if a french or german company can offer your energy at half the price of a local company that would be a good thing , no ? 
  even their presence would encourage the local company to lower it 's prices anyway . 
  competition in the our energy market is laughable ? 
  you can argue whether the fine is justifiable but the aim is not laughable . 
  i think your right and i hope the uk public can see that if we do end up having a referendum . 
  actually i 've found most people in / r/unitedkingdom to be broadly pro-eu . 
   the uk is actually saying it will continue to be a net contributor , will continue contributing in european projects and defence . 
  it is saying it will get out of the way of federalism and deeper political integration for those members that need it . 
  it is also saying that over regulation , commitment to wasteful and detrimental programmes for member states who they do n't represent , is killing competition within the eu , which is why countries in the eu are finding themselves forced to request bailouts i do n't think that 's really the eurosceptic argument . 
  that 's closer to david cameron 's argument and a more realistic one if were predicting the future here . 
  nigel farage and the eurosceptics on / r/europe however do not say :  the debate currently is n't in or out , nor should it be allowed to be framed as such instead they are saying the exact opposition , that it should be framed in such a way and they are of the opinion that we should be out . 
  your argument is one that is much more reasonable and one i think could be worked out at an eu level with other leaders . 
  unfortunately however it not the argument behind the surge of support for ukip and it 's not the argument i 'm worried about . 
  that 's what happens when you have a public that do n't take any real interest in politics , are intimidated by the fact that the eu is a foreign institution and combine it with a very opinionated ( normally right leaning ) press . 
  brighton gets my vote . 
  gay pride is fun ; they have dick shaped lollipops ... also the brighton centre is a popular place for live music and there 's a beach ... a shit beach , but a beach nonetheless . 
  amsterdam is completely flat though whereas sf is basically on the side of a mountain . 
  that would be one big difference . 
  i still amazes me that people can say we should leave the eu and not be involved while in the same breath start getting angry about how the eu does not represent what we want . 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't have both . 
  if you keep pushing for a looser relationship or actually to leave the eu you have to expect to lose control over what happens . 
  you can either commit to the eu and have it become something that represents what you want to get out of it or you can push the pm into representing a position he does n't agree with to keep his political party together and in the process destroy any influence he had in the eu in the first place . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  if you push the uk towards the exit door you will lose influence and the eu will turn into something you do n't like . 
  you ca n't then turn round and complain about the eu changing beyond what we signed up to because that was all your doing . 
  on a side-note : in a hypothetical united states of europe ( which is a terrible name by the way , we need to refer to it by a more catchy title ) is anyone seriously suggesting a ` merging of national identities ' . 
  sounds like a strawman to me . 
   europeans have way to much history behind us to just let it merge together like they could over there this is quite right . 
  i feel like we need to develop a european public sphere where we have continental debates about european issues rather than having our individual national spheres of conversation before we can integrate further . 
  until someone from one country can feel like they can understand and respond to the zeitgeist in another member state we can never really have a conversation and therefore we can not work out our problems together . 
  if the commission were to encourage the further europe-wide circulation of physical newspapers in native languages i think this would really help a lot . 
  if a german journalist can write an opinion in die welt and someone can respond in le monde and you can read a commentary on both in the guardian or the times in london then we can all be challenged by other opinions and can respond accordingly . 
  we become aware of criticisms and praise from other nations to try and reach a consensus on how we do things . 
   utterly incomprehensible . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  politicians spreading lies and misinformation to achieve their political aims is a game as old as time . 
  i was wondering about this . 
  there has been a significant push back to the anti-eu stuff over last summer and autumn and i think it just shows how little people actually know about the eu that they can be swayed by other people 's opinions like they have back and forth over the last year . 
  yeah but to be fair you ca n't have that for everyone . 
  it would be the first thing on every list . 
   we 'd have no way of knowing . 
  so we probably should n't speculate and sound like conspiracy nutcases , how 's that ? 
  it really annoys me when people say that though . 
  fine , make arguments for or against the monarchy but do n't pretend you can pick and chose your king . 
  if your in favour of keeping the monarch you must accept you have no choice ; if you did it would n't really be a monarchy . 
  of you argue against it you have to also accept the loss of national identity and historical value that goes along with it . 
  both sides have good points but you have to chose one side ( or a realistic alternative of which this is not ) or your not really contributing . 
  people who say charles should abdicate give me the sense of people who are against the monarchy but do n't want to give up the cultural value of it ... which is fine as long as your honest about that . 
  nope , democracy is a system of government whereby the citizens chose the government by a popular vote . 
  monarchy and democracy are not mutually exclusive . 
  true universal equality and monarchy are indeed mutually exclusive but that 's not democracy . 
  eh , your king once told hugo chavez to ` shut up ' to his face so he gets thumbs up for comedy value there for me . 
  i really do n't care . 
  it 's been legally decided that the queen can not expand her power and as the years go by more and more power transfers to government or is abolished . 
  eventually monarchy will just fade away but until then it really does n't effect me even economically . 
  we make a monetary gain purely from the queen 's land ownership , land that would otherwise be in the hands of private investors but is currently paying for the queen 's allowance several times over and plus it 's a chance every now and again to have a party . 
  yes it is a relic from a bygone age but so is the us constitution and libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 but you sound like you 'd love those sentiments . 
  age is not your real concern , it 's the content but unfortunately you take more offence to the content than i do . 
  i do n't respect the royals more because of who they were born to , i owe them no duty of respect other than common decency and i will openly criticise them as much as i want to and for that reason they are no different to any other public figure so why would i want to do anything about that ; what is broken there ? 
  rather than uprooting a historic and working constitution in the name of a hypothetical value system with no practical benefits maybe it would be wiser to protect said working constitution . 
  oh the sweet irony of threatening violent retribution straight after calling ban ki-moon a terrorist . 
  i mean ... you 'd think they would see it but you know they never will . 
  still amusing for the rest of us . 
  i guess that 's just because it 's in english . 
  or because in england we do n't have a lot of imagination when naming things . 
  a street with a church on ? 
  church street . 
  lane in town ` x ' by a park ? 
  x park lane . 
  etc etc. 
  i guess if you translate it we all name things after what is actually there . 
  if you can think something can be done about the history the uk has then please tell me . 
  is there anyone we can prosecute for the colonisation of ireland in the 1500s ? 
  can we turn back time ? 
  because if not then its not relevant to justify any modern actions and you are adding nothing to this thread and i can downvote your comment . 
   the real problem with the single currency : the inability of nations with high and rising production costs to adjust their currencies so that their products remain competitive in world markets . 
  can someone explain how this is done ? 
  how can you adjust your currency to compete ? 
  ( i 'm not an economist ), 
  yeah it was . 
  it really unfortunate for me given i agree with most of what they had in their manifesto . 
  green energy and taxation on big poluters , pro-eu , cutting taxes on lower incomes paying for it by taxing capital gains at the same rates as income , investing in the nhs and changing the rigidity of the national curriculum blah blah blah and now i 'm left in the position where i have to chose whether to vote for them because they still say the things i agree with or not vote for them because as they have demonstrated they might collaborate on policies antithetical to their own when in a coalition government .
