  i 've never really understood what people see as a positive after leaving the eu . 
  it 's often stated that we can be part of the efta etc and keep many of the freedoms we have currently but if the best argument for anti-eu people is that little will change what exactly are they arguing for ? 
  is it purely about not wanting non-brits making uk laws or is it about money because both those arguments seem very weak to me ? 
  so hypocritical . 
  the unionists happily march through catholic districts on 12 of july then get violent when the catholics do the same to them . 
  that place needs to be disowned . 
  the british state should make it clear it will not support anyone who commits sectarian violence . 
  somewhere in the mountains . 
  i ca n't do hot weather so the med is further down my list . 
  a chalet in the alps would be good . 
  i 'd ski everyday until i 'm 90 . 
  it 's a net receiver probably in part because there are several institutions there . 
  i was quietly pleased when the bbc reported that the us claimed snowdon was not a whistleblower and should not be given the same rights and then continued to refer to snowdon as a whistleblower not a leaker . 
  yep . 
  there have been plenty of experimental reactors in the past but none of this size . 
  no breakthrough really , just the same on a bigger scale . 
  i 'm generally quite positive about this . 
  if it tastes good and i can make a rare steak from it i 'll eat it all day knowing i 'll be doing the planet no harm . 
  if your a vegetarian would you eat this ? 
  libel laws changed tis year so hopefully we will see some dividends from that . 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  it said that we should adopt a ore nuanced and less hostile approach to immigration to prevent scaring of leal immigrants and future business . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  the article is not suggesting illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay - even myself , a classic left leaning , pro-eu ` libtard ' as i believe i would be referred to by the daily mail 's readership thinks that is both wrong and unacceptable . 
  the point of the article , i believe , is that such hostility is not limited to illegal immigrants . 
  the aim to reduce immigration could be legitimate if done with some tact and intelligence . 
  instead they seem to to be trying to scare people away with threats of arrest , harsh burdens on legal immigrants from poor ` high risk ' nations or simply trying to make the entire country look unattractive . 
  telling the streets of london to go home or face arrest is quite a hostile attitude that is intimidating and aggressive to legal immigrants and merely expected by illegal immigrants . 
  nothing is gained and much is lost . 
  having people like nigel farage claiming the signs in london are bad not because they are insensitive or needlessly aggressive but because in his own words they are still ` flooding in at dover ' does to help either . 
  crowds in general have very little intelligence and the tories are currently trying to appeal to a white , middle class , naive and very politically active variety ... thus ... we have their immigration policy . 
  they changed nothing ... obviously because it was sport not politics but it defined how we wanted the world to see us . 
  most people are concerned with thief own national problems but for a few weeks we got to have everyone look at us and much like how one dresses for a big speech or performance is important , how we looked via the olympics was very important to our international reputation . 
  this person probably commented on that because that 's what they took away from the games not because they 're trying to brain wash you into patriotism or something . 
  most of the economic problems you mention arose recently , were exacerbated by a lack of co-operation not by too much and have coincided with the shift of wealth from west to east . 
  a decrease in profitability world wide should be expected - the us has similarly decreased . 
  secondly , being in favour of the eu or european co-operation is not the same as being a federalist . 
  if federalism happens it will not happen or should it happen for at least 50 years . 
  i 'm not hugely in favour ( though most of the perceived downsides are either economic and thus would disappear in a federal system or focus on some sort of loss of state identity which any look a the us would prove incorrect ) . 
  if a non-federal international common market in work and trade can be formed that is all i could want . 
  a common market required some unification of regulation which necessarily will come from above though the eu often uses directives allowing eu states to draft the legislation themselves thus reducing unnecessary bureaucracy . 
  more of that would be good . 
  waste and inefficiency are not fatal flaws but ones to be solves . 
  it 's not worth in my eyes throwing away my ability to live and work in another country for these minor reasons especially if my own country decides to do something stupid like spy on all my digital communications and censor the internet ... y' know ... crazy stuff . 
  i do n't understand why you do n't think it has any democratic legitimacy ? 
  every person in europe has both a vote and a representative in the ep . 
  no doubt the influence of the commission and it 's ambitious expansionism is a bit worrying and this is one area where the eu can overstep it 's boundaries . 
  i find it unsettling the the commission is so keen to keep including country after country into the eu . 
  this pushes up the cost of the eu adds to people 's concerns about east to west migration and about economic stability . 
  however again this should be solved within the eu . 
  i do n't want to lose my own rights because of a solvable problem . 
  the ep should have more power and the people should be ale to dictate europe 's direction not the commissioners nor selfish national politicians . 
  the eu currently costs about half a percent of our budget ( 3.8 billion from 668 billion public spending ) and for that i have the entirety of europe to make my life and to travel in and ( were i a business owner ) to trade with/in . 
  i really do think it is value for money . 
  being part of our multicultural group makes me feel solidarity with people who for centuries my ancestors hated viciously . 
  i really like the fact that we can trust each other , that we can benefit each other and create something bigger and better than we started . 
  i 'm aware that from a libertarian viewpoint bigger and better are oxymorons but by bigger i do n't necessarily mean more centralised or more expensive . 
  there are changes we can make to the eu to make it into an organisation that effectively acts as a way to improve our national experiences not to worsen it or replace it . 
  we can improve standards so that when i buy electronics or food from croatia or spain and i see that ce sign , i know it will be as good as anything bought at home . 
  we can improve living and working conditions both of which remain a problem at the bottom of even the richest societies . 
  we can improve transport and infrastructure ; we already lead the way in internet infrastructure ( except parts of asia ) and the eu 's focus on improving our infrastructure is part of encouraging that . 
  now the uk may well have done that anyway but many other countries would never have been able to and in just the same way i want to see parts of my own country i do n't even live in improved so i want to see other places in europe flourish and for europe to be a better place on the whole for it . 
  putting the political power in the hands of the people is essential to making the eu more democratic and is something i hope to see soon . 
  in other words i see many benefits to co-operation through the eu and the downsides are mostly minor problems which are either temporary or simply solved if we even for a moment put some effort into solving them . 
  that 's the long and short of it . 
  a major party , sinn fein , is associated with the ira . 
  as far as i was aware the ira used republican ireland as a base from which to launch operations against ni which would have been impossible if not for some support , maybe not officially , from the general population . 
  the ira enjoyed pretty widespread support for a long time . 
  association with the ira has n't dented sinn fein 's popularity either . 
  they never faced any disdain from republican ireland - when a bunch of ira members escaped from the maze prison the received shelter on the north via republican houses and the documentary i watched told by the men themselves ends when the cross the border because they knew they were safe in ireland . 
  as far as i was aware the ira was not disliked in ireland and liked a hell of a lot by others . 
  you could write novels and novels about the atrocities we have caused and people have . 
  if there was an award for worst nation on earth the british empire would be way up there going for gold . 
  i think a lot of british people would include the ira 's terror campaigns . 
  no doubt equal or more suffering was heaped on the irish in the late 20th century but just because one side seems to have better principles or understandable reasons does not make their individual actions right . 
  are curtis lemay said if the us had lost the pacific theatre in the second world war he fully expected to be tried as a war criminal . 
  if you commit war crimes against civilians or acts of terror against civilians do your motive matter and would they/could they absolve you of the crime ? 
  i do n't know to be honest . 
  in most circumstances you can trust the org and this is one time you can get burnt by listening to them too intently . 
  it 's kind of disappointing to see them scaremongering but 90 % of the time you 'd have been right to trust them . 
  i guess whenever people care about an issue the truth seems like an obstacle to getting the right solution but that does n't help the discussion . 
  org can use the many legitimate reasons why this is a terrible idea instead and there are many , it does n't need to scare people . 
  sorry to burst your bubble guys but this has been posted twice on r/unitedkingdom and it 's utter bullshit . 
  the org said that other similar filters block that stuff too and so they assumed an reported that the government may also block that stuff . 
  it is a speculation and nothing more and their trying to scare people with lies . 
  do n't get me wrong i love the bad press but i hate it when people make shit up about the eu or any important political topic and i 'm not going to be hypocritical and encourage it now . 
  this is a guess and not even an educated one . 
  it means nothing , nothing has been announced . 
  it will be interesting because it is totally in the government 's interests that people are educated on this issue . 
  with business money and political will it will be interesting to see what they can do to persuade the public . 
  i would be exited if i was n't so scared that my future on the european continent is being decided by a bunch of pensioners . 
  my reaction to government intrusion is to not run from the government . 
  that 's just giving in . 
  yeah , to an extent your right , it 's a shit set of circumstances . 
  ( [ perhaps ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ) ) . 
  eu citizenship comes from your country being part of the eu and as such it 's different to normal citizenship . 
  if anyone else knows better than they are free to correct me asap . 
  that would put leaving the eu off by a generation though and neither side want that . 
  ukip does n't as they want us to leave immediately , the eu does n't want to provide the same rights while we pay nothing to maintain the system . 
  there may be some residual rights like if you were already excising the right to live and work in another country you would be allowed to continue to do so unhassled but if you stopped exercising that right you would n't be allowed to return on the same terms .
