  the rebels are not the only one 's who will be voting in the election . 
  the entire population of syria will . 
  yes the people with weapons fighting may be extremists but the people who ran away to turkey and jordan outnumber them and they will all get a vote . 
  now having said all that i am speculating - i have no insider information but i genuinely think radical islam is less of a problem in syria than other places . 
  maybe i have too much faith in democracy but we 'll see . 
  your talking about all shia not alawites . 
   they need to kill all shias well , they are engaged in a bitter war against a shia government . 
  i 'm not surprised they said that . 
  what it does not mean however is that once they have achieved their goal they will then do exactly what they fought against . 
  nor does it mean they will be given the opportunity to do so after the west has taken control of the country . 
  assad and a few allies are the only one 's . 
  the people who are saying they want to kill shias are a minority of a minority . 
  they syrian people can then vote for who they want to be led by , probably a sunni leader but not the rebels who want to kill shias . 
  the west is not going to hand power over to religious extremist if it can help for it 's own safety . 
  it will insist on a fair election which , i 'm fairly confident will not elect sunni extremists . 
  there exists some strong secular forces in the country like in tunisia and egypt and also 10 % of the country are christian . 
  syria is a much more modern and non-fundamentalist country than afghanistan where the people can not seem to unite against religious fascism because by and large they are a mono-culture in terms of ethnicity and religion . 
  syria is not that . 
  if gassing your own people make the west uncomfortable with that government than fine , i agree . 
  humanitarianism is not letting governments do whatever they like to their people - it does n't exist to protect governments but humans . 
  given russia 's support for syria and the money that china is giving it the un is useless in this conflict . 
  syria is a net importer of oil and has very few lucrative natural resources . 
  you may be sceptical of humanitarian aims but what else could the us or uk want ? 
  no were not . 
  we would be stopping assad from killing his own people . 
  the syrians will be able to vote this guy into power but he represents an much more benign threat than assad and after egypt the syrian people no doubt know that the muslim brotherhood and extreme islam is dangerous . 
  the area , west gouta , where the attack was [ is a rebel-held area ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/08/20138265474569958.html ) . 
  the council of europe is not the eu . 
  they are unrelated though the conservative party has the same negative attitude to it . 
  [ surely the spaniards are the one 's with cold soups . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gazpacho ) i hate cold soup . 
  naturally the guardian did first but the others merely re-reported the guardian 's story ( which is standard practice of course ) but i 'm not going to judge the bbc harshly because they failed to re-report a story fast enough . 
  they ca n't report on the nsa stuff if they do n't have the information . 
  they can only piggy back onto the guardian which they did . 
  the bbc 's coverage has been fine . 
  well i was having fun there . 
  [ this was how i was hoping it was going to go . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/r3bo6gp9nmy ), 
  good plan ... soooo whose going to fake a uk passport for messi then ? 
  i 'll try and find where we buried the rule book for this game back in 1966 . 
  some of us want to . 
  in fact a majority of young people do . 
  unfortunately old people still exist . 
  right . 
  the title is flat out wrong . 
  the echr has decided to rule on the case at some point in the next 2 years . 
  when they rule they could quite easily allow him to be extradited . 
  last i heard france was about into oblivion and it would drag the eurozone down with it . 
  now i may be saying things we already know but one of these news stories is exaggerated . 
  thanks for correcting my mistake . 
  are gibraultans eucu via their uk citizenship ? 
  if not i must be mistaken . 
  free movement of goods and people is a separate issue than border security and schengen . 
  eu citizens are free to move to any country and work with no work permit . 
  that 's free movement of people ( or technically workers ) . 
  whether those people had their passports checked at the airport or not is unrelated . 
  ah the old game !, 
  perhaps understandably , this is the only context in which i have seen this and it has actually been relevant . 
  yes , before the spanish american war , i 'm not aware of the dates as it is just mentioned in passing and i could n't find anything concrete online myself . 
  dan 's podcasts are very well researched so i trust that he has a source which he could cite but i do n't have it myself . 
  his podcast is [ here and on itunes if your interested ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com//disp.php/hharchive/show-49---the-american-peril/%20spanish-american-philippine-insurrection ) . 
  cuba is the biggest island in the caribbean and as such dominates the area . 
  as you can see from the later cuban missile crisis that a hostile power in cuba would have bee a serious security concern for the us . 
  the us at this time was still a regional north american power despite the rhetoric of james monroe and throughout the 1800s was still weak relative to the imperial powers in europe and russia . 
  if spain had sold cuba to britain it was not entirely out of the range of possibility that britain , which was by no means slowing in it 's imperial wars , would try a re-invasion of the new republic . 
  spain at the time had lost all of it 's south american colonies and held onto only cuba and puerto rico . 
  in fact if you know your spanish american war history you might remember the [ battle of manila bay ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_manila_bay ) and just how woefully unprepared the spanish navy was for roosevelt 's ships . 
  it was a very weak power and the us felt no threat from spain but would have felt a much greater threat from britain , france or the ottoman empire only a few miles from it 's shore . 
  as such it wanted reassurance from spain that it would not put the us as risk like that and it would get first dibs on cuba . 
  aside from security , dan hits on the point that while the us was a regional power it was getting richer and more powerful and there was a faction in congress ( of which theodore roosevelt was a part ) that wished desperately to put the us on the world stage preferably in a military way . 
  these people saw war in a very nationalistic sense as a way to revive national spirit and often in a racist , cultural superiority sense . 
  the easiest , most profitable way to do this and the way most popular with public towards 1898 was for a ` splendid little war ' against a weak , rich and preferably evil looking opponent . 
  cuba was rich with sugar plantations and pineapple plantations many of which already had us backing or was tied up convolutely with american money . 
  add to this the cuban-american sector of the southern states who wanted freedom for their brothers and sister in their home land and pushed for this policy via trade unions and you have a us congress that can kill about 4 birds with a single stone by controlling cuba . 
  it was n't about to start a war right out ( but it would take advantage of the humanitarian crisis and the explosion of the uss maine in 1898 to start that war ) but it was keen to use diplomatic measures to wrap cuba up in the american sphere of influence . 
  / ramble  i can recommend the podcast highly , it covers most of what i said . 
  it sounds to me like a no transfer or no assignment clause . 
  you see them fairly often in leases for house often alongside no subletting clauses but as far as i know they exist on an international scale as well . 
  dan carlin 's last hardcore history podcast was about the spanish american war and the time previous and he mentions that the us had such a clause over cuba . 
  it stated that if spain sold or relinquished control of cuba they should first offer it to the us - the us wanted it because of its sugar wealth but also because of it 's national security importance in it 's proximity . 
  this sounds like the same sort of deal . 
  if britain decides to ` grant , sell or by any means to alienate ' gibraltar then spain should , quite rightly , have first dibs . 
  until then it remains british territory . 
  also as / u/ed _ points out if gibraltar declared independent this wold sort of screw the whole thing just like it did when the cuban 's revolted against spanish rule . 
  the us invaded in that case though to secure it 's colony against the wishes of it 's people - with un rules around i struggle to see how gibraltar could be coerced . 
  there are signs all over london saying this . 
  i 'd be surprised if the italian ambassador does not give the same advice wrt london . 
  if he does not he should probably start asap . 
  cities are dangerous places and people un familiar with them should be careful . 
  we complain about food ? 
  one of the man reason i enjoy traveling is the food . 
  i 'd encourage him to walk around rome with his wallet sticking out of his pocket and see if he 's willing to put his money where his mouth is literally . 
  you make a good point and i think i would agree . 
  there are some problems with democracy partly because of turnout at eu elections but also concerning the commission and it 's influence and aims and that all has a knock on effect to erode the mandate . 
  however i would probably diverge from anti-eu people and say that those problems including those regarding migration and inefficiency can be solved best within the eu and by meps who know the system better . 
  i 'd rather find a way of preserving the system while making it better and more democratic rather than abandoning the project . 
  i 'm definitely pro-eu but i 'm willing to change my mind if it can be shown i am misguided - i do n't believe i am . 
  in that regard i feel like i would fit the term euroskeptic better than most ` euroskeptics ' . 
  on a related tangent , i do n't like the term euroskeptic because it implies they are unsure about the eu or they are withholding judgement in light of a lack of evidence willing to conclude an opinion on the evidence later provided . 
  that 's a very reasonable opinion but most self-professing ` euroskeptics ' are quite sure that the eu should be abandoned - they are not skeptical or questioning but instead are quite certain of the answer to the questions .
