  i 'll take it . 
  your right but that 's does n't make me wrong . 
  both sides need to come to a compromise . 
  palestine needs to drop it 's preconditions and israel needs to stop building . 
  both are guilty but the settlements are just as unhelpful as the problems you point out . 
  just because they are disputed does n't mean you can build on it like it 's yours . 
  if israel had any intention of stopping the violence on it 's borders it would stop the building and negotiate new , solid borders . 
  it does n't so it wo n't . 
  you can build in the desert if it 's your desert but not if it 's someone else 's . 
  why do the normal rules of national borders just not apply in israel 's case ? 
  co-op 's supermarkets in the uk already ban produce from the settlements . 
  i was kind of hoping the other 's would follow suit but no luck yet i do n't think . 
   what is legal , and what is not is kind of a vague topic . 
  not really . 
  the international community considers the settlements to be illegal ( apart from the us possibly ) , the un has reiterated this position over and over again . 
  the position of the uk government is the same : [ ` this settlement building programme is illegal under international law ... ' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/foreign-secretary-condemns-decision-to-accelerate-israeli-settlements ), 
  you have to have a licence to have alcohol in your house . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/14jy4l/why_is_there_so_little_coverage_of_the_belfast/ ) people seemed to conclude he was troll but the post he made was not exactly anger inducing so there would have been no pay off for him so i assumed he was not a troll . 
  is n't there a rule on the bbc that the first time they mention the town it 's londonderry and derry every time after that so as to be diplomatic . 
  i have a feeling it probably just pisses everyone off though , not that that 's the beeb 's fault . 
  and they came to / r/unitedkingdom and when everyone told them no-one cared about such concerns as flag waving schedules they started declaring we were betraying our country etc. 
  it 's annoying even for those they want to be united with . 
  ah ok . none of that is obvious simply by gibraltar as your tag . 
  thus the un-ending flood of immigrant you fear will be nowhere near you . 
  i direct you my earlier comment to leave it to people who are affected . 
  your tag says gibraltar . 
  your on the edge of spain insulting people on behalf of other people living 1000 miles away from you . 
  i 'd leave it to people who are actually affected by your assertions to debate them . 
  he says from his spanish villa . 
  next thing you know we 'll be executing people in nuneaton and having a big gunshow in the cotswolds . 
  what fun !, 
  do you want to be the first to sweep their house for government bugs or shall i ? 
  all northern europe is boiling . 
  makes a change i suppose . 
  i got lichtenstein but it did n't register . 
  forgot moldova though and confused macedonia and montenegro . 
  there is definitely a computer to help it fly but that must be onboard the plane . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's the same thing but the planes are flown by a computer which does the micro adjustments every millisecond needed to keep it flying . 
  i assume however that this computer is probably on board . 
  of these keys are entered on the ground they are probably unrelated . 
  these keys may be needed to authorise each flight or something but that seems hugely impractical for an emergency . 
  they do n't fly without them . 
  they are too unstable in the air and the computer is necessary to keep it stable . 
  the instability adds manoeuvrability though . 
  i would love to be this optimistic but is it not worth 20 years of consolidation and integration allowing the benefits of membership to show through while letting the older generation leave the scene and a younger generation more au fait with the eu take the reigns ? 
  in the uk many people remember a time when the uk was not in the eu and membership was controversial . 
  they have never really warmed to the eu like young people have and they are the engine behind recent disquiet here . 
  i 'm worried that such fast expansion into places that may be a lot of trouble in terms of russia , human rights , corruption etc etc might cause contributor countries to go sour on the idea and if that happens the eu could face a grave future . 
  i 'm asking not because i disagree with you necessarily but i suppose because i want to be persuaded . 
  conservatives do n't seem to see any value in a end to war and unity on the european continent and i do n't really know why . 
  the only thing keeping some , like cameron from abandoning the project entirely is profit for british companies . 
  having said that i 'm wary about criticising cameron because i genuine , y think he barely has control over his own mps in the cabinet let alone the whole coalition or his backbenchers . 
  the style of party he represents makes broad common sense but most people in his party do n't make any sense and he 's lest towing their line . 
  i do n't think he has many allies at all not just on the eu but on anything . 
  as a brit i do n't know how to feel . 
  oh no davis , you do n't get to pick and choose when you think the eu might be a good idea and when not . 
  practice what you preach and make the case to us that we would be better off ` independent ' you two faced prick . 
  well said . 
   that 's typical for eastern politicians . 
  defend the stupid majority who vote , blame the foreigners on all bad things . 
  this is fairly common tbh . 
  over here foreigners are basically the catch al , scape goat too . 
  economic problems ? 
  blame immigrants claiming benefits . 
  problems with the health service ? 
  blame immigrant health tourism . 
  terrorism ? 
  blame immigration . 
  norwegians . 
  is n't all this natural resources money just paying for your pensions through some sort of social fund ? 
  why did n't we do that ? 
  i agree . 
  the eu should work best to be a counter weight to the us . 
  i think it 's clear that that scenario is the only way european countries can have a broadly equal say to one another and therefore the best way we can control our part of the world in the way we want . 
  cameron and other conservatives argue halfheartedly in favour of the eu because it benefits us economically because there 's a larger and liberals argue more strongly in favour of the eu because they like it 's approach to human rights while also liking the freedoms of movement . 
  conservatives however seem to dislike the idea that the uk could be bound to do something that they would be free to do we 're they not part of the eu so they prefer a scenario where we rid on america 's influence while having total control of our domestic law . 
  is sad that they do n't value the benefits of freedom of movement or the value of human rights but as long as they hold sway in politics they will continue to undermine the eu . 
  hopefully after 2015 hopefully they will be out of government , the eurozone will be sorting itself out and the threat of terrorism will be less . 
  only then will the government be more open to the eu . 
  in a generation 's time however young people , who are more in favour of the eu will be the majority and the problem should be less serious . 
  approval for the eu has hovered around the 50 % mark for years in the uk . 
  your lumping a huge number of people together there . 
  i think you forgetting the scale . 
  gchq were not spying on the eu alone . 
  they were spying on us people , uk people , other eu people and anyone else who used those cables which surely would include anyone using servers in europe or the us meaning a huge number of people outside of the west . 
  this was n't targeted at anyone , it was mass surveillance . 
  they were not worried about any one issue they just felt it would be easier to soy on everything and hope it would help . 
  the problem is not that they did not respect the privacy of european people uk included but , to an extent , it was the opposite . 
  national boarders meant nothing , national laws meant nothing . 
  it 's not that they harmed the rights of a foreign countries citizens , it 's that it barely even occurred to them that they even were foreign citizens under a different rule of law . 
  they treated everyone the same , like criminals . 
  everyone should be equally angry . 
  this seems like the best way to react even for the governments involved . 
  i was surprised obama tried to defend the nsa because the only way i could see him saving it was doing a huge u-turn and promising policy change and delivering . 
  if they can get an answer out of cameron i hope he does that but i 'm not holding out hope , for an answer or a u-turn . 
  it 's so frustrating knowing that as individuals you can support human rights and civil liberties but your pissing in the wind when your government could n't give 2 shits about your rights as a human being . 
  fuck everything about this . 
  so disappointing . 
  i was honestly a little surprised they did n't know about prism and hopefully that means people are genuinely pissed off .
