  combine that with the eurozone crisis , the constant european negotiations , the rise of ukip ( an anti-european , anti-immigration party ) and a press that openly supports leaving the eu and criticised echr judgements as well you end up with a public who are being fed nothing but bad news about the eu and echr . 
  the conservatives and david cameron have been trying to lean further right to stop people leaving their party and so he has started saying more anti-eu , anti-echr , anti-immigrant things so as not to split the right wing vote . 
  his was the only credible right-wing party for 100 years and now there is a new one it threatens to split the vote giving the left a helping hand . 
  now you have the prime minister being more anti-eu his party members with more extreme views start speaking up and threatening to leave the party if he does n't agree to their ideas . 
  then after the queen 's speech ( where the government announces what it will do in the next year ) some conservatives rebels published an [ alternative queen 's speech ] ( http://www.conservativehome.com//thetorydiary/2013/06/the-alternative-queens-speech-the-full-list-of-40-rebel-bills.html ) effectively saying what they wished the government would do . 
  they involve bringing back the death penalty , leaving the eu , [ a similar 3 strikes system as us criminal law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_strikes_law ) , basically de-fund the bbc , stop funding for green/environmental projects , disallow immigrants from using public services and withdrawal from the echr among others - there are 40 points . 
  while none of these will get enacted it put pressure on cameron to move further right to appease them . 
  for a while now politics has been very extreme and seemingly many many people have a lot to gain from spreading scary statistics and persuading everyone that everything is terrible . 
  the opposition is weak and the government is divided between the ` frontbench ' politicians who run departments in government and the rest of the party . 
  the means that the only people who do n't have any interest in making everything seem terrible is the pm and his most important ministers . 
  everyone else can benefit hugely from making everyone scared and negative and the frontbench politicians are not trusted so no-one believes them when they say it 's all fine . 
  thus people have been taken in by the negative zeitgeist and are more willing to vote for extreme things . 
  the olympics was a small positive blip but the fact that we were still in recession at that point put a big dampener on that . 
  from people who like the idea of government being limited in some way . 
  it 's incredibly tedious if people actually want their government to have rules about what it can and ca n't do but luckily our courageous home secretary want those rules to be more flexible . 
  what she means by that is that if the government simply wants to suspend your human rights because your being annoying then they can . 
  / s if you could n't tell, 
   those of us who are not idiots your holding politicians ( who have an election coming up ) to a high standard there . 
  this statement was phrased in terms of an election promise . 
  he 's using the whole issue to win voters over . 
  the more crazy and scary and angry people get the more likely they are to vote for the guy that says i 'll sort it out . 
  as is so often the case , most of the country , and particularly the one 's who get crazy and scared and angry , know very little about any of the issues raised . 
  they vote based on what they think they know and what their chosen newspaper tells them . 
  your going over basically every thought that runs through my head every time i hear these headlines but the message never gets to the public because there 's no-one really arguing for the echr or making those points . 
  were part of the countries that wrote the convention . 
  we formed the court along with other members and we send judges alongside other countries to participate . 
  it 's not forced on us by others we agree to be bound alongside others . 
  the involvement of other nations is broadly irrelevant to our interaction with the convention . 
  for all it matters it may as well be a national law . 
  it is within the uk 's rights to withdraw from the treaty but it 's equally within it 's rights to turn into north korea . 
  just because it 's possible does n't mean it 's a good idea of that you ca n't criticise it . 
  this is great . 
  i just hope they do n't start killing people in more painful ways . 
  that maps a bit off is n't it ? 
  the centre of gmt should go straight through london . 
  hoping to join them by the end of this year . 
  peroni gran reserva was quite nice . 
  had it only once but i liked it . 
  [ x-post from / r/unitedkingdom ], 
  wait so a bunch of idiot get together 10 euros , hire a football pitch for an hour , take pictures with a controversial flag and this is news ? 
  no-one is spectating , they do n't even seem to be raising money and there 's like ... 20 of them ... max . 
  this is so inconsequential that i can barely even put into words how little it matters . 
  probably violent crime . 
  but these rich russians are not that . 
  they are rich powerful people who are more likely to be the target of intimidation . 
  not to mention i said ` gangster-led ' - putin is basically a gangster and the perpetrators of violent crime in london are not leaders of the country . 
  also not to mention the fact that violent crime is a much much bigger problem in russia . 
  russia 's intentional homicide rate per 100,000 people was 10.2 in 2010 whereas it was 1.2 in the uk . 
  this is a mobile provider most of which already block most adult content . 
  that was never really the issue . 
  it 's not isp level blocking which is what cameron was going on about . 
  the two things are unrelated . 
  if the prime minister personally and physically intimated political opposition and murdered his critics with polonium 212 then yes i would have no leg to stand on . 
  yeah because this guy is the prime minister . 
  / s i hope you can how irrelevant that is . 
  right . 
  well done them . 
  but there 's a reason they prefer london to the gangster-led insanity of moscow . 
  maybe you should talk to your wealthiest people , russia . 
  they all live in london and buy our football clubs . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the us and uk operations were different . 
  the us gets details on people from us based tech companies . 
  it has the power to seize information on their servers . 
  it does not have the ability afaik to force companies in the uk to give up information . 
  other than that they can see traffic but not the content of the traffic because it 's encrypted . 
  the uk were monitoring internet traffic but did not have access to any private information i do n't think thus provided your information is not stored on us servers it 's safe though it still may be monitored as traffic without them having access to the files you store . 
  always worth checking the commission 's blog on uk media to check if it 's true . 
  surprise surprise , [ it 's not !, 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm )  reports of `` brussels big brother bid '' to impose speed controls are inaccurate beyond the limit  september 1 , 2013   reports in the press today suggest that the eu intends to bring forward `` formal proposals this autumn '' to introduce automatic speed controls - known as `` intelligent speed adaptation '' or isa , into cars . 
  ** this is quite simply not true and the commission had made this very clear to the journalists concerned . 
  **   the mail on sunday for example , uses a quote from a commission spokesman but chooses to leave out the first and most important sentence given to the paper 's reporter , which was this :   ** `` the commission has not tabled -- and does not have in the pipeline -- even a non-binding recommendation , let alone anything more . '' **   for the record , the rest of the quote supplied said this :   `` the commission has supported past research into isa . 
  there is a current stakeholder consultation and study focusing on speed limiting technology already fitted to hgvs and buses . 
  one aspect of that is whether isa could in the long-term be an alternative . 
    and a second consultation on in-vehicle safety systems in general . 
  taking account of the consultation results , the commission will publish in the autumn a document by its technical experts which will no doubt refer to isa among many other things . 
  that is all . 
  ( nb such `` staff working documents '' are not adopted by the commission at political level and have no legal status . ), 
  nothing more is expected in the foreseeable future . 
    it is part of the ec 's job -- because it has been mandated to do so by member states , including the uk -- to look at , promote research into and consult stakeholders about new road safety technology which might ultimately save lives . 
  this is done in close cooperation with member states and the uk has generally supported such efforts . ''   it might also seem strange to some that the uk government - if the press reports are accurate at least in that respect -- apparently objects so violently to even being consulted about a range of future ways in which lives could be saved on europe 's roads . 
  i pity whoever has to write this blog . 
  they must get so utterly depressed at having to constantly correct shit like this . 
  when is the next edition of private eye out ? 
  i ca n't wait to read what it now . 
  edit : nevermind it 's 3 days time . 
  no after us corporations control the economies of most of asia and hugely benefit as asia becomes richer . 
  ah ok . well good on them then . 
  i think o2 has networks in other countries but still charges fees . 
  maybe they 'll change their minds now . 
  this may be the first step towards it . 
  or perhaps 3 is pre-empting the passing of the legislation and hoping to win over some customers before it becomes law . 
  they 've included several non-eu places too though so perhaps it 's something bigger . 
  mps voted in 2003 because tony blair allowed them too . 
  there 's no law which says it 's necessary so cameron had every right to just go ahead with no vote but it seems like it 's becoming conventional that we vote now but that 's only been the case since 2003 , never before . 
  having watched some of the dabate myself a lot of the people saying they could not support the motion also said they could be persuaded with more evidence and with more information on how exactly the government expects it to play out . 
  in other words they want some questions answered first , then there will probably be another vote on military action in principle and then probably a further vote on actual action , if they get answers of course . 
  i 'm not sure this really rules the uk out it just means cameron needs to be much more open about the casus belli and the plan for afterwards which is fair enough and could be done fairly quickly . 
  and ? 
  how is leaving a dictator who is currently murdering sunni 's in charge better or going to change that ?
