  too much austerity ? 
  downgrade . 
  new budget that allows huge spending guaranteeing mortgagors ? 
  downgrade . 
  murdock or farage ? 
   murdoch has a history of backing victors in the uk . 
  that 's because he would throw his weight behind them using his newspapers , one of which is gone . 
  also he has lost a lot of credibility , to be honest this might hurt ukip if people associate murdock 's poor judgement and his political views . 
  who knows but i do n't think he has anywhere near the sway he once had . 
  if the sun suddenly backs ukip then we 'll know that he 's trying to retain it . 
  i doubt you 've ever been unemployed long term . 
  there 's a documentary called forgotten britain and a [ follow up one more recently ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyb0-gtm480 ) . 
  it shows just how demoralising it is to be unemployed especially when you have a family to support . 
  jsa is about # 70 a week . 
  try living on that for rent , running a car , food , utilities etc etc and then come back and say unemployment benefits encourage people to not work . 
  also your 170bn figure includes state pensions which is about 70-80bn on it 's own and is not really welfare as you define it . 
  [ here is a breakdown of welfare spending as they have it as a little more than 80bn but they do n't mention state pensions . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2010/jun/02/liberal-conservative-coalition-welfare ) you can decide what to cut . 
  yeah , we should never have privatised the trains either . 
  i do n't think it was how you did it , it just does n't work for boarder-line essential things . 
  wait , does that mean we 're no longer the asshole nation of europe ? 
  yes !!, 
  finally !, 
  this vision kind of defeats the entire purpose of a political and economic union . 
  this is the exact same mistake right wing politicians make here in the uk . 
  a union necessarily involves the strengthening of the weak by the strong for the benefit of a stable whole . 
  i do n't doubt there needs to be a point at which the eu needs to stop expansion and consolidate and actually achieve the goals of the union in the weaker countries producing some successes . 
  if the union continues expanding it 's boarders ( to include more net-receiver countries ) and it 's budgets it will only encourage antipathy from the contributors ( as we have seen ) and will keep adding costs to the eu budget so that the current budget ca n't actually be used to benefit the current eu . 
  making the current eu stronger will allow for increases in the budget that can be justified because they resulted from eu help . 
  instead of going for a 29th country after croatia joins in july maybe the eu should accept the budget cuts it has to deal with and make some tangible progress they can point to when people ask what good the eu has done . 
  it will raise it 's profile and popularity while benefiting the members further . 
  contraction like envisioned in the article would not mean much . 
  rich countries who produce and import lots of good have always been close partners by necessity . 
  a germanic union would be a formalisation of relations that exist regardless of any union . 
  what this vision is merely suggesting is ` let 's get rid of the eu because we do n't stand to make much money if we support other countries . 
  do n't mind the fate of the countries that boarder ours , do n't mind about future war , lets just go back to 1950 ' . 
  i do n't think the author thinks that but from the articles i 've read it appears [ ` the big hit to ordinary cypriot savers was an outcome that nobody seemed to be seeking but no one could find a way to prevent ' . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/18/us-eurozone-cyprus-stumbled-insight-idusbre92h0rh20130318?feedtype=rss&amp;feedname=topnews&amp;utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=feed%3a+reuters%2ftopnews+%28news+%2f+us+%2f+top+news%29&amp;utm_content=bloglines ) the only reason ordinary cypriots pay more is because their president refuses to stop being a tax haven where companies can screw members of other member states and where russian gangster can launder money for crime in russia and possibly in the eu . 
  none-the-less cyprus is a smaller economy and a tougher approach is unlikely to be economically as disastrous as spain or italy . 
  if anything that indicates an authoritarian unionism of ` you do what we say or your out ' not a lack of commitment to the union ; to the people of cyprus maybe but not to the eu . 
  i think also that the close parallels between regan and thatcher 's outlook on politics created a strong political relationship during their terms that has become more and more valuable to both sides . 
  before that time the uk had most of it 's major industries nationalised and was fairly socialist or at least social-democratic , economically left wing and also quote old fashioned . 
  thatcher embraced american models and liberalised the economy ( fucking a lot of people over in the process ) and cemented the formal political relationship that has developed into the relationship today . 
  run away !!!, 
  phew !, 
  so they accepted the ceilings . 
  glad we do n't have to go through that political cluster fuck again . 
  are you looking for a job in journalism ? 
  [ reminds me of the brian butterfield diet plan . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=1njtwvl8x-u#t=91s ) mystery meat !, 
  true . 
  nothing stops them repealing the hra but pulling out of the echr altogether is a different matter . 
  it 's not the hra which allows that appeal to the ecthr , it 's a necessary condition of the convention . 
  if the hra is repealed it will simply dis-incorporate ( if that 's a word ) the echr from uk law . 
  it would still be applicable as an international convention but not as uk law . 
  parties are free to go beyond it but they would cease to be parties if the echr is abandoned and there would be no minimum standard at all allowing a possible bill of rights to be wholly insufficient to protect citizens ' human rights with no penalties for failing to do so . 
   the uk bill of rights will be more powerful than the human rights act the fact that this whole debate is being fueled by conservatives who do n't want the rights currently incorporated by the hra to be there that seems incredibly unlikely to me . 
  if a new bill of rights were to mirror and surpass the echr then it can be applied in addition to the echr . 
  there 's no need to repeal . 
  germany has a constitution whose rules on human rights are so strict they prohibit lazer tag because it simulates killing and is therefore an affront to human dignity ( c-36 / 02 omega v oberb\u00fcrgermeisterin der bundesstadt bonn ) . 
  any germans are invited to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  that exists alongside the echr and is more stringent . 
  how we do n't have to be that stringent but national codification of human rights does not require the repeal of any other legislation . 
  there 's no harm in doubling up . 
  the only reason you would need the echr to be repealed would be if it protects things that the conservatives do n't want protected . 
  i trying to pin each of these on one leader each and i 'm fairly sure several apply to basically all of the leaders . 
  thanks . 
  2 more years and were done . 
  [ 2 more years . 
  christ . 
  genuinely did not see this day coming . 
  the only good news is they will not win the next election unless they do something spectacular . 
  hopefully in the meantime the radicals will go to ukip split the right wing vote and ensure these crackpots never get anywhere near power . 
  it 's one thing to want to repeal the human rights act and leave the convention but to propose no alternative whatsoever is terrifying . 
  hello nigel . 
  no not really . 
  pornography in media and advertising is not the same as pornography in general . 
  besides its a ` call ' not a regulation . 
  it has no legal relevance other than persuasion . 
  you can live and work anywhere in the eu not just schengen . 
  schengen is about boarder controls not employment . 
  the uk 's not part of shengen but other eu citizens can work and live here . 
  you just have to get your bags checked first . 
  hang on . 
  your starting to make me feel positive [ about this ... ] ( http://www.digital-photo-secrets.com/images/jealous-man-squiting.jpg ), 
  got to love google translate :  it giant has been the history of denmark 's greatest treasures lost . 
  microsoft stole some pieces of eight , some gem encrusted goblets and an ancient magical sword . 
  electrolytes , turbolytes , powerlytes more lytes than your body has room forrrr . 
  i do keep them in a fridge because they 're ` raw ' and anything like meat or fish ( or eggs ) that has yet to be cooked but should be cooked to be eaten i just naturally chuck it in the fridge . 
  then again i always eat them within 21 days so according to the quoted study it would n't matter either way . 
  good to know i do n't have to do that though . 
  i could have guessed as they are indeed unrefrigerated in shops . 
  never crossed my mind . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  clearly salmonella is not a problem in either quality scheme so why do the one that takes more money and effort ... but then again i 'm european and you 've got to stick up for your side . 
  faeces on eggs sounds foul but i have n't seen it before . 
  oh god . 
  it better not turn out that access to the eu and the single market is strengthening the economies of central and eastern european nations is making immigration to western europe less attractive . 
  the anti-eu parties who are also anti-immigration would have a heart attack . 
  country : in the morning , from a coffee shop , at extortionate prices , on the way to work .
