  that 's how you know our politicians in the uk wo n't do anything about it because the more you investigate the more it will show they were involved all along . 
  the commission was kept in the dark so has nothing to lose by a tough stand here and has every right to be pissed off and the power to do something about it . 
  look where co-ordination with europe has gotten us , nowhere !, 
  we 'd all be better off as individual nations states with no affiliation with each other . 
  i think there is a big difference people saying with little evidence that they bet that the cia can track your every move and saying with a tonne of evidence that multiple us agencies are tracking your every move whether your guilty or not . 
  one is a speculation even if in our cynicism we come to believe it and the latter is a huge revelation that should cause outrage . 
  do they mean reporting on the us story or the story about gchq . 
  the us story has been widely reported by the gchq one less so afaik . 
  then again i have n't been reading a lot of news recently as i 've been busy . 
  i 'm assuming every european citizen gets a free one . 
  i literally can not think of a single reason i should not have one already on it 's way to me . 
  i might start supporting anti-eu parties for shits and giggles if i do n't have a jet-copter to distract me . 
  you have been warned van rompoy . 
  do it . 
  now . 
  yes , but until that is the case i think it 's reasonable for france to be wary about homogeneous american culture bulldozing their nations pet-projects in the same way we should be wary of losing out to competition for jobs from asia . 
  it just ends up screwing eu citizens . 
  whatever their first statement was , it only matters what they will do about it . 
  if they 've changed their tune it can only be a good thing . 
  when the government does something you do n't like the answer is not always to secede . 
  the problem is not the uk , it 's culture in government that citizen 's rights are secondary to the priorities of the government . 
  woah . 
  complimentary lube is just human decency . 
  we are still human . 
   germany the only country that did n't hand over it 's citizen 's information for free there . 
  ftfy . 
  [ here 's the ep 's actual press release which puts it in less confusing terms . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/pressroom/content/20130603ipr11005/html/act-together-to-counter-cyber-attacks-urges-civil-liberties-committee ) they 're effectively saying if someone has committed a cyber-crime serious enough to warrant being given a maximum sentence then that maximum sentence should be at least 2 years . 
  in theory it will only target the most serious examples of hacking and botnets . 
  in the context of my country however , this would double the max . 
  sentence for gaining access to a computer and would double the max . 
  sentence for impairing the operation of someone 's computer , [ note section 35 ( 3 ) and 36 ( 6 ) here ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2006/48/part/5/crossheading/computer-misuse ) . 
  this is not one of those clean-up operations the commission has to do to get certain anomaly states to comply with common sense , this is a major change in the law for the uk . 
  maybe people could post the maximum sentences for hacking in their countries so we can get an idea of how this would change the law across all 27 mss . 
  i 'm often uneasy about the commission 's mandate in criminal law . 
  to be fair cyber-crime , as they say in the press release , is a truly global thing because of the reach of the internet and if any progress is going to be made in punishing people who deserve to be punished then it needs to be done internationally . 
  even so criminal law is such a coercive field of rules with such serious implications for personal liberties that the eu needs to tread very very carefully . 
  naturally , it 's worth bringing to mind the fact the echr has our backs for a lot of our worries and hopefully it will continue to ( fuck you teresa may ) . 
  10 minutes of searching brought up the council of europe 's [ convention on cybercrime ] ( http://conventions.coe.int/treaty/en/treaties/html/185.htm ) signed and ratified by most council of europe counties and therefore most eu countries . 
  check if yours has [ here ] ( http://conventions.coe.int/treaty/commun/cherchesig.asp?nt=185&amp;cm=8&amp;df=&amp;cl=eng ) . 
  in that convention it encourages the criminalisation of cybercrimes like gaining access to information and intercepting information but provides in section 15 that signatory states shall :  ... provide for the adequate protection of human rights and liberties , including rights arising pursuant to obligations it has undertaken under the 1950 council of europe convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms , the 1966 united nations international covenant on civil and political rights , and other applicable international human rights instruments ... 
  if you 're charged you must be afforded a fair trial ( art . 
  6 ) and your imprisonment must be free from inhumane treatment ( art. 3 , this is an absolute right with no exceptions ) . 
  in the context of art. 3 i would hope that what the us is currently doing to [ bradley manning ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/06/05/extreme-solitary-confinement-what-did-bradley-manning-experience.html ) ( for what is effectively a cyber-crime ) would be illegal in europe because of art. 3 . 
  [ relevant reading on how the obama administration treats whistle-blowers . 
  ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2012/02/20122119527823867.html ) with the us and cybercrime in mind probably the most scary thing about increasing the sentence for hacking is the potential for using cybercrime legislation to both impede legitimate uses of this technology but most importantly to be able to silence people who want to release classified information to bring abuses of power and breaches of law by the state to light . 
  there needs to be protection for whistle-blowers , even those who use computers to get their information . 
  this is especially relevant this week as the nsa 's surrvaillance network has been uncovered primarily through whistle-blowers . 
  naturally , malicious hacking should be illegal but a careful line needs to be draw between using computers to whistle-blow and actually breaking security systems and forcing access to information the latter of which should be prevented . 
  in short , the commission should think long and hard before it encourages advanced democratic states to become more authoritarian and ensure it has the right balance . 
  unfortunately for you , and our old friend nigel , the ep is not illegitimate . 
  what ukip are doing is using the eu not to help their constituents , not to achieve the change they say they want or in fact to do anything at all . 
  instead they stay home and use their presence in the ep as a bargaining chip to collect up all the naive voters in the uk who do n't even know how the ep works let alone whether farage is even doing his job . 
  the truth is and has been for a long time that ukip is a party with no real ideological basis beyond the anti-eu , anti-immigration spiel . 
  they formed to be a spanner in the works of the political system , to make a scene and make some noise and a rallying point for people who did n't like the eu . 
  they 've now been thrown into the limelight and it 's so transparently obvious that the ` political party ' fa\u00e7ade was always just a convenient way to organise people to voice their anger ; it was never meant to actually achieve change and yet people have been taken in by the faux-revolutionary spirit . 
  they do nothing but talk and that 's all they 've ever have done . 
  until they actually start earning the money we pay them it 's all they ever will do . 
  to be honest expecting them to say they were going to something at such short notice is probably a bad idea . 
  if they are going to do anything about it then i 'd rather they take the time to properly consider the best course of action . 
  of course the politburo ... erm ... is so just and fair that they do n't need democracy ... \\* gulp * ... please ... i. . . i do n't like sibera . 
  sure , but that does n't make it illegitimate given that the people voting are democratic representatives . 
  unlike the politburo these people were voted for by european citizens . 
  not to mention it will need to be confirmed by all 700 + meps as it says in the article . 
  all the representatives of the people of europe in the the ep will get a vote . 
  i hope your joking . 
  the 25,000 figure is a guess as it says in the article it 's not a fact . 
  in fact i find it unlikely to be true given the fact that to get that amount you need to have several kids and also be unable to work because of incapacity or caring for another . 
  in reality he probably gets a fair bit of money from the interviews the press seem so willing to give him . 
  on the soldier 's side , that salary lasts for one year during ** training ** . 
  you are n't actually in the job yet . 
  the next year you get over 17,000 and if your a specialist roles get well over 20,000 for their first year . 
  your salary then increases every year after that and within 5 years you should be earning 33,000 a year . 
  if your an officer you get 25,000 during training and 30,000 for your first year rising to 38,000 in 5 years . 
  you also get a pension as part of the army and housing provided . 
  lee rigby , the soldier who was killed , had been in the army for 6-7 years and was a specialist so he definitely earned more than anjem choudrey got in benefits . 
  a law graduate can only expect to get 20-30 ,000 for their first year in a law firm . 
  it is however absurd to say anjem choudrey earns the same as a lawyer . 
  he 's picking a temporarily low salary and using that to compare to benefits . 
  i say he 's a neo-conservative for the same reason i would mention the fact that someone was a staunch socialist , because they have an agenda . 
  they will and do twist facts to support their view and as such should n't be taken at face value . 
  it 's an opinion piece . 
  regarding welfare , yes i do think it 's a good thing that we have a system by which people who ca n't support themselves can be supported . 
  if choudrey genuinely ca n't work then i expect the state to provide for the basics of life . 
  if he commits a crime including inciting facial hatred then the state should be able to take them away . 
  the problem is hugely overstated however by people like the author who have an agenda to push and will take irrelevant and unrelated stats to create anger among readers . 
  its an emotional ploy and it should be ignored at least and at most should be rejected from the mainstream media altogether . 
  i wo n't be lectured by someone who want 's me to give up the support my state offers me just because some maniac want 's to destroy my country . 
  dismantling the social safety net which we thought was fine when is gave money to nice white people just because a nasty foreigner is benefited is losing the fight . 
  we do n't want nasty people in our country so we dismantle our own country to spite them . 
  it 's a petty solution that mostly makes british people worse off and not extreme religious nut jobs . 
  just so we are all aware this was written by the associate director of a neo-conservative think tank . 
  i 'm guessing that 's why he draws the connection with welfare . 
  he probably has an political point to make and he wants to use people 's anger around another issue to achieve his own political goals . 
  just bare that in mind and conclude what you want from the article . 
  wtf ? 
  disagreeing with me ? 
  what ? 
  stop reading into what i 'm saying and just take what i say as what i say . 
  dissenting opinions should be encouraged , including the opinions of those who disagree with me , you and anyone else .
