  it 's the easiest possible way to upload an image . 
  ok , i see what you mean . 
  that seems to me to be a fairly narrow area of competence though , namely banking and to a lesser extent credit . 
  it would not dictate uk policy in general merely seek to push the uk to regulate it 's banking sector ( which admittedly it may not want to do ) . 
  i think that could probably be negotiated around however . 
  for example by increasing the voting power of ` outs ' when concerning eu wide policies not just euro-zone specific policies . 
  i 'm not convinced it would be fatal to the entire concept of the eu in other words . 
  it would suit us , being as economically related to the rest of europe , that europe is stable and that the economics are sensible . 
  a broadly united policy on banking would prevent an iceland situation happening in the eu but would also stabilise economic policies and encourage investment in the low risk environment it would hopefully create . 
  how much of a say we have is something to be decided but a positive frame of mind should be kept . 
  if they did not respect that the commission would sue them provided the article is correct . 
  why would the ecb dictate non-eurozone economic policy ? 
  either it will will regulate eurozone policy alone or we will have a united european economic policy in which the ecb will take uk 's considerations into account seriously as a contributor country ( not that out broad economic policy will be different in any significant way : growth , jobs and trade . 
  we 'll be left to fill in the gaps ) . 
  if the latter is opposed the former will be undertaken and your worries evaporate . 
   lackadaisicalness your english is better than most english people . 
  i was going to say . 
  high unemployment will inevitably boost those numbers . 
  i 'm surprised spain is not higher . 
  we can do both . 
  in fact we 've elected people to do the former so we can take the time to do the latter . 
  wow . 
  i 'm amazed at how little integrity people seem willing to hold onto . 
   it 's a speech by the queen that 's written by the government and in which the queen has no input . 
  i 'm not sure you understand what the queen 's speech is . 
  the amount that goes to the company rather than to tax is still pretty high . 
  it 's just that tax is very low . 
  if companies were forced to give better prices like the government had been suggested they would be even lower . 
  but that 's in a nutshell why such an organisation ca n't really work between nations of such differing power . 
  i doubt we would be able to defend canada and the united states with conventional forces . 
  with nukes yes and it 's back to the cold war justifications of nato . 
  the uk has a 1/5th of the population of the us and is land mass of about 1/40th . 
  it 's utterly impractical for us to have an army capable of defending 100,000 s of miles of us coast line when our coast is about 40 times smaller . 
  we would need to spend about 20 or 30 % of our much smaller budget on the military . 
  to get a similar sized army to the us we would need to spend 100 % of out budget on defence . 
  1 in every 30 men in the country would need to be in the army . 
  it would be ridiculous . 
  we will never be able to defend the us and canada but it was never really about that . 
  it was about the nukes and demonstrating a united western front to russia which is now just a poor backwater with big ideas run by a criminal . 
  they pose no threat and thus nato is unnecessary except for being international peacekeepers which euro has neither the economic strength ( for a few years at least ) , and more importantly and permanently , nor the willingness . 
  china will dominate the east , the us will dominate the americas and the south pacific and the eu will dominate europe . 
  i would hope we would be able to defend ourselves thoroughly especially in alliance with other eu nations . 
  combined france and the uk have a larger military budget than russia and if other eu nations increase their budgets and we combine the forces they would be more than sufficient to defend europe from more or less anything . 
  bosnia was a very complex scenario where the eu had brokered basic peace agreements at many moments and every move was made with an excuse . 
  there was never a watershed moment to intervene militarily something there was pressure not to do . 
  not to mention the genocide was committed by a non-sovereign state ; by militia organisations in bosnia and was therefore hard to both predict and react to . 
  serbia never actually invaded bosnia but merely lent it 's forces to karadzic . 
  if serbia had openly invaded it would have been a much simpler scenario . 
  no doubt the eu should have been more forceful but to use that against it to say it was unreasonably incompetent is bit harsh . 
  there is a perpetual civil war going on in mexico right now , people being murdered at random but the us does n't intervene in it 's own backyard because it respects the sovereignty of it 's neighbours . 
  where is that line beyond which mexico would go where the us would intervene ? 
  it 's hard to pin down and was no doubt equally hard to pin down for lord owen & co who made a decent effort at a peaceful resolution nonetheless . 
  we have enough military to defend ourselves . 
  it 's as much as we need and want . 
  how do you expect to learn about politics or anything more complicated than that which can be summed up in < 10 minutes ? 
  at least they 'll stay inside . 
  happens in most countries . 
  this makes me feel happy . 
  makes a nice change to the normal dire economic news . 
  i bet people will say something stereotypical about complaining or the weather or something but that 's all so negative and boring . 
  [ this is my favourite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbeenhxmmy4 ), 
  the g-k-c relationship is interesting . 
  they are all ultimately the same letter . 
  the greeks got it from the hebrews letter ` gimel ' and adopted it as ` gamma ' . 
  the etruscans adopted the greek alphabet but by the time the romans came around the etruscan letter for ` g ' was pronounced as a ` k ' , the two letters were the same . 
  the romans then adopted gamma and wrote it as ` c ' but pronounced it like ` k ' . 
  centum meaning hundred in latin is pronounced ` kentum ' . 
  ( the romans also invented a new letter to pronounce the ` g ' sound ( as the etruscans had dropped it ) and so they took the c and added a line on the end to make it g. ) then in old french the ` c ' lost it 's ` k ' sound in many situations and became an 's ' sound . 
  hence cent in french begins with a 's ' sound . 
  the french then invaded germanic speaking england in 1066 and french words were adopted into english and now we have english words like ` century ' or ` civil ' with an 's ' sound influenced by french but also words like ` cancer ' which keeps the ` k ' sound from latin in the 1st ` c ' but has the 's ' sound from french on the second or ` candid ' pronounced ` kandid ' from latin ` candidum ' meaning ` white ' . 
  http://qz.com/75117/how-influential-was-the-study-warning-high-debt-kills-growth/ note the quotes at the bottom from olli rehn and the other from lord lamont . 
  the 90 % figure is from the erroneous paper . 
  rogoff , one of the authors of the erroneous paper , [ used to work at the imf ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/np/bio/eng/kr.htm ) and frankly the imf would be neglecting to do it 's job if it did n't pay attention to such a major paper . 
  that 's not to say there were not other reasons for austerity ; there have been other studies which broadly back up the gist of rogoff and reinhart , in fact their main idea that high debt inhibits growth is broadly borne out even in the corrections . 
  debt does inhibit growth but by only a little bit . 
  you can still get 1 or 2 percentage points of growth with 90 % -100 % debt but it 's lower than the growth you will get at 60-90 % which is lower than at 30-60 % which is lower still than < 30 % . 
  what the imf may have avoided had they know the errors is advising aggressive austerity with very high debt countries like greece . 
  they had more leeway than they though and they could have combined cuts in spending and reduction in debts with some investment and achieved better results . 
  funnily enough it was because the edl could find enough people that hate muslims to speak at their rally so they finished earlier than they said . 
  it was the imf that picked up the results of the paper and advised europe 's governments to do austerity . 
  articles : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-22223190 http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/apr/18/uncovered-error-george-osborne-austerity, 
  no , no . 
  [ this is four lion . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-22310419 ) almost to a tee . 
   publicly subsidized performance art that 's kind of why they still exist in the first place . 
  they play the role of head of state and we pay them money for it . 
  plus it helps if they have some family controversy here and there . 
  it would n't be value for money if there was n't some drama . 
  it 's like a national , real life soap opera which costs about the same . 
  provided people enjoy watching it it 'll stay . 
   the relationship with germany is now worse than in the 14-18 period i hope you do n't mean 1914-1918 because if so this shit is so much more serious than i thought . 
  tla = tabletop longitudinal albatross your welcome . 
  by merely quoting him , i 'm not endorsing everything he said . 
  in fact i 'm not even endorsing the quote as accurate merely as relevant . 
  if we assumed you can not quote any philosopher some of who 's work has come to be discarded then when any one philosopher made a mistake it would invalidate every sensible thing they had ever said . 
  i posted because kant envisioned some sort of international union of states arising out of war and destruction which sounds similar to the eu . 
  it 's fairly irrelevant what someone writing 200 years before such a union would exist thought might be the functioning rules of that union . 
  the eu is not a perfectly kantian federation nor did i claim it was , nor has anyone else claimed as such , i just said it was relevant because his prediction bore some resemblance to the modern day . 
  i ca n't even see the other countries boarders .
