i have struggled to understand why people would want to risk their life to get to the uk when their already in france , somewhere many people in the uk would prefer . 
  i suppose i could understand if friends and family have already made it in and they wanted to join people - still , their decisions ca n't be based on logical facts about where they could make a good life because france is equally conducive if not more so to prosperity as the uk . 
  it 's endorsed by socialists who are having money problems . 
  i 'm pretty sure i remember reading or hearing in a lecture that adam smith said exactly this : that capitalism causes in equality . 
  he also advocated for a progressive tax regime as one way to help mediate - people should make the same size sacrifice which will be more for people who have more and less for those who have less . 
  did it ? 
  i read they ended up confirming it was real officially though some non-officials remained skeptical . 
  looks just like the [ dassault neuron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault_neuron ) made by 5 other european nations , which in turn looks like the [ lockheed martin rq-170 sentinel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_martin_rq-170_sentinel ) in the us one of which crashed in iran and they claim to have reverse engineered it and are supposedly building one . 
  the next major conflict is going to be primarily a drone war . 
   with vastly superior numbers and the use of a gunship , the british army suppressed the rising it is worth pointing out that the british army lost more men than the rebels mostly because the rebellion caught them unaware . 
  also the number of civilian casualties were more than the rebels and army combined . 
  the gun boat and re-enforcements were brought in by train ( the rebels made no attempt to capture any train stations allowing for re-enforcement ) and started bombing o'connell st on the 3rd day . 
  also the next sentence after the quote makes it sound like independence followed as a result of the rebellion which is not really true . 
  the british government was more and more reluctantly willing to grant independence ( they had passed a home rule act in 1914 , which created an irish government but retained them as a territory ) but the major sticking point was the ulster unionists who did n't want to be governed by nationalists in dublin and refused to take part in any form of independence . 
  i do n't think the media has anything to do with it . 
  the easter rising itself was a failure and it did not lead in any real sense to independence . 
  as a student in the uk i spent a year of a-level history on anglo-irish history from 1798-1921 including 1916 . 
  it does n't get covered while history is compulsory so most people will not have leant about it but some will have learnt a great deal about it . 
  it 's not as if it 's being hidden or not talked about - if they are trying to do that then hiding it in an a-level history syllabus was a silly place to leave it . 
  it 's worth mentioning that the total death count including the number accidental civilian deaths ( which was higher than the death count for both sides combined ) was less than 500 people . 
  it was a small rebellion with only indirect consequences . 
  it happened nearly 100 years ago before the age of truly universal mass media compared to 9/11 which was caught on camera in an age of international news media . 
  the two events are totally different and of totally different scales . 
  a perfect come back to ` if i 'm not guilty i have no reason to be against mass surveillance and domestic spying ' . 
  yes , you do . 
  just being near something bad happening , whether you 're guilty or not , puts your phone number and presumably other contact details on a list . 
  more information : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25810730 http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/01/20/uk-centralafrican-eu-idukbrea0j0s720140120, 
  i love that he probably thinks there a loads of gay people around the world sighing deeply and saying ` fine !, 
  fine . 
  god , such a spoil sport ... ' . 
  i think this is a response to the summoning of the israeli ambassadors in those countries over the newly proposed settlement expansion . 
  in other words what he means by pro-palestinian is anti-settlements . 
  if that is the case then i would be happy for this to become a proper disagreement . 
  we 're on the right side of that particular debate . 
  israel is so duplicitous when it complains ( rightly ) about terrorist attacks against it 's citizens and then illegally confiscates land that 's outside it 's borders . 
  in doing so it screws it 's own people because no-one is going to get behind israel to defend it from terrorism while it 's doing something totally illegal according to international law . 
  to be fair this is a uk newspaper written for a mostly uk audience . 
  it makes sense that it would focus on the uk good and bad . 
  in this case presumably they want to make people angry at the government . 
  it would n't have the same impact there were other parties . 
  neither would germany or greece or the netherlands or a bunch of other countries . 
  a federal europe is not the preferred solution of any european government to my knowledge . 
  it can be interpreted in a number of ways but the fundamental meaning is clear : `` deprives them of the means needed for independence '' is the best summary i can see . 
  it wo n't and probably would not be able to be interpreted in a way that contradicts that which is probably a sufficient control . 
  given that you have n't seen the draft you can not say it is poorly defined at this point . 
  the word ` campaign ' will be important . 
  provided this is drafted similar to how harassment offences are drafted ( i.e. 
  you must show a series of events over time ) then i ca n't see much wrong with it . 
  from what i read here it does seem to only criminalise a course of systematic abuse . 
  the united states was once a monarchy too , i should point out . 
  something to do with us apparently . 
  given some of nasty people who come out of the woodwork when there 's political influence to be won you ca n't blame them tbh . 
  in reality however you would hope true journalists would be more bold and trusting in the value of free speech than anyone rather than avoiding debate and free discussion . 
  i guess those team-building exercises backfired somewhat ... 
  too soon ... 
  i do n't think this is entirely correct . 
  the campaign has always been for an opt out system not an opt in one . 
  there is no law because the isps were told they should either do it themselves or parliament would legislate . 
  so the filters change from isp to isp . 
  to quote an article on the topic :  bt has announced that it will be asking all its existing broadband customers to opt out of its filtering system , even as concerns grow that said filters may do more harm than good . 
   part of prime minister david cameron 's plan to add block-by-default filters to all uk internet connections , announced back in july , bt 's revised parental controls system is enabled for all new customers who then have to manually opt out of the system . 
  early next year , however , bt will start to contact existing customers who signed up before the on-by-default filter system was enabled and ask them to explicitly state they want to receive adult content or else have the filter foisted upon them . 
  existing customers will be asked but for new customers it will be assumed they will want the system unless they uncheck the box . 
  as is tradition ... 
  ah yes , the quintessential recipe . 
  such a long and noble traditional in that particular establishment . 
  not that it 's been proved there will even be a ` new wave ' ... 
  as far as i know , yes . 
  it 's an old royal power and typically those can only be exercised by the requisite secretary of state . 
  i 'm pretty sure it can be reviewed by a judge if they have a lawyer although there 's probably a time limit . 
  the ability to grant and revoke citizenship is not and has never been subject to judicial approval . 
  it 's an executive power ; i do n't know what it 's like elsewhere . 
  this is the first thing theresa may has done that i 'm totally fine with . 
  he can speak several i think : spanish , dutch and russian iirc . 
  the efta was created after the eu and was a toning down of the original principles . 
  the eu has always been about the common market which is effectively just free trade + common trade rules . 
  i get the impression you think i meant to say all the other countries only wanted free trade and nothing else which is demonstrably false . 
  whether you are part of the efta or the eu you all have free trade ; this was the case in 1957 and every country that has ever signed up to the eu since the efta has existed has wanted the common market as opposed to mere free trade . 
  they have always had the option but chose the common market instead . 
  britain is the prime example . 
  britain helped form the efta in 1960 but did n't join and ended up joining the eu in full knowledge of the differences between the two . 
  britain has never wanted just free trade . 
  so yes , every country in the eu ( at least those that joined after 1960 ) does and did want free trade and they wanted common trade regulation on top . 
  if they only wanted free trade they could have joined the efta but they , or at least their governments , consciously chose not to . 
  aside from any other point the measure of democracy is not whether the downtrodden are cared for . 
  also whatever you may think about free trade areas , the other countries in the eu also want a free trade area ; that was the point . 
  you should n't say the uk as if euroskepticism is public policy . 
  every political party with a serious chance in the general elections supports the eu . 
  flick a switch and the enemies planes drop out of the sky . 
  now that 's a defence so tempting i would be surprised if they had not thought of it . 
  sell nerfed jets to your enemy , make a shit load of money , attack them or wait until they attack you and render their entire air force useless . 
  who has the power to sign trade deals ? 
  the president i presume ? 
  [ christopher hitchens on the subject ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8xkzvyknok#t=291 ), 
  i was going to say , i would love to see the reaction of the us public , [ a very slim majority of whom think positively of snowden ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/10/29/edward-snowden-uk-survey_n_4173876.html ) , that for the sake of preventing a speech in another country he threw away $ 130.7 billion a year while their economy is still not doing brilliantly . 
  and the council of the european union . 
  that 's because they have no access to birth control . 
  either way child mortality rates are high and if you want any children to survive you you have to have lots of kids . 
  he was referring to people being secure in bringing children into the world when your savings and bank balance look ok . 
  if you do n't use banks and you do n't have savings then nothing he 's saying really affects someone is africa or wherever .
