  me : it turns my stomach inside out for some reason so i rarely drink it . 
  if i do it 's when i need to wake up . 
  black , no sugar . 
  i feel oddly violated like he just smelt my ~ ~ hair ~ ~ parliamentary democracy . 
  rugby or cricket . 
  neither really compete for viewers or fans from the other because cricket is played in the summer normally and rugby in the autumn and spring . 
  also i think both struggle to attract people to club games ; you have a core fan base and plenty of occasional visitors but nowhere near the following that football gets . 
  a the biggest club match of the year in either would really struggle to fill a big stadium but the biggest club game in football would fill wembley and a tonne of people would be disappointed and the tickets would be hugely expensive but it would n't put people off . 
  for national matches like the ashes in cricket and the six nations or world cup in rugby will get everyone round the tv and will fill stadiums . 
  my religious upbringing are making my protestant senses tingle . 
  is that tune linked to religion by any chance ? 
  a hymn or something ? 
  i do n't know the words but just from the sound of it it just sounds like an anglican hymn . 
  i 've only ever know bogurodzica [ in this form ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n4tob7mx8u ) . 
  thanks . 
  do n't the competitors have to be unsigned ? 
  would have thought she would be signed to a record label . 
  pdfs open in chrome like a new tab for me and does n't download . 
  i did n't even notice . 
  we should officially change our name to marea britanie , it 's quite nice . 
  immigrant families will gravitate to the city where the jobs are and as a result you get a concentration of both poverty , opportunity for crime and minorities in the cities . 
  the first 2 cause the crime and the statistics show that minorities are doing it . 
  it 's not a reflection on their race and but a reflection on the condition of inner cities and the financial situation of being a x-generation immigrant to a city combined with high crime anyway due to high population density . 
  this is the biggest issue with any of these discussions on here . 
  being a totally new country it would have different levels of debt , gdp etc and i 'm fairly sure that if it falls short of any of these the eu would have to be fairly strict ( not least because letting in countries on the promise that they would sort their financial situation has not gone down brilliantly in the past * cough * italy * cough * ) but also because any prospective members of the eu would be rightly concerned that scotland was getting favourable treatment over them . 
  having said that if they meet the criteria then it should be fine . 
  i 'm not bothered one way of the other tbh . 
  one way i loose the cool stuff in scotland but the rest of the uk saves money and on the other it stays the same which is clearly fine too . 
  * shrug *, 
  i have a feeling they 're not going to be much better here . 
  shitty people are everywhere . 
  the same thing [ happened in the uk ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2012/jun/29/man-on-fire-birmingham-job-centre ) under a conservative government and none of this has any connection to the eurozone institutions given national budgets are not dictated by any outside authority nor is it anything to with the currency itself because the uk is not in the euro and the situation , namely a fucked fit-to-work program , is present in the uk . 
  stop being a colossal opportunistic dick trying to slip your ( incorrect ) political jabs in any fucking thread that arises even if it 's irrelevant and have a bit of restraint . 
  for the sake of the rest of us who could not give a single solitary shit what you think about socialists . 
  experts ? 
  baffled ? 
  have they not been watching the news recently ? 
  we 've been eating them . 
  that money could have come from the 6 % increase in exports . 
  they clearly did n't need it . 
  this is a very logical series of actions . 
  like old things --  go to old things - -  stay . 
  i like it . 
   uk prime minister david cameron , who had been pressing for cuts , hailed it as a `` good deal for britain '' wow , this reminded me so much , word for word in fact , of [ this fry and laurie sketch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4m_ajunmsa ) : one of my favourites . 
  i hope people see that too . 
  it seems to me he 's clearly not interested in having any sort of beneficial relationship with europe even if the budget is cut making his arguments about the cost of the eu pointless . 
  he opposed it because it was european not necessarily because it was in expensive . 
  wait so are governments importing more coal or energy companies ? 
  i 'm not sure you can blame national governments for lapsing in environmental policy when energy companies are using the cheapest fuel regardless of the environmental impact . 
  ~ ~ how the currency union is arranged ~ ~ it 's more that interest rates fell so much when spain joined the euro that they had a property bubble like the us and it burst in 2008 . 
  the effects of the euro was overwhelmingly positive but for an economy that had never experienced such cheap money it encouraged recklessness . 
  those effects could have been anticipated but they were n't . 
  i would n't use this as an attempt to criticise the whole project . 
  i 'm fairly sure one person 's corruption is not the force behind the contraction of an entire economy . 
  i mean , that would be impressive if it was but it 's not . 
  not this year ( 2013 ) but last year ( 2012 ) i think , but yes that one . 
  hillary clinto threatened all sorts of ill-defined ` consequences ' if the tax went ahead but all us airlines complied until some chinese airlines refused and then congress jumped on the bandwagon and told us airline they should ignore it . 
  they did n't raise taxes on eu airlines or anything . 
  shame they had to foil such a well meaning project because of their inability to see further than 4 years into the future but there was certainly no trade war or retaliation . 
  they also threatened a trade war with us over the carbon tax on airlines and all us carriers conciliated . 
  it was developing nations that scuppered those plans . 
  bring it the fuck on or fuck the fuck of . 
  i 'm so ashamed this shit is one of the top selling newspapers in the uk . 
  it 's not about the amount , it 's about what it 's spent on . 
  i 'm in favour of the eu by a long way but i think people would be more comfortable without the rebate if the extra net contribution were spent on more productive things than keeping france 's uncompetitive food markets running . 
  if the money was to be spend on rolling out fast internet or building transnational infrastructure or something broadly beneficial for everyone i 'd be in favour of scrapping the rebate but until the cap is reformed or made a smaller proportion of the budget it should n't be . 
  and also fair because britain would be paying more for the cap and france would be receiving more . 
  if you scrap the rebate britain ends up paying france and not receiving a whole lot in return . 
  very interesting article . 
  took the words out of my mouth in some places . 
  the ep needs the lion 's share of legislative power in the eu and if any transnational issues are going to be solved without distrust of other nations we desperately need a continental public sphere . 
  habermas ' ideas on the public sphere are fascinating . 
  i was always told he was boring before i studied him ( a little ) but i found it hugely relevant to modern politics and therefore very exiting . 
   what a shameful breach of sovereignty by the americans . 
  there should be a special button so that we can just paste this into comments . 
  seems a waste of time to type it all out so often . 
  * please do n't be us please do n't be us please do n't be us * ... fuck !, 
  uk has a population of ~ 65 million and 500,000 of that is approximately 0.0075 . 
  edit : ok i thought i should check the numbers for more accuracy and my population figures were slightly too high and rounding down to 500000 was probably not useful either . 
  it turns out at 0.88 of 1 % of the population of the uk . 
  for england its the population is 51.09 million and that works out as 1.07 % of the population of england speaks polish . 
  i find it strange why british people are so intimidated by foreign languages . 
  it must be because we are notoriously shit at them but that 's not reason to be so aggressive to immigrants as many ~ ~ people ~ ~ journalists are . 
  it 's our own problem ; if we all spoke a second language like the large amount of people in europe can we would so much more relaxed about it . 
  foreign-ness is something we are culturally taught is not worth engaging with . 
  it 's the root of all our issues with the eu , with muslims and eastern europeans etc etc ad infinitum . 
  if the majority of our children were taught that people from different places were interesting not alien then maybe we would stop encouraging each other to rage about such topics and we could have a slightly more mature view . 
  you have not problem with immigration but your culture is telling you that you should think you do . 
  it 's sad really . 
  ninja edit :  i 'm not sure i approve of the growing number of people living here who speak english only as a second language ... it is not unreasonable to request that if you live here , you learn to speak the language people that speak english as a second language did exactly that , made the effort to learn the language but your still not ok with it ? 
  it works out at 3/4 of 1 % of the population . 
  which ever one gives the best headline . 
  probably means speaks polish as 1st language however in my experience eastern european and polish people in the uk have fluent english as a second language . 
  so in a less provocative headline , 3/4 of 1 % of britain 's population speak polish . 
  [ djflula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0pu7zgeawu&amp;list=pl48258d69c3dd1228 ), 
  we 'll be out of afghanistan by 2014 i think . 
  once that 's done we will be much more able to do this sort of thing . 
  i think everyone has learnt a lot from the last decade . 
  completely disestablishing a country and attempting to build it back up again is nigh on impossible in the modern era and i do n't think we will be doing it again any time soon , thank cuthulu . 
  well written .
