  if we passed it i guess ireland would pass it or make some major changes to free movement agreements . 
  if ireland legalises cannabis we would have too also . 
  with free travel between ireland and the uk policing it would be pointless . 
  tapping someone 's personal phone and then not telling them about it is not helpful . 
  mekel 's not going to be helped by having her phone tapped because she already knows everything being recorded ( given that she 's the one god damn talking and listening ) and especially because they have kept it secret for 11 years . 
  none of it is about benefiting us if your finding out what we already know . 
  and the fact that it 's kept secret implies the us does n't want to benefit us . 
  cunt . 
  if they want to put their point across that 's fine , they do n't have an argument . 
  maybe we could have ` x-post fridays ' where we submit content solely to the other sub . 
  good . 
  i hope he feels guilty . 
  he needs to pick a side and i think he seems to have picked the right one . 
  good . 
  what was suggested was not an internet without google or youtube but an internet led by non-governmental organisations and free from direct control by the us . 
  the us will still be part of it but and equal partner alongside everyone else . 
  not a single young person i know uses ie . 
  companies use it though and force their employees to use it . 
  i hope both of the citizens make the best choice for their country . 
  but those were not necessarily american interests . 
  in fact they were in north africa and thus basically on our border . 
  i would hope most europeans would n't care or want to be involved in a ` pivot to the east ' or have anything to do with dominating china . 
  well , whatever the extent of the regulations they must do something or the uk would n't be opposed to them , [ which they are ] ( http://amberhawk.typepad.com/amberhawk/2012/11/uk-government-opposed-to-the-commissions-data-protection-regulation.html ) . 
  if all it did was create a veneer of protection they might be in favour because they could pretend to be all concerned with liberties etc while actually ensuring that they could continue what they were doing . 
   the companies will deliver the data to european agencies only if the threat that the intelligence agencies give to companies is worse than the billions in fines the eu will give it when it finds out . 
  they could use force but that 's so illegal that it would be political suicide for any politician to suggest that using force to steal data was ok . 
  it makes the process very risky for companies . 
  most of the data given to the nsa was given voluntarily . 
  the eu is making a strong enough threat than that data will no longer be given voluntarily and it will become an industry standard to reject such requests for risk of fines . 
  now depending on how corrupt the judiciary is they will refuse any request which does n't comply with these regulations . 
  in the uk the judiciary has historically been much better than politicians at protecting civil liberties than politicians . 
  the problem has always been that they 've had little ground to stand on . 
  as john oliver said over the summer when he was hosting the daily show ` were not upset you broke the law , mr president , were upset you did n't have to ' . 
  well these regulations effectively mean that if gchq or the nsa want information like they had before they will probably have to break the law which will give judges more leeway to rule against the government and will make politicians less likely to side with them because no politicians is going to side with someone who broke the laws they wrote , it would , in the uk at least , be very hard to live down and knowing the press in this country would mean the end of your political career . 
  i 'm assuming the rules will apply to anyone in europe even whatever ` puppets ' , what ever they might be , exist . 
  i think the point is to force media companies not to comply with requests from gchq or the nsa . 
  iirc 70 % of so of the data the nsa has comes from media companies who voluntarily give it . 
  if you close that corridor off then the nsa loses a lot of it 's control . 
  i hope the threat is enough to persuade these companies though . 
  having said that because the eu regulations are all above board the companies ca n't complain about the fines whereas i do n't know what the nsa can do to persuade facebook that a the risk of billion dollar fine is worth it . 
  they have to threaten something worse than losing a billion dollars which is probably quite a difficult thing to do . 
  we have a different approach to injury lawsuits . 
  rather than having an automatic insurance system it 's done by individual litigation . 
  if you suffer harm you can chose to sue the person that caused it . 
  this counts for basically any situation anywhere . 
  to sue that person , typically , you need to show they had some sort of duty to be careful and that they breached that duty to you . 
  if your harmed physically there will almost always be a duty to take care for example and if you 're in an employer-employee relationship typically that relationship will help you a lot . 
  if you 're physically harmed at work and it 's your employer 's fault the case it 's just open and shut and you 're basically guaranteed to win . 
  the theories behind it are different . 
  in france and germany ( to my understanding ) the ` strict liability ' schemes mean even if an accident is no-one 's fault you will get compensation . 
  in the uk you will only get compensation if someone is to blame . 
  obviously healthcare costs are # 0 but loss of wages and suffering is something you can sue for . 
  if it 's no-one 's fault you just need to deal with it . 
  our system is more picky about who gets compensation but it may refuse compensation to people who deserve it . 
  however an automatic system might force companies to pay out insurance claims for accidents that were totally the employee 's fault and while that means everyone gets a nice pay off it may feel undeserved or it may encourage abuse of the system . 
  you much better placed to identify the strengths and weaknesses of the insurance system . 
  here , you can claim sick pay from your employer and it must be at least at a minimum level of about # 87 a week ( $ 103 a week ) . 
  this is not compensation but just sick pay . 
  that 's the minimum level but many employers might say you get your full pay for the first three months of sickness and then you get half-pay for another three months for example ( assuming you have a salary of course and not just hours here and there ), 
  i just realised john humphrys looks exactly like [ earl ] ( https://lh3.ggpht.com/-5fatqnxj8y0/t12w4ohwdpi/aaaaaaaaafq/tg4d9juelsu/s1600/earl.jpg ) from the wonga.com ads . 
  if they do n't have any chance of getting a job they can be forced to leave the uk . 
  if they are n't being sent home that 's the government 's fault . 
  eu law allows for deportation after a reasonable time of joblessness . 
  jesus , this whole revelation since snowdon first blew the whistle is probably the biggest news story/paradigm shift in human history ( comparable maybe to after 1945 or the cold war ) . 
  i know this is a giant clich\u00e9 but it really is like 1984 on steroids . 
  1 less utter douchebag in the world , good . 
  are they required to take them just because people turned up in their waters ? 
  i would have thought the un would have to formally ask them or their obligations would only begin once they are in italy but that 's just what i expect no necessarily the truth . 
  i would be interested to know whether the un has to designate the country dangerous before people leaving it count as refugees . 
  i mean i could flee the uk because of a lack of severe lack of saint-\u00c9milion wines . 
  i could consider this amounted to cruel and unusual punishment not to give me exquisite wine but if i then flee to france i doubt the un will consider me a refugee with france being forced to take me in . 
  there must be , i assume , a process the un goes through for deciding whether people from a particular country are refugees and if they are do they just get to go to the nearest country that 's not dangerous . 
  why not turkey ? 
  i do n't know the legal details so i ca n't say really . 
  while i 'm all for immigration as a concept for a number of reasons i have no problem with people having a much stricter attitude to what amounts to illegal trafficking . 
  if these people count as legitimate refugees they should be allowed to enter europe for the period time in which their country is dangerous but there are legitimate channels to do that , namely the un refugee agency . 
  unless internationally requested to accept them , there should not be a burden on any country to take people leaving another country . 
  i 'm happy to be proven wrong but i do n't see any reason why for example the italian navy should not be allowed to protect it 's coasts from boats of such migrants . 
  i agree with the professor in the article - states should be allowed to protect their living standard though naturally this does not mean failing to respond to reasonable demands from legitimate international organisations and possibly other nations . 
  and realigning with the portuguese which is surely more important . 
  it must be annoying to got a few miles across the border and have to change your clocks . 
  yes , there 's one in the station near me . 
  i have never been because i do n't tend to stay around the station long but i will check it out . 
  i 've heard more and more about us craft beers that sound really interesting . 
  i will have to fine a big international beer shop - there should be plenty in london - and try some . 
  i have to agree . 
  i do my part for our national electricity supply by never watching it . 
   are they in league with the republicans in general , associating yourself us politics is still a step too far . 
  the conservative rebels have a lot of the same beliefs at the republicans but stop short of actively pointing that out mostly because there 's too much money flying around in america and you can be accused of corruption so it would be a bad move . 
  having said that some individuals have made their way over - daniel hannan [ spoke at cpac ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugdrgtbyxmc ) which is a meeting of republicans from all over the us and they god damn love him . 
  he was all over fox news and [ glenn beck 's shows ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00mcxag8-rg ) when obama care was being passed because he opposes public healthcare . 
  he 's not an mp though , he 's an mep and an extreme one at that . 
  he 's come into conflict with the conservative leadership a few times too and been slapped back into line . 
  [ you can see here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1_i0aprmgw ) quite how out of line his thoughts are with david cameron 's views . 
  yes , it is all quite sad . 
  i 'm confident though that after 2015 there will be a government change and a more positive mood as the economy starts growing properly . 
  the echr has handed down some unpopular decisions recently . 
  they decided that the blanket ban on prisoners voting was illegal which all politicians seems to declare was ridiculous in order to look tough on crime . 
  the abu qatada thing was also a bit embarrassing for the government and they just blamed the ecthr instead . 
  it was in the news for weeks and weeks .
