  we even touched on machine learning and algorithms . 
  and from my perspective , robotics is a field that is still in it 's infancy , the tools exist to develop about a dozen variants of robot that can perform all human tasks more efficiently than humans can . 
  ofcourse it 's much much more efficient to design a robot for a single task for any industrial use . 
  and its cheaper to just make administration software instead of teach a robot like baxter from the humans need not apply video how to use a computer and be a low level administrator . 
  tldr : use your ` robotics phd ' and school me with it , i 'm yet to see a compelling argument for why automation wo n't eventually take most jobs from humans . 
  and i look for one , it 's a genuine worry , and an area of great interest to me . 
  when did letting the people choose which country they want to be a part of become ` blatant divide & conquer ' ? 
  yeh so the argument saying automation actually quantifies job losses at 6 workers per robot . 
  the ifr agrees , does n't quantify how many jobs are created via increased productivity , or even qualify if it 's less/the same/more jobs created by said increased productivity . 
  they are conveniently not mentioning the jobs created via automation are decidedly less than the jobs lost to it . 
  also i read the fucking article , unless you have something to add to it do n't fucking paste paragraphs of it . 
  i have a masters in mechanical engineering , i 've studied automation at the university level . 
  i enjoyed ` humans need not apply ' . 
  nothing stood out to me as incorrect about what he had to say or his arguments . 
  his points about flexible robots with machine vision , dexterity and learning capabilities being able to replace * every * human job was on point , as the technology becomes streamlined , it will be possible to have a single robot that can use ` hands ' to perform tasks faster than humans , like folding clothes or bagging items . 
  after all , humans are just an arrangement of matter , and for every job a human does or can potentially do , there is an arrangement of matter that is far more efficient at any said task than a human . 
  so you know , guy who probably does n't have an engineering degree , who are you to dismiss a quality video as ` pop culture ' . 
  it 's a great example of science communication that is understandable and informative . 
  you get your news from rt ? 
  russian shill much lol . 
  keep worshipping a true symbol of the lack of meritocracy in our country . 
  so you like it because it 's tradiition . 
  if you had your exact same government right now minus the monarchy schtick , and someone suggested you have a king that is born to shake hands and represent the country , people would rightly think you 're an idiot . 
  from a british person . 
  the monarchy is just stupid . 
   if 80 % of the world became a dystopian hellhole and europe was just fine , i do n't think it would be `` just fine '' for very long . 
  guess where a lot of that 80 % is going to try to migrate to ? 
  probably the area with porous borders and no will to deport anyone . 
  well , although internal support for the schengen area is still relatively high . 
  since the us-caused refugee crisis that they refuse to help us with , it 's become much more accepted , even in the left and centre , to militarise the borders between eu and non-eu countries . 
  the rise of the far right is just making xenophobia more acceptable in our mainstream parties . 
  the walls will be safely up before climate change and dystopia displace millions in the future . 
  sucks to be them . 
  i mean , feelsbadman , what can you do . 
  just like it sucks to be 80 % of the rest of the world population when a cocktail of climate change and automation begins toppling societies . 
  for somewhere like america , i 'd just imagine something more exagerrated than what you have now tbh . 
  an elite class of capital owners , the 1 % . 
  a small middle class of servants , workers , soldiers , scientists ~ 5-10 % of the population . 
  and then ~ 90 % are perpetually unemployed and live in some form of ghetto like your poor black population currently do . 
  subsisting on black market trade , food stamps and shit . 
  really ca n't manage a future where america transfers to some kind of sustainable ubi system before your society is permanently damaged, 
  austria has a lot to be proud of , it 's a true bastion of european values . 
  do n't know why you 'd be ashamed of it ` once again ' . 
  in a world where automation looks set to take like 40 % of all jobs in the coming decades , and could potentially take all jobs in the distant future , radical ideas like this need to be floated . 
  long before we find ourselves in a situation where we have permanent unemployment over 10 % as a result of automation . 
   despite all the fear-mongering , we 're so far away from even the most basic , manual jobs being fully automated . 
  stop calling it fear mongering . 
  automated cars are on pilot tests in villages in england . 
  they will be legalised before 2020 . 
  within 10 years of automated cars being legalised , the transport sector will be gone , that 's the biggest sector in the uk . 
  and the thing is with you people , you think there is some magic law in economics or engineering where for every advancement that takes away jobs , there must be another advancement that creates an equal number of jobs . 
  that 's pure bullshit . 
  automation is coming for the biggest job sectors . 
  low level administration is also being automated by admin software . 
  admin jobs are a huge employer , those jobs will soon vanish . 
  the jobs that come as a result of automation like software and maintenance engineers are small niche roles and only account for a fraction of the jobs lost . 
  you even quote tesco express . 
  what used to be 10 cashiers is now 10 auto registers with 1 cashier standing by . 
  where did those 9 jobs go ? 
  they are n't going to materialise in some other sector . 
  are you sure you are n't american ? 
  because everything about your comment is retarded . 
  things will probably get much much worse actually . 
  a lot will change when the bottom rungs of society lose the only thing that gives them bargaining power in modern society , the value of their labour . 
  i have some faith that the eu and maybe the aus/nz could potentially implement a form of ubi where most of the population is unemployed but propped up by a system of automation . 
  but i fear that most of the world will become decidedly dystopian as automation cuts out more and more jobs . 
  i 'll have extra helpings of schadenfreude if us europeans end up ok , and we see old trump supporters , defenders of billionaires and the american system , looting stores just to survive and getting gunned down by crowd control drones . 
  so that you can control automation in your country and abroad . 
  by imposing tariffs , all consumption of automated goods is taxed by the eu one way or another and the eu can prop up it 's citizens regardless of whether the goods are produced in or out of the eu . 
  without tariffs , there is nothing to stop companies leaving the eu and avoiding a robot tax . 
   all real data shows automation increases the number of jobs on the medium and long term but that 's not a catchy headline . 
  the sky is falling grabs more clicks . 
  did you actually read the fucking article ? 
  no where does it say it increases jobs in medium and long term . 
  if anything the only thing that they say is it increases jobs in the short term . 
  installation jobs that are currently booming now as automation returns factories to the first world that were previously outsourced . 
  but that boom will eventually peter out , there are only a finite number of factories that were outsourced in the first place . 
  all the ifr ( the guys shilling for robots ) have said , is that in the last decade , automation has promoted job growth . 
  nothing more . 
  there is a lot of use of clever language , like ` fully ' automatable . 
  if 30 cashiers are replaced by 30 auto registers and 1 supervisor , that occupation has n't been ` fully ' automated . 
  the fact is , as the automation process begins to finish in 20 years , the jobs automation creates via installation workers will begin to drop off a decrease drastically . 
  and there will be no new jobs to replace the 6 workers who lose a job for each robot deployed lol . 
  watch cgp greys video ` humans need not apply ' , instead of reading a publication that exists to promote robotics and will obviously massage the truth as they have done in this article you linked . 
  in fact , why did n't you read the guardian , finance times and ny times articles linked in here instead ? 
  they are neutral on robots and they tell the truth about how they take jobs . 
  great idea if implemented by the whole eu in conjunction with import tariffs for automation-produced goods . 
  make it cost effective for companies to just manufacture in the eu and pay the tax instead of steep import tariffs . 
  also do n't underestimate that automated factories need a lot of good infrastructure that are most easily found in the eu . 
  you have to pay a team of engineers a lot more money if you want them to move to a shithole . 
  lol . 
  when social mobility in america is among the lowest of all first world nations , it kind of affects the life of a 30 year old black guy that his parents and grandparents did n't have full civil rights . 
  you expect a population that started out as slaves , has endured 100 years as 2nd class citizens with access to inferior education and exists in a society that is still racist as fuck today , to be on par with white populations ? 
  you 're an idiot mate , your views are unnuanced and ill conceived . 
  true symbol of your education system . 
  i 'm sure you 're just some low level schmuck but looking down on blacks makes you feel like you 're part of a superior club . 
   it does still have the issue of different services already paid for in certain countries . 
  that was the entire point of his comment . 
   i feel like many europeans have this idea that they are actually better off than their american counterparts but that 's not true in terms of income . 
  you realise it 's northern europeans who think this ?
