ultimately , why is it even up to european countries to take them in . 
  they 're arabs , resettle them all in arab countries where it 'll be much easier for them to integrate . 
  the recent wave of refugees has destabilised europe . 
  it 's time to stop this bullshit . 
  [ after re-reading this for the 5th time ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/018/489/nick-young-confused-face-300x256_nqlyaa.jpg ), 
  depending on individuals to change their behaviour has proved ineffective . 
  the only way to bring about real change is through legislation and regulation of products and corporations . 
   ohh playing the intellectual !, 
  you can shove that condescending bullshit elsewhere . 
  so you have no background in science . 
  you think you know better than hundreds of thousands of individuals more talented than you who dedicate their whole lives to collecting data on the climate and making sense of that data . 
  that 's all my argument needs to be . 
  you are unbelievably arrogant and just plain stupid . 
  to think you know better than these people , whilst simultaneously having absolutely no data or hypothesis of your own to dispute the current consensus on man made climate change . 
  oh and , do you trust doctors to heal you ? 
  engineers to build your house and car safely ? 
  chemists to make sure your products are safe ? 
  nuclear physicists to provide your country with power and not cause a nuclear disaster ? 
  do you trust aerospace engineers to make your planes fly and rocket scientists to put satellites in space ? 
  because all of these areas that your society depend on share the exact same methods and communities as the climate community . 
  why is the climate community so special ? 
  why do n't you suspect any other scientific community that you depend on in your daily life of being phoneys ? 
  do you have any background in science ? 
  like , a degree in some discipline of science ? 
  a stem degree ? 
  any degree at all ? 
  why does someone like you think they have the level of scientific literacy to understand something like this ? 
  people like you should just take the word of the scientific community as given . 
  because if you had any idea how the community functioned , you 'd realise it 's humanity 's best guess . 
  much better than whatever retard radio host or shitrag you 've gotten your opinions from . 
  actually regional pollution has negative affects on the region . 
  coal subsidies and lax safety regulations in whatever buttfuck backwater you 're from will raise cancer rates/breathing problems and shorten life expectancy . 
  add to that shitty services , bad water , bad healthcare , no consumer protections or workers rights ... it 's no wonder your life expectancy is so low ( assuming you 're an american blob ) . 
  the eu shows yet again it 's the most progressive and conscientious great power . 
  even if you 're not american and are from some other buttfuck country or even the eu , you seem like a real low education low level worker ( why else would you be against environmental regulation ? ) . 
  so you know , what a great life you have lol . 
  well tbh one of the biggest points of the scottish referendum was the economic argument . 
  that scotland leaving would mean that they 'd also have to leave the eu and it could spell economic disaster for them . 
  so a fundamental factor that led to scotland remaining in the uk has now been flipped by the rest of the uk . 
  kind of a spit in the face to the scottish when you think about it . 
  please move to south florida or the maldives, 
  your whole comment is irrelevant because they were arrested for inciting hatred and recording burning the torah or bible qualifies for that . 
  they were n't arrested because of this bullshit you are spouting . 
  feel free to find an example of a muslim burning a bible/torah in the uk and not being arrested for it , but you wo n't be able to , because that scenario does not exist . 
  lol roasted, 
  the eu referendum was a poorly thought out election gambit by cameron . 
  he gambled our future with the scottish referendum and got lucky . 
  he gambled our future again with brexit and lost . 
  because the conservatives looked set to lose a lot of ground to ukip if he did n't offer a referendum . 
   i know which one was more poorly thought out lol there was no plan ( and still is no plan ) in place for brexit . 
  article 50 has been invoked and the tory 's have wasted months on a snap election that has now completely backfired and no one has a real mandate to negotiate brexit . 
  our nation is negotiating it 's future under a fragile and dysfunctional marriage of convenience between the dup and tory 's . 
  what a fucking disaster . 
  you do n't know anything , this series of tory decisions has actively put us all in a sea of shit and uncertainty for decades to come . 
  the lisbon treaty was just another stepping stone in the eu project and a referendum on the subject would release little pressure to leave the eu . 
  race is just a social construct . 
  is it racist to put signs in a shop window saying ` no blacks no irish ' ? 
  is it racist to kill someone because they are a jew ? 
  was the nazi propaganda against jews not racist ? 
  but how can jews be a race when they are a religious group ? 
  are the irish a race ? 
  are the jews a race ? 
  there are many examples in common parlance where cultures/nationalities/ethnicities / religious minorities are treated with prejudice and that prejudice is widely considered racist . 
  the ` biological race ' that your old man brain is probably conjuring up is found untenable by modern science since the late 19th century . 
  but all of that is besides the point . 
  because the thing that is detestable about racism is that you 're hating someone for benign reasons . 
  the hairs you want to split over what makes a ` biological race ' are fuzzy and indefinable and a complete social construct . 
  so the idea that muslims are n't a race because they are also a social construct ( despite being split among ethnic-cultural groups like arabs , pakistanis and bangladeshis in a similar fashion to the different jewish ethic-cultural groups . ), 
  you think the same thing would n't happen if they burnt a jewish holy book ? 
  is there an example of a muslim burning a bible in the uk and getting away with it ? 
  freedom from poverty . 
  freedom from an over reaching government . 
  freedom to have privacy and not be monitored on the internet . 
  being as the conservatives keep trying to restrict porn and regulate the internet , i guess labour is in favour of retaining those internet freedoms we already have . 
  meanwhile the tory 's just want the freedom to hunt foxes . 
  labour are n't socialists , stop calling them that . 
  they are social democrats , completely different political philosophy . 
  they are politically liberal , in the sense that they want progressive rights and freedom and stuff . 
  they are pretty economically liberal but they do want to nationalise appropriate industries like trains and stuff . 
  because the current situation on that and many other industries that were denationalised is pure shit right now . 
  by the way is this sarcasm i 'm not detecting ? 
  r/europe and r/science are n't for products of the american education system like you bud . 
  so the core concept of a defensive pact is ludicrous ? 
  not really mate . 
  what ? 
  federalists want other federalists in charge and popular in other eu countries ... 
  it seems perfectly logical and above board . 
  that 's not true lol . 
  how do they get to europe ? 
  i 'm assuming they fly and then just overstay their visa ? 
  if they can afford a flight there 's no way in hell they 'd die in their home country . 
  and if they took the land route to europe , that requires a lot of resources ... and surely a trip through pakistan and the middle east is way more dangerous than whatever dangers they face at home . 
  bangladesh is poor but not dangerous . 
  these migrants are not of the poor strata , there 's no justification for them to come here . 
  have you seen that picture of the worlds fattest man from 1910 who is absolutely dwarfed by a ny police officer ? 
  fat is a way of life for them . 
  there 's this really interesting feature on reddit where you can see what subreddits people comment on . 
  it would n't be in keeping with the rich history of political cartoons labelling every metaphor . 
  let me know when you meet a british nationalist from scotland . 
  lol,
