  who let the peasant scum out of t_d ? 
  why ? 
  you can be happy and proud that you live in a good system that empowers it 's citizens more than any other system on earth . 
  the existence of the eu benefit 's small exporter countries like the netherlands immensely . 
  you should be pleased with it . 
  instead of some grumpy old fuck . 
  because we would be a nation of diverse cultures and ethnicities . 
  european ideals are n't compatible with nationalism . 
  nationalism is usually tied up with militarism , racial stuff , authoritarianism . 
  the eu just is n't / ca n't be any of these things . 
  loool . 
  no , the eu came together at the start , as equals who could share a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  wales/scotland/ireland were subjugated by england , one way or another . 
  the eu did n't subjugate anyone . 
  they are totally different entities with totally different reasons for existing . 
  not really . 
  completely depends on what they are marching for . 
  are they marching for far right reasons ? 
  if they are then they 're a far right mob . 
  in this case they 're marching in support of the eu . 
  the antithesis of nationalism , french flags could be mixed in ( and probably were elsewhere ) and it would detract nothing from the march . 
  you realise that whilst temperatures may increase locally in europe due to climate change in the short term . 
  mid-long term if warming continues , the gulf stream that provides all of europe with heated air from the gulf of mexico could be disrupted . 
  this would actually end up making europe much much colder . 
  for instance , to put the heating effect of the gulf stream in context , venice has the same longitude as vladivostok . 
  back in the days before icebreaker ships , vladivostok could n't be used 6 months of the year because the sea in the port froze over ... 
  when was the last time the sea around venice froze ? 
  or to put another way , relatively temperate stockholm has the same longitude as the frozen tundras of the yukon in canada . 
  keep cheering on global warming , it will edge warmer and warmer before the gulf stream is disrupted and your entire country gets an alaskan climate in the space of a few years . 
  are you like the finnish equivalent of a redneck ? 
  do you have those ? 
  finland is a well respected country , do n't make it look bad with your ignorance and arrogance . 
  you realise that whilst temperatures may increase locally in europe due to climate change in the short term . 
  long term if warming continues , the gulf stream that provides all of europe with heated air from the gulf of mexico could be disrupted . 
  this would actually end up making europe much much colder . 
  afterall , madrid has the same longitude as new york . 
  when was the last time it snowed in madrid ? 
  or to put another way , relatively temperate stockholm has the same longitude as the frozen tundras of the yukon in canada . 
  keep cheering on global warming , it will edge warmer and warmer before the gulf stream is disrupted and your entire country gets an alaskan climate in the space of a few years . 
   russia i 'm not sure russia is even in the top 20 . 
  has an economy the size of spain ' lol . 
   what was the point in government running the referendum if they were to go back on it ? 
  do n't know how long you 've lived here , but if you 're aware of what was happening in the last election ; ukip was gaining a lot of traction and looked set to seize a lot of tory seats and split the right wing vote . 
  ukip voters are essentially single-issue voters who only care about leaving the eu . 
  which is rooted in a fear and hatred of immigrants . 
  so david cameron bet the future of this country by promising a referendum , and expecting that remain would win and his gamble would pay off just like it did with scotland . 
  that is the reason they offered the referendum in the first place . 
  not because they give a shit what the people want , but because the tories were in a precarious position and used the referendum as a bargaining chip to win votes . 
   but i 'm not going to contest the outcome of a democratic referendum because that destroys the democratic credentials of the political system . 
  it was a non-binding referendum . 
  we 're a representative democracy , non-binding referendums are not the way we make 99.99 % of our decisions as a nation . 
  referendums are n't this sacred democratic institution , they 're a glorified opinion poll and treating them as anything more , as you are , is intellectually dishonest . 
  also , you 're russian ? 
  it 's in your national interest to have a weakened divided europe . 
  i 'm not surprised you 're fine with this . 
  fascism does n't get a mention either ? 
  i mean , the fascism and communism we all know and love from history were both awful . 
  but it was the fascists who set the ball rolling with ethnic cleansing and invading sovereign nations that started it all . 
  not really , uk , ussr , usa , commonwealth , french africa . 
  all were essential in defeating the axis . 
  if we hypothetically imagine the war happening and get rid of any of these factions , the war is not winnable . 
  without the contributions of relatively smaller parties like polish codebreakers and pilots , french and yugoslavian resistance movements etc. 
  then the war may have dragged on for far longer . 
  ussr paid dearly in human life thanks to their human wave style tactics . 
  but without us equipment , they would not have survived . 
  without the uk/commonwealth/french africa keeping the italians , and some crack german divisions + rommel occupied for most of the war , then the ussr may have fallen . 
  without the us cutting off japanese oil eventually leading them to attack the us , and the uk keeping them occupied in the meantime , they may have decided to push into siberia which may have caused the cowardly stalin to capitulate . 
   people in europe and america protested like crazy . 
  erm , did they ? 
  the fact is , the us set up all those military bases around russia of it 's own accord to preserve it 's own interests . 
  eastern europe did n't hire the us to put troops there . 
  the reason it 's a huge deal for the us to take those troops away or 2 reasons . 
  1 , because it represents that the us is distancing itself from europe , who are historically it 's most powerful allies and make up the bulk of nato . 
  2 , because if russia tries to annex somewhere like the baltic states in a similar fashion to crimea , they will have to attack us troops , which means the us is automatically in the war . 
  it 's a huge deterrent . 
  although the baltics and eastern europe are now in nato , and the us should theoretically come to their aid in the event of an attack , with people like trump in charge who would probably let a baltic annexation slide , who knows . 
  having us troops there guarantees us retaliation . 
  would probably be good for europe to be honest . 
  although russia is a shambles of a country and a complete economic backwater . 
  it does have a large army ( although poorly trained and illequipped ) with lots of cold war era equipment and a nuclear arsenal . 
  in the same way that the external threat of an aggressive france under napoleon iii helped legitimise the need for a united germany . 
  if the us pulled out all it 's troops , it would further legitimise the need for an eu joint military , and further unite the eu against a renewed external threat . 
  with britain gone , the biggest voice against integration within the eu is gone . 
  it 's a real shame we left , and it will damage both parties economically . 
  but i think in the long run it will really benefit the eu politically , as the uk had a reputation of obstructing the eu project at every turn . 
  tldr if the us pulled out of europe it would just act as a catalyst for the ongoing political/economic/military integration of the remaining eu member states . 
   honey possible american . 
  proceed with caution . 
  everyone enjoys a bit of hating americans . 
  but is anyone really advocating the breakdown of the us , like the archetypal conservative american retard advocates the breakdown of the eu ? 
  the answer is no . 
  and as much as i dislike american culture , nationalism , beliefs etc. 
  in general , i 've never felt the impulse to go on their subreddits and troll them . 
  it 's anecdotal but i feel like europeans do n't go to their subreddits and bother them in their natural habitat . 
  why would they ? 
  it does n't * need * us troops there . 
  us troops are just there , so what 's the point in the eu militarising further , against a backwater with an economy smaller than italy 's . 
  a union of 27 countries does n't have to fear 1 country with an economy smaller than 3 of the unions ' members in terms of conventional military conflict . 
  he was a prominent figure in the campaign , a figure that may rallied around and he represented the interests of a large slice of the brexit crowd . 
  what he thinks and says is relevant in the context of the eu and brexit .
