  lol does n't work like that . 
  immigrants have net contributions above white working class . 
  whilst every hundred immigrants contains extra people that use the nhs . 
  it also contains more doctors and nurses per capita than white working class , it contains more workers , less benefits scroungers and consumers who spend more than white working class . 
  they prop up the nhs in every conceivable way . 
  by being overrepresented in medical professions , and by being citizens who pay taxes and stimulate demand by consuming products . 
  as far as economics is concerned it 's just like having a fast growing population , which is considered a good thing . 
  arguing that they 're destroying the nhs is bullshit . 
  being defunded and privatised by the tories is killing the nhs . 
  there are other arguments . 
  you picked a particularly fallacious bullshit one . 
  do they not like , cover german history in your buttfuck flyover state ? 
  i 'm loving guys like you who probably could n't pass middle school history , coming to r/europe and acting like you know more than us . 
  we 're europeans , our populace is far more educated . 
  we know more about the history of our continent than you do . 
   labour was actively running on a platform of unilateral disarmament and getting out of nato at the time . 
  there 's a reason they had their worst defeat right after the falkland war , despite thatcher 's socio-economic policies being impopular at that time . 
  even so , they 're a major political party , they still base their decisions on polling . 
  allowing such a backwater to annex uk territory ( even something as insignificant as the falklands ) would be political suicide , potentially the death of the party . 
  it does n't matter how pro peace a major power 's government is , they do n't just give up territory without retaliation . 
  except any prime minister would 've gone to war with argentina . 
  holding up maggie the milk stealer because she bravely went to war with the worlds 5th strongest military against the 35th strongest military and won , is fucking pathetic . 
  argentina is barely a regional power , to act as if any other prime minister would allow territory to be annexed when nato and america were offering us their support is ludicrous . 
  40 years later and the war is still helping her approval ratings lol . 
  she was a bad woman and sold off much of our energy and manufacturing concerns which promptly relocated or closed down . 
  she fucked over the working class and is therefore partially responsible for all the disenfranchisement which led our poor to vote brexit in protest . 
  i know the whole ` strong leader ' bullshit works really well in developing countries , not so much over here . 
  there were huge celebrations when she died , rightly so . 
  and i genuinely do n't think the death of any other prime minister has been celebrated by the people . 
  free speech is stupid . 
  if you fabricate documents to alter elections or incite hate against people there should be legal consequences . 
  look where free speech has gotten the us . 
  they all fucking hate eachother , their politics is so much more toxic and volatile than ours . 
  also , what 's your flag , bulgaria ? 
  do they have more free speech than western europe or can you still go to prison for insulting the autocrat in charge ? 
  he represents europe 's views about as well as boris johnson represents ours . 
  they 're both baffoons that do n't represent the people . 
  juncker hardly represents europeans or their attitudes , do n't be a douche about it . 
  you may be half joking but i always feel happy for a few days after a bbq with family and friends . 
  british weather is n't really conducive to barbeques though for 9 months of the year . 
   irregardless that american education system though, 
  yeh but it 's not guaranteed and you are n't obligated to take it . 
  so you get shitty low level jobs where they do n't give time off , and high powered corporate law-type jobs where they pull 80 hour weeks and there 's a culture of people who do n't take their time off getting special treatment . 
  either way it 's detrimental to people 's health and happiness . 
  but they have no maternity leave . 
  what the fuck . 
  is n't the whole point of having guns to fight against tyranny ? 
  and yet your government has you working with no paid holidays or parental leave and less time off work than the fucking japanese lol . 
  i wonder why the eu has less happiness than north america/nz/aus . 
  we have the best benefits , maybe it 's a cultural thing or because weather is so shit for most of the continent . 
  negotiators and politicians on both sides keep insulting and making negative statements about eachother . 
  usually i 'm not for the whole false equivalency ` both sides are as bad as each other ' schtick . 
  but in this case , both sides keep insulting eachother . 
  one major difference is may slings insults but also plays the victim and pretends she 's acting in good faith when eu politicians insult her back lol . 
  well then these people should n't take it so personally if the eu throws it 's own weight around to get the best deal out of a bad situation that britain instigated . 
  i do n't understand what may is saying . 
  when an eu politician insults britain it just causes more people to rally to may . 
  there is no logic in what she 's saying . 
  may is playing you . 
  she keeps talking negatively about the eu and trying to construct an ` us vs them ' narrative to gain more votes in this election she 's called . 
  does n't may also keep making negative statements towards the eu . 
  souring relations is good for her because it unites more brits against the eu . 
  that makes no sense . 
  whenever may or the eu comment negatively on eachother , it just unites more people against the eu . 
  may has previously made many negative comments about the eu in order to sour relations and give her a big mandate in the election . 
  she called the election , her party called the referendum that got us into this mess . 
  the eu is just doing whatever is in the interest of it 's remaining member states . 
  so losing respect for the eu over their damage control in a situation they did n't even instigate is ridiculous . 
   some definitions of safe like the likelihood of dying in a country ? 
  i know when i 'm chilling in britain or germany , nothing that happens in ukraine will directly affect me . 
  but when i 'm in florida i know they shoot tourists . 
  what food was it ? 
  was it from food poisoning , or was it just too spicy ? 
  was there a specific meal that fucked you up for the whole trip ? 
  restaurant food or food you bought at a supermarket ? 
  i get why 'd you 'd be iffy going to paris . 
  even then it 's like 1 terror attack per year that kills like 10 people . 
  in contrast there 's a homicide every day in chicago . 
  florida is a tourist hotspot and that 's a pretty dangerous state . 
  berlin gets an attack like once every 5 years . 
  same for london , europe is pretty damn safe . 
  i mean , are n't mass shootings wayyy more common in america and way more deadly in terms of the amount of human life lost . 
  add to that that some have happened in cinemas/malls which tourists may visit . 
  has amsterdam * ever * had an islamic terror attack ? 
  lol . 
  i know terrorist attacks are scary and all . 
  but quantifiably , america is far more dangerous than europe . 
  homicide rate is 50x higher in the us than in germany . 
  someone forgot to take their anti-psychotics today . 
  that 's not how logic works moron . 
  i mean . 
  so you presumably have a masters in mechanical engineering + 3 ( ? ), 
  years studying robotics . 
  firstly , for someone who 's supposed field is robotics , you 're initial argument was just linking to a lite-science article . 
  you did n't explain why robots wo n't take x % of jobs from the perspective of a robotics phd . 
  like , why wo n't they ? 
  is there some brick wall ahead of us technologically that i 'm not seeing ? 
  is there some reason that a designed mechanical configuration could n't supersede humans in every way in the context of all jobs ? 
  i 'm interested to know why robots wo n't take 10/20 % of jobs . 
  because in the few automation/robotics modules i took , we looked at machine vision , processing , coding , flexible automation etc.
