  the bird was completely forgotten at that point . 
  the classic bmw kidney grille was no longer in its place , it was filled with dead pheasant with it 's head casually lying on the bumper . 
  sort of modern surreal art . 
   is it true there are countries where you ca n't get alcohol 24/7 ? 
  i guess it will start a civil war if anyone just mention there could be a law restricting when to sell alcohol, 
  no , we do n't eat them, 
  any ofac action is just adding a shitload of work for me . 
  i will become zombie and just bite everyone during doing `` graaagh ! '', 
  sounds . 
  which is basically what i do every morning, 
  crossout , pubg , survarium , battlefield1 , gta online, 
  almost no regulation on selling . 
  around 3.6 eur for camel, 
  nothing to see here unless you want to do a suspension stress test and see how is rapeseed and electricity grown, 
  did not notice mcdonalds but i seen so many pharmacies , it was like every single street has at least three of them . 
  uh what ? 
  kfc is here since 1994, 
  many times, 
  the butthurt russians accepted mission back in 1968 is still strong with older generation . 
  but [ we can ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/gs-geo-images/809e72fb-a0ca-449d-85dc-23a0c44b989a_l.jpg ), 
  really weird habits up there, 
  you do n't do it in front of cops and that 's all, 
  germany - euros , lot of them , jobs , cheap shopping and quality austria - `` small germany '' they do n't like our nuclear power plants officially . 
  unofficially getting electricity from us all the time ( currently 750mw ) poland - cheating christian weirdos slovakia - hysterical younger sisters, 
  hockey i guess . 
  maybe more popular than football itself . 
  our army is within european `` by the force '' top 10 for some weirdo statistics reason . 
  i think it is because 14 supersonic fighters for our needs ... 
  never seen anyone dividing protestants into groups here . 
  for me , they are simple christians . 
  i do n't need any sub division, 
  there is not much anyone can change . 
  there are lot of paths for cycling but they are sporty or touristic . 
  the city is on 9-10 hills so daily commuting would be an insane tour de france for majority, 
  not much . 
  city is not friendly for daily commuting, 
  we are an atheist country . 
  religion is something you do at home or in closed party . 
  visible display to be a part of it is somehow considered as rude and not adapting to our culture . 
  demanding exceptions due to religion reason is also a no-no, 
  our country is not interesting , the economy is not like in germany , uk or generally richer western europe . 
  high level of bureaucracy . 
  we are not popular destination for anyone . 
  to your question : majority does n't want muslims here . 
  it is 1:1 for my country . 
  they do n't want to be in our shithole , majority does n't want muslim people here, 
  it looks like normal popcorn . 
  am i right ? 
  do you heat it up before eating ? 
  dostihy a sazky which means horse racing & stakes . 
  the way how socialism deal with monopoly copyright . 
  it is basically monopoly in horse racing setup but you can bet against field opponent has , so if you hit it he will pay, 
  interesting a person ( woman ) with plastic water bottle is a more or less us stereotype here , as it was us tourist/expacts who were seen first walking around city with water bottle . 
  because it is utterly stupid i guess . 
  from czech point of view , being czech means accepting czech citizenship or being born and raised here . 
  a child of czech emigrants would be questionable but somehow still accepted but because of grandparents or even grand-grand it is pretty no ~ no nonsense . 
  if we compare european history and us history within same timeframe , let 's say since us declaration of independence . 
  we have around 250 years . 
  map of europe was changed many times during this time . 
  i could easily say i am 1/4 german just because it was a germany for a while during 38 ~ 45 , but apparently when my grands were born . 
  and it is just 75 years . 
  going into 1/16 and further there must be plenty of people around europe who can say i am 1/16 something for exact same reason . 
  maybe that 's why, 
  they started to accept scanning a display or just giving some code recently here . 
  but it was same crazy shit with printing out some time ago . 
  i even paid for trip twice as i did n't notice i need to present some id when ticket was checked on board . 
  i can understand this in case of student/disabled whatever discount to proof i am the right person for discount but it was default ticket without any discounts . 
  no id required when purchased at station or in train . 
  oh a and paying online for prague public transport ? 
  drives me nuts every month . 
  physical travelling to somewhere i never need to go is involved . 
  and i have 24 hours to do it or my transaction will be canceled ... and they do n't just block the amount on the card , they clear it automatically so canceling transaction means you have to wait for money several days ... 
  yes , but like many others i was less than six or so , i ca n't recall any story if there was any . 
  it is in the wildest part of our country , i know it is not an excuse but everything is possible there . 
  hearing i am * xxx * ian because your grand grand whatever escaped from europe during age of steam is annoying, 
  wait , there is a taboo on pizza ? 
  [ like you ca n't put a sauerkraut and eidam on pizza ?? 
  it is 2017 here already , our highways are covered by cameras and other `` car counting '' technologies so authorities are aware about traffic online and this info is passed to public . 
  and there is a smartphone in almost every car now so traffic info and info about jams is pretty precise on apple maps / google maps here . 
  as other said heli is just a status symbol . 
  really useless these days . 
  we had a plane doing this recently , not a news company plane , which did daily trip but it was canceled as ineffective ( and they destroy two planes during landing , this could contribute to stopping this service as well ) we have some police chases in tv but not a live broadcast so it is always an aftermatch and with two possible scenarios . 
  police fuck things badly ( i.e. 
  beating a suspect etc ) or something complete insignificant happen in some middle of nowhere shithole like drunken guy thinks his wagon is offroad when escaping which is covered by tabloids media, 
  around 90 , i think 95 . 
  with so, 
  let 's kill all moravians using rifle instead of jeans, 
  it all started bunch of friends won some creative competition and they got highway billboard for some time as a price . 
  they had no idea what to put there and found this pub idea from years ago in a drawer . 
  people start to demand the product which does n't exists . 
  there were lot of shittalks about . 
  but people wanted it so they decided to do some limited production . 
  but the design is very close to design of a book ( a fiction about hitler woke in current era , ca n't recall the name right now ) so they had to close it . 
  very common , but not where i live, 
  kiwi not really for buying tickets , they are usually cheaper elsewhere , but for good engine with lot of search options . 
  booking or expedia for hotels, 
  looks like we are winning this pool . 
  my brain hurts , 
  there was an attempt to create a milk kefir drink called kefirer , which is phonetical version of ke-f\u00fchrer . 
  you need to check [ the bottle ] ( http://vsluh.net/uploads/images/2016/290/org_mvmr938.jpg ) for effect .
