  but i have to agree with almost everything . 
  i really do n't need to know waitress name , telling her mine and explaining what i did today . 
  ( unless we are going to end up in the bed , obviously  ) ) alcohol was a big wtf for me too . 
  from id checks to purchasing alcohol in brown paper bags . 
  prices displayed without tax in shops !!!, 
  wtf again . 
  you should be worried no rental company is going to rent you a car for this . 
  hertz hungary has this in their terms : hertz vehicles can not be driven into and/or dropped off in any african , asian or middle-east countries , nor in albania , armenia , azerbaijan , belarus , georgia , greece , kyrgyzstan , moldova , russia , turkey , ukraine or any island.hertz vehicles can not be driven into and/or dropped off in any african , asian or middle-east countries , nor in albania , armenia , azerbaijan , belarus , georgia , greece , kyrgyzstan , moldova , russia , turkey , ukraine or any island . 
  other companies are the same . 
  you have really low chance to rent a car in eu and leave eu with it ( except switzerland ) if you will find some , you will pay shitload of money for it . 
   on temperatures i simply gave up and treated them as fantasy numbers . 
  this !, 
  lebanon , syria , jordan , israel , turkey , india , pakistan , thailand , malaysia , singapore , indonesia , usa , canada i am not going to elaborate details as it was pretty different to be in one country from the list for 2 months long business trip and 2 weeks holidays in other . 
  no i would not . 
  i was working for uk companies ( investment banking , exchange trading software and similar stuff ) from 1997 till end of 2015 . 
  i spent shitload of time in london , was taxed there for couple of years as i was only there or somewhere else on business trips . 
  definitely love london and i would say yes two three years ago without any issues . 
  not now . 
  i am still in the same industry but working for germans whole this year . 
  they radically reduce uk branch ( couple of hundreds people off ) and in fact i was hired to replace uk guys . 
  same situation is in whole our industry , not only in our company . 
  no reason to go to uk now . 
  try to ask again in three years when it will be stabilized and i will say yes or no depends how it will look . 
  my opinion : pm may ` our laws will be made not in brussels , but in westminster ' menas ` brussel will made directive or guideline , westminster will do law according to it ' ( like in norway ) and not much will change . 
  hard to say without naming at least 15 types/brands , depends on usage . 
  i do n't care if it is real parmesan or grana padano but both ca n't be replaced with emmentaler and so on . 
  this, 
  i do n't have time for this , 
  anything less than 400km = car , plane for the rest . 
  we do n't have real high speed trains here . 
  yep . 
  it is not a buliding . 
  and despite fact zizkov tower is cool , there are higher structures in this country . 
  chvaletice power plaint chimney 300 meters . 
  liblice radio tower 350 . . 
  https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_tower 116 meters , 27 floors, 
  there is nothing like that , everything is up to personal taste . 
  anything from 1400 and before which is not on any unesco or tripadvisor list . 
  yep , we can split europe into wine/beer/vodka / other booze land and it will fit perfectly , 
  most probably , when buying cheese , sausages and salamis , meat , vegetables we always ask for decagrams instead of grams . 
  ( we just short it to deka , ie 20 deka of this cheese instead of 200 grams ) and no one will order 200 milliliters of wine instead of 2 deciliters ( 2 deci of white wine ... ) it is also used in recipes , but i ca n't recall any other everyday usage . 
  hmm interesting as we that `` the asian steppe begins ... '' too but a bit more east  . 
  ... sent from european side ... 
  if you want to be correct , you need to check it with german law and policy , not eu . 
  but this thing is not against any law as far as i know but might be and probably is against policies of airlines . 
  no one will ask for passport number during ticket purchasing . 
  this info is sometimes requested during check-in . 
  this can be done online or directly at the airport . 
  so there are two choices , your character will use second passport number during checking and everything is fine . 
  or character will use 2nd passport without changing info . 
  and based on my personal experience where i showed complete different id for boarding than was used during check-in because passport was somewhere deep in baggage and id card ready in my phone wallet no one will give a fuck . 
  you could check with / r/aviation where can be some gate agents but i think they have just list of passenger names and checking it against id . 
  if name match what is on id , and face match id photo , it is fine . 
  yep pretty safe , i do n't think so anything worse than human centipede can happen, 
  we are not chechnya ( and ww2 was last war here ), 
  `` first off , i ca n't believe how cheap it is to fly between eu countries . 
  count yourselves lucky '' there is n't a big difference between us/ca and eu . 
  just distances are shorter in eu so it looks cheaper to you . 
  and keep your shoes on during security check at airport . 
  it is not required in europe , you will look silly and slow down everyone ... 
  in final year of high school ? 
  mainly unexcused absences classes, 
  well their coaches are pretty comfy but i do n't think so it is anywhere close to what you know from canada and/or us try / r/czech / r/prague or / r/prague2 which are three main czech subs . 
  regiojet is offering best service both in rails and coaches here in czech rep. so you can probably sell that credit ( if possible ), 
  i am not german ( but significant part of my family is ) nor russian ( but been there many times , worked with lot of russian ( and ex ussr members ) etc. 
  - it is not just russian language , you can see this in almost every european language ( especially if they were not in war with germany or austriahungary for ages ) anyway , if you go back into history , you will find russia helped liberating germany during napoleonic wars back in 1810 and russia and germany were really friendly till ww1 . 
  so basically during that `` russian culture boom '' with all these pushkins , tchaikovkys , chekhovs , etc. 
  russia and germany were friends . 
  - '' pretending to be german on vacations abroad '' how is this visible ? 
  been abroad on vacations with my german part of family many times . 
  seen russian people on vacation abroad many times ( anyway , both are abroad when in my country ) never seen such a thing which should say russians are pretending to be german . 
  i 've seen just russians being proud ( or/and ignorant ) they are russians but definitely not pretending being from somewhere else . 
  - `` russians who wan na be german or move to the country and live there '' - any ` nationality ; who wan na be ` insert another nationality ' move to the country and live there . 
  this is n't anything russia - german relation . 
  this is called migration ( emigration from russian view , immigration from german one ) - russians adoring german trademarks . 
  well russians adoring any trademark and they are adoring tracksuit pants and hoodie as universal dress code for 99.99 % occasions . 
  ( do n't ask me why ) with this perspective , you will always see adidas , puma or nike . 
  where only nike is from us , rest is german and usa vs ussr is still a thing . 
  a regular russian will still choose toyota landcruiser over big bmw or mercedes . 
  ( if you really want to see what is an adoring of german trademarks , visit albania and start counting all mercedes cars you will see ... ), 
  because it is not a train at all , it is just a bus . 
  regiojet.cz operates trains just in czech republic & slovakia, 
  alcoholics suicides, 
  just several hundreds of thousands for regular wholesale cocaine delivery . 
  usd / czk was oscillating between 14.48 and 26.02 czk per 1 usd so no real reason to hoard more, 
  sick , 
  search in polish is fuck in czech road in polish is narcotic in czech ( which makes all these signs with road automobile assistance and whole polish road system looks like a dope heaven  ), 
  just a sidenote , you are not wrong with kurva . 
  anything fizzy and / or fruity but except coke, 
  root , but it is pretty obvious it will be same in our countries, 
  it is same stupid as outside of europe, 
  more or less same here . 
  some of state channels has some meteo background . 
  never heard about anyone from commercial . 
  there is one guy in commercial with pretty strong meteo background , also holds pilot license where meteo knowledge is mandatory ( source : i have this shit too ) but he is doing news in general , not the meteo part . 
  ( but he is doing daily main news so probably has some influence into weather ), 
  in a simple words it is completely impossible to have so tight connection between church and state ( or educational system ) like in poland . 
  same here , in a simple words , around 10 % is fine . 
  for better atmosphere and immersion you should piss over that birthday present pic . 
  if you print it using some known 3d technology , you can call it 4d present ,
