  lol, 
  gell\u00e9rt thermal bath, 
  [ goose looking like this one ] ( http://www.medovit.cz/images/recepty/th_svatomartinska_husa1_800x600.jpg ) as is has to be around 11 . nov, 
  yeh , right season, 
  do you know when this was enforced last time ? 
  and when you get caught and punished , it is not your fault but failure of your lawyer , 
  neither me , and to be honest i never drive in france . 
  and i ca n't agree with your explanation . 
  a person sitting in the car has almost whole body hidden . 
  you can see just head and shoulders when approaching the car . 
  the rest is hidden behind steering wheel and dashboard . 
  a violent person can prepare some violent shit ( with some sort of gun ) and just wait for police man near his window . 
  this is pretty hard to do when you are standing outside of car and police can see whole body . 
  should i edit my first entry to `` except france '' , 
  there is no such reason here . 
  if it is dangerous to step out of the car for you during pull over it is dangerous for the police to step out of the car too . 
  such a thing will never happen here . 
  in case they need you to pull over in dangerous place like highway , they will use `` follow me '' light and pull over will happen on safe place like highway rest or fuel station . 
  everyone who spend here at least one week , 
  no it is not funny that you are literally everywhere , 
  stepping out of the car during pull over . 
  nope , i just do n't want to pay more in case they are charging card fees to the customer or keep this rip off on their side . 
  i have no real profit from using a card for payment . 
  it 's real last option for me . 
  for example if i need to buy something i would rather withdraw from the atm and use cash instead card itself . 
  first i do n't need to keep a track of myself . 
  ( i am not paranoid , not doing anything wrong and i have my phone in pocket all the time so it is quite easy to track me  far enough google ad sense has pretty good sense offering me things i bought week ago  second my usual ` shopping basket ' is from small stores around or pubs not accepting cards or so small they prefer cash . 
  not really for the eet reason but they are loosing something like 2-5 % on transaction if they do n't charge it to me . 
  and there are items which shops ca n't sell with this profit . 
  i am simple not going to punish shops where i want to buy items regularly . 
  third , security , pretty hard to explain as this is covered by mastercard or visa itself , my card was cloned several times , money are back on account available sooner than bank and mc/visa are able to issue and deliver the new card but ... 
  still have to admit i am working for one big bank and have some background info . 
  fourth : too lazy to find something but i can if you want , 
  the purpose of visegrad group is just to piss of remaining eu members , nothing all . 
  ( google ` visegrad group immigrants ' for example ) we do n't have any mutual interests with hungary . 
  the primary purpose of v4 ( which was actually v3 at the moment when it was created , due to czech and slovaks were together in one country ) was just for cooperation during abandoning comecon and warsaw pact and become eu members ( and nato members ) . 
  all of this happen 10-15years ago . 
  so you are not missing anything unless you want your country to be a member of the european troublemakers , 
  99.99999 % of my payments are cash and the rest are bank transfers and debt . 
  card which are basically bank transfers too . 
  but used only when cash payment is impossible like amount in cash would be against the law ( 10000 eur per day currently ) or international payments . 
  thus i am not going to visit any cashless nordic countries , 
  never been asked for shoes off except usa, 
  the sales tax not on price tags bank check or whole bank sector in us, 
  easily , public transport is perfect here , it costs around 15eur to cross whole city with taxi . . 
  and asking for advice how to smuggle this way is asking for bad luck . 
  they know company now , they know when ... 
  us : first i was asked for id when entering club as no one under 21 ( which is also drinking age there ? ), 
  is not allowed to enter . 
  then i was asked during first order at bar . 
  ok , door guys are doing poor job here or can be bribed easily . 
  but i was carded during any subsequent order from same girl !, 
  and we went through that us chit chat `` how are you , where are you from '' , but `` one more beer for european , can i see your id again '' seriously wtf ?? 
  sales tax was included at least , so it was not full wtf , 
  in a short : it is not so stupid as it is in us, 
  young people are basically against everything, 
  prague , living in a building `` just '' from 1906 , but it is all around ... 
  nope, 
  roasted goose and st. martin 's wine ftw !, 
  nope . 
  this was worst possible way how to sell milk . 
  [ northern moravia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/krajsm.png ) is probably most redneck part of our small country . 
  awesome , these guys working at support role , thanks a lot . 
  we are still resisting to that shit . 
  exactly , first time in us ( chicago by the way , so city with pretty strong czech backround , cermak is on every corner etc. . ) day 2 or 3 in the office . 
  `` hey we bring you some kolaches so you do n't feel alone here . 
  it is from your country and we love it here '' me : `` excuse me , but what the fuck is this ? '', 
  personally i would choose munich & burges, 
  as far as i know civilization vi is able to declare war with your character to your nation ( with side effect all allies will declare war to you automatically ) so i am waiting for some major fix . 
  battlefield 1 + heroes & generals from shooters there is still something to explore in fallout4 ( but not much , i am level 80something ) rocketleague with wife against some random scrubs from internet and yes , texas holdem all the time , 
  need details on that cursed words ( working with quite a lot with indian people , it would be fun , 
  oppression already forgotten, 
  it is interesting how quark is uncommon outside our area . 
   k\u00e4sekrainer when i want anything like this ( with cheese ) i always choose `` made in austria '' products when available ( which is not a big problem ), 
  +1 for smazak, 
  no , you are not missing that crap . 
  trust me . 
  it is a cheapo communist try to fake a cola . 
  made from coffee roasting leftover in pharmaceutical company . 
  ( back before 1990 , now it is some greece-polish holding or so ) . 
  no one is drinking that except that part of cz where it was born ( northern moravia ) . 
  if you see anyone drinking kofola in my part of country , it is something like 5:1 drinker is from there . 
  usual answer in pubs when ask `` do you have k. '' is `` no , we are lucky , we do n't '', 
  the power to piss off anyone around, 
  and [ this ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/hotel_don_giovanni ) hotel which looks like teleported from middle east . 
  til candy corn exists, 
  this http://www.vhu.cz/english-summary/ maintained somehow by military . 
  aviation museum is a more or less scrapyard with some exceptions like first jet fighter messerschmitt me 262 . 
  lesany display is pretty good [ some pic . 
  but text is cz only ] ( http://www.vhu.cz/muzea/zakladni-informace-o-vtm-lesany/expozice-vtm-lesany/ ) [ czechoslovak border fortifications ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_border_fortifications ) the czechoslovak government built a system of border fortifications , as well as some fortified defensive lines inland , from 1935 to 1938 as a defensive countermeasure against the rising threat of nazi germany . 
  the objective of the fortifications was to prevent the taking of key areas by an enemy ( not only germany but also hungary and poland ) by means of a sudden attack before the mobilization of the czechoslovak army could be completed , and to enable effective defense until allies ( britain and france and possibly the soviet union ) could help . 
  it was sort of maginot line but it did not worked at all because of these `` allies '' . 
  makes sense  so basically same as middle east thing , w123 240 mercedes outlives anything else except toyota hilux/4runner, 
  haha , wife had 1st generation of a , 160 if i remember correctly , it was ugly and that sound is unforgettable, 
  yes , do n't know why i wrote atlas  thanks, 
  the top gear was albania i was in albania couple of times and the number of mercedes cars around is simple incredible . 
  even middle east countries with m-b w123 as default taxi car ca n't beat albania . 
  sidenote : something like 10 years ago , ca n't recall exactly i was returning from business trip back to prague via stuttgart ( mercedes city for these who does n't know ) . 
  i was sitting next to some asian wealthy business man ( again , ca n't recall country but it was hongkong or taiwain as far as i remember correctly , something related to china ) . 
  he was huge fan of m-b cars , telling me these are rare and expensive as fuck at his place and he is going to order his own blahblahblah , being a bimmer guy back in time i did n't care a much .
