  no surprise we have exact same tucet but you will hardly see this in these times except old movies . 
  it goes somewhere back to austrohungarian emire and counting with base of 12 . 
  we still have some items sold by tucet ( or pul tucet ) like eggs , some drinks etc. 
  but no one will say `` buy me a tucet of ... '' instead of `` buy me a 12 or 6 of . . '', 
  indefinite and definite articles as we do n't have them and it looks to us as complete useless . 
  present perfect tense , same as articles , we do n't have this at all . 
  pronunciation - probably only language using latin alphabet but pronunciation is something complete different from what you see/write, 
  cesky krumlov , karlovy vary ( or basically almost every bath city except teplice  , kutna hora , liberec, 
  around 1.6 eur for 0.5 l, 
  no place for coca cola man here as well, 
  and do n't forgot that `` end is near '' because 20 refugees can be placed here . 
  even they will leave within a week when they found where are they, 
  better , and i did n't do obvious istanbul + sea holiday places but more . 
  -4 outside , went into office where it was more or less like / u/graf _ lcky wrote . 
  not joining `` lets see how is gl\u00fchwein tody '' group because -4 outside . 
  going to eat [ some duck ] ( http://data.labuznik.cz/labuznik/images/640x480/14711.jpg ) with couple of beers . 
  i know german who worked for stasi . 
  some really distant relative like son of cousin of my aunt . 
  seen him couple of times in-between 1985-89 . 
  he was after military service and everyone in family knew he is working for them but no one went into details, 
  still nothing . 
  but i have to say popularity of spencer hill and fantozzi was simple due to `` western '' movies were really limited here during iron curtain times so basically anything from west was really appreciated . 
  for some reason we had mainly italian and france movies . 
  spencer & hill were popular here too . 
  toto and anything from 50 does n't ring a bell . 
  thank you colonel obvious . 
  nah , i am referring latest south park season . 
  let 's surprise some italians . 
  most famous italian `` brand '' ( except obvious ferrari etc ) is fantozzi . 
  yes , these movies are well known here , especially fantozzi contro tutti which was screened since iron curtain times and became a bit cult movie . 
  ( and then , after 20 years in same industry , i was accidentally drafted into italy owned corporate . 
  it took me week or two to find out these movies are not comedy but based or real stories ! ), 
  i would like to know how many people here thinks panzani pasta is an italian brand ... 
  you are not from denmark , you are not supposed to find trolls . 
  hockey i think, 
  the way americans pretends taxes does n't exists ( ie not displaying prices with tax ) is just funny . 
  then they spent shitload of money when doing mess in middle east, 
  i would say you kicked cech outside of your country due to low climbing skills , 
  nah , just trolling australians with usual questions like if they 're riding kangaroos to school , how do they feel in europe when everything is upside down etc, 
  when the world use teflon or non-stick but german goes with polytetrafluoroethylene . 
  do n't tell me that the purpose of german language is to fit all available knowledge of the mankind into one single word . 
  i was there ( as a tourist ) . 
  which made the question about my thoughts much harder, 
  yes . 
  at least here . 
  the third one ( contro tutti ) was screened during iron curtain times at least once per year . 
  for some reason it was only one during that time . 
  the rest of movies were here too but later . 
  third one is somehow a bit cult movie here . 
  and then i worked for an italian company and it is all bases on true stories . 
  usual response ? 
  `` do you have a mobile with you ? 
  call it to anyone who cares then '', 
  i do n't think so czech beer is worth mentioning on worldwide scene but i agree with that casting speed, 
  and meanwhile `` anti-asad rebels were equipped by us '' + three days later `` anti-asad rebels flied to isis with all us equip ... 
  ahh , pizza hawaii ( usually written as hawai , or havaj ) is a bit a thing here . 
  obviously ham & pineapple, 
  unfortunately yes . 
  german speaking italy , known from one fantozzi movie , 
  +5 to all theft skills, 
  every two or three weeks we can hear `` last hospital in aleppo was bombed '' and this goes over two years . 
  i think i seen about 50 `` last '' hospitals, 
  this is probably only worldwide one . 
  bolognese ragu should be with some wide pasta not spaghetti , at least italians says so and every serious recipe too . 
  also it looks to me any spaghetti with minced meat , tomato sauce and cheese are bolognese . 
  ( there should be celery etc ), 
  and we have russians wheels ( ferris wheels ), 
  confusing , but at least makes sense, 
  they ca n't drink . 
  i was working in uk during their `` prohibition '' and when this goes off . 
  the problem was till 2005 selling of alcohol was possible just to 23:00 ( some additional license , probably expensive as fuck , was needed if you want a drink after 23:00 ) which practically means there was a bell in each pub , used at 23:00 means no more drinks . 
  you can stay with soft drinks or gtfo . 
  ( any uk redditor , feel free to correct me ) sidefect was everyone was trying to be as drunk as possible till 23:00 . 
  i clearly remember tv articles , news articles ( usually tabloids ) just before this rule was changed . 
  it was always something `` the end is near ! '', 
  and so on with some pictures od drunken people trying to say `` it will look like that there everywhere since now '', 
  yes , sailing must be a thing too . 
  get a `` voditelj brodice kategorija b '' in day or two and be a sea master , 
  yes exactly this , including socks with sandals . 
  peter file, 
  better if croatians do this  i am not usual traveler ( and been there just one , on mali lo\u0161inj for two nights ) but for majority it means load a car with shitload of food ( because obviously they are not eating anything outside of czech republic ) and being stupid in mountains ( we do n't have real mountains here , just hills , 
  [ these pants :( ] ( https://www.expats.cz/content_files/423/rejoice.jpg ) local backpackers brand usually comes together with stupid petty crimes like stealing blankets from airplane , abusing return policies in markets etc. . 
  from my atheist perspective pledge under god sounds for me same funny , silly and stupid as pledge under * enter your favorite disney character * i ca n't imagine i would be forced to say this without any consequences, 
  exact this , looking at your flag it has to be something from hungarian empire as usual, 
  croatia for pissing them off how dumb we can be : ), 
  as usual same thing across the border . 
  pure lard or oten it is mixed with pork rinds as a type of spread , and served with bread . 
  wow , it is called `` sl\u0103nin\u0103 '' in romanian ?? 
  same thing is called slanina in czech . 
  til romanian language is n't compete gibberish , 
  exchange is the word you are looking for . 
  ftfy, 
  same here, 
  kazakhstan greatest country in the world all other countrys are run by little girls . 
  kazakhstan number one exporter of potassium !, 
  other countries have inferior potassium . 
  kazakhstan home of the tinshein swimming pool it 's length thirty metre ans width six metre . 
  filtration system a marvel to behold it removes 80 percent of human solid waste . 
  kazakhstan , kazakhstan , you very nice place , from plains of tarashenk to northern fence of jewtown . 
  kazakhstan , friend of all except uzbekistan , they very nosey people withe bone in theire brain .
