from pub perspective this means almost nothing  my wife is working in a downtown bar ( good tripadvisor reviews , opened till 4-5 am etc , so often visited by tourists ) . 
  national popularity is measured by tipping and nothing else  ( and by ability to make an order and not being complete idiot  ) ) ca n't recall what was said about you ( which is more or less good  ), 
  exactly , give it some time and all eu passport will look same and will have just different language inside . 
  more or less exact same what is happening with driving licenses and id cards right now . 
  the contribution of us/ca tourists into all eu inbound tourism is not so important as you maybe think . 
  there is pretty big number of chinese people matching each us/ca tourist and this number will grow . 
  both us and ca are safe countries from eu perspective so visa would be most probably something like visa on arrival or simple web form ... on the other hand getting my us visa was pain in the ass even it was completely arranged by my employer as a business trip, 
  most probably somewhere around indian/ukrainian . 
  we are just sick weirdos , 
  no problem to do this here . 
  except we do n't have turkish walls ( just ` other nations walls ' ), 
  can confirm this , living and working in prague downtown, 
  prague , from 2.5 eur , season starts now . 
  ... a country which does n't exists for 97 years , 6 months , 21 days ... 
  sugar cubes + ship propeller + blood group system, 
  the czechoslovakia how you know it ( 1918-1939 + 1945-1992 ) was an artificial construct ( see / u/kristynaz for reasons ) and it was always separated whenever possible . 
  we had about 6 or 7 official names in this less than 70 years old history because it always started with czech leaving slovaks behind . 
  we have almost identical language which means we can share a lot but does n't mean we are same culture who wants to live together . 
  slovaks see us usually as `` their brothers '' sadly we do n't see them as our brothers but more or less as younger sisters, 
  poland with higher number than slovakia is more interesting than difference between czech and slovak . 
  but i think world still think we have a lot of common because we were in `` one '' country for a really short period of time . 
  i did something like 500km detour from original route just to see that . 
  complete worthy, 
  as you can see they are using dragons as toasters not as doom machines, 
  is the photo from the incident ? 
  czech finance minister who is economical immigrant in czech republic says there is no place for migrants . 
  no , the other one ( which is first in alphabet )  we had similar plans but it was mainly for technical positions . 
  brexit added speed to that process and included business roles not only technical . 
  i am working for one german bank , we already moved more than 100 positions from london back to eu, 
  so you think you can stone me and spit in my eye ? 
  get anything with glonass , works better at 50 deg . 
  northern and above . 
  if it is not some pure russia military device it will be coupled with gps . 
  so basically 9 birds in view all the time , faster , better at northern position . 
  czech out our lion . 
  it is not a doubletailed lion but a lion hiding in another lion ass . 
  which totally rings the bell with `` ca ( that l ) ka '' because both are starting with c , 
  nope . 
  i do n't even know what to do with that crossed l. 
  understood , card payments are common thing here just for a short time , so i guess there was not a big need for changing the equipment . 
  these exists here as well , but they are really rare . 
  i ca n't recall when my card was fully swiped and not just read the chip . 
  but my point was more or less there is no bank issuing card without chips these days ( at least in my country ) and some banks does n't have `` without contactless chip '' option at all . 
  i am surprised it makes a sense in hungarian . 
  polish gibberish was n't a surprise on other hand, 
  yeah , but only alt code i remember is alt-92 , 
  to be honest i have no idea  i did simple copypasta job , 
  well we usually roll banknotes for `` you know what i mean '' in my country , definitely nothing with some white powder or so . . ok this is way to go, 
  i think it is not possible to have a card without chip these days . 
  26.6 \u00b0 world ftfy ( and celsius was swedish ), 
  i guess he did n't chews over his next move this time, 
  it is actually about boots from uk which is just owned by us company . 
  the quickest route when visiting my father who lives in exact same country is to drive through two different other countries . 
  ( poland and germany ), 
  i know , we have [ own version ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) i am probably tired to see this over and over again , 
  ah another ww2 butthurt . 
  get over it, 
  lot of bunkers like one per 4 people . 
  the place where all mercedes cars are sent before death, 
  these are perfect filled , either with meat or not , and if it it that spicy one , really really spicy than it is heaven . . oh i have to check if there are some hungarian or slovak spicy-as-fuck paprika available around ... 
  cool still remember how it looks like during east germany era, 
  wiki says knowing lore from jesus christ superstar comic book is counted towards grade point average ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_education ) and you are in eu as well . 
  not a big difference, 
  had a call from vodafone today about new tariffs with 10gb in whole eu or something like that, 
  polish because of w and c followed by z ( even twice ), 
  yes , they lost the war, 
  the only country which did not accept czech republic after splitting czechoslovakia in 1993 ( they finally accepted czech republic in 2009 ), 
   gave up a tiny sliver of land to poland recently . 
  this is not fully settled yet, 
   clients should n't be forced to choose between going to the pub and inhale the smoke or not going altogether clients should n't be forced and client were not forced . 
  till yesterday it was mandatory to have a sign if the place allows smoking or not . 
  i am not worried at all . 
  all places i am visiting stays as smoking places , just unofficially now . 
  nope, 
  i did n't point a gun on them and forced them to stay there if they have a problem with it . 
  it was their decision to visit a smoking bar so why i should i bother ? 
  and i am just describing what happened yesterday  `` can i have an order ? 
  yes but wait i am going to smoke right now '', 
  yep , and we are dealing with this unimportant shit, 
  as far as i know they will create smoking areas like other airports have, 
  believe or not the people who work there could be also smokers . 
  so next time when waiting for beer you need to accept they have smoke break now and you have to wait longer . 
  do n't worry . 
  you will still find these places , just not everywhere . 
  not at all, 
  well , actually this happen yesterday, 
  sorry but there is nothing just downvote for trdelnik . 
  it is so czech as starbucks, 
   get butthurt when people call them `` eastern europeans '' , not realizing that it 's not a geographic term but a historical one , a shorthand for of `` a former soviet satellite and east of the iron curtain '' it is worse than this . 
  everyone gives a shit about geographic in this case . 
  the butthurt is it made us either still living in socialism ( a thing from east europe ) or sticking our head into russian ass and both is apparently somehow true even everyone trying to explain it is no longer valid . 
  sticking head into russian ass does n't need any explanation , you covered it later , the first thing is pretty described on refugee situation , racist country , still pretty acceptable to steal from companies ( because they are all capitalist and stealing on you and not paying you enough , why should i pay for software , music movies , it is fine to steal others work , by law even legal for music and movies ... ) , corruption rate , frauds with government money etc. 
  in a short , my eastern majority things a mindset before iron curtain falls , socialism and stuff . 
  we are pretending to be a part of western world but still living in eastern mindset and get butthurted when others find this out, 
   most liked nation by poles ; not sure if the feeling is reciprocal :( it is not, 
  oh thanks , and yes the city evolved quite a lot in past few years . 
  lol , this is most accurate description . 
  well , remek was a member of the european parliament between 2004 and 2013, 
  yeah  friend of mine is describing uk as a `` horseface world cup '', 
  yes,
