   also , what is a `` typical '' date like in your country dd/mm/yyyy other formats are really confusing, 
  bilderberg version 0.1, 
  this . 
  til there is more of them , 
  to be honest i do n't think so czech people are much more better and i am avoiding them as much as possible . 
  ( except people i know personally ) . 
  it is usually something like : let 's form a czech guild , someone with english knowledge setup himself as a leader which became a dictator punishing others for shitty reasons like helping someone outside this clan . 
  just because others ca n't read tips and tricks on offical game forum or reddit or elsewhere in english they are fine with this shitty dictatorship where he/she is just sharing game knowledge by small parts '' . 
  seen this in every mmo i played in my life . 
   polish : only met three , all of them toxic fuckwards . 
  i do n't know why this is . 
  extremely unlikable and pretty poor players this . 
  met thousands of them in bf series and wot . 
  poor play and their gibberish spam in chat, 
  not a single shit . 
  maybe a cheap weed , 
  so we have church here means we are talking about christians . 
  it depends on age . 
  i can accept children have imaginary friends . 
  for adult one i think i will say something like `` so what , i know people visiting brothels every week '' . 
  just do n't ask me for any assumptions and constraints from me due to your religion . 
  ( not sure if correct but i heard mormons can go crazy if someone is swearing in front of them etc ), 
  no one really . 
  all bros countries fucked us sometimes later . 
  so probably austria as their leadership was not so bad after all during austrohungarian empire . 
  i am not sure they see it same . 
  `` czechs do not steal here '' signs were a thing after socialism collapses here . 
  none . 
  would not work for company requiring dress cose, 
   cern said : `` cern will not open a door to another dimension black mesa said that too , 
  overspeeed in us = 85mph on 70mph . 
  overspeed in europe 220kmh on 130mph ... 
  we are allowed to kill on sight anyone who stutters by the law, 
  we have but connected to xbox , bluray player and appletv . 
  local tv broadcast pretty sucks . 
  ca n't recall if there was any other use than popcorn, 
  did they manage to have their major of chicago or not yet ? 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( https://www.expats.cz/prague/article/weekly-czech-news/young-czechs-lead-europe-in-pot-smoking/ ), 
  coke-like ? 
  popular here ? 
  lol, 
  came here for same failure . 
  good job / r/trax1, 
  we have to memorize all ussr republics , lithuania was just one of them with no special references . 
  40y . o. 
  - old enough to have these history classes during that times ... 
  maybe just a revenge then, 
  of course we have . 
  i think most recent one is : `` sorry jako '' pretty hard to translate , something like `` sorry as '' or `` sorry why ? '', 
  which is the most accurate i think . 
  source : the finance minister was asked about his incomes and weird bond transaction related to his huge companies holding by someone from news . 
  the answer was `` and why should i tell you everything about all my incomes '' `` sorry , why ? '', 
   i 've got a good job here with a fortune 500 company . 
  this makes me lol every time . 
  even mc donald 's is in f500 . . , 
  with bonus everything is fucking expensive, 
  blah blah blah columbus blah blah vespucci blah blah blah tea stag party in boston blah blah blah north vs racists blah blah blah pearl harbor blah blah blah nuke'em, 
  ... designed in california . 
  assembled in china ... 
  fix it again tony, 
  a funny fact for you then . 
  that horrible shit is called hawaii almost everywhere and believe or not [ it was born in canada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hawaiian_pizza ), 
  `` what are some other non-uk online stores that sell internationally ? '', 
  you should specify eu located . 
  came here to say amazon.com but this does n't do 22eur vat limit . 
  ( it is not a customs limit . 
  customs limit is still 150eur for post ) by the way , when travelling via plane the vat limit is 430eur ( commercial flight in a short ) or 300eur limit for private flight . 
  ( customs limit stays on 150 ) i do n't think so brexit will change lowcost airline fares so much , i will still go to do shopping myself from time to time . 
  ( and be free of czech post or that fuckingmorons from ppl ), 
  nba - i do n't think so basketball is popular here at all . 
  ( but with my 176cm it is something i do n't care at all ) nhel sometimes called nfl for no reason . 
  almost unknown here except pure fans . 
  nhl - this might ring the bell . 
  jagr , hasek etc. . . mlb - baseball is again not really popular . 
  ( but there is a sort of people who likes baseball bats , not baseball itself ), 
  is there some other reason behind it except keeping hoboes out of touristy attractive places like in my country ? 
  [ space pope ] ( http://futurama.wikia.com/wiki/space_pope ), 
   so now i have everything on the range from family-passed-down 19th century dining furniture to ikea billy bookshelves . 
  completely exact same including billy ( do you have white ones , cheapes ones , like we have ? ), 
  of course yes, 
  taxis , as a employee i pay 4.5 % of salary as a healthcare insurance , employer pay 9 %, 
  ie/edge + google search, 
  there is no potato only politbyro, 
  also the topic probably means they 're not going to buy a brand new cars which could lead into really interesting story with bringing stolen car back to europe . 
  there is n't anything we could call a revival . 
  it is pretty visible always when the question `` should we give back to church everything that was confiscated by commies ? '', 
  hell no is the usual public answer even from pretty anti commies people and it also means that state has to care about all that shit . 
  but religion was not really banned here ( except some short stalinist era ) , but really heavy controlled by state . 
  since sixties there was a deal between commies and vatican so vatican certificated bishops etc nominated or approved by commies in exchange for some religion freedom . 
  this is valid for catholic church . 
  there was/is also czechoslovak hussite church ( let 's say local version of protestants ) which were also widely accepted by commies because hussites itself were sort of commies mostprobably, 
  we are czechs and it means we can do a partydrinking everyday for no reason just because it is cheap here . 
  we do n't need irish goes green or whatever for party, 
  phone . 
  never ever remember any outages in my network but there are some , usually local . 
  internet - around year ago but my provider was a shitty wifi provider with regular outages, 
  morning protocol : get woken up by cat either he is hungry or just want to be a jerk and demanding to open the balcony door so he can do his other job , definitely not on the balcony . 
  wasting my time in zombie mode with reddit or whatever including smoking cigarette on that balcony ( while cat is in the bed on my place ) till figuring out there is just a time for quick shower if ( season ! = winter ) and ( temperature  = 5 ) then coffee to go during commute else corporate coffee, 
  there are lot of these things here .
