  kazakhstan , industry best in the world , we invented toffee and the trouser belt . 
  kazakhstan , prostitutes cleanest in the region , except of course for turkmenistan 's . 
  kazakhstan , kazakhstan , you very nice place , from plains of tarashenk to northern fence of jewtown . 
  come grasp the mighty phenis of our leader , from juction with testes to tip of its face, 
  purchase verb ( used with object ) , purchased , purchasing . 
  to acquire by the payment of money or its equivalent ; buy . 
  where can i purchase money ??? 
  seriously ? 
  same here , the washer i had in my us flat ( 4 years ago ) was something like my grandmother dumped in eighties, 
  hundred of things . 
  currently from tax frauds were so acceptable here we ended up with some additional bureaucracy and online reporting of each trade to some false pride being most atheist country of the world but this proud magically disappear with any immigrant issues and people are crying for christian roots ( or even worse christian - jewish roots from these less educated ), 
  olympic stadium . 
  in a country which never hosted olympic games . 
  seems legit  you were most probably [ there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strahov_stadium ), 
  no we do n't . 
  it is just a country across the border , all these who wanted to go left already . 
  manual transmission is car masterrace ,, 
  yes , this shit is everywhere, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/samorost_ ( series ), 
  aldi discount thing was already explained ( we do n't have aldi here but expecting something like lidl ) so my two cents after some time in us ( chicago ) . 
  there is n't big difference between us and eu supermarket except these : 1 . 
  you will pay what is displayed . 
  no secret tax charges . 
  dedicated baggers just in posh stores 3 . 
  checking out alcohol is same as checking out onions without `` special person to counter number 5 '' announcement , id check and weirdo brown bag procedure 4 . 
  hot food is not common in supermarkets in our part of europe . 
  just grilled chicken + grilled something but not real hot food bar i 've seen there 5 . 
  last but not least . 
  milka brand was not in european specialities / germany ( or swiss ) but in poland . 
  i 'd be pissed off if i was german . 
  i was pissed of several minutes later seeing pilsner beer chepaer than in my , origin , country , 
  the idea bank and goverment know when , where and for how much is my everyday shopping is much more bizzare for me . 
  yes but in us it is a regular job . 
  i think this is some leftover from ages we really did n't have in europe . 
  getting a gun license is not much harder than driving license here ... 
  mandatory military service ended 2004 here, 
  we have it as petty crime under five . 
  aprox 20eur fine and confiscation . 
  but you have to be a complete pot head and smoke in front of them or on `` too much public '' place . 
  or police `` have to '' means young police officers in civil clothing are going into bars knows by everyone is smoking there . 
  bad luck for these who are just rolling one ... 
  i am really not surprised we are winning this thread , 
  we had mc smazak ( mc fried cheese ) something like mc fish but with fried cheese instead of fish . 
  and mc bucek ( mc bacon ) which was basically a cheeseburger with piece of bacon . 
  both no longer available . 
  we have beer at mc donalds as well and i 've seen beer in spain . 
  yes yes . 
  there are already fresh cases of hunters are hunting tourists or better version hunters are hunting each other . 
  like evey year . 
  still missing `` drunk hunter hunt himself '' but this is just about the time, 
  this, 
  lol , perfect , 
  yes but hunting is a bit different case . 
  getting a gun license is somehow as hard as driving license . 
  ( you got papers from doctor you are not moron , you do a/b/c test , you do some practical exams , that 's all ) but even hunting class gun license doe n't let you hunt . 
  it just allows you to use hunting ( long ) gun outside . 
  and you can have night vision with special permit with this and all other shit which is usually illegal . 
  this is issued by police . 
  you need another license from ministry of agriculture . 
  which is proper hunting license . 
  there is some test again but usually done by some hunting club . 
  then you need permit of owner of area . 
  in rural areas this goes usually together , it is enough to be a member of their local hunting club . 
  quite a lot , not really safe to go into woods this time, 
  scattered over asthmatic / tb sanatorium just to be a jerk one more and last time, 
  europe is not an us , people does n't use prozac for no reason ( and smile for same no reason ), 
  as a french man with weird hat, 
  it looks to me . 
  alps are huge so there can be cheapest place but from my experience andorra costs about 10-20 % less than alps . 
  lift pass for whole pal-arinsal sector ( over 60km of slopes , 30 lifts etc ) was around 35 eur per day , alps were touching 40 or more . 
  we had no issue to get decent 4star hotel with breakfast for around 60-70eur and pretty wide selection on `` last minute '' means `` couple of days before '' . 
  everything in shops cost less than in spain ( which does n't looks to me as expensive anyway ) due to low taxes in andorra . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have both pc and console . 
  but consoles are pretty cheap here so it does n't mean i am filthy rich :(, 
   is sort of like a small version of karlovy vary so it is overpriced and everything is written first in russian and then in another languages ? 
  andorra ( anywhere ) . 
  perfect pistes , cheap , empty . 
  and even this is one of the remotest places to ski in europe from czech republic it took us less time to get there than almost everything in alps . 
  ( and 1litre bottle of absolut vodka for less than 10eur anywhere counts too , 
  i just spent some time reading some bullshit ( will be 40 in a half of year ), 
  cheating from repairsmen/electricians/plumbers etc is not much common here . 
  automotive is a different issue . 
  ( there is n't used car with real numbers on odometer here , heard stories about brand mb dealership guys were using some cheapo oil instead what should be used , but maybe just rumors ) the bigger problem are guys using 50-60 years old workflow , technic or whatever with new technologies , materials , equipment which can end up with some fuck up years later and guys from former ussr `` i have no idea what i am doing because i have degree from nuclear physics in kiev but no experience with this sort of manual job '', 
  0.8 eur for 1.5 litre bottle ( 1l pepsi is somehow uncommon here and could costs more than 1.5 l bottle ), 
  1907 or so . . 
  interesting , it does n't work in opposite way . 
  we have potatoes, 
  street food, 
  2849 czk which is 105.35 eur . 
  i am almost average german , 
  wider user base is probably best answer for me . 
  now i am pretty happy that i learned russian times ago and i do n't have to fit any of these because : 1 . 
  i give a complete fuck about current russia politics ; 2 . 
  i give an even bigger fuck about anyone imaginary friends ; 3 . 
  no fetish for ugly dressing and circle faces . 
  i was learning russian language not slavic history 6 . wtf ? 
  couple of ww2 vets ( from german and uk sides ), 
  religion ? 
  here ?
