  it has pretty fun background but it did not hit the market due to copyright issues, 
  all interior doors have a lock here , at least what i am used to . 
  but i have no idea where are keys from these doors . 
  i think they were lost years ago i moved into current flat . 
  we do n't need them, 
  is `` lets give them to poland '' smug or not ? 
  from my experience there is exactly zero fuck given about people outside here in prague . 
  the city is big enough to live its own issues . 
  but they see it as smug obviously . 
  it 's a game we ca n't win, 
   i want to go somewhere that is n't known for solely partying/clubbing as the center/main event . 
  you have to delete prague from the list . 
  ( i live in city center ), 
  just me and my father . 
  as well here , this is old man item or pure fagotry, 
  one cousin lives in us , but he moved before i was born . 
  i think i 've seen him once maybe twice in my life . 
  super common . 
  at least it was for older generation . 
  traveling abroad was not so easy with limited destinations, 
  nothing , laws works for consumers here , not companies . 
   there is a massive quality gap between slivovices getting served that 's true , reason why i do n't like it as well , broskvovice/merunkovice/tresnovice is not usually such a trap . 
  i guess real slivovice has to tast like petrol . 
  looks like plums are the worst possible fruit used for distilling ( at lest we made this fun out of moravian people from time to time , 
  yes , cider was n't best word but apple wine is also not what is calvados made from , i am lost in translation . 
  not sure how it was in brno but in prague it was not a big deal to get real shots but it was just sold `` under the counter '' edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/calvados#production hmm maybe i was not really wrong `` calvados is distilled from cider made from specially grown and selected apples '' obviously this is most probably not the cidre we are ordering and drinking but just a same name for different apple liquid, 
  that jelzin thing ( apple version is most popular ) has exact 20 % or just bellow so it stays legal . 
  obviously this is czech republic and such a law is considered as recommendation , so it was not so hard to get a regular drink . 
  kalvados ( calvados ) is something different than jabkovice ( which exists , but using apples for spirits is not widespread here ) . 
  jabkovice has similar manufacturing process as slivovice or merunkovice . 
  calvados is brandy style . 
  in a short calvados is done by distilling of apple cider ( apple wine ) which is not what we do with apples here . 
  ( distilling of crushed fermented apples ) but kalvados was know looooooong time ago so i guess majority is calling kalvados as anything from apples . 
  ( last but not least , my german is not so perfect for this , but lot of czech words are just phonetically transcribed german , it could have roots there . 
  i do n't think so we have to worry in eu . 
  us works in favor of companies , eu works in favor of consumers . 
  in a short, 
  no problems , i do n't expect these should be wide known like kgb, 
  could be if there is some bay leaf in kitchen, 
  a joke for czech fellows  ( was a plainclothes secret ( political ) police force in former czechoslovakia from 1945 to its dissolution in 1990 . 
  serving as an intelligence and counter-intelligence agency , it dealt with any activity that could possibly be considered anti-state or western influence . ), 
  99 % windows ( privacy because stb is always watching you ) , 1 % fancy-dress ball, 
  yes but good one . 
  good one means reliable source . 
  if we stick with `` moonshine = illegal self distilled alcohol '' then no , as it was under legal condition , but self distilled . 
  let 's say half illegal , all czechs know what i mean . 
  but i will strongly recommend to ** do not try ** this here as a tourist . 
  back in 2012 we had prohibition on anything over 20 % of alcohol . 
  long story short : fake drinks are spreading around country , people are dying or going blind . 
  around 50death and 150blind or other damage . 
  it is pretty clear it is methanol and not ethanol . 
  there were wtf moments like a guy went to the hospital with his so as she had methanol poison symptoms from drinking some shit . 
  prohibition was already in place . 
  everyone knows there is a shit outside . 
  they keep her in hospital , if i remember correctly she is alive but blind and other aftermath . 
  the guy went home and guess what he did . 
  he finished that bottle and died in couple of days . 
  wtf seriously . 
  authorities found an illegal factory later , which was using anything to get ethanol from and doing some fake vodka or so . 
  that `` anything '' was mainly windscreen washer fluid from poland due to high ethanol inside and pretty cheap price . 
  but due to budget i guess they changed from ethanol to methanol . 
  illegal factory did n't notice or they gave a fuck . 
  prague can do the job . 
  i did a lot of business trips to uk between 2000-2008 so i remember these times where drinking was available till 11pm with some very rare exceptions . 
  and also the change in 2005 or when it was . 
  tabloid medias were full of `` the end is near '' and other fun shit . 
  but i can understand that uk urge to get wasted asap due to that, 
  until 1am most of the time !, 
  3am for certain occasions . 
  lol . 
  finding a 24hrs is not a hard quest here . 
  by the way one of my favorite places closes at 5am in case there are no guests . 
  if so , later . 
  same here . 
  the tv thing is just a monitor for appletv , xbox and bluray player . 
  i have over 100channels together with cable internet but i ca n't recall when i used it last time . 
  that set top box which was in install set is still in the box . . 
  yes it is documented except some small minor exceptions like flying in a small plane from czech republic to germany ( or vice versa ) and staying in airspace class g . such a case does n't require any border checks = schengen and also any flight checks = no flight plan is needed for such a trip, 
  depends on amount . 
  for $ 20000 and less i will just click it in internet banking and that all . 
  ( it is something i have as pre-approved loan due to turnover and balances on my account , no additional paperwork needed ) . 
  when more than that is needed i have to go to the bank , fill some paperwork , they will check my incomes if i am able to pay and they also did check in some registers , there are more of them here , banking and non-banking ones ( utilities , phones ) if i do n't have any bad history in recent years ( afaik it covers just last five years ) and also opened loans elsewhere . 
  no credit score like in us at all ( the credit score is just internal thing of banks ) , more or less opposite , high number of loans , even without any issues with payment are lowering internal credit score here . 
  nah , they just keep your military budget in check and also helping you pointing towards iran as world devil, 
  i am pretty sure the only difference between ours and yours dishwasher is just a language around buttons ( if there is any ) and different pages in owner 's manual . 
  but maybe i got the point . 
  it is not so long ( 4-5years ) when i was in us for a long term , company rented me a pretty new , refurbished apartment in a pretty new building . 
  everything was almost new except these household appliances . 
  especially washing machine was design `` my grandmother was using back in 60ies '' with open top , the rest even new ~ ish looks like something we do n't see in europe since 80ies . 
  oh this thing . 
  the purpose of german language is to put the knowledge of the whole mankind into a single word . 
  culture/society : that tipping thing ( especially when i can see every fucking second day americans waiting for return of 0.131 usd back for a gin and tonic which was for a price you will hardly find a draft beer in us ) employee rights + `` customer is always right even when is not '' . 
  when working in us i 've seen situation where coworkers were worried about job from something looking totally absurd from eu point of view . 
  also several experience ( including reading reddit tifu etc ) says me `` call me a manager '' usually means fuck up for employee in us even he/she was right . 
  the role of manager is to protect employee here . 
  healthcare financing - i guess it does n't need any explanations . 
   our washing machines are confusing . 
  uh what ? 
  did n't notice any difference, 
  two poppy seeds pastries for 0.3 eur each + can of pepsi ( 0.5 eur ) sugar deficit i guess ...
