  they are pretty fine ... ... for first 6 months, 
   are you looking more to relax , go out and explore , or maybe something more active ( skiing , hiking , fishing , etc. ) ? 
  this or that . 
  depends what we want . 
  ( what central brain aka her wants   are you concerned about a language barrier ? 
  not at all . 
   how are you getting there usually plane and rent a car , or just car if it is less than 200km  how do you make arrangements ? 
  mostly online these days , depends on destination , if it is a busy place and some before trip planning is needed , but there are cases like `` let 's open booking app and see what is around '', 
  andorra + spain, 
  uk sink faucet !!!!, 
  fuck that thing !!!, 
  prepaid gas/electricity . 
  by inserting coins directly into meter . 
  refueling a car in southern italy , still do n't have a clue what it was all about . 
  and probably hundred of other things and i am still in europe . 
  of course i can go through us toilet , us banking system , us no display full price . 
  and asia would need separate chapter as well, 
  or good ol' reading labels from wc detergents in several languages, 
  they are at the wrong place , 
  well it is not a satellite communication or so . 
  it does n't need a direct sun visibility . 
  of course direct sight is preferred for solar power plant due to efficiency which is not the case of ticketing machine . 
  ever seen solar powered calculator ? 
  you do n't need to go outside to get it working . 
  same thing . 
  really ? 
  last time i wanted to wire money to a us guy but it ended up with hilarious story when he refused to give me an account number because he thought it is sort of privacy info . 
  ( we sorted it via paypal ), 
  no , you do n't get laid just by hanging around scandinavia, 
  80 % cheapo due to budget , but there has to be a swimming pool because neighbor has one , 15 % no budget but also no style/taste and no judgment . 
  5 % wow an architect was here, 
  well it depends if it is luc besson or der bergdoktor, 
  could not care less just not czech republic please, 
  mostly daily as a part of daily commuting, 
  mortgage, 
  nope , i do n't probably because local versions are just shits from youtube attentionwhores, 
  never played , boring , why the fuck football ?? 
  why ? 
  never tried but i will stick with beef or chicken . 
  thank you, 
  canada probably, 
  yep it does n't hurt anyone but 99 % usage i can see is a butthurt when we are called eastern north europe is clearly visible on map , which works for them and also north is one of 4 compass points together with west , south and east . 
  there is no centre , central , center or anything like that in this partitioning . 
  another point why is central meaningless . 
  yes and this is my point , why even distinguishes between central and other when central barely covers 15 %, 
  yep , country is paralyzed when they make it into final in hockey . 
  at least last time it was, 
  mostly nothing . 
  probably just weed is not legal here , the green colored ethanol is not absinth and czech it out is not funny or anything as it does n't have any alternative in local language . 
  ( and probably looked like when 10years old says penis instead of tennis ), 
  is such a thing exists ? 
  almost every time i see some fellow citizen with this butthurt it is almost every time something about we belong to west because we were part of west centuries ago . 
  then i check local newspaper , who is voted into anything from town hall to parliament , laws which are still in place , relationship to public and private property and i can see eastern mindset is still strong . 
  yes , geographically we are central , but last time when i spoke about this with someone on reddit , we found couple of other countries which could be called central and we end up with something like 15 % of europe population . 
  i do n't think it needs specific term . 
  and it was in germany and it was german driver when i see violation of this rule for the first time of my life . 
  and this was pretty rare or almost unknown back in times when everything was possible on the street and there was nothing which can be solved with couple of hundreds of crowns . 
  now it looks like almost every crossing had a camera for red light ... 
  nothing or socsk, 
  my two eurocents , i know two iranians , both are here since communist regime , usual study and stay case . 
  one is doctor of medicine , the second one is it engineer ( worked with him years ago ), 
  not much , just one of another hot sauces, 
  semtex , a general-purpose plastic explosive, 
  you could fit more into van , it would be covered and easier to load and unload . 
  regular trucks or vans . 
  pickup truck is just a wasting of space, 
  overcooked pasta drowned in a sea of fatty cheese ftfy, 
  reminds me every time tourists ask what is cheer we say * nadrazi *, 
  you do n't have to be italian to find this weird . 
  yeah , calling manager would be a dick move here as well . 
  `` call me the manager '' is the us thing i guess . 
  never had a need to use vpn for anything than connecting my office back in time prior citrix etc. 
  not me but so ( and half of the family ) works in the industry . 
  americans can be divided into two groups . 
  the small one which did the homework and do the tipping . 
  and the large one which somehow assumed `` tipping is not mandatory '' ( a breaking fucking news , there is no place on the earth where tipping is mandatory ) means no tipping at all . 
  it could be easily broken and you could follow a milk trail from the shop . 
  not an advantage , just example of usage, 
  they way how people celebrate easter here beer is a totally acceptable lunch drink even during working days, 
  yes , once , it was lol, 
  germany , fuck \u0160umava bread, 
  you can have a bottle of beer ( regular one , 0.5 l ) for something like 0.3 eur . 
  it would be sort of pisswater but still beer, 
  there is n't a lot of emigration just because majority of border is with western states and country is small . 
  it is still make a sense to do a daily commuting across the border . 
  and for the same geographical reason we are attractive for german and austrian companies so economy is n't fucked so badly . 
  would be completely different if we swapped the place with for example moldavia . 
  sort of , it was around year 2000 . 
  i was in hurry back to the city and i had bird strike on highway . 
  it was a pheasant , but it sound was not hard , car was not reporting any light issues , no overheating . 
  i was in hurry so decided not to stop . 
  i had to go through wenceslas square a touristy square . 
  tourists stopped at every single crossing , staring at my car , taking pictures . 
  my head was full of upcoming meeting , where i was late , i completely put the bird out of my mind . 
  i was like , what the fuck , you never seen 5years old bmw or fucking what ? 
  meeting was fine , i had some other meeting around the city , the ride was same . 
  almost everyone was staring at my car . 
  at least it was n't in center so no photos . 
  cameras in phones were not a thing back then . 
  on the next stop i decided to have a look what is going on .
