  if there is n't single tablet , leave kitchen calmly , pretend nothing happened and let her deal with it , 
  walking , tram if lazy , to cold , raining etc. 
  it is like ~ 20min pretty scenic walk ( 80 % next to river with castle view etc ) or 5-6min tram ride . 
  having daily commuting shortest possible is pretty top on my priority list . 
  cca 15 years ago i drove at least 80 minutes every way every fucking day and i am not going to return to this timewasting shit . 
  one world `` spa '' works for whole country . 
  did quick google-fu and it looks correct, 
  something like 4x per year in average 50:50 work and pleasure, 
  full implementation of metrics , mainland power plugs and faucets, 
  minnesota - did choose this because fargo movie . 
  i never been outside il so had no clue which us state fits into no sea , mostly rednecks , not an agricultural state , snow during winter . 
  as well here but scooters and things like that is more or less still hobby here than cheap commuter . 
  but we had quite a lot trabant and wartburg cars with two stroke engine, 
  1977 , yes and always deserved it, 
  these are quite good as they are at least somehow regional centrals . 
  try to visit small cities in this area like bilina , duchcov and you will want to die , 
  it must something like 20years i seen this here last time . 
  and i am really surprised it existed in western block as well . 
  i thought it is was mainly our side of iron curtain , we had two stroke cars not only garden tools and mopeds, 
  bunch of fat fags in cargo shorts and undershirts with beer in one hand and cigarette/tv remote in second, 
  most breathtaking [ this church probably ] ( http://zhola.com/praha/data/35916063416vitcelyzlutomodry610.jpg ) [ ugliest ] ( https://media-cdn.holidaycheck.com/w_1280,h_720,c_fill,q_80/ugc/images/ce189f6e-6853-361b-8887-18067a7b64ea ), 
  just news time from the time . 
  there is n't options for other channels here via my provider, 
  space is metric already . 
  even nasa uses metric for their work , imperials just for public . 
  so good news everyone , imperial ends at around 20km above surface ( highest defined flight level in hundreds of feet ), 
  with fact how many famous composers we had during times our anthem was ` found ' i consider it as very boring, 
   i 'm living in prague now and the prices to buy are absolutely insane and now that people ca n't afford to buy , it 's almost impossible to rent something decent unless you share with someone . 
  living in prague almost 40 years and i am saying this is bullshit . 
  yes . 
  rents are a bit higher than five years ago but i will hardly call that 10 % rise as insane . 
  supreme court + constitutional court and some other institutions are not in prague but these are exceptions . 
  almost everything is in prague, 
  exact same thing like for the rest of the year-beer drinking, 
  nope , american handegg is pretty boring , majority of the time nothing happens, 
  religion ? 
  we do n't have any, 
  just the meat . 
  depends on food it is usually tartar sauce or some kind of really really hot sauce, 
  we have usually three toppings : ketchup , cheese which means cheapest possible edam and garlic . 
  size differs from small pizza to pizza . 
  and yes , we sucks badly in streetfood . 
  it looks like everyone near border is doing this if they can . 
  i know people from prague doing this . 
  well now with direct prague - germany highway it is around hour to get into decent german supermarket . 
  [ svickova ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sv%c3%ad%c4%8dkov%c3%a1 ) or [ potato dumplings filled with smoked meat + cabbage ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/de/bramborov%c3%a9_knedl%c3%adky_pln%c4%9bn%c3%a9.jpg ), 
   since it 's not allowed to sell it in moscow what ? 
  why ? 
  i am already in prague so why should i look for another two ? 
  local sheep cheese is almost unknown and majority is imported from slovakia . 
  prague - 75 % of water is from dam on zelivka river which is around 50-60 km outside of prague ( and the water tunnel used is one of world longest but also almost unknown as it is for water only ) water treatment facility is at the dam place . 
  the rest is from another facility close to prague , water is from set of 700wells near vltava and jizera river . 
  again treatment facility at wells place . 
  there is a big treatment facility directly in prague , in case of emergency or outages it can use water from vltava river directly . 
  it was something like that prior all that biometric passports , emergency was same or next day ( with some limited validity like year ) . 
  also i think they did it faster than 6working days , this is just some specification according law . 
  i had mine ( regular ) in a week and not in month as it could be . 
  on other hand issuing ids is a bit nightmare here . 
  i do n't know if sweden is using any sort of identity cards , ours looks exact same as driving licenses ( which are afaik same across whole eu ) just printing is obviously different , the layout , design , colors are almost same . 
  now when you need new id you go to the office , they will do that digital picture of you , you have new id usually within a week . 
  when you need new driving license , which is i am pretty sure done at the end by exact same state ( or state licensed ) company you will visit an office ( different than id one ) but this time you will need to bring a photo with you , they will scan it and send it there . 
  you will have your license in two three weeks . 
  happen to me earlier this year when my id and stuff were stolen, 
  around 23eur ( 600czk ) 10 years it take up to month but usually two three weeks . 
  you can have a passport within 6 working days for something like 151eur ( 4000czk ) both are biometric only, 
  this . 
  there is some border coop like police force share , some small business agreements but basically not different from what we have with germany . 
  croatia is `` our summer destination '' but again , no link to ahe at all . 
  last but not least almost all ahu parts are now eu members so no real need for this . 
  it is the same as austrian cuisine . 
  lot of things are with legacy from somewhere else . 
  anyway these years in austrian empire worked for both of us from cuisine perspective, 
  i like this deal . 
  we do n't care where it is from exactly . 
  you bring us this heaven . 
  everything we need to know . 
  none . 
  i only use it for cooking, 
  yes we do , ketchup is heresy, 
  cheaper than anything else . 
  it is fine as it is . 
  tried several times and i ca n't say i dislike it but i was not amused . 
  i do n't have any other usage for pb except satay dip, 
  we are sitting on quite big unused pile of lithium ore ( or whatever is the stone used for lithium called ) and dreaming he will make us rich and we will just riding our ~ ~ camels ~ ~ teslas around for fun, 
  yes , some time in us , asia ( various places ) and uk . 
  business reasons . 
  it is not a 2 tailed lion , it is just a lion hiding in another lion 's ass, 
  it looked like that when i was pulled over in bratislava for doing something like 60 on 50 . 
  with fully loaded van , i was the slowest there , highway style street , everyone going at least 70 . 
  i was pulled over to a parking spot already filled with fellow speeders none of them had slovakian license plate . 
  nope , we had shitload of tourists from east g. 
  yes , everything from asian markets full of cheap chinese plastic junk , fake wearing brands , weird frozen stuff and vegetables we ca n't name through farmers market with fresh produce to flea markets where you can rent a table for something like $ 2 and half of the tables looks like `` we did someone 's cabin last night '', 
  all of this gambling is legal in my country , cities can do some regulations like `` no casinos here at all '' etc. 
  there is now a rally against online poker/bookies everything trying to push everything not registered in czech republic out of the market and illegal , even eu registered companies . 
  obviously this came from local big players on the market . 
  no , it was done in the past ( 1960-1990 ) . 
  artificial fluoridation is not allowed here right now . 
   neighbors ' border regions not necessarily , border regions . 
  bus prague-budapest or prague-paris is for around 20eur, 
  we could surrender to germany,
