  i just warned him he can have a heart attack when he will see airport taxi stand . 
  they have mountains over 2000meters , atlas is almost 3000 , totally possible . 
   we all do drugs perfect , because we do all drugs and still saying ` we are not amsterdam ' to tourists , 
   women are n't hairy . 
  worked two years for french company . 
  ca n't confirm this . 
  used to live on opposite side of border , just want to add , not all roads or streets had border posts , some of them were simple blocked and closed ( as border post was somewhere in vicinity ) and it was just reopened after cz joined schengen . 
  the road next to my grandparents was closed since ww2 till schengen times, 
  what bothers me most ? 
  as other already said , hidden charges , but this is some your weirdo thing like sales tax in shops . 
  ok i am able to understand tipping culture because :  reservoir dogs : mr. 
  pink : i do n't tip because society says i have to . 
  all right , if someone deserves a tip , if they really put forth an effort , i 'll give them something a little something extra . 
  but this tipping automatically , it 's for the birds . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , they 're just doing their job . 
  but hidden charges in sales tax goes complete out of my mind ( such a thing is illegal in europe ) so back to tipping . 
  also found bothering this , you are playing a game when tipping is a mandatory thing at home but when you visit europe you immediately forgot this game and expecting 1 czk back when paying 99 czk for cuba libre with double shot of rum with 100czk bill ( 1 czk = 0.04 usd ) well , we , czechs are not known by perfect service , the opposite is more or less true . 
  you will have worst possible service with this approach . 
  i was in ukraine few times , including last ` problematic ' year and was near ` problematic ' areas . 
  visa on arrival was never the issue but we have different nationalities . 
  i do n't know if the same works for you . 
  but all my travels were by car or plane 2 . ), 
  no , not at all , your guides will tell you everything needed . 
  just use common sense ( commons sense for radioactive disaster , lol  ) , do not touch anything , do not eat anything , do not go where you are not supposed to go . 
  ask guide for [ russian woodpecker ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duga_radar ) 3 . ), 
  ukraine is really huge country . 
  not from your aussie perspective , but still the largest european country . 
  kiev , chernobyl area is north west . 
  the problems are south east . 
  you will be at least 1000km and 12hours driving from nearest place which can be called as questionable . 
  ( and these people are interested in east part of ukraine , they give a shit about kiev and around ) last but not least , this is not middle east or persia . 
  no culture of taking hostages either . 
  so even ( impossible ) you will mix with some separatist or whatever , everything which will happen would be `` you ca n't go this way , go back where you came from '' 4 . ), 
  never heard about . 
  ) no , and you will be instructed . 
  we have zombie as president already, 
  there is same thing in romania and maybe elsewhere . 
  ( and whole us eats our kolace ) but trust me , october now and croatia basically stop existing since april/may when we will see in all newspapers articles like `` we tried three most used roads to croatia for you '' . 
  `` big summer special : croatia via hungary '' and so on . 
  not yet, 
  no , all my friends are real . 
  i guess ` a ' with allen key socket fits everywhere . 
  well , i have no idea , i use them for no reason, 
  indeed . 
  it is ikea thing . 
  you need to build it yourself  ) ), 
  they have succ\u00e5ssf\u00f6l from ikea, 
  yes yes , a rare option to see boobs in tv during cold war era , 
  czech point of view , mine but most probably also majority one : czechs does n't move a lot to slovakia , in fact opposite way is more common due to jobs . 
  languages are mutually understable , there are just a few grammar differences and couple of different words . 
  croatia and slovenia is just summer holiday destination . 
  languages are somehow understable . 
  use of english pronunciation for czech language ends up in gibberish but we usually appreciate someone at least trying . 
  then there is one another thing . 
  wife is working for almost 24/7 downtown bar/club visited by tourist . 
  we have lot of friends from similar places as she is not new in industry . 
  we learn a different czech language from time to time . 
  a game with drunken tourists  for example : czech version of `` cheers '' is `` na zdravi '' , czech word for railway station is `` nadrazi '' the pronunciation is almost same . 
  and it goes far beyond this , so when asked how to say `` thank you very much in czech '' we offer correct version but immediately add that was in formal language , if you want slang or bar version , here you go , and they will get czech version of `` i 'll give you a blowjob '' or something like that . 
  as i said , we all know each other in industry , prague is small shithole , downtown even smaller . 
  other bars have ` reserved versions ' so if used , we can immediately see where tourist already been and how to continue this game . 
  = do n't try to learn czech from bartender if you are in prague downtown after midnight , 
  yes we do , but we still learning how to use them properly in our neighboring austria, 
  we have them quite a lot , but not usually in apartment buildings . 
  depends on age of the building . 
  majority of shelters are results of cold war . 
  i know block of flats , or better say areas , in prague build in late 50ies , where almost every block of flat has its own shelter . 
  there was around 800 shelters just in prague in 1989 . 
  whole underground part of subway works as a big shelter for 300000 people ( well it did n't worked well during big floods 15 years ago ), 
  shitty copies of martini / cinzano , 2.5 eur for 0.7 l ( 10 % ) boris jelzin * any fruit * 2.8 eur for 0.7 l ( around 18 % ) pepermint liquor 4.4 eur for 1l ( 20-25 % ), 
  biggest culture shock ??? 
  lol i would like to see your reaction to this gas station in my country https://www.yelp.com/biz/frukoil-jind%c5%99ich%c5%afv-hradec-2 yes , it is rum what is displayed ( well czech , maybe austrian version made from potato starch instead cane sugar ) and yes , you can have it from similar pump like petrol or diesel . 
   small stores together with petrol station are pretty common in europe . 
  there are location where this is only 24/7 available . 
  shell company has some deal with billa ( supermarket chain in 8 eu countries ) so shell petrol station is usually equipped with tiny billa store ( or will be in next future ) . 
  so unless you are in country like sweden where alcohol is sold just by government it is pretty common to see it anywhere . 
  and you just think that you do n't , but you drive them too  ) source : vw dieselgate , 
  interesting , did many business trips to hannover before ( 10years ago ) and i did n't notice anything like that . 
  it was more or less opposite as people were much more friendly than i would expect in such a big city . 
  spain or portugal , northern part , warm winters , pyrenees ( andorra and all that skiing stuff ) couple hours of driving ( less than tree from barcelona ) and if you are from south us , you should already speak spanish , 
  and then sitting here for almost 20 years still do n't speak czech and mutter about ` unconforming ' from other countries . 
  absolut vodka 1l bottle 15eur . 
  not in my country but in andorra at any petrol station . 
  going to ski there every year, 
   you 'll need to elaborate a tad , i do n't really understand what you mean . 
  if they stop me here in my country ( speeding usually ) i do one of these two things : digging into that horrible mess in passenger compartment to find out vehicle registration as they want to see it anyway or jumping out of the car immediately when stopped as i need my license from my pocket and it is an opportunity for a little stretching . 
  only during heavy rains i usually let the long arm of the law enjoy some shower . 
  i am under some impression this would not work well in us  wait other countries show what the item will cost after tax ? 
  yes , and it can be illegal not doing that . 
  like in my country . 
  i really do n't see what is the point to show me one price when picking up an item and charging different on check out . 
  i was there for a business trip . 
  12 weeks . 
  basically i did same job as i did in europe but in different time zone . 
  ( i was working for a company running business almost 24/4 on whole globe , due to some short staff issues and something else a short term replacement was needed . 
  even an it job , it was not suitable for remote work ) . 
  i was waking up , going to office , did my 9-5 like us guys sitting next to me . 
  i did n't leave chicago during my visit , which is probably best thing i did . 
  so far i know i would be at least tasered if not shoted by police during any pull over . 
  this works completely different here .
