  from natural caves , through old gold/silver/whatever mines , lot of huge underground in old cities ( 15th century and so on ) to quite a new things like old water cleaning and sewerage from 1900 or pre ww2 fortifications . 
  mercedes = bear ( medved or meda in czech ) audi = paraolympics ( because of four circles instead of five , and yes i know real para sport even has different logo but an audi driver is a bit thing here , 
  i seen this horrible thing there . 
  luckily this is not allowed here and penalty is quite big, 
  imessage + bit of skype, 
  never seen this outside of it industry where it has english name lie almost everything, 
  it is not so long you had alcohol sell till 23 or what was that hour and i seen some shops with alcohol shelf locked during night period . 
  just the fact you have some special license for selling alcohol and it splits into `` when '' as as far as i know default is not 24/7 is complete weird to me . 
  probably some kind of alcohol and some kind of narcotics, 
  * regulations regarding sale = none . 
  * alcohol in advertising = a bit regulated like you ca n't say it has healing or relaxing effect , that amount of ethanol is a positive , address younger than 18 by ad etc. 
  * 18 years * some tourists and problematics area has some rules against but it is not globally enforced but just used to deal with hobos . 
  yep i know it is overrated . 
  we have thing called `` st. martins wine '' 11 . 
  november . 
  exact same thing . 
  just 11.11 . instead third thursday, 
  it is a bit a thing here as well , it has its own name `` houba '' means mushroom but i have no clue about origins . 
  you will hardly see anyone over 20 drinking it and it is not so disgusting as it sounds . 
  it makes horrible boxed wine ( such a thing exists here ) drinkable  and yes i made a faux pas ordering this shit during beaujolais days organized by french embassy here . 
  but i had to as it was lost bet , but totally worth  ) ) ) ) ), 
  i was asking for a mix of wine and coke 1:1 at beaujolais days organized by french embassy here . 
  i had to as it was a lost bet but the reaction was worth of it , 
  the stupidity on this is that we even need such a law . 
  then there is an another nonsence . 
  same thing was discussed not so long ago and it ends up with if you want to have a pub where you can smoke you need to invest into a/c and several other improvements . 
  some decided to invest some of them just did no smoking restaurants . 
  these who invested are screwed and fucked now . 
  usual places i am visiting looks like a pub for 300-400people , 33 % smoking weed , 33 % cigarets ( and weed ) , 33 % nothing . 
  means there are at least 100 smokers anytime , around 200 during peak hours ( 21-03 ) obviously they are not going to smoke all together but it looks to me there will be at least 30 people smoking outside + these waiting for taxi etc. 
  whole night . 
  it will be fun , people will love this , especially in tiny crowded prague streets  lot of fun for people living around these places included  do you want a beer ? 
  sure , just wait five minutes till i am back from cigarette . . , 
  a bit misleading because prague is quite a small city and places like lovin hut are counted 9x because they have 9x exact same places around the city . 
  i have no typical small talk question . 
  small talk is annoying shit, 
  cups just when i need same amount and i do n't care exactly about measurement . 
  one cup of rice and one cup of water . 
   do people know who kurds are ? 
  if so , do they generally know that we are in terms of ethnicity , language and culture closest to persians ? 
  czech here , my view is not an average czech view due to travelling there but people know who kurds are . 
  the usual view is something like `` some people oppressed by turkey government '' , the view is somehow better these days as kurds are these brave people fighting isis . 
  ( and we have some current case where two czechs was arrested in turkey and sentenced for something like 15 years or so for helping kurds with isis fights ) because these are two main and only things mentioned in mainstream media here . 
  the knowledge you are closest to persians ( and even the knowledge that iran = persia because everyone here knows these two terms ) is outside of typical view . 
  i am sorry you are arabs and speak arabic for average czech person because `` you are from somewhere there and you are probably a moslim '' which is no-go in our backwarded shithole . 
  black , already had a black car in a past , would not buy again , 
  what a surprise , it is a skoda . 
   why did you choose that brand ? 
  i did not . 
  she did it . 
  ( also explains why i had no option to select a color ), 
  my pronunciation of nokia is n't perfect, 
  it is all about something like 4 square kilometers so it is not hitting a headlines everyday . 
  i do n't live in affected areas even do n't know anyone who does . 
  it hits news i would say every half a year , when government select some areas which should be given to poland ( as far as i know half of area is somehow agreed ) then affected people starts protesting and complaining because there is already some infrastructure or for whatever reason ... 
  1993 after splitting czechoslovakia still active dispute about around 400 hectares with poland . 
  their side and our side decided some narrowing of the border for better security back in 1958 . 
  border was shortened about 80km , something around 400 hectares ended up under czech republic and now they want the land back . 
  the fun fact , narrowing of the border was not the request of our side but from poland . 
  disputes not really ? 
  does n't looks like that from other side of the border, 
  overrated book , it is fucking boring and very poorly written book . 
  i am not complaining about ideology or topic , just about how it is done, 
  introduced reddit to my gf , she said it is too nerdy . 
  but she is lurking / r/aww sometimes . . 
  this , india was one big wtf . 
  and pakistan , as we went from india to pakistan we were expecting more or less same but everything will be written in arabic instead of hindu but it was like returning into civilization , 
  oh and you want to drive during late nights and weekends , so do n't underestimate fuel as well . 
  almost no gas station network on highways is also a thing for germans . 
  when my car announce last 80km , it means nothing here . 
  there would be 24/7 gas station within 20kms . 
  when the car says same thing in germany i am pretty uncomfortable thinking `` did that sign i seen 15 km before says `` next gas station is 67 or 97 km '' ? 
  ? , together with some road works and hitting a weekend where school holidays ends for one part of germany and starts for another is another level of fun , 
  if you are not living in your own , standalone house , your mailbox is most probably not accessible directly from the street here . 
  this filters around 80 % of this but some of delivery guys just left the pile of commercial in front of first doors they ca n't go through . 
  but since czech post , stated owned company , is also offering this service , it is sometimes delivered by regular mailman . 
  `` no adds '' sticker will usually filter them out ending up with one or two per month , usually lookalike magazines which are just covered ads . 
  if the cop die on the job here , it is most likely traffic accident or suicide, 
   if i rent a car in stuggart , would i have any problems dropping it off in munich or berlin ? 
  not at all with big players , maybe some not really significant surcharge for relocating , but if it is within same state = no problem . 
   would i have issues driving it through other countries ? 
  check rules first , because insurances and because even big players does n't let you drive whole europe ( they do , but you will pay ) but assuming you 're have no plans going east , this should not be a big issue . 
   i know how long it will take to drive , you do n't , everything you wrote is clear indication you never drive in germany . 
  yes , highway speed is unlimited in most cases , this is something everyone knows . 
  autobahn stau ( highway jam ) is a thing for germans  but it is know just in germany and surrounding countries , 
   drives white van is there any background for this ? 
  the rest is more or less same for our country , but here `` drives a car with pitbull or acab sticker '', 
  never got why the curd is so unpopular elsewhere but that fish thing is not so fun from local perspective . 
  actually it has to piss you off if you like fishes . 
  ( norway flag means yes , usually ) . 
  we 're small country in the middle of europe , accessing the sea is complicated . 
  the fish farming ( ponds ) has really strong background here , we know these ponds were created somewhere back in 11xx something , with boom in 14xx and so on . 
  freshwater fish is definitely not unknown here . 
  we even have the fish farming specialized highs school ( afaik it was world or european only one ) but you know what , you can buy a fresh fish from the tank just that week around christmas ( a carp in this case ) and that 's all . 
  farmers markets offers a fresh trout ( but not all of them and once per week ) . 
  yes and largest tesco stores usually has one tank with one tench and two carps . . a country with 900years fish farming background and it is a half day quest to have a tank fish in capital and you will end up with carp in 90 % . 
  i am really looking forward for next business or personal trip to anywhere i can really eat some fish , 
  wow , sneaky !, 
  exact same as to any other religion , just some weirdos, 
  * weirdo religious country * rounded heads and moustaches * dishonest traders * gibberish language full of w together with funny substitutes with our language ie ( p : search = c : fuck , p : road = c : narcotics ) * last but not least , do you ? , all poles who wanted beat the shit out of me , because i trolled you over 10 years with `` lech walesa was a communist secret agent '' do you member ??
