  you support gay therapies and talk of `` homopropaganda '' . 
  just fuck off edit : i ca n't respond bellow since my other comments here are automatically deleted . 
  this sub went down to the shitter biggly there are lot 's of pis zealots that have these extreme views . 
  they even have their people in the parliament like pi\u0119ta . 
  what i presented is their mainstream , conservative parties in muslim countries like turkey or tunisia have exactly the same views on lgbt issues as pis https://wiadomosci.wp.pl/atak-polskich-homofobow-na-geja-w-berlinie-dzieki-polonii-udalo-sie-ich-zatrzymac-6116570420725377a polish chavs attack gay people regularly . 
  these are the same folks that want to defende europe from islamization . 
  cbos is a bullshiting government agency, 
  fun fact , it 's not only judges that work in courts !, 
  if you had any idea about the matter , you would know of judge 's assistants and others helping out . 
  there are much more of these lower ranked folks in western courts . 
  different countries have different systems, 
  do n't waste your breath , there is no talking with them . 
  these little people feed on hate, 
  would be nice to know what parties are counted as `` eurosceptic '', 
  former heads of supreme courts and constitutional tribunal as well as countless other academics , are racing each other to drop as much shit on pis and their authoritarian hate boner as possible and you 're going with an opinion of one professor ? 
  they are calling for immediate stopping of the , now passed , law, 
   the vast majority of poles support these changes + there are no different than what we see in western countries . 
   law and justice i mean , it 's right in their name / lame joke, 
  this is kinda funny in it 's grotesque way, 
  do n't give him any attention . 
  that 's what he wants, 
  b-but it 's cheap ?? 
  they very much do , but they are much more subtle than tvp, 
  germans do a lot . 
  it 's their favourite part of 20th century . 
  though i ca n't blame them , everyone wants to play victim in this game . 
  do n't, 
  needs more background explosions, 
  it was a condominium of both crown and lithuania courland was semi-independent though, 
  thumbnail already did, 
  me too / s :p no , but really , some folks in the land of blooming onion need to grow up and loss all of these nationalistic , racist and homophobic stuff . 
  it 's pathetic, 
  i do n't see much of it here . 
  not a single homophobic comment actually . 
  or is divorced, 
  p o t \u0118 \u017b n a p r z e m o w a, 
  petty nationalism \u2611 religious zeal \u2611 islamophobia \u2611 genocides \u2611, 
  my point still stands . 
  ee with small exceptions is not `` poor '', 
  then if you consider poland , estonia or hungary `` poor '' , you have to be a moron . 
  in terms of gdp per capita ee is where the west was 10-15 years ago . 
  was uk or germany poor in the year 2000 or 2005 ? 
  all of central european states have `` very high '' hdi for fucks sake, 
  define `` poor '', 
  but these are n't always direct translations right ? 
  there are some suffixes or vowels in the middle added ? 
  slimy arrogant cunt vs hateful old fuck !, 
  who won ? 
  who 's next ? 
  do n't speak for `` right wing people '' . 
  being a dumb homophobic cunt does n't make you right wing . 
  merkel is very much on the right . 
  and belive me , you 're not the first loony to play with `` he/she disagrees with me therfore he/she has to be a lefty '' card, 
  / r/polska is, 
  he does n't speak english . 
  what would you expect him to do ? 
  next time turkey should send someone more competent, 
  that `` somerset house '' is gorgeous, 
  that 's not what he said . 
  you 're trying too hard, 
  tell me about it, 
  oh i was just thinking about a polish `` scumbag '' . 
  this guy is just perfect, 
  where 's police ? 
  shoot to these fuckers with rubber bullets, 
   that polish undeground catch person like this and kill them beacsue of this . 
  like you know 0 tolerance for this was in polish society . 
  few executions were actually held and they were late with that order . 
  it 's a popular myth . 
  number of polish righteous among the nations is simmilar to the one of polish szmalcownicy ( people blackmailing and hunting jews ) , but szmalcownicy were far more efficient . 
  you wo n't hear about this on history lessons in poland, 
  this wo n't get upvoted here . 
  / r/europe is full of petty polish nationalists . 
  it 's an interesting article nonetheless, 
  how about you stay civil and do n't personally attack people ? 
  edit : i remember times when being a petty asshole did n't get you upvoted here, 
  na-ah , it 's beautiful : x, 
  [ this sums it up well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-x9vpstqzk8 ), 
  well fuck me . 
  who said we are homophobic ? 
  18-39 year-olds are for it by nearly a half !, 
  what about getting himself a younger wife ? 
  mhm nm mmm hmphn mm queeeen, 
  haha yeah , it was lots of fun actually, 
  they used to . 
  now it 's only `` eer eer '', 
  let it not be cpg grey , let it not be cpg grey ... kurwa how many times this pile manipulations has to be debunked so that people will stop posting it on reddit ? 
  he basically says that all of british revenue from tourism is made thanks to royal family . 
  he suggests that st. paul 's would cease to exist with queen 's abdication . 
  i feel like people who post this on reddit do n't even bother to watch it themselves, 
  how ? 
  by sitting on fancy chairs ? 
  profits they supposedly bring come from enterprises , that in republics are owned by the state . 
  monarchy is about tradition and symbolism , not money . 
  monarchs unify nations they serve , their role is priceless, 
  come on , st. paul 's and buckingham palace would stop attracting tourists without the queen ? 
  just as versailles stopped ? 
  this is a really crap argument , these sites would n't disapeer with monarchy gone . 
  haha that source though . 
  it 's like a news outlet managed by edgy 16 year olds,
