  that 's idiotic . 
  po is center-right , chadec party quit this childish `` na-ah you 're leftist '' game . 
  the fact you disagree with someone does n't mean he 's left wing, 
   previous polish `` centre-left '' govt which government is that ? 
   i did n't notice the 2009 global crash , the double-dip recession . . etc. 
  i guess it did n't happened then . 
  you sound like these people caliming global warming is n't a thing since there was snow last winter, 
  the joke is he 's hungarian, 
  enough said . 
  i too get tired of these morons . 
  one thing is to vote leave , the other to vote this way as an ignorant moron because of your unfactual prejudice, 
  '' - germany '' really ??? 
  germany said that ? 
  i fucking hate this clickbaity journalism for dummies, 
  chances of getting medals for the best athletes are far greater than for the regular ones . 
  eu team would only contain of the best from every state, 
  sounds jewish to me . 
  smity\u0144ski would be his christian surname, 
  did n't jews invent capitalism ? 
  good for you spain !, 
  i would expect them to have more of that italian meh attitude to eastern europe 's politics, 
  enough porn for today, 
  their independence boner will be so flaccid by that time , they might even change their mind half way out, 
  with popular support around 2 %, 
  that 's pathetic . 
  ech , to visit a country just because you saw it in a movie , not a very good one on that . 
  people can be really shallow . 
  most of americans still propably visit poland because of schindler 's list . 
  let this play in the background https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bojt3fvky0, 
  before joining eu you were the slowest growing economy in g7 , now you are the fastest, 
  every time you can you compare romania and other european countries to some 3rd world living vermin and yet you are surprised ? 
  it all startet with ukip loving ignorant asshole calling romania shitty . 
  some people are fed up with your arrogance, 
  haha , some would think he would check his tea for polon before drinking, 
  well , not live anymore :p, 
  tell me how much time did uk spend traped in easter bloc ? 
  how much time under foreign occupation ? 
  how much lynching on other states like india or sudan ? 
  am i surprised wages in uk are slightly higher than here ? 
  not very much . 
  what does your braging about money have to do with anything i said before ? 
  i have no idea . 
  first time i see fox news linked here and i do n't like it, 
  yup , such a shitty country romania is . 
  country of teenage pregnancies , muslim ghettos and drop in wages of this decade comparable only to one of greece and all of that archived without socialist totalitarian dictatorship ... oh wait , it 's uk i 'm talking about, 
  it 's one of the first , if not the first time , i hear about a green party advocating for something reasonable, 
  and what if ? 
  that 's my point . 
  you ca n't know for sure that 3rd country wo n't attack your ally this year . 
  that 's some european spirit . 
  and we were angry at that republican guy who did n't want to protect eesti in case of russian invasion . 
  i feel like these chamberlain-style comments always come from germans, 
  it 's just badly worded i think, 
  roman empire is back, 
  but somehow the educated , familiar with the rest of europe part of society backed by majority of experts on economy , law and eu backed remain . 
  how curious, 
  what are the main arguments against renzis reforms ? 
  it seems to me like it 's a no-brainer to vote yes, 
  which is a shame . 
  it 's always sadden me how ignorant american and israeli jews can be about homeland of tens of generations of their forefathers . 
  my country being seen only as the land of death is nothing but depressing and annoying . 
  i 'm so triggered, 
   alone all around europe  all around why do foregin tourist allways have to poit out how `` all around '' they have been , while not visiting even half of the countries ? 
  why would there be ? 
  do n't transgender people want to be of opposite gender ? 
  who would want to be classified as both ? 
  is n't this kinda thing that tumblr edgy sapiosexual feminazi would do ? 
  litterely yesterday you beheaded and raped a man, 
  you 're a gay refugee ? 
   no arrests have been made my chest hurts . 
  to think that we are taking in these scums as `` refugees '' and hope we can fix their twisted minds . 
  this is all sickening, 
  blah , stop complaining , people . 
  folks in andalusia are melting down and you 're whining about some refreshing little rain , 
  good because it 's cool or bad because it 's rainy ? 
  do you even paradox interactive ? 
  you 're british , you tell us, 
  foreign power invades land previously invaded by you 3 . 
  ~ ~ take it back ~ ~ liberate it 4 . 
  i have some bad news sweden . 
  i 'm afraid your left may be retarded, 
  not just approaching , they were already stationaiting on the opposite bank of vistula . 
  kick some german arse , there was no proper plan . 
  it ended up with germans butchering nearly 200 thousands innocent people and a marvelous city razed to the ground, 
  and here i was hoping , that no of my compatriots will join this pathetic martyr contest, 
  alliance of nations nobody likes but themselves just add turkey and israel to the bunch and you 're golden, 
   polish citizens killed jewish populations within poland prior to the germans coming in  it is too guilt tripped to act normally that it is fucking europe up with inaction  polish and ukrainians did n't know anything about modern housing at the time  just do n't forget that poles were filthy enough to kill jews on their own and were cowardly enough to pin it on the germans before admitting to it years after . 
   i am not saying that the atrocities were n't bad - but who the fuck cares . 
   germans freaking out and be worried they will be called nazis for having some sort of immigration views or complaining about the migration policies - whereas their neighbors in poland are able to stand up and say , no we do n't want any . 
  that 's an impresve amont of ignorance covered in blind nationaism . 
  you 're really not worthy my time . 
  you know nothing of germany , poland nor basic history . 
  stop calling yourself german do n't go back to / r/canada , rather to / r/the _ donald, 
   shitty guilt trip i ca n't even . 
  are you 15 ? 
  and you say to me to `` read some history '' ? 
  do you know anything at all about ww2 german atrocities ? 
   soviet troops were amazed at the quality of homes the germans had and it did n't take long for people to ruin the maintenances of houses by bringing their filthy animals in the houses like it was some stall . 
  what does it have to do with warmi\u0144sko-mazurski being poorer than the rest of poland ? 
  we were talking about you using phrases as cringy as `` ah , my families ancestral land , home of the masurian lakes '' and comming up with the idea that polish unjustfull ocupation is to blame for the region 's weak economy .
