  jusus fuck o_o that 's the first time i hear about this, 
  that makes him belarusian . 
  it 's simple math really, 
   the lithuanian-polish commonwealth wew , that 's some mad skills in triggering, 
  now it 's the time for a triple battle for mickiewicz between poland lithuania and belarus, 
  why do all dutch folks here assume i speak their language . 
  i did n't know he was making a joke and thought that gilders is just an ordinary dutch word so i made a joke myself : /, 
  belarus was consider to be a part lithuania back then , especially by the polish, 
  this one from the new york times , do they really had to label european and nato flags ? 
  hell polish has more shared vocabulary with these two than russian . 
  although it 's probably depends on a dialect . 
  lukashenko and his minions try to speak and promote a mixture of both russian and bellarussian . 
  i would imagine that version has more in common with russian than polish unlike the clear bellarussian . 
  its amazing how many folks in ukraine are bilingual in russian and ukrainian . 
  they think it 's natural , but it 's damn impressive to me, 
  is he related to any far right politicians ? 
  he could at least try not to mispronounced the country 's name, 
  what would be a second choice party for a fdp voter ? 
  cdu ? 
  romans wrote iiii , iv is a later invention, 
  i tell you, 
  they write 9 with oryginal viiii , but 4 with iv and not iiii ? 
  decide on one way, 
  this is really hard to read . 
  do we have any clearer representation ? 
  that 's a lot, 
   share familial ties to the point where our populations are literally related and we are not ? 
  and how are americans - who are in the biggest part german and irish - more than us ? 
  you can track my and yours shared ancestor in in the last few centuries, 
  yeah of course it 's that video . 
  it does n't address any of points i made . 
  and these tourist attractions would magically disappear with abolishment of monarchy ? 
  st. paul 's and and the tower of london would fall apart with signing of a new constitution ? 
  there might be less tourists comming in but majority would still be comming . 
  there might be even more of them thanks to media fuss around queens abdication . 
  i heard many good arguments for keeping a monarch but a money argument does n't belong to them . 
   a monarchy that delivers more in tourism revenue than we spend on it . 
  how do you measure that ? 
  poor w , nobody wants you : <, 
  i wo n't remember this, 
  yu kent bi siryus inglish spelin is ridikyulusli difikult yeah , that 's how ridiculous english spelling is . 
  i learned both german and english , german is much simpler to read properly i mean , two , too and to ? 
  really ? 
  so how am i supposed to write this vowel separately ? 
  spod is a new spelling of `` z pod '' ( from under ) , it 's less than 100 years old . 
   ispod it 's like the polish word `` spod '' but from apple, 
  that 's ... that 's haram , right ? 
   germany ( they have done it twice already ) do you even history ? 
  that 's something i would expect an american to say . 
  not your intention but i giggled on that question . 
  poor \u0141odz, 
  seriously though , it 's from 2013 . 
  too old, 
  have you seen their gdp ? 
  it looks ukrainian not turkish, 
  it 's neither . 
  it 's just a temporary trend , a one that makes concerned people happy , which makes it a good trend . 
  i 'm kinda sick of this `` progresive '' circlejerk here on reddit and my gay friends crying about much injustice , as if we were like the gay guys in 3rd reich , but one ca n't not see it 's as a good thing that this changes are taking place . 
  you guys are pathetic . 
  first you blame on us everything that is wrong or supposedly wrong with you , then show us a major fuck you in a form of brexit and now you 're all crying about silly downvotes in every possible , even slightly related to uk , tread . 
  i know they are doing their job and all , but it still makes me feel ill to see how our leaders hurry to blow this conscious cheeto, 
  hahaha :d i wish this meme was popular outside of reddit, 
  finally !, 
  we were looking for this bastard for over 70 years !, 
  wasnt he sarcastic ? 
  yeah , and funnily enough thats where most poles in pre-war germany lived, 
  in colaboration with the gay lobby as usual, 
  in addition , the dutch called it the `` spanish disease '' , the russians called it the `` polish disease '' , and the turks called it the `` christian disease '' or `` frank ( western european ) disease '' ( frengi ) . 
  these `` national '' names were generally reflective of contemporary political spite between nations and frequently served as a sort of propaganda ; the protestant dutch , for example , fought and eventually won a war of independence against their spanish habsburg rulers who were catholic , so referring to syphilis as the `` spanish '' disease reinforced a politically useful perception that the spanish were immoral or unworthy .   from wikipedia `` polish disease '' t _ t, 
  why was n't this a news ?? 
  and macron, 
  oh gosh , let us mem, 
  anyone ? 
  do n't expect of him to thnk through what he has to say . 
  it 's juncker we are talking about here . 
  eurocrats are people , not robots and this one is a moron on top of that . 
  mitrandir 's new boyfriend . 
  it does sound like something from lotr, 
  o_o its better to just use google translator, 
  i do believe you , i just do n't understand how can this be tolerated for so long . 
  there has to be some way of fighting it, 
   is because a lot of citizenships ca n't be renounced wut ?? 
  how is that supposed to work ? 
  that 's a human right !, 
  as much as i may not like her , the idea does n't seem half bad . 
  you 're french or you 're not it simple as that . 
  france should be something more than a piece of land , it should be something that citizens feel allegiance to, 
  translation for foreginers : polish carpathian mountains, 
  that completely doesnt sound like him . 
  there are other factors and bosnia does n't have muslim majority, 
  that 's debatable . 
  pretty much all stats you can find present turkish society as culturally closer to their middle eastern neighbours than european ones . 
  nothing determines culture more than religion, 
  what is a continent then ? 
  a land separated from other lands by water bigger than greenland ? 
  then we have just three of those : /, 
  european civil war 2019-2026 as well, 
  oh he looks like that chp guy !, 
  nothing . 
  there are other historical flags in the room and one seen on the pic is not only 1410 related .
