  thanks for that, 
  i love classical architecture so much, 
  brexit or not , truth is uk 's economic `` success '' is inevitable simply because of their natural growth . 
  they are expected to have population of 90 million by 2050 if i remember correctly . 
  london is about to get pretty crowded, 
  being proud of ignorance and arrogance seems to be in fashion these days . 
  easter poland gtfo, 
  according to whom ? 
  americans ? 
  israel at 53 ? 
  give me a break . 
  erm ... good for you ? 
  germans get up off their knees too . 
  yeah , people vote for hateful twats , because some anonymous redditors are mean to them and it hurts their feelings . 
  this dumb meme should die a long time ago . 
  people are dumb . 
  get over it . 
  macron is a liberal with backing of a completely new party . 
  his voters are critical thinking cosmopolitans living in cities . 
  trump find his supporters mostly among zealous republicans and rednecks . 
  nah , i do n't buy this . 
  these are too funny and too random to be real, 
  inglish cud bi as wel if yu onli wantyd tu, 
  it got much cooler now . 
  10 degrees drop in just two days, 
  i 'm going out for a beer in a moment , 
  most of warsaw looks like shit though . 
  there are tons of ugly commie crap even in the center, 
   the women to the right of philip carry flags embroidered with the weapons of his new spanish and netherlandish possessions . 
  the third on represents italy me thinks, 
   the women to the right of philip carry flags embroidered with the weapons of his new spanish and netherlandish possessions . 
  looks to me like these women are supposed to represent netherlands ( or gemrnay as a whole ) , spain and italy . 
  coast of arms on their flags belongs to habsbourg possessions in these three countries, 
  aaaah to be a lawyer in a family with ties to an autocratic government :'), 
  these stats are missliding since every country has its own way of counting crimes, 
  just to gave votes to po . 
  these to share the same electorate, 
  you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole, 
  the shittiest piece of polish cinematography since battle of warsaw ( 2011 ), 
  even during a symbolic minute of silence there will be these few morons desperately trying to put themselves in the center of attention . 
  oh fucking kill me already, 
  like at least two times, 
  personal union is n't synonymous with a federation and middle ages ended in 15th century . 
  if you do n't know stuff this basic , then maybe you should n't try to teach others history, 
  it 's a nice fountain and all , but surroundings really do n't go well with it . 
  rome is way too tight and too crowded, 
  plus , the main goal of the game is to achieve civil partnerships , this is the basic stuff that every european country should introduce . 
  gay marriage is a nice , but not essential dlc . 
  support for civil partnerships is twice as high as for the gay marriage, 
  repost , but such a lovely one . 
  this graph always makes me a bit happier, 
  polish gems are all hidden in germany, 
  same here . 
  their leader is such a disappointment . 
  before elections he was a sharp economist and now he turned out to be a goofy halfwit, 
  kukiz and pis might be similar , but po and n are nearly the same thingy and they already talk of going into elections together, 
  what 's the source for that ? 
  polish people 's republic rejected any reparations on stalin 's command, 
  if israel can get so much then why not poland ? 
  poland did n't get a penny since russians kindly took everything for us . 
  we also did n't get anything form marshall plan while nazis did . 
  i would expect at least a small gesture of goodwill . 
  rebuilding saxon palace or paying for renovation of some of warsaw main tourist attractions, 
  you still have nearly a milion to give back . 
  hurry up, 
  they missed yugoslavia, 
  not `` ducal '' family ? 
  i 'm just a nigga with a rocket launcher, 
  that 's the word of smartasses for holandia, 
  please do shut up with this dumb meme already . 
  i did n't vote directly for any member of our government either and somehow no one is debating their legitymacy . 
  eu citizens elected epp to form a new ec and so they did . 
  end of the story . 
  besides all the more or less undemocratic aspects of the eu are kept by eurosceptic and euro-opportunists desperately trying to water down european project and keep power in the hands of governments rather than europeans . 
  blame them for existence of european council or ep not having enough power, 
  here we go again :'), 
  no , there are also bi folks and lot 's of undefined msm mostly creepy homophobes de facto gay or bi, 
  not gay men , but men having sex with other men . 
  it 's about sex , not sexual orientation, 
  when shit goes down in your country just look at turkey and know , that it could be much worse :'), 
  meh , just temporarily . 
  he will sign them after few minor cosmetic changes, 
  i would need google , wikipedia and some time to translate all these dumb law terms into english and i 'm in the middle of a train ride . 
  let 's just say that this bill gives minister of justice lots of instruments to fuck with judges at will without consulting more or less apolitical bodies, 
  but he will sign the 3rd one and his veto is sidelining bills only temporarily . 
  it 's not like he became a liberal overnight, 
  nope :p, 
  he was . 
  officially president of the republic is apolitical . 
  that said , it 's very unlikely for him to not sign these bills, 
  kadyrov 's too, 
  i do have peoblems with them , but none of their sins were promised . 
  pis on the other hand is proud of being the party of hate . 
  you can neven be sure if po will fuck you in the ass , but pis is telling you they will from the very beggining . 
  i may disagree with some actions of po , bur pis is from completely different ideological planet, 
  do n't upvote foreign shitpost just because you understand them . 
  it 's still a dumb shitpost, 
  one wants to imprison gay people , have crazy conspiracy theories as ministers , support all kinds of nationalistic bigotry and has mps directly appointed by a catholic hate preacher but the other one had a minister that swore on a private meeting equally bad me thinks ... 
  i feel like they are making these marches every day now . 
  do they differ somehow ?
