  anyhing , but act smart , not like loonies like wilders . 
  the goal should not be to infuriate them, 
  sorry , i 'm bit tired and on mobile, 
  the thing is , author of the map is not sure if israelis or turks should be counted as native europeans , immigrants or neither of those , hence the green color, 
  it 's disputed , if israel is in europe like turkey , not if people living there have european ancestry, 
   self reported  still bigger than average nice, 
  would you like to be kissed anywhere else ? 
  love her or hate her , that girl has some balls . 
  i wish our pm was this tough and eloquent, 
  supposedly . 
  i 'm too young to remember jp2 , but the current pope proved me that wikipedia overestimates papal foreign language skills, 
  tell that to ukrainians and croats, 
  really ? 
  of all places ? 
  assuming she could live as long as her mother , she still have 12 years of walking among us . 
  prince philip on the other hand looks dead already . 
  sure as if brexit campaign was n't fueled by fear of the rest of europe . 
  the main point of the european project is to share our continent with each other and secure its prosperity by working together . 
  being against the union is being against europe . 
  sniff, 
  only islamic rather than catholic and most importantly their loyalty wo n't lie with european states , but turkey . 
  for now they 're not . 
  turks and kurds are very nationalistic , we might yet see european versions of akp . 
  wilhelmus von nassau na na na na duitsen blute that 's all i remember :p, 
  https://youtu.be/ccwwbpbmwca there 's a wonderful channel on yt where survivors of holocaust in poland share their memories . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/d/d3/unemployed_persons%2c_in_millions%2c_seasonally_adjusted%2c_eu-28_and_ea-19%2c_january_2000_-_january_2017_.png oh just look at that . 
  it seems like unemployment of the whole union is coming down steadily . 
  thank fucking god for brexit !, 
  you saved europe just by one vote !, 
  an amazing achievement , i tell you . 
   this is news like two days ago and few before that  people kept saying how fucked the uk would be and expected total disaster . 
  in an event of what ? 
  dumb rumbling ? 
  that 's pretty much all we have heared so far . 
  i heared her speak on tv . 
  sucha a bright old lady, 
  i 'm happy for you , but it would be lovely if british shitposters would stop bombarding us with news about uk 's economy . 
  all of eu is doing great and the rest of us do n't jack off to stats as you do . 
  oh god , yes !, 
  stop with this joke , guys . 
  i have seen it made here like 6 times already o_o, 
  sure . 
  that 's what all of these outraged morons seem to miss . 
  as a cynical asshole i oppose both sides, 
   conservatives idiots . 
  let 's not pretend , that idiocy and hate are a legitimate political ideology . 
   males do have greater variance in intelligence than women and that does n't mean we are more inteligent . 
  can you read with understanding ? 
  funnny , brexiteers said the same about their referendum and were talking about a new one just after ballot boxes were closed, 
  yeah . 
  there was a lot of talk about this issue when the council debated ongoing budget, 
  what i meant is that with the next budget poland will pay more into common treasury than receive back . 
  the main argument of pis for keeping relatively eu-friendly stance is free money . 
  well yeah , that 's my point . 
  pis ca n't join epp because po is there and both ecr and efdd wo n't survive without conservative party and ukip . 
  btw why do you allweys quote all of the previous comment ? 
  not that it bothers me in any way , but it might make you look pretentious . 
  seems unnecessary and a bit confusing to me, 
  mark my words , pis will join le pen in ep after tories are gone and later on they will join them in a fight against the union with a new budget . 
  sad !, 
  he 's both small by character and posture . 
  this whole action with blocking tusk 's reelection was out of spite . 
  there was no real plan, 
  how many language families could be present in europe before indo-europeans arrived ? 
  ond for basque and aquitan , one for illyrian and one for etruscan ? 
  so at least three , right ? 
  is n't there a theory , that it 's related to etruscan language ? 
  i like her in a sense , i diasagree with her , but i understand the appeal . 
  her place in politics seem needed . 
  farage is your xenophobic buddy from a pub , wilders is nuts , trump is just ridiculous , but she 's a proper politician . 
  she 's smart , eloquent and charismatic . 
  maybe it 's just because she 's a woman , dunno , but i feel like she earned her place on the stage , unlike the three mentioned gentlemen . 
  so xenophobia then ? 
  not much of a surprise here, 
  that 's a very shallow perception of the problem . 
  no one says that uk would do bad outside of the eu economically just that it woudl do worse and economy is only one of discussed topics . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  vast majority of even voting people have no interest in politics . 
  young people growing up without eu will be sceptical towards the project, 
  who was not elected by you ? 
  british commisioner ? 
  british meps ? 
  british memeber of the european council ? 
  maybe british judges ? 
  learn something about war in the east and what hell the continent went through . 
  learn about casulties of countries like su or poland , about mass executions , hunger , destruction of cities , holocaust and more . 
  then get back and tell me about the british struggle . 
  we in poland know , what it means so be unfree and that 's why your whining is so damn pathetic to me . 
  find yourselfe a good argument , a one that means something . 
  all this freedom-soverignity crap just proves how much of ignorant halfwits brexiteers are . 
  -_- how so ? 
  lol !, 
  freedom from what ? 
  bend bananas ? 
  how rich it is for a brit to talk about oppression and freedom . 
  whole 20th century they spend in democracy isolated from totalitarian regimes on their cozy little island taiking freedom away from others . 
  just fuck the rifght off , it 's my union that you 're insulting here . 
  looks like an overdone rip off of this fella https://twitter.com/zantonimnews/status/839928511276154880, 
  yup . 
  guy on the pic is polish minister of foreign affairs,
