  germans really should n't claim einstein to be their own . 
  he had to flee germany to save his life from german nationalism . 
  it feels wrong and unfair to all those who perished in eruption of german barbarity, 
  im so triggered . 
  give us sklodowska and we will let you have half of chopin !, 
  boles\u0142aw i chrobry 5 $ kazimierz iii wielki 10 $ w\u0142adys\u0142aw ii jagie\u0142\u0142o 20 $ kazimierz iv jagielonczyk 50 $ zygmunt ii august 100 $ jan iii sobieski 200 $ stanis\u0142aw ii august 500 $ if not these then kazimierz odnowiciel , zygmunt stary and stefan batory should get their banknotes, 
  ech too many of them on reddit, 
  you can get kabanosy in germany or in any polski sklep in london , but you probably know thats very well, 
  new here ? 
  americans here love nothing more than ask about themselvs, 
  erm all of them ? 
  is this really that unusuall ? 
  i do n't think there are many europeans that wouldnt recognize at least half of them, 
  but borders wo n't look nice ... 
  as if person this dumb would know what are finland 's neighbours, 
  it known in our history as `` kr\u00f3l piast '' , a king elected from polish-lithuanian nobility, 
  european council is a collective head of state for the union . 
  eu council is the `` upper chamber '' of the parliament , second to european parliament, 
  very much so . 
  i also support bringing back old traditions , titles and offices from before partitions . 
  president is just another divisive politician , while monarch is a living symbol of a nation . 
  my thought exactly, 
  so they speak hochdeutch there ? 
  one would think region this much isolated and rual would keep its dialect . 
  i see american democrats in them , just by looking at voters they attract . 
  not really . 
  libertarians are fringe loonies , liberals support basic social programs and elementary protectionism while libertarians want guns in supermarkets . 
  they are liberals not libertarians, 
  then you 're a liberal, 
  have you ever been to a big city like warsaw or krak\u00f3w ? 
  meet any young educated people ? 
  i feel like you live in the worst shithole without any perspective for intelligent folk . 
  can you get any more shallow and factless with a political analysis ? 
  i ca n't see how, 
  i loved it and upvoted every post then i got baned for taking a poor fellow into the loop and explaining what 's the sub all about . 
  i messaged mods and asked for forgiveness and they banned me from massaging them in response . 
  great sub but mods are fucking assholes, 
  it 's not a country though . 
  their status is simmilar to the one of holy see, 
  / r/circlejerk is leaking again, 
  [ ary - higher ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtaz6jc2mr0 ), 
  so she would on herself out of spite convince generals and whole of administration to make a nuclear attack on russia because of ... emails ? 
  really ? 
  i feel like you have spend too much time in one of trumpeter 's echo chamber and started to belive all of their bullshit, 
  bum haha . 
  i love this one, 
  you 're speaking english and using reddit , you 're probably a uni student from middle or upper class . 
  squatting slavs are n't exactly rich nor educated . 
  there are probably lots of chavs in slovenia , you just do n't have them among your friends . 
  haha some folks here are so full of shit . 
  `` seeing races is so previous century '' `` we 're too civilised to see races '' `` nobody really care over here '' oh fuck off . 
  you have some severe case of colorblindnes if you ca n't spot someone 's slightly darker skin . 
  it 's not racist to see fucking colors !, 
  it 's the same at every comment section here . 
  bossy europeans circljerking each other , talking themselves into believing how much progressive and open their countries are . 
  not in their new country , that 's the point, 
  jesus , get your shit together english speakers and start writing phonetically . 
  two , too and to are all the same !, 
  rip wise old mage juppe i still hope for the best , but i learned to not overestimate people 's stupidity, 
  you go gurl !, 
  warsaw and budapest too, 
  telly : tvp - ridiculous government propaganda , a dark comedy o sort tvn24 - our own little cnn , poor quality and soft-tabloid journalism . 
  they put pandas and other cute animals on air more often than world leaders republika - fox news , another pis propaganda chanel but this one is n't state owned newspapers : wyborcza - liberal bias rzeczpospolita - fairly balanced i guess and that 's about it ... 
  oh no , it goes far beyond what 's normal . 
  mongols , turks , jews all are involved , states completely ignore geographic , natural borders . 
  religions and `` cultures '' go wilde . 
  there shoul be some mechanics keeping factions close to their bioms . 
  mongols should stay close to the step and arabs to the desert, 
  skyrim , attila total war and eu4, 
  i hate mechanics of ck2 , it goes so wrong after just a short gameplay . 
  the music , the looks are so beautiful , but system ... gah . 
  the border gore alone makes me sick and there is so much more wrong with the game ... eu4 is so so much better . 
  feudal system needs a completely different approach . 
  i ca n't wait for ck3, 
  thank mr. voltaire tut tut, 
  sure but he 's not relevant enough i 'm talking of the last emperor that should future on a banknote, 
  the first should be augustus ( duh ) and the last charlemagne since later hre monarchs are too politically divisive . 
  there should also be a place for justinian for his contributions to preservation of roman law and of course the idea of bringing west back into the empire so that 's 1 , 200 and 500 notes . 
  roman emperors of course seem kinda obvious to me, 
  maybe maybe they are the same person with a personality disorder, 
  i 'm so triggered, 
  that we are antysemites x (, 
  haha playing both is fairly simmilar, 
  thanks !, 
  i will post my question here tomorrow . 
  t-these are actual words ?? 
  i wonder ... do our degrees valid all over union or only in our countries ? 
  how does one turn from dutch lawyer into belgian lawyer ? 
  im scared shitless of loosing control of my legs after alco , but considering that without it i wo n't even think of dancing , i guess it 's my only hope to have some of these `` fun '', 
  pls no . 
  let me forget all these pain and suffering . 
  we had roman law on the first year with all of these auxiliary subjects , histories , sociology and such, 
  it 's pretty much the same in basis , it 's all based on roman law . 
  nothing much changed since cicero and ulpianus, 
  honestly i do n't see much of a difference haha, 
  both criminal and civil law are a full year subjects over here , so i have a year till exams on these . 
  my `` exercise '' teacher on civil give us homework every two weeks though i do n't really like this places . 
  not that drag queens are creeping me out or something , but i 'm allergic to youth `` fun '' in general . 
  im over 50 inside and can get completely drank on one or two stronger beers , quiet pathetic . 
  maybe i was dutch in a previous life magek ik veren nederlander in ei preven liv .
