  french german, 
  wow it 's like you guys speak one language !, 
  we have one of the lowest numbers of guns per capita in europe though . 
  that may be an important factor . 
  yeah here he wo n't get shot by a policeman . 
  cyprus could unify in next ten years . 
  catalan and scotland wo n't become independent any soon . 
  eu may federalize a bit more . 
  russia will most likely annex donbass sooner or later after a referendum with 108 % turnout . 
  great story , heartwarming . 
  why are foreign media so quiet about juppe ? 
  i do n't know two shits about the guy and he for now has the biggest chances for the win, 
  with english subtitles of course !!, 
  i was recently watching the crown and i have noticed that english speakers pronounce `` regina '' with this g like in `` vagina '' . 
  i giggled as a child i am and then realized that we misspronounce latin words as well . 
  we read latin q as kv for example . 
  this `` no one watches eurovision '' edgy circlejerk should died out a long time ago . 
  exactly , so where does the dumb idea that romania would be one is coming from ? 
  sure because uk or denmark are seen as such / s, 
  or actually know how bringing back monarchy would change international opinion on romania . 
  no offence romanians , but as much as you may love your country , for most of the world romania is just another poor excommie country , with nothing significant to remember it for . 
  king is a living symbol of a nation , he would make your country at least a bit more significant and with all that nepotism and corruption you have , you really should n't care for one unelected official . 
  so i guess we can forget about gay marriage :d, 
  what else is known about this constitution ? 
  that 's first time i heard about it . 
  aaaaand ... they 're black edit : why allways muslim , black or both ? 
  why eastern europeans or asians are never on these kind of videos ? 
  am i subconsciously racist , somehow blocking memories of british vietnamese murderers or french hungarian thiefs ( sarkozy does n't count ) ? 
  so the difference is in margin of error , author himself say to do n't take it too serious , but you 're making preposterous claim that poles are somehow stupider than their neighbours because of nazi atrocities ? 
  there 's nothing that annoys me more on reddit , than these wannabe historians mixing their fantasy with truth . 
  poland have lower what ? 
  where the fuck did you read that nonsense ? 
  and ending it much earlier, 
  surely shorter than ones that got life sentences :p, 
  source ? 
  that sounds like bullshit, 
  more like european commission, 
  was that escorial ? 
  i love that building !, 
  first - protestant spirit , british expectionallism second - geographically separated from mainland third - euromyths more popular than in the rest of europe , even though brits are n't more ignorant on eu than the rest of us, 
  and then comes a german poll saying how hippie progresive european muslims are . 
  i do n't know what to belive in anymore . 
  i like it , but they do n't put as much of work into reserch as jabzy does . 
  they make lots of mistakes . 
  oh really ?? 
  how kind of you !, 
  thank you for your permission , sir !, 
  just need to pack some potatoes and plunger and i 'm right there to work for my most civilized , new british masters . 
  really , you could n't sound more pretentious . 
  i got that it 's a joke ( unlike many apparently ) but is there some origin story to this ? 
  what am i reading here ? 
  it 's the same in poland . 
  the right wing pis is nationalistic , catholic and ultra conservative , but on the other hand very much socialist in the economy ... buuuut that does n't really change the classical definitions of concepts like `` liberalism '' or `` left wing '', 
   liberal `` liberal '' does n't equate left wing in europe !, 
  we are talking economics here , there is nothing liberal about social programs and high taxes . 
  mass murders , rapes , massacres , plunders on an seen scale ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_crimes_of_the_wehrmacht block from what , your safe space ? 
  how old are you , five ? 
  what a dumb fucking thing to say . 
  next time before you start replicate myths like `` wermacht did nothing wrong '' do at least a bit of research . 
  ooooooh 10/10 rekt, 
  luckily something like 75 % of people are for keeping the current status quo . 
  does anyone still have a pic ? 
  i missed it . 
  that 's how i imagine what partys at elagabalus looked like . 
  off to gulag i go again i guess : /, 
  oh god , i spend a week away from the news and that 's what welcomes me back . 
  i 'm terrified to scroll down , hope we 're still in the eu , you can never know with this mad fuckers in power . 
  edit : pheeew i get it now comrades, 
  dear god , who 's that angel ? 
  i do n't understand it all , but it sounds kinky :3, 
  why do so many people care for browser 's history ? 
  you watch porn in public libraries or on your mum 's pcs ? 
  uhhh pizza with oscypek , chicken , onion and sweet sauce , best pizza you can get, 
  so are your rallys :p, 
  et tu , germoney , contra me ? 
  agree , it 's time for czechia and slovakia to unify once more, 
  uhm , so maybe it 's time to stop calling them `` far right '' ? 
  notorious use of this epithet is really childish . 
  `` far right '' is what we associate with marches of bald troglodytes with torches , not afd , torries or pis . 
  wish they would restore saxon palace in warsaw instead of building more and more museums . 
  besides , we already have polin , no need for this one . 
  ooooh so that 's why everything is in green here !, 
  bolek srolek , what 's important is the fact that he is a fucking moron , also a homophobe and loony catholic . 
  germony : mature , hardworking uk : whiny serbia : mad turkey : smelly kebab albania : little turkey russia : bully, 
  / r/askeurope exists for a reason, 
  oki doki , but we have to start with something , banning child circumcision seems like a good first step into protecting children from their loonie parents . 
  as to the masques , nothing wrong with tempels , towers or whatever they want to build , but arabic ? 
  assimilation wo n't go any further without us gently pushing people in the proper direction . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  minarets are allien to skylines of european cities . 
  circumcision should be decide by a circumcised man , not his parents . 
  i ca n't see how arguing with afd here may seem liberal . 
   ukip to stay that has to be a joke . 
  is there a postion of labour party as a whole ? 
  how 's corbyn voting ? 
  so much about argentina being white, 
  po ( civic platform ) was a ruling party for some time . 
  right wing loonies like to randomly capitalize letters p and o. 
  like in `` pojebany '' ( fucking ) or propaganda . 
  thanks for your service , captain !,
