  the difference is n't really that big and this split is not that visible in all of the elections, 
  i just love how people that do n't even try to pronounce french names correctly want to influence their elections . 
  are you on about the uk or us ? 
  i mean queen might be unelected but she plays mostly a ceremonial role , i do agree with comparisons to the us though, 
  you already proved yourself to be the one . 
  you 're ignoring facts and following your gut feelings . 
  wow wow wow ... are you telling me , that comments on you tube , the_donald and all of these lobotomized cretins cheering for le pen actually do n't know shit about french politics ?? 
  how many people live in the french guyana ? 
  ahaha these get more and more ridiculous, 
  name calling , really ? 
  you should have read my last comment about iq level of an average the_donald poster on a level of mental retardation . 
  i 'm liberal outside of your pc circle of self adoration and victim playing . 
  were they wrong with brexit or trump ? 
  it became a bit of an annoying myth . 
  in all three cases the polls were right, 
  average iq over there is on a level of mental retardation . 
  you ca n't be too harsh on them . 
  i mean , they do know a surname of one candidate and maybe even her first name , that 's a lot . 
  maybe . 
  the propblem is that muslims have a much higher birth rate !, 
  in france it 's above 3 , if i remember correctly . 
  you get less of `` old religious people '' and get more of crazy religious people , that unlike catholics hold their religious beliefes not only as a religion , but also as a political ideology and to a degree their nationality . 
  thank god he created atheist too and muslim birth rates in europe are dropping, 
  they are n't that much bigger now . 
  it 's all a matter of perspective, 
  you are confusing council of the eu with european council there . 
  i see the point though, 
  lol !, 
  misiewicz , kry\u017ce , jasi\u0144ski and piotrowicz are all high ranking pis politicians . 
  kry\u017ce was a judge while piotrowicz a prosecutor in a hunt after democratic opposition in the late days of communist rule . 
  hypocrites !, 
  pis is full of corruption and red dinosaurs often with blood on their hands, 
  ... oh ffs , no wonder hitler shot himself, 
  why they changed it ? 
  do people just like it better that way ? 
  meh , there 's no fun in elections with such an obvious outcome . 
  i for one wo n't even bother to get myselfe popcorn . 
  european council should be disbanded and its competences passed on to the comission . 
  an executive body directly elected by the citizens . 
  council of the eu could be dissolved as well , both represent the aspect of the eu as an international organization . 
  well obviously it 's an allegory for waterloo and trafalgar as well as brexit and other great victories of the british people !, 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/travel/galleries/travel/destinations/australiaandpacific/newzealand/new-zealands-new-flag-the-best-and-worst-designs/flag16_3377496a-large.jpg this this is the flag uk should adopt if scotland leaves, 
  a one that has a popular pattern and colors, 
  damn you people are snarky and mean . 
  i better just delete these two light hearted comments to spare myselfe reading your replies . 
  yup . 
  did i say polish one is not ? 
  ooooh that does explain a lot . 
  if i ever master german , i will go for the french next, 
  pls , made this sticky mods :( edit : i ca n't understand a thing , but i love this song about poutou https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsyfxxivpek, 
  thanks kiddo !, 
  you made grandpas life a bit easier :p, 
  with northern ireland it 's kinda inevitable looking at the demographic stats . 
  dunno how long will support for scottish independence crawl up , it 's seems like it stoped after an eruption during salmond 's leadership . 
  so apparently schulz-zug does have some breaks , 
  how to you switch from mobile wikipedia to a desktop version ? 
  a-are you parodying trumpets ? 
  ... nope , it 's another moron from the_donald thinking that the world revolves around america, 
  let 's hope it wo n't rain or anything . 
  his voters are quite laid back  _ , 
  red sun rises , that 's a good omen for melenchon !, 
  that toothless smile . 
  he looks like a gray-haired baby, 
  arch prime minister, 
  sure he did faught for the right cause and all , but is it right to commemorate `` successful '' soldiers ? 
  their success depended on taking away lives . 
  there 's something wrong here . 
  killing an enemy soldier fighting under a standard of totalitarianism is not a regular murder , but it 's still not something to be proud of . 
  it should be seen as necessity . 
  ech bad wording it was n't supposed to sound so melodramatic :d, 
  til there is a sub called / r/rightwinglgbt with subscribers even more frequently brain dead than it 's usual for lgbt subreddits !, 
  shameless advertisement of small / r/2137 full of pope memes , passing by, 
  juncker will slap all the people in the room but kiss soros ring, 
  i wo n't click that . 
  someone spare us brain cancer and give us a quick summary, 
  these are just labels . 
  pis is n't a generic conservative party , that would be po . 
  pis is more like a catholic akp . 
  religious zealots with loads of nationalism . 
  no one thinks in these kind of categories , expect maybe for russian politicians stucked in the previous era . 
  germany is our closest partner on countless of fields , pis might be xenophobic , but there 's no force that could rip poland away from germany . 
  turkey is in asia and russia ... russia is its own thing, 
  i fear that the polls overestimate macron 's numbers . 
  he 's the one of the top 4 with the least pronounced ideas , with the most laid back electorate . 
  le pen 's , melenchon 's and and even fillon 's elderly voters are much more determined, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsyfxxivpek&amp;index=51 i wish i could understand french just for the memes : /, 
  my great grandfather was one of these forced labourers you care so much about , you lobotomized halfwit . 
  incredible, 
  you reallt want to play this game ? 
  there was 7 times more polish forced labourers in nazi germany that german ones in stalinist poland !, 
  ffs , what are you trying to prove here ? 
   was right next to auschwitz in auschwitz which was actually used by germans !, 
  you 'll compare a forced labour camp to auschwitz because of proximity between places ? 
  i just do n't have time for arguing with these kind of morons . 
  that 's a moronic argument . 
  what if a muslim district of london would vote for joining pakistan ? 
  what if argentina invades the islands and populate them with their own people ? 
  direct democracy is bullshit . 
  masses can be easily swayed either way . 
  besides , small population of faklands should n't have a right to decide the future of big countries like uk or argentina , it 's not just about them .
