  come on, 
  silesia and pomerania were very much a part of hre, 
  oh surely not , but one does n't excluse other , on contrary and that 's my point . 
  if you know a racist little englander , you can be sure how will he vote . 
  it has a lot to do with me , im citizen of this union as much as you are . 
  do n't say `` we '' , it 's your own opinion, 
  what now ? 
  there is a palace at every corner, 
  rational argument ... . . light years of distance ... . brexiters, 
  real truth about brexit : this video so far got 1284 points on ... / r/the _ donald . 
  so much about brexiters not being bunch of delusional xenophobs and racists . 
  arm in arm with `` trumpeters '', 
  rhetorical question, 
  blah blah freedom blah blah take back control blah blah evil elitists and smartypants lying blah blah i have no facts behind me just romanticized bigotry, 
  i feel like with time out comp gets less and less factual, 
  middle class people will still work since the basic income will be ... wait for it ... ** basic ** , that is low . 
  it 's about fairness , why would people get free money for doing nothing while some have to work for it ? 
  it will mobilize unemployed to look for jobs since these welfare is guaranteed no metter if they have one or not . 
  how would that getting buddy buddy with canada or australia look like exactly anyway ? 
  trade it 's not lego , you ca n't just redirect it different way with single decision . 
  besides , they are too different , here we have common goals and problems . 
  with australia you share only language and queen, 
  leftists idiots ? 
  oh look another of these edgy teenagers getting spasm over hearing `` socialism '' . 
  what 's left wing about equall welfare for everyone instead of just for the ones that are economically weak ? 
  sooner or later every 1st world country will apply basic income , there simply wo n't be enough work for us ... wish i was born 200 years later . 
  i would be born muslim though / joke, 
  why was holocaust pointed out separately ? 
  it 's a genocide as any other . 
  a most barbaric crime nonetheless , but that 's not what i 'm arguing . 
  what questions ? 
  commission was pretty clear on no different treatment of uk after brexit . 
  if you think britain will keep being brussels special snow flake after slamming the door on our faces you 're mistaken . 
  as the guy said there are three options after seccesion , no more no less . 
  does anyone expect brexiters talk serious about britain being `` bring along the road '' ? 
  where did you hear that ? 
  because the leave camp is n't exactly a good source of information on what those scarry eurocrats are planing for the uk . 
  wish i was at least half as intelligent , classy and eloquent as sir major in my late years : /, 
  that makes sense, 
  erdogan , u silly  really what kind of degenerated liberal values does imgur spread ? 
  this guy seems to suffer from small dick big ego syndrome , he is machiavelian smart though, 
  grindr is baned in your country . 
  im not an expert but i 'm sure if you would study the problem you would find more of these pinches from akp government to lgbt community . 
  civil and criminal law , that 's just a religious tolerance guaranting paper . 
  there were some pearls though , like 3rd lithuanian status . 
  note that poland did n't have a single one proper law codification before partitions , that says something, 
  more like erdogan vult . 
  there 's a lot of kebab in this empire, 
  brilliant but a repost nonetheless, 
  byzantium finally restored, 
  i was in dem kindergarten back then . 
  do n't blame me :p, 
  they stole us nearly a milion people and think they are the ones fucked by the freedom of movement, 
  he 's a corrupted little whizzle with authoritarian tendencies . 
  good thinking there , but there 's nothing big here . 
  they reapet themselves over and over again and our media already lost interest in their petty crusade . 
  ooooooooooh just look at this fucking edge lord woooooooow, 
  gay nazis , i tell you !, 
  gay kurwa nazis !, 
  erm , she sure looks more british than polish . 
  not that it means anything , but we are whiter and our blonde ratio is higher, 
  well said !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/g6ytus2.png i tried and i failed, 
  you missed poor moldova, 
  / pol / / r/murrica the void and more are after eu flags . 
  looks great, 
  exactly , and this is really the only `` safe space '' federalists have . 
  most of yt , twitter and facebook is occupied by brexiteers and all kind of brain dead nationalists . 
  they are hardly as civile and eloquent as folks here . 
  why would you do that ? 
  mean and counterproductive, 
  me thinks that they have abandoned this project and switched to the other flag, 
  `` mighty yurop '' will be back after a nap, 
  not with that attitude, 
  it 's here --  / r/place, 
  there 's a simplified version of latin called interlingua, 
  fancy, 
  gah your flag is confusing . 
  i thought you 're a croat, 
  we have a `` belweder '' in warsaw too , but [ our is n't as impresive ] ( http://static.lovetotravel.pl/galery/th/th1_5439_belweder.jpg ), 
  and here i was thinking you are missing the uk t __ t, 
  by some dubious rankings counting numbers of citations ? 
  wew oxford sure is the best european universities because people read their papers ... written in english . 
  so they are counting numbers of citations and publications in science magazines and surprise surprise all `` top universities '' are in english speaking countries . 
  huh ? 
  hallo !, 
  there is a sub for questions / r/askeurope and even there they despise the notorious american tourist questions, 
  amazing how there are people stupid enough to post this crap unironically . 
  this looks like a satire on political satire . 
  first , i was n't entirely serious , secondly , obviously it would be a symptom not a cause v __ v, 
  and then people ask why italian economy is n't growing : /, 
  m-maybe he was sarcastic ? 
  people ca n't be this stupid, 
  yeah , in poland i could vote for two epp parties or ultra-catholic loonies from pis . 
  i could shot myself in the knee or foot . 
  edit : but you 're probably just going with standard oh how undemocratic eu is , which is lazy and ignorant of you . 
  it 's hardly european commissions fault that people do n't give a shit about eu politics, 
  you 're the_donald subscriber , are n't you ? 
   check my flair it just proves you 're a german, 
  2 years left .
