  it 's his damn thing to do or not . 
  eu is very much in control of some of the uk 's laws as much as uk is in control of some yorkshire 's laws , that 's how social contract works . 
  it 's all good as long as we take part ( indirestly but still ) in making of these laws . 
  i never said that british people are racist . 
  they are one of the most if not the most tollerant nations in the world , but that does n't change the fact that one of a strong factors dragging pople to vote leave is prejudice . 
  we are all assholes , you 're just a bit less . 
  http://i.imgur.com/bsaqsln.png?1 it seems like so far undecided went with remain but since recently they are moving towards leave . 
  how are switzerland and norway not part of european project ? 
  they very much contribute just by different ways . 
  it 's their decission to be european protectorates , than full members . 
  but that 's not a place for uk . 
  it 's country that so far was and still should be leading europe . 
  norway and switzerland , with all sympathy i have for these states , are in different league than uk with it 's soon to be the biggest economy and population in the union . 
  it seems like with rapid growth of undecided procent , remain % drops . 
  that 's good for remain camp , right ? 
  it means undecided lean towards their camp ? 
  you forgot your / s, 
  all these years and generations we build european project and now it 's all about to fall because concept of social contract above national borders is beyond slow minds of brexiters . 
  because benefits of common market are n't visible for them . 
  because big empty nationalistic chants are heared easier than quiet cold logic . 
  because racist concept of us being better than them poor romanians and poles is so nice to live with . 
  because myths about eu are selling only worse than gossip about stars in tabloid world . 
  i so ca n't understand british . 
  people are literally fighting wars to get in and you want leave because ... `` they took our jerbs '' ? 
  thank mr. 
  meaningless one . 
  weee im 20 now ... and still a virgin without a job ... 
  as a gay guy ( yup , it 's my turn to be pretentious asshole and speak for all of us ) i do n't give a shit . 
  it 's nothing more but a silly mistake . 
  although , does he really not check tweets twice before sending them ? 
  i would imagine that he has people to write them for him in the first place, 
  start with mine 14 of june, 
  are you sure ? 
  not many can resist that delight, 
  avoiding a colloquial word is now consider a censorship ? 
  no wonder so many delusional little englanders think of eu as totalitarian foreign occupant . 
  i closed it already ;(, 
   great !, 
  well done !, 
  huh ? 
  does it mean i got all right ? 
  `` let 's not talk about new churches coz the article is about churches in general '' . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  you talk as if there 's no new churches being build in poland right now , like the one outside my window in lublin . 
  and yeah let 's dismiss the guy 's argument because he 's an edgy atheist . 
  last time i checked number of catholics was falling then why do we need more churches ? 
  good to know what tax payers money are spend on, 
  [ these guys ? 
  ] ( http://static.polityka.pl/_resource/res/path/7d/6b/7d6b0ae7-ac8b-4740-9347-de0c0dfa4c88_830x830 ) we used to call them crusaders . 
  you wo n't ever understand greens , do n't waste your time trying to, 
  shhh it 's another glorious conquest for poland, 
  too much salt , you made your point half way of your comment, 
  but not kaliningrad , 
  previous government was as `` liberal '' as cdu is . 
  they decler themselves as christian democrats anyway . 
  far less likely . 
  example from the netherlands : https://i.imgur.com/dqta8d4.png, 
  `` in times like this we ca n't forget that jet fuel ca n't melt steal beams '' my sides ;d, 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen any scrolling down so far . 
  wonder how these charming individuals will vote in coming referendum, 
  [ * ] never again, 
  it 's not a vote on federalization , uk wo n't join federal europe in this century no matter what the referendum outcome will be . 
  do n't spread brexiters lies . 
  i honestly thought it 's a satire , a bit more subtel / r/circlejerk and then war with / r/sweden broke out and sudden realization hit me . 
  podemos - progresive left psoe - social democracy, 
  vote oligarchy !!!, 
  honestly , they did n't seem dumb , just poorly informed . 
  maybe with them , not with europe . 
  joining eea requires to obey union 's rules without a say in making and also contribution to budget on which you 'll lose your rebate . 
  british people do n't accept decisions made by polish majority . 
  parliament , commission and all the others represent all nations of the community . 
   soviet union you would know do n't you ? 
  funnily it 's us eastern europeans , folks that knows what living in what you think eu is , are the most pro european . 
  god damn , i have n't seen so much unfactual romanticized bullcrap since soviet propaganda . 
  less patriotic metaphors more facts , telegraph pls, 
  get rid of wales then , they take much more from uk 's budget than give back . 
  oh right , there are countless economicall micro connections between wales and london beneficial to both sides , and you know what ? 
  same can be said about uk and poland . 
  living in an union is n't about losing to or gaining from budget . 
  it 's a bit more complicated , but i ca n't really expect little englander to understand that do i ? 
  all that science projects , web of infrastructures , common foreign policy , internal export and import so much to grasp, 
  how are you sinking with the eu ? 
  how is this a failed project ? 
  how many fucking times do these preposterous claims have to be debunk here for you to understand ? 
  it 's like brexiters are allergic to rational thought . 
  will frisia pay back holland ? 
  it 's not like poorer regions do n't contribute anything, 
  it 's a joke . 
  there is that running gag that portuguese is russian spanish . 
  / u/cptbigglesworth knows very well to which language family does portuguese belong, 
  i like to think that cameron have a simillar idealistic views on the european project , but he ca n't say it outloud for obvious reasons . 
  so much about democracy argument ... what 's left in their arsenal ? 
  let 's see , racism/xenophobia and `` they took our jerbs '' ... 
  hahaha were n't it you brexiters fighting for democracy ? 
  who the fuck upvotes shit like this ? 
  am i missing something or is it as dumb and unimaginative as i think it is ? 
  that 's exactly what i said, 
  good point , though it still was a personal union nonetheless just firmer, 
  personal union between two countries = / = a single state !!!,
