  how is 30 % a majority ? 
  what he meant is `` more left '' . 
  you can divide political spectrum however you want but there still be some more left wing parties and more right wing ones . 
  tall , blonde and blue eyed . 
  skull ca n't be of jewish proportions too . 
  it 's an ad for online shopping website and a repost of course, 
  i was the first to notice them on my summer camp !, 
  still proud, 
  i heared ancient greeks did n't often performe man on man anal sex and rather sticked dicks between bottom 's thighs . 
  is that true ? 
  you better make another referendum after these 10 years of preparations . 
  a lot can change in a decade, 
  welcome to the internet , where folks upvote what 's easy to understand and fits well their shallow perception . 
  simple notion like `` turks are from mongolia '' will obviously get more points that the complicated truth . 
  then he 's an ignorant . 
  turks are as much central asian as americans are british . 
  language does n't determine ancestry, 
  some proto-turkish language was spoken in central asia ( why mongolia ? ), 
  but ancestors of modern day turks lived mostly in anatolia under hittite kings and earlier . 
  i mean , you do n't have to be a history major to notice that turks are n't mongoloid . 
  lol, 
  haha so true . 
  love me some casimir iv jagiellonian :3, 
  the man ( speaker of the house ) is n't much brighter than trump . 
  kaczy\u0144ski loves to surround himselfe with halfwits, 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  everyone i 'm disagreeing with is a commie , duh, 
  you got me . 
  i suck at math biggly :p, 
  snake is definitely his spirit animal . 
  these masacres took at most 100 thousand lives , while holodomor 10 milion . 
  i do n't want to start another genocide olympics , i just fell it 's important to point out . 
  and just 61 for france ? 
  are we talking about abba ? 
  it was always tories project , to expand union beyond europe . 
  the aim was to water down the eu , simple as that, 
   this clip was like a trip to r/the _ donald . 
  their talk was too coherent and language too sophisticated for t_d, 
  as is tradition ... 
  to be clear , you made this lame ass joke only becuase she 's macedonian ? 
  me too !, 
  i 'm not often jacking off to olive trees , but it still was n't the wirdest of my faps, 
  yeah but what about production ? 
  we would rather see per capita version, 
  surely he would n't be the first one, 
  who 's the guy in the middle, 
  yeah , it looks especially big in comparison to tirol, 
  he 's british , they do n't know shit about authoritarianism, 
  yeah , and what does it have to do with anything i said ? 
  code civil = napoleonic code . 
  the whole map is about civil law, 
  wait wait wait is this map implying that other countries than france use code civil as well ? 
  how much do they differ ? 
  jesus , trump is such a scum on personal level alone . 
  70 year old school bully, 
  jeb ~ ~ was ~ ~ is a nice guy , especailly in comparison to cruz or trump . 
  you ca n't really not wish him well at least in personal life :p, 
  oh in poland we call `` higher education '' everything above matura as far as i know, 
  the fortress still under sieg , huh ? 
  beware , the liberal biased reality is on to you . 
  your link says 83 , does n't it ? 
  matura is a high school degree right ? 
  what about education and wealth ? 
  how did higher educated voted ? 
  cnn is a joke . 
  they prove it again and again . 
  hah americans are nearly as much concerned about terrorism as israelis ? 
  not that surprising considering how popular are these kind of mad tv folks over there https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ougcrbbeou, 
  this tread is utterly ridiculous . 
  the lynched guy with 270 downvotes seems to be the only one who read the damn article . 
  what i meant is that you have to acctually read the article to voice an opinion . 
  no one will read it so reaction will be mild . 
  lot 's of articles get commented just for the title ... most of them probably, 
  too little clickbaity in the title , no one will read it, 
  i feel like he 's on euronews every 2 weeks -_-, 
  can macron now run with backing of socialist party ? 
  i sense sarcasm but i ca n't see the point of it, 
  oh the horror : o, 
  that 's bullshit . 
  you shoul read into turkish colonization of cyprus . 
  turkish government did a lot to change ethnic make up of the island since invasion, 
  hey now , let 's stay civil, 
  pursue your dreams . 
  maybe some day with jan panel 's help you 'll master polishness, 
  https://youtu.be/rm4xqnukqrm?t=2m48s i could n't stop giggling :'d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ougcrbbeou these folks are mental, 
  ... and they protest abortion @_ @, 
  ha , ya did n't expect this here you cunt !, 
  did n't you ? 
  not my proudest fap though, 
  ano  but how do you know that if you 're romanian ? 
  brainstems do and so does our consciousness, 
  well , thanks for that, 
  why do we die ? 
  cant our cells reproduce to infinity ? 
  if i were an ignorant god , i would be quiet astonished , how people are still dying of old age . 
  `` its right there , cellds are reproducing . 
  why wo n't you folks keep it up for little longer ? '', 
  @_ @ gib me some immortality plox, 
  allegro made [ this cool christmas ad . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu5rnd-hm6a ) oh and one of the government 's ministers publicly called on bullshit propaganda in state owned television .
