  not always , i remember him blaming universities lefty propaganda for higher educated people not voting ukip, 
  brexit was an inside job . 
  ukip fuel ca n't melt european project . 
  so basically the only thing they want from brexit are restrictions on immigration . 
  britain , you many smarts . 
  he does n't even claim that . 
  he 's a liberal, 
  [ american version , everyone ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xnfl1nhgmi ), 
  `` christian values '' are a one thing , but kleptomania is a bit too much . 
  shame really , if not for these , fillon could be a great president . 
  i wonder how low can he drop . 
  one would think he has to reach the bottom someday . 
  [ and belarus ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/grand_duchy_of_lithuania_1430.png ), 
  ... and die at latifundium at the age of 12 of some silly disease as a child in a family of serfs . 
  it was a politically unstable crude slave state, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60rjekhdjhm familiar lovely tune and cute lyrics, 
  no , not really . 
  that makes them independendists . 
  that 's the point of my oryginal comment, 
  national part , not nationalist party . 
  and we should judge them by their actions not the name , do n't you think ? 
  unlike ukip or even tories , snp stands for an open , inclusive society and european integration . 
  if that 's nationalism then i 'm a nazi . 
  dunno about pc i simply do n't know enough about this party , but snp surely is n't and they are often being called nationalistic . 
  you would n't call uk a celtic nation because they have a sizeable celtic speaking minority . 
  same with plc , cultural and political elites spoke polish in both crown and lithuania . 
  lithuanian identity was n't even bound to your baltic language anyway . 
  it 's like with scotland today , they speak in majority english but still call themselves scottish . 
  there 's really not much to argue about here . 
  :( patritions really fucked up our national identity thingy . 
  let 's go back to using polish as our primus inter pares language again plox . 
  everything was so much simpler with one country to fight for : v, 
  i guess erdogan is n't helping , you 're muslims too and many are prejudiced, 
  independendists are n't by default nationalists . 
  r-realy ? 
  i would say that you 're one of the most hated nations in the world . 
  only gypsies and arabs get more shit in europe . 
  more like muscovite cannons . 
  here we go again ... 
  ech muslims are not even close of committing 100 % of european murders and 100 % , maybe 90 % of european murders highlighted by this forum is committed by muslims . 
  mere arrest of some scum susspected of terrorist activites gets 10 times more points than let 's say that guy with a chainsaw running through a mall in belaruss killing people . 
  it depends on how media would spin it . 
  on / r/europe any news of a muslim fuckface running with a knife gets half of daily attention of subscribers . 
  supposedly minor event can get big in a proper environment . 
  say what you want about this state , but you have to admit it had one of the sexiest borders you have seen . 
   al-kaid\u00e1val i love this spelling, 
  spd needs a bigger lead in the polls than 1-2 % if they want to win . 
  germans are quiet content with merkel and think well of german economy performance . 
  many undecided and swinging voters will change their minds to vote chadecs in last moments . 
  have you seen / r/totallystraight ? 
  it 's a gay porn sub as many others ... for gay and bi guys calling themselves `` straight '' . 
  that 's the only difference . 
  you get ban there for suggesting that men that like other men are `` gay '' . 
  descriptions on gay dating sites like `` i 'm not gay i just like to fuck men '' or `` i hate these damn fagots . 
  let 's have sex '' are anything but rare, 
  you do have some study to back this up ? 
  it does sound a lot like something a religious fundamentalist would say . 
  your personal experience is not enough to go with such a claim . 
   i like do n't drink you would be the first of your kind to visit eesti then, 
  judging by what google images showed me , you would still have to sit in front of someone . 
  call me antisocial or even finnish , but i would expect more privacy than that , if i was to pay extra . 
  i mean , you could sit your friend on your side , there is no need for someone to look directly at you !, 
  this might be a silly question , but as someone who never travelled in the 1st class i wonder , what makes the difference ? 
  in a french tgv for example ? 
  there is more room for legs or something ? 
  he served polish king zygmunt i the old . 
  he led polis forces in fights against teutons . 
  in feudal world your allegience to the crown was far more important than your native language or place of residence . 
  it 's like with paradox interactive games , every age has it 's own mechanics . 
  anyway this was n't the point of my comment i was going after bullshit of the guy above . 
  in the 19th century the lines between nationalities were sadly much clearer, 
  yeah , no . 
  he lived in royal prussia , in toru\u0144 to be exact , so in poland . 
  he also studied on jagiellonian university and fought in a war against the teutonic knights . 
  you ca n't get more polish than that edit : unbelievable how the guy above gets upvoted when he 's so obviously wrong . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_peace_of_thorn_ ( 1466 ) here , educate yourselfe people . 
  he did not live in the duchy of prussia , he lived in the kingdom of poland, 
  yay !, 
  we are special :3, 
  damn you 're ignorant . 
  read a book or at least few articles on wikipedia about the eu, 
  youtube far-right conspiracy theory channels ? 
  we ca n't do anything about it . 
  any word of disapproval will back fire, 
   both have hair . 
  that 's not a corpse of some small mammal on his head ? 
  honestly . 
  i just droped bunch of idead without thinking too much about them . 
  what makes someone a target for alienation is his otherness . 
  we ca n't change skin color of immigrants and accent will dissapera on it 's own , but we could change their names to make them more like us . 
  we should assume that they want to be european , right ? 
  why else would they be here ? 
  to leech benefits ? 
  to live a convenient life without taiking up our values ? 
  i hope not, 
  jesus kurwa , and these fuckers get 40 % of votes in turkish elections , while opposition parties are n't any better . 
  turks sometimes make me think , that they are of a different specie or planet . 
  i wish we could stop taiking muslims immigrants and refugees in , we have enough of far-right fuckheads as it is . 
  on top of that we need laws speeding up assimilation . 
  grants on education for muslim high school graduates , monitoring of mosques , catalog of names allowed to be given to babies , stop them from executing their voting rights in countries of orygin .
