   i 'm related to hermann goering technically speaking , we all are ;(, 
  around 1/5 of polish jews prior to war considered themselvs to be polish by nationality and 4/5 to be jewish by nationality . 
   rt quotes tvp info talk about circlejerk :d, 
  `` such injustice ! '', 
  `` many oppression ! '', 
  tell me , o wise butthurted ones , what else could commision do ? 
  get a flair . 
  how the fuck am i supposed to know what nationality are you ? 
  directly elected mep chose president of commission . 
  if i could get a coin every time i write it ... 
  i 'm on mobile and after half a minute of reading , something blocks and i ca n't scroll down anymore . 
  really annoying, 
  then next time go and vote, 
  / s ( luxleaks ), 
  this is embarrassing, 
  try / r/askeurope, 
  yup . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  curiosity is now a crime ? 
  what year is this ? 
  what about fertility rate of german muslims vs the rest ? 
  is there data on that ? 
  what people are classified as natives here ? 
  that 's normal from brexiteers , they call the cool guys their `` cousins '' but eastern europeans are all whores and baggers . 
  sectarianism is strong with them, 
  it 's a cover of catholic rag not a joint statement of 50 milion poles worldwide, 
  but there is n't much of them left to hate ... 
  i have n't laughed so hard since last episode of studio yayo ;d, 
  any time with a german, 
  i 'm polish and i ca n't pronounce it . 
  any welsh here ? 
  it sure is more fabulous than here ;(, 
  liberals and center party ? 
  or in poland where faight is carried between nationalistic socialist pis and little guys , including social democrats , chadecs and liberals . 
  in germany spd is unable to take over partially because of how simmilar they got to cdu , how ideologically grey they bacame . 
  that 's why the reall opposition in form of afd was born . 
  the differences between alde , epp and s&d parties all around eu are getting less visible over time . 
  if eu would be to federalize , politicians could with time group in two blocks , one of liberal globalists and one of nationslists , i can see that happening . 
  true that, 
  do n't think so . 
  but hey , trwam ( catholic , pis supporting network ) is !, 
  yeah , but they are n't news networks . 
  only ~ ~ tvpis ~ ~ tvp info is avaliable for them, 
   thin veneer i read it as `` tiny wieners '' at first , but something was not right . 
  til word `` veneer '' , fancy !, 
  tvp - public broadcaster with journalism quality of fox news scary thing is that poor people and folks living in rual areas do n't have access to different media edit : i was of course talking of news networks . 
  as / u/onet12 and others pointed out there are around 20 `` free '' channels in poland , not just tvp info, 
  shhh shh russians are here too guys, 
  the one with drawing good enough to not write names on people . 
  my favourite . 
  it 's such a giberish , silly language . 
  let 's go with interlingua, 
  great , but they could spare us these silly pics, 
  wina tuska ( polish version popularized by chairman kaczynski ), 
  germany . 
  shame they look down on us so much, 
  and spain, 
  do n't remember really , seems like something he could say, 
  she may yet change her mind , so far she does n't have much experience in foreign affairs, 
  he 's an autistic megalomaniac , eternal leader of authoritarian ruled pis party, 
  easier to learn , would treat all nations equally and would make a great unifying symbol, 
  it would be a neutral language and would only serve as a work language for european institutions . 
  interlingua , simplified latin would be my choice, 
  ahaha this is perfect, 
  i wish we would : /, 
   russia 's doorstep im so fucking triggered right now it 's called poland !, 
  people honestly think im serious ? 
  huh , i guess we do live in a german dominated europe, 
  such an underestimated joke, 
  ca n't help it . 
  i take brexit perosnally, 
  since we are at it . 
  could we please have here a bit less news from uk and more from italy and spain instead ? 
  this sub turned into / r/uk & europe, 
  they used to say the same about eastern germany and poland once . 
  who knows ? 
  uff i thought it 'll be an actual dick, 
  god , macierewicz as a minister . 
  this is ridiculous , so damn surreal . 
  this one gets it !, 
  our far right nutjobs do exactly the same . 
  mess themselvs up digging shit like this to proof their idiotic points . 
  they do that with morons and trans people on gay prides or old people on marches organised by liberal parties . 
  how pathetic and childish . 
  nice , now show us sensible ones cut out of the video, 
   donetsk republic nice meme, 
  but the series is about buildings . 
  you 're cheating !, 
  [ * how cute * ] ( http://cdn5.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/landscape_928x523/2015/02/rupert_murdoch.jpg ), 
  now show me statistics saying eastern european immigrants noticeably commit more crimes than nativs . 
  all statistics i have seen on immigrant unemployment or crime rate in western europe show clear distinction between europeans and people from 3rd world , blacks and muslims . 
  i could show countless examples of english xenophobia and arrogance just quoting english redditors . 
  should they change my view on you in general ? 
  they did , but that 's not right . 
  that 's not a building :p, 
  surprise surprise , it 's not all about you !, 
  there are another 27 countries in this union of ours, 
  how so ? 
   if sch\u00e4uble runs next year lol , he 's a dinosaur on wheelchair !, 
  he could be merkel 's father,
