  besides , how is a hungarian supposed to know more on the topic ? 
  i do n't care what chavs think european religious fanatism is liberalism in arab countries . 
  stop comparing these two . 
  you 're maiking a full of yourself . 
  i 'm a gay man in this 3rd worst to live for gays country in the eu and i can live open about my sexuality and be accepted as homosexuall by all the people i tell . 
  you wo n't find these kind of gay friendliness anywhere in syria or somalia . 
  it 's a conservative country by european standard , but there is not a single muslim country more liberal and open than poland . 
  only 60 % is unemployed ?? 
  oh goody , that 's surely changed my opinion . 
   i did n't really mean to engage in the usual battle of throwing statistics of course you did n't you rather focus on me as a person and my `` zero experience '' . 
  statistics and experience . 
  no , it would n't . 
  poles are european , hardworking and assimilate . 
  the difference is striking , one have to be blind to not see it . 
  show me articles on polish crime or unemploment rate being higher than one of any majority muslim ethnicity in a western european country . 
  here you have a difference between poles and muslims . 
  and you ca n't see immigrants of 3rd and later generations . 
  it counts as non-dutch only people of 1st and 2nd https://i.imgur.com/dqta8d4.png `` almost 60 percent of the muslim respondents reject homosexuals as friends ; 45 percent think that jews can not be trusted ; and an equally large group believes that the west is out to destroy islam . '', 
  https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread `` half of british muslims want gay sex banned '' http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2016/04/10/half-of-british-muslims-want-gay-sex-banned-says-poll/ `` unemployment among ethnic minorities costs the economy almost # 8.6 billion a year in benefits and lost revenue from taxes . 
  half of muslim men and three quarters of muslim women are unemployed . '', 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/8054403/britains-coping-classes-at-breaking-point.html they already took it down , by request of `` det islamske nettverk '' . 
  this was a video showing `` moderate muslims '' in vast majority calling for stonning for adultery . 
  i loved this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1le8kipqt5i, 
  is there anything at all about sarkozy that makes him likable ? 
  who 's talking about islands ? 
  im pretty sure he had countries like algeria , tunisia or turkey in mind, 
  as do 75 % or so of europeans . 
  its tragic how detetched off reality our leaders are . 
  i wonder how welcome politics will work when a full scale civil war will break out in nigeria or pakistan . 
  these people will never assimilate and wo n't integreat in at least 3 generations . 
  they bring crime and unemployment , homophobia and misogyny . 
  we have enough of muslims as it is . 
  let them live in shitholes they create for themselves with outlawed homosexuality , casual antisemitism everywhere and standards of living suppressing only moldova of european countries . 
  take in these engineers and doctors merkel promised us , keep the rest out and we wo n't see anymore of them coming here . 
  i love multiculturalism and diversity , but muslims do n't . 
  they will close themselves in constantly expanding ghettos and wo n't even talk to natives outside of work . 
  that 's not my kind of diversity damn it feels good to make a reddit rant, 
  oh oh oh i have an idea too !, 
  why wo n't we lock up sarkozy ?? 
  we do that too with your words :p in polish : komiks + y jeans + y in english : paczki + s pierogi + s, 
  or maybe stop posting about brexit already ? 
  1/3 of posts here are uk related of which half is about brexit . 
  britain is not a special little princess . 
  11-14 % supports the ultra-conservative backed by pis project or at leat that 's what i read in comments above pis has support around 30-38 % , they never go bellow 30 , it 's their `` iron electorate '', 
  because hillary is `` corrupt '' ? 
  how is she corrupt ? 
  honest to god , i have yet not seen a single proper argument against her on reddit . 
  it 's always empty , repeated endlessly phrases and idiotic mems . 
  what brexit ? 
  by giving them all a free ride to europe ? 
  in polish it 's mostly `` wielka brytania '' rarely `` anglia '' and `` brytania '', 
  kek , love it, 
  next stop : the crown jewels, 
  w-what ? 
  its just an old animation reposted here about 5 times already, 
  euobserver loves to make drama around eu affairs whenever they can, 
  every time this get reposted here i kill a little duckling . 
  you did it , op . 
  i hope you are sorry for what you did, 
  what 's up with tchaikovsky on tv at the end ? 
  lol after all this years division is still visible even in area so much smaller as berlin . 
  ugh , you 're explaining this like he 's an american . 
  just say fdp is a liberal party, 
  greens are also left wing , just not by name ( or rather color ), 
  not if you know the details, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , buddy . 
  just look at the front line and state of polish army on the day of soviet attack . 
  soviets won thanks to multiple factors one ca n't simplify it as you did, 
   it was poland that started it . 
  it was they that were persecuting the non-polish population . 
  this caused great concern to the germans who had to get invovled . 
  the poles knew this . 
  the polish were banking on the germans to declare war , the western allies to swoop in and save them and poland would gain more land . 
  oh god !, 
  they found the truth !, 
  shut it down !, 
  shut it all down !, 
   poland was still fighting with german invasion , after soviet attack the whole defence collapsed yeeeah , we poles like to make a big strategic blow of soviet invasion , but the truth is , there was n't much of polish army left to fight soviets by that time . 
  war was already lost by 17th september, 
  priest is fucking the kid, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij9bczgxzq0 yup , you guessed it . 
  someone had to post this link, 
  haha oh i got it finally x ) you should rather post it on / r/polska , folks here are too stiff for memes, 
  that 's ... that 's kinda gender, 
  drama americans do around their elections is way overblown . 
  media there jump on any shit trump or clinton say and make it into 24h long apocalypse coverage . 
  so cringy x ), 
  why do germans always read `` the '' as `` ze '' ? 
  these two are n't even close !, 
  top kek i just love how they do everything they can to hide the true intention of establishing a british sphere of influence over three weaker states if english nationalists were n't so aggresive they would acctually be funny, 
  what will these people do for living without tourists ? 
  selling bottled piss from channels to americans as some sort of exclusive venetian perfumes , comes to my mind, 
  haha i love this, 
  honestly , considering that most of holocaust acured in poland ( by the hends of germasn , but still ) , how huge was jewish communiity , number of poles commemorated by this prize is kida low . 
  poles got 6,620 and dutch 5,516 polish jewish community before the war had 3 000 000 people while dutch ... 150 000 and yeah i know only here helping jews was punishable by death , but it 's not like they gave you sweets for the same crime in amsterdam, 
   british flair  / r/europe  talks about deluded nationalists i ca n't comprehend the hypocrisy, 
   became polish capital and started growing rapidly only in the late 1500s no , it did not . 
  just 30 thousand people lived in warsaw in the begining of 18th century . 
  it expanded through reign of stanis\u0142aw ii augustus , then shrinked around patritions and became a proper sized european city with industrial revolution . 
  ... so about that grand duchy of belarus thingy ...
