  tutsi frutsi pizza berlusconi . 
  i read into this now a bit more . 
  one article says italians are genetically more isolated than other europeans and that their common ancestor with any other european needs to be traced the furthest back to around 1st century . 
  i did n't expect that, 
  so much of this in the comments . 
  your family going back what ? 
  3 or 4 generations ? 
  that does n't mean much . 
  we , europeans all have a common ancestor the earliest about 800 ad . 
  calling yourself a descendant of any ancient ethnicity is kinda silly , since we descent more or less of all of them , cousin @_ @, 
  that does n't work that way guys . 
  `` oh the place i live was in x year controlled by this or that empire , it means i 'm a descendant their rulling class ! '', 
  that 's just silly . 
  you have blood of many many many ethnic groups . 
  you do n't know that, 
  how many times will this be reposted ? 
  ech , we were more in the habsburg team . 
  i think john iii ( vienna 1683 ) was thinking about going with france and ottomans for a change , but that did n't work out . 
  ck2 player ? 
   novgorod is the birthplace of kievan rus, 
  as much as kievan rus at this point, 
  wait , that 's a gay thing ? 
  i always thought straight guys watch this -_-, 
  we are not gay nor straight . 
  europeans are by nature metrosexual deviants, 
  what about gay porn ? 
  no mention of it anywhere ? 
  here sang with clear russian accent . 
  it 's popular among socialists worldwide . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pjjfvftw7g and these two are from the great war : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsl6gfvfc0a https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4y3oqzz8sx8, 
  i feel you . 
  there 's no historical polish anthem or military song on yt without a comment section full of nationalistic troglodytes, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9zateqbcqy well the pic on the vidoe puts the song in a rather bad light :p, 
  that 's how a running gag works :d, 
  it is hilarious though, 
  / r/thathappened especially circumsised sweden, 
  politics not so much, 
  how long can average turk trace his ancestry ? 
  in poland we have church records usually going to 18th century . 
   see also : ... islam in the netherlands , immigration to europe ... oh wikipedia , you know us too well, 
  google albert rivera :3, 
  have you seen spain 's liberals leader ? 
  oh nopes , so it 's true . 
  kenya west 2020 @_ @, 
  may your brexit be full of colours and queen forever alive :3, 
  i wonder if we will look at trump with this nostalgia we now have for romney and mccain in few years . 
  i ca n't imagine that, 
  oh look there 's an obligatory `` hitler was a federalist '' comment, 
  it was a vote for status quo on the paper . 
  in minds of less knowledgeable voters the leave option was the default . 
  they do n't know the eu but do know british political system . 
  and folks wonder how trump could win this election edit : bad wording . 
  thanks / u/redditor401, 
  oh i love that song !, 
  hitler too was in far-right and had rather socialistic view on economy . 
  polish pis is a catholic nationalist party , but have support of workers unions and introduce various social programs . 
  he did n't mind being decorated, 
  france is already around 10 % muslim . 
  give it two more decades and they will catch up with israel on religious division . 
  there 's another one made by ipsos published this week with po + n. 
  leading over pis by 6 % . 
  stop bullshiting , man . 
  it 's obvious that you have an agenda : / as to the second part . 
  you do n't know that . 
  voters of n. and po are from the same basket . 
  they do n't care as long as their party wo n't ally itself with pis , the archenemy, 
  cbos is a government agency notorious for falsificating data . 
  check the source before posting . 
  edit : from millward brown sa : pis 35 % , nowoczesna 24 % , po 15 % , kukiz '15 6 % , psl 5 % so centrist coalition of n. and po would lead over pis and their minors by 4 %, 
  her party is full of socialists , protectionists and fans of heavy industry , not exactly a bank friendly environment . 
  the nhs lie was n't his but johnson 's, 
  good for you , we have a whole rulling party made of people much worse than him, 
  they already do . 
  their grammar is shit though, 
  she may not get to the second round . 
  if she will , fillon will masacre her 70/30 . 
  `` oyster pond '' they should have put their latrine on map as well, 
  if you really want to keep it going guys at least try to be oryginal . 
  it 's the truth coming from the gut , much better than the one from silly books, 
  eugh pls do n't turn this into another poland love fest . 
  our dicks ca n't get any harder, 
  that 's not very imaginative : /, 
  and what does `` leave '' mean ? 
  haha brilliant, 
  no , it 's koszyce ( sz = english sh ), 
  erm he 's right guys . 
  do n't downvote people just because he goes against your biased perception of history . 
  by the time of soviet invasion war was already lost for poland , read into that at least on wikipedia, 
  the most densely populated and the richest more importantly, 
  yeah but it goes the other way around, 
  first two are in hungarian . 
  koshice and something else, 
  i was talking about people rising from extreme poverty , there is much less of them now if i recall correctly . 
  i worded it badly, 
  how exactly is this year worse than the previous one ? 
  i hear that a lot today , but overall we lived longer , were richer and healthier than ever before . 
  it looks like a great year to me, 
  what change ? 
  child mortality lowest than ever before , human lifespan longer than ever before , pople in extreme poverty less than ever before !, 
  just because you folks get hard on over terrorist attacks and do n't see world besides them does n't mean everything is as shitty,
