  that smug frenchie , right ? 
  he 's hot . 
  welp , say what you want about stalin , but you have to admit he was good at brainwashing his people . 
  -_- i have some hard time understanding , if someone is serious or not on the internet , from time to time . 
  ca n't speak for poland , but i myself am all for supporting refugees in turkey , lebanon and syria itself . 
  these people should never be accepted here in the first place , it 's a dangerous precedent . 
  yes , it should n't . 
  real refugees are looking for safety , not higher benefits . 
  there is no war in nigeria , sudan , pakistan , eritrea ... 
  come on , syrians are in minority of people coming here and have two big safe neighboring countries to come to . 
  those children had only soviet union , pretty unwelcoming place at this time in history . 
  also you are talking like people coming here are escaping war , this is a well known bullshit . 
  well meme 'd asshole, 
  i wish i would know . 
  at first i thought it 's just some angry 14yo downvoting coz he made similar comment himself , but i 'm the only polish commenting here it seems . 
  wyborcza - liberal rzeczpospolita - slightly conservative fakt and super express - tabloids four most popular daily newspapers in poland, 
  erm ... should we do too ? 
  there 's only half a year left to september . 
  damn , no question about sexual orientation : / i 'm so disappointed, 
  why wo n't pp ally with liberals first ? 
  btw . 
  that ciujdanos ( or something like that ) leader is hoooot . 
  what is n't ? 
  huh . 
  okay , sorry, 
  they do ? 
  you do know that the red-white one is indonesian , right ? 
  and the polish one too plox :3, 
  is n't it angola ? 
  gallo-italico di sicilia ? 
  the hell is that ? 
  nope , not relevant enough, 
  in our creepy moon speak it 's `` walia '' . 
  which is much nicer word than wales imo . 
  it would n't make it any funier though . 
  kaczynski will finally see his waifu again . 
  :3 kinda ironic how orban is going too meet chairman of pis instead of the president . 
  brings back memories from authoritarian era , when communist party was above the acctual government . 
  hey , you are good for a foreigner !, 
   polish in berlin eh , nevermind, 
   austro-hungarian monarchy  picture with german and habsburg soldiers eh ? 
  i think that poster is about different `` loyalty '' . 
  puuuuaaaaaaah !, 
  ... that was my mind blowing up . 
  okay , so she is a girlfriend of a black musician i recognize from south park and she wore some animal fur ... and that 's all ? 
  how can that make you the most popular human on planet ? 
  who the fuck is kim kardashian ? 
   bulgaria  azis t_t, 
  yup yup . 
  it 's not like polish nobles were gay friendly . 
  our law was always behind the western one , we did n't catch up on that fancy `` homophobia '' of theirs, 
  sine we are on topic of americans talking brexit . 
  i have recently watched real time with bill maher and they talked about this referendum . 
  booooy , can murricans be more ignorant , even their `` expert '' did n't know what he is talking about . 
  all their media do is talking about this cunt trump :p, 
  thank you !, 
  wish we had more high quality posts like this here !, 
  i gave you my love , but you do n't care, 
  people upvote for different reasons , mostly just to keep discussion up, 
  not to mention that africa will soon triple it 's population . 
  i wonder what our naive politicians will do when civil war will broke out in nigeria or ethiopia . 
  `` to fight with '' and `` to fight against '' can be use synonymously , no mistakes were made here, 
  her grandpa was a pole , fought with bolsheviks in polish army , then moved to germany, 
  ukrainians are pathetically nationalistic , but my countrymen in this tread are as much annoying . 
  just so you know people , not all of us are like this . 
  we eat like you , we work like you , we dress like you ... no wonder you like to `` visit '' us so much ;(, 
  by lighting the candles duh, 
  ca n't muslim men marry christian jewish and samaritan women ? 
  asked the important question . 
  you can never know these days, 
  god this was so biased . 
  this guy could n't be less professional and more snarky than that . 
  this comments about `` art collection '' in hallway , come on now . 
  is he really that dumb or he actually thinks meps are some kind of expensive janitors ? 
  nah , they still post you on / r/shitamericanssay, 
  it will be known as the great armenian sarcasm of 2016 [ * ], 
  not only it 's not posted on / r/askeurope , it 's also a notorious and rather stupid question, 
  yup yup, 
  non all my favourites are british . 
  jimmy carr , bill bailey , john cleese , ricky gervais , david mitchell and his wife ... even prince philip is funnier than our `` comedians '' ; _ ; i mean , krystyna paw\u0142owicz is kinda funny , but it 's a different kind of `` funny '', 
  haha , how mature of them, 
  taiwan numba one, 
  haha he was a dictator with some pros though, 
  pis - not even once !, 
  touche , haha !, 
  i have nothing for that , i guess we are muslim nao . 
  i know that very well . 
  it still was inspired by ottoman caliphate 's standards . 
  by the xx century , as today , crescent was an islamic symbol . 
  the thing with the flag is kinda on point though :d you could change it for something a bit more original and less eee ... islamic ? 
  i was n't thinking about this particular one . 
  i bet if they would make a report on that topic , we would find countless little regional so called `` museums '' no one expect school trips visit . 
  like for example muzeum ziemi otwockiej south from warsaw , completely useless . 
  sure thing , but when they build a museum for some shit nobody gives a floating fuck about , they should n't expect a state donations . 
  yeah , very much so . 
  chinese are always the rude ones : /, 
  they have museums for everything these days . 
  i wonder how many of them are profitable, 
  wow , american that makes distinction between liberal and left wing , unusual !, 
  i was recently watching bill maher 's show and he and his guests could n't find a name for classical liberalism .
