  recently he got dissaponted to learn , that polish adjectives have 5 diffrent forms in just nominative :p https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/polish/adjectives, 
  bia\u0142owie\u017ca is on the belorussian border . 
  he would still have to travel like 200 km from warsaw, 
  new zealand , canada or argentina, 
  that square-shaped country next to germany, 
  these ancient woods are one of two remaining natural habitats of european bisons in europe . 
  none and i find it hard to believe , that people claiming they do have their `` dialect '' here are not exaggerating . 
  you all have goofy national accents , i heared some of you speak on / r/europe a while ago . 
  of these not too many nouns that are different in uk and us , i use american ones far more offten . 
  bravo , you won genocidal 1st prize i guess . 
  but honestly it 's really damn unfair to compare this cases . 
  she was interogeted and tortured , many of people she worked with got killed . 
  she was an enemy of two totalitarian regimes . 
  she carried babies closed in boxes on her own . 
  you ca n't really compare this courage to one of a diplomat giving out visas . 
   czechoslovmania that 's not how you spell america, 
  irena sendlerowa , her group saved 2500 jewish children from warsaw getto i wanted to find a yt video about her . 
  but most have no english subtitles and the rest is ridiculously americanized , there 's more drama than history in them . 
  this is such a useless bot . 
  why are these allowed on reddit ? 
  nah , they 're great bunch of lads . 
  / r/polska is one of my favorite subs, 
  lol republicans are an abomination . 
  these fuckers represent all that is wrong with the us . 
  they are so corrupted fossil fuel industry payes them to play morons about climate change , they buy offices , target black people with garymandering and do n't even let me start on this playboyish pathological lier they put into the white house, 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  left was in power for some time . 
  the got over 40 % and then lost it all in an eruption of corruption scandals . 
  but sld was and still is to a degree a party of conservative , tax cutting , post-communist dinosaurs . 
  https://pl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wybory_w_polsce#/media/plik%3aprocentowe_wyniki_wybor%c3%b3w_do_sejmu.png there 's also razem , party very similar to spanish podemos . 
  they have 4 % in the polls and need at least five to get into the sejm . 
  catholic ultra-conservatives ( pis ) have support of around 30-34 % of poles about the same amount stand behind the liberal opposition split into two parties leftwingers get like 8 % in total, 
  rzeczpospolita of three nations @_ @, 
  poles are super damn ignorant on the lgbt stuff , but i have encountered homophobic hostility only on the internet . 
  i remember one guy on / r/polska saying how he 'll laugh from behind the fence when they put my kind in auschwitz again , i wish i was joking . 
  there are gay clubs in every major city , grindr is kinda empty though . 
  i like how polish gay guys are visibly less sluty and more romantic than the ones in the west . 
  if this is a weird voting system you should take a look at the american one . 
  lots of countries require candidate to get support of over half of voters to became a head of state . 
  macron will win french presidency and cdu will win in germany . 
  many will retract from voting spd in the last moments . 
  so called flag of europe, 
  muscovite scum , we war you !, 
  that 's a meme, 
  ukraine , belarus and lithuania . 
  then reintroduce 3rd may constitution with some changes to make it more democratic . 
  more than that . 
  vatican is much smaller than one square kilometer, 
  tour de france is the only thing i know this channel for :p, 
  he might be disliked for being an authoritarian dictator . 
  being a socialist in his youth did n't stopped him from filling prisons with left-wing opposition politicians, 
  olaf palme , nicolo paganini and charles de gaulle are all i can think of, 
  oh look , it 's an obligatory war joke . 
  i did nazi that comming . 
  germans seem to give us too little attention . 
  notice us , plox lithusnians do n't trust us . 
  as if we ever did something to them ukrainians can be nationalist disks but so do we . 
  they 're also too damn poor !, 
  it 's upsetting russians are craaaazy @_ @, 
  he 's georgian though . 
  / jk but not entirely, 
  it 's a shame really . 
  he was a great leader for the uk and now he 'll be remembered only for the brexit defeat . 
  erm where do you think we import our from ? 
  i like peanut butter . 
  when i have nothing to put on a sandwich there 's always that emergency jar of peanut butter in my little fridge . 
  considering that most of people their age look [ like this ] ( http://rectusabdominis.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/pandoras-parlor-vintage-real-human-skeleton-for-sale.gif ), 
  she has enough . 
  the fact that she is a head of state is a lot and that 's not where the list of her offices/powers she was not elected into stops . 
  but then again , it 's not my argument , it 's just what people bring on into discussion often . 
  i love watching them on you tube from time to time . 
  i honestly wish we had a monarch of our own . 
  it 's much better than just another divisive politician as a head of state . 
  folks say it 's unfair , but do they really think a monarch would be the only child born with a silver spoon in his mouth ? 
  there are n't many politicians that would get to their positions without being born in the right family . 
  so what he 's suggesting , is that the tower of london , st. paul 's and all the other landmarks , as well as the royal estats would stop bringing profits with monarchy gone ? 
  ... am i really the only one that sees how stupid this claim is ? 
  it is amazing how popular this video is on reddit , seeing author so grotesquely manipulating the viewer . 
  the main argument for abolishing any monarchy , is that it 's not democratic enough . 
  while the one of opposing camp , as presented on the video , is that it brings money . 
  do monarchist really value their democracy so little that they are eager to just sell it for a houndred milion pounds ? 
  assuming these money are really bound to the crown as suggested in the video , which are obviouslly not . 
  there are many perks of a monarchy . 
  monarch is a living symbol of a nation , he unifies the people , but money is not one them note to self : critical thinking and disagreeing with beloved youtubers will bring downvotes onto you, 
  and latinos , they consider them to be not white . 
  this would be hilarious , if these lobotomized twats would n't be there in power right now . 
  lol !, 
  you ca n't be serious , op, 
  you are aware that npd has support around 1 % ? 
  ech that 's really not what i was looking for . 
  ep is mostly about boring reading from papers speeches on curvature of bananas . 
  it 's rather difficult to find drama on the official site, 
  it 's live only and does n't really have interesting bits selected, 
  industrial revolution began after napoleonic era ... or at least kicked in properly, 
  you can have her really, 
  oh god no ... now he is dutch ?? 
  the second one is supposedly about europe and they mention only battles from english history . 
  they are a symbol of statehood . 
  chopin was just a musician, 
  quite an empty and insulting statement,
