  quite telling oh right also most if not whole of our government visited london, 
  one of our dumbest ministers, 
  wow . 
  i did n't see that coming . 
  weber is a mep , not a minister . 
  some quality journalism, 
  eu is not yet a confederation , that 's not a status quo ecr seeks to keep . 
  they want eu to stay an international organization plus , you ca n't call them `` confederalists '', 
  but who killed the man that killed hitler huh ? 
  yup , no immigrants from mexico, 
  dilf drag queens should be a porn category : /, 
  nationalists would n't mind a little terrorist attack here or there either, 
  thank you for that . 
  nice read, 
  he 's original armaic name was yeshua . 
  lot 's of biblical terms are greek . 
  gospels were written in koine greek half a century after crucifixion, 
  ah you know , they crowned some dead jewish criminal with a greek name our new king . 
  i have seen it . 
  spd should get one too, 
  oh there 's a second round . 
  that 's perfect, 
  ech if labour and republicans are pro-kremlin then so is spd . 
  wo n't fillon take moderate voters from juppe and allow sarkozy to win ? 
  from my observation, 
  why ? 
  why do `` modern '' architecture exists if everyone hates it ? 
  wife of the previous one too, 
  this is some scary shit , reminds me of nsdap rallies, 
  i wish people , especailly americans , would care for real history half as much as for the got 's lore, 
  damn i did n't know juppe is that old !, 
  if he will win his presidency might be even shorter than we expect . 
  june was just few moments ago . 
  it 's going too damn fast, 
  your sarcasm detector is broken, 
  you see ? 
  brexit was a titanic success !, 
  what other proofs do you people need ? 
  lol he said something like `` gays should be treated like all citizens are '' of i remember correctly , that 's hardly a gay friendly statement, 
  think they are evil ? 
  and do n't you have any clue at all how we might get to that conclusion ? 
  racists , homophobes , xenopobes , nationalists , none vote liberal or left , it 's allways fringe mostly right wing parties that gatther them . 
   right wingers think left wingers are just misguided bollocks . 
  it 's difficult to have a conversation since the oposite camp wants you dead . 
  just read what polsih chavs write about gay folks or muslims on facebook . 
  just read your own comment history, 
  ukip is one hell of a cancerous party . 
  i would n't vote for them just to not be associated with people that do . 
  the same with pis over here , i would feel ashamed for supporting them . 
  yeah sure , i would vote for opa juppe any time over sarkozy . 
  yup , the same moron that talked about `` export of theology '' too, 
  juppe is n't a saint either, 
  i like it . 
  it 's random . 
  it 's nice . 
  silesians are `` hidden german option '' or something like that, 
  that shows how completely irrelevant the office became and how ball less spd is . 
  they wo n't take chancellor 's seat any time soon, 
  did belgium just annex france ? 
  erzurum is in the middle of armenia / s, 
  i do n't even know what that is, 
  what 's that ? 
  depends on a cat . 
  mine is wonderful, 
  gut gemacht , you 're nearly fluent, 
  wide open field from warsaw through berlin to paris . 
  what are you still waiting for ? 
  the shittiest of four ex-plc countries . 
  ca n't we like trade it for ukraine or something ? 
  ahaha i love this !, 
  that french tolerance for fetishes, 
  as georgian as erdogan ... wait a sec ... 
  erdogan needs his golden shiters  __ , 
  a failed state with a slavery based economy under russia 's protectorate . 
  rzeczpospolita was cut into pieces just when people started reforming this mess, 
  writing in paint is such a pain in the ass, 
  what eastern europe ? 
  your score does n't come even close to one of an average `` easter european '' country . 
  if you mean poland then yes , you have a score simmilar to our . 
  i made this glorious plan for turkey a while back when referendum results came out http://i.imgur.com/mjw5fe9.png, 
  well there was one ... with like one or two lines, 
  based on italian city-states = / = supposed to be in italy this whole got lore is really shallow btw . 
  tolkien put thrice as much work into his world as martin did . 
  me too . 
  you guys make poland looks good, 
  true that, 
  common now . 
  is author of this piece a 14 yo eu4 player ? 
  these people were not exterminated in some medieval death camps , but rather assimilated . 
  this happens all the time even in 21st century . 
  der zug has derailed, 
  with ananas for pineapple and bancomat for atm, 
  maybe it 's latin ? 
  when politics is so stable it becomes boring, 
  ca n't we just send all of these chavs and prolet to some desert island to live happily away from regular europeans ? 
  it would be beneficial for both sides, 
  implying that there is any difference, 
  lovely . 
  he 's like our mainstream pis politician . 
  haha and this one is actually more accurate considering that the middle of europe is somewhere in poland or belarus,
