  old folks and people that do n't have much interest in politics vote for them . 
  not much of these demographic groups on reddit, 
  that 's all that smarty hellenic genes i tell ya, 
  dunno why , it was really funny : / it was a `` shrek is love , shrrek is life '' kinda thingy , but with macron in the center . 
  he/she talked about how and why he/she fall in love with macron, 
  there are just too many articles on the issues everywhere , for me to google them for you . 
  educate yourself or stay in your cozy fantasy of ethnically pure england . 
  how so ? 
  if anyone then lib dems , fdp , vvd , nowoczesna , d66 , ciudadanos and other simmilar parties are consider to be on the center of political spectrum . 
  liberal democracy ? 
  that 's not an ideology one can held . 
  you were looking for `` classical liberalism '' or just `` liberalism '' . 
  a guy from kent is as much related to french and lithuanians as to other britons . 
  we are all cousins . 
  the whole country of the uk is just 300 years old, 
  i 'm saving this one, 
  the empire had 6 emperors in the year 238, 
  fresh cool air, 
  shame on him/her . 
  at very least germans should know this, 
  this country was a mistake, 
  surely not uk, 
  \u00f6 waaa ? 
  how big is it ? 
  went on a date with an ukrainian guy from donetsk . 
  it was cool . 
  now may head hurts and i 'm super duper tired, 
  belive me , just use tremendous google . 
  you 'll find lot 's of biggly stuff , swatches of them . 
  i tell you , they have the best links , no one has better links than google http://www.independent.ie/videos/world-news/video-you-know-what-uranium-is-right-donald-trumps-definition-of-chemical-goes-viral-for-wrong-reasons-35459547.html, 
  we would n't expect a dummy to know a dummy . 
  75 % of americans think this blubbering fool is `` intelligent '' . 
  guess hints : [ 1 ] ( http://i.somethingawful.com/u/garbageday/2013/phriday/poland/palpek_06.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://i.somethingawful.com/u/garbageday/2013/phriday/poland/palpek_09.jpg ), 
  gentlemen drink tea or wine, 
  i agree but it 's important to note that 11 % of voters chose two major left wing parties and they have no representation in the parliament . 
  if they did get seats pis would n't have absolute majority . 
  electoral law can be manipulated in various ways to make outcomes of elections that suits group in power . 
   what do you think about the pis-party pis treats poland as their besieged fortress . 
  they feel constantly under threat from liberals , leftists , gays , greens , germans , cyclists , russians and who knows whom . 
  just look on their supporters here on reddit . 
  as an argument for dissolution of our justice system they always use some variant of `` coz they 're all commies '' or go straight up with `` they earn too much '' . 
  they are bitter angry people , often failed in life , desperate to find a reason for their failures , a scapegoat . 
  pis ranks are filled with people like pi\u0119ta wanting to imprisone people for homosexuality , or macierewicz that made a career for himselfe of making up conspiracy theories , blaiming tusk for puting a bomb on presidents 's airplane in 2010 for example . 
  this is not a party that could get 2 % in a decent western democracy . 
  it 's our version of akp or worse . 
   is pis a danger for the democracy there is not a single legitimate reasons for the changes in courts they push . 
  it 's all about grabbing more power for themselves . 
  it 's also a part of their crusade against broadly defined elites , including educated people . 
  i dare to think what comes next . 
  democratic core of our republic is yet intact , but kaczy\u0144ski is getting complettely paranoid . 
  he was already heared talking about putting opposition politicians in jails . 
  i 'm kinda little bit too gay to have kids , but i do n't want any anyway so ... 0, 
  nothing really . 
  studying a bit . 
  i should try looking for something but im too lazy for that, 
  really ? 
  now ? 
  now you need more sun ? 
  there are melted spaniards being scraped from sidewalks just as we are writing these comments . 
  it 's terrible even here in warsaw :p, 
  if something is `` insanely sweet '' for an american , then it has to be lethal for us, 
  i 'm good at oral i 'm bad at being an adult v ___ v, 
  i have a cat . 
  eh , english language is retarded words for nationalities and languages should n't be the same, 
  it 's a direct translation of der metzgermeister to polish https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armin_meiwes, 
  erm none ? 
  there are other mechanisms to influence a mamber state, 
  belarus has a higher hdi than brazil here 's more https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/br/by, 
  everyone 's talking about his ideas and how they would fit their political spectrum missing the most important thing . 
  bernie is a candidate of youngsters hip revolution . 
  we have these kind of politicians in europe too . 
  they 're mostly left wing but not always . 
  their ideas are close to being miningless to their success . 
  it 's about the vibe , about the image on social media and so on . 
  gop represents everything that is wrong with us . 
  they are paid to play morons or climate change , they are crazy nationalistic and they gave us trump democrats are just a regular liberal party with some honest rational people in it . 
  btw do n't buy this popular here meme of them being right wing . 
  i have yet not read any argument supporting this . 
  they are clearly more to the left than right by most of european standards . 
  these death camps of yours , you took a good care of them, 
  sniff , i hope we are not the last generation to die before reaching 100 in bodies of 20 yo, 
  so you trust everyone ? 
  and the language is english and all adjectives comming from them are english ... 
  i love it , but people are assholes . 
  poland would be a much better place without the poles, 
  so edgy . 
  queen is a living symbol of their nation . 
  it 's a symbol as valid as a flag or cost of arms . 
  you people are so shallow . 
  it could be worse . 
  contrary to a popular belife our constitution does n't prohibit gay families and all the rights straight people get through marriage , just the marriage itself . 
  supreme court allowed gay folks to not give testimonies against their lovers and recognizes their relationships in general . 
  ca n't marry and i do n't really care much for the symbolic part , but marriage is also about certain rights . 
  gay people live in a concubinages in the eyes of polish law and ca n't do their taxes together , they are n't the first to receive body of a dead partner and more . 
  it kinda makes me feel unwanted and looked down upon not just by people but by the state itself, 
  kill russia fuck czechia or ukraine marry germany easy, 
  `` eu capital '' should be located somewhere in the middle of the union , possibly in the blue banana me thinks, 
  surely romania would look better to us outsiders . 
  you would n't be just another grey ex-commie state, 
  why would i ?
