  i dunno really . 
  warsaw is really ugly , but big though , so everyone will find something for themselvs . 
  lot 's of palaces museums and clubs . 
  bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest , one of the last if not the last untouched ancient european forests inhabited by european bisons . 
  it 's one of two last places naturally inhabited by these huge mammals in europe . 
  it 's part of a quiet complicated family affair overshadowing lichtenstein politics for generations : /, 
  ballot asked if albert 's dog rex should be given back to him after otto took him two months back . 
  17 people voted yes , otto and his mother opposed . 
  the only court they have is held every 5 years under the tree of wisdom by the duke , they did n't want to wait this much, 
  ireland , it 's always summer/autumn there thanks to the ocean, 
  there 's actually far more to mine country 's history than holocaust and stalinism, 
  i 'm a pole and this country is constantly surprising me with new classical palaces and baroque churches i did n't ever heared of . 
  they 're like everywhere, 
  when you visit auschwitz or other simmilar monuments of our european barbarity behave properly . 
  it 's not a place to make photos with dog face filter or to catch poison gas pokemons . 
  also , when you travel to poland , visit something else than auschwitz and krak\u00f3w . 
  there 's a lot to see, 
  it 's always funny to see brits saying this . 
  it 's like you guys suddenly realized , how stupid you were to vote out and want others to follow , simply to not be the only ones in the shiter . 
  is n't berlin social-democrats stronghold ? 
  calling afd `` neo-nazi '' is a bit of a stretch . 
  is it ? 
  damn what a silly question . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  were n't germans a privileged ethnic group in royal prussia during polish-lithuanian state ? 
  i do n't understand a word but will just upvotes for american bilingualism, 
  dresy or dresiarze are our version of british chavs . 
  bald guys in tracksuits, 
  london , berlin , paris , warsaw , amsterdam , brussels , frankfurt , edinburgh , hamburg ... 
  germany : everything ukraine : nothing, 
  french will be much easier to learn for you than german , but you should try both , maybe other languages too and see which one is the most interesting . 
  sz = english sh cz = english ch d\u017a , dzi , rz , ch = no idea, 
  maybe some prefer to stay in between ? 
  like sometimes you see a guy with makeup and earrings calling himself transgender ? 
  imo these events surly are handy for akp , but it 's too early to call it an inside job . 
  they said the same about hitler . 
  giving more to a tyrant wo n't stop him , saying `` no '' does . 
  taking kiev would only bust putins popularity , it 's eu and us that stop him from invading whole of ukraine . 
  since when do we care what authoritarian fuckheads with dying economy and lgbt rights from previous era think ? 
  it 's up to eu and ukraine . 
  sure it is , but i ask for personal opinions . 
  i have mixed feelings about the idea . 
  i see the potential , but i do n't know if ukraine wo n't be too much of a burden . 
  they 're really really poor and the country is huge . 
  kinda hypocritical for me as a pole to say that . 
  influencial , but what 's drive general perception on lgbt the most is silence . 
  people do n't encounter gay people in their lifes , nor they 're getting fammliar with the topic through mass media . 
  lgbt growths in myths . 
  loud mouths homophobic priests are laugh at by some but they have many supporters as well . 
  i remember when father oko made a rant on gay sex on one of ** sejm 's ** commites . 
  he was ridiculued by media , but people who invited him to sejm are now in power . 
  i felt like in fucking uganda listening to that vile creature . 
  father j\u00f3zef tischner once said `` not even marx has ability to push so many away from the church as catholic priests '' kurwa amen, 
  4 ) how are lgbt people perceived in society there ? 
  - eeeech , kinda tabu really . 
  homosexuality is associated with pedophilia by older folks , but they change their minds quickly on encountering actuall lgbt people . 
  lgbt folks and gay friendliness are n't as prominent in polish public life as in usa or britain . 
  i sooo do n't belive you !, 
  i understand the need to look cool and shit before western europeans , but you wo n't fool anyone . 
  slovenia is white like snow , of course black people get stares there . 
  and op did n't ask for what 's official . 
  everyone knows that in public eye she has to stay apolitical, 
  all i know of european geography is that belgium is a beautiful city, 
  what 's that ? 
  wait , he 's not american ? 
  central europe is more about being in sphere of german culture and habsburg/hohenzolern domination than being in the geographical middle point , it 's a historical term, 
  trans people make up like 0,000001 % of lgbt . 
  honestly , on gay dating sites you will find few times more straight princess looking for their dream gay best friend than trannies i wanted to put a priest joke somhere there ... 
  i am voting for nowoczesna and i 'm as gay as one can be . 
  most of gay dudes i know vote liberal , left or non , but they 're mostly from cities and well off . 
  i 'm sure tons of rural catholic gays vote pis, 
  dunno , but i assure you it 's not a gay thing ... or at least not mine . 
  seems rather repulsive to me, 
   circular pissing bowls in gay clubs what ??? 
  are these in every gay club ? 
  i want to see one, 
   he i see what you did there , 
  it 's too damn long . 
  you need to cut it down , if you wont to get more pieces done . 
   they seem behind most other first world countries on gay rights . 
  weeeeeell i would n't go that far . 
  my point is , us is n't some top hippie moral superpower as some muricans may think , we are doing just fine without their superior morals , thank you very much !, 
   homosexuals increase in their number as a result of spreading american values  american values oh , please , 
  green northern liberal states like vermont , oregon or maine are the ones i have the best impression of x ), 
  austrians have a room downstairs with ... uhm, 
  american `` evangelicals '' , let 's keep that distinction, 
  you had to play dummy in moment like this , did n't you ? 
  this post made me even more upset . 
  yeah , i think so too . 
  i tried to save this post in an edit , too late . 
  an orangutan , a witch , a jew , a zealot and a robot ; it 's like a beggining of a really bad joke . 
  sadly not very . 
  i myself love british tv , but average pole knows only top gear . 
  their music is of course quite popular here . 
  uh , i hate those fuckers, 
  arrogance and ignorance . 
  they think that us is somehow `` diverse '' , because they simply do n't know any place outside of their own country . 
  german death camps in occupied territories . 
  very much so . 
   attack on beirut for interested : [ `` more than 43 , non-fatal injuries - 200-240 '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_beirut_bombings ),
