  like a retarded german trying out his english language skills, 
  in eu4 : byzantium , poland , france , austria and sweden/denmark, 
  damn i can understand this -_- is it really dutch ? 
  doing my homework on civil law ... slowly ... very slowly a guy i 'm dating just went to a gay bar in krak\u00f3w with a friend ( owner of a vagina ) . 
  it bugs me that i 'm not one of these cool gaybros like him , just a nerdy sarcastic asshole without much of real friends . 
  wish i was cool too haha, 
  90 % of people here are bilingual with english as their secondary speech, 
  haha sounds like a plan !, 
  thanks op, 
  in poland , preferably in warsaw . 
  the guy i 'm dating wants to gtfo to norway after graduating . 
  such a shame, 
  i did some googling and it turns out that close relation between uralic and altaic languages is only a theory . 
  i thought it 's certain :p, 
  i do n't really like the sound of turkish , but hungarian sounds kinda nice even though these languages are supposed to be somehow related . 
  turkish sounds a lot like dark speech of mordor imo . 
  haha most of these were shit but captain france made me giggle hard :d, 
  i feel like / u/lordsab was more honest than you here haha, 
  i live in one x ), 
  you know child molestation is illegal there too ? 
  what ; s the native language of your wife ? 
  kochanowski and mickiewicz are widely considered to be the two most important authors in polish literature . 
  dunno which of these two would be the one . 
  probably mickiewicz since most of us study his work a lot in high school . 
  are we talking about juncker ? 
  albania ? 
  serbia ? 
  not bosnia surely, 
  we will build a wall and make you pay for it ... then you starve !, 
  just open wikipedia , it 's on article about any american celebrity `` on his mother side he 's swedish-german , while on father 's he 's a cherokee princess ... '' no he fucking is n't lol x ), 
  i do n't think so . 
  it was approved for voting in sejm or something like that , im not much of an expert to be honest, 
  they did it already ?? 
  i though it 's still up to a vote or two, 
  well , i agree entirely while writing this `` even in paradox interactive games '' insertion , i had polish and lithuanians names for commonwelth generals in mind . 
  one time they are slavic , the other baltic . 
  they were all polish speking , poles or lithuanians, 
  nah , they 'll love the tiny orange cock pounding their asses as much as the previous one . 
  military alliance with us is too valuable to bicker around he will most likely say a lot of dumb shit alienating folks here though . 
  i can see trump calling auschwitz `` polish death camp '' on his first visit or praising nazi efficiency in extermination . 
  he 's a fucking idiot , you can expect anything, 
  welp i can tell jews apart by the shape of their skulls . 
  that 's how silly is your question, 
  silesians are n't relevant enough for them, 
  lithuanian was spoken in samogitia since ... like forever . 
  its difficult to find a better historical analogy . 
  i know you have your gaelic language, 
  haha when was this ? 
  her popularity pick ? 
  2005 or something right ? 
  20 , i was never much into all that celebrity business, 
  god , he looks like such a twat . 
  even little trumps do n't have faces this punchable . 
  my buddy old enough to remember her showed me her live singing recently . 
  i had no idea who she was , now i miss those days of not knowing, 
  lithuania back then did n't spoke lithuanian . 
  polish language was for lithuania pretty much what english was and still is for scotland . 
  elites and cities spoke polish even though considering themselves to be lithuanian , one does n't exclude the other . 
  lots of people ( even in paradox interactive games ) seem to think the state was somehow bilingual and confuse these two `` lithuanias '' . 
  it 's only with eruption of nationalism in 19th century that lithuanian speaking lithuanians and polish speaking turned against each other . 
  mickiewicz , national poeta of poland lithuania and belarus , in opening of `` pan tadeusz '' writes `` lithuania , my fatherland '' ... in polish edit : damn , i can feel butthurt in the air . 
  wonder if it 's poles or lithuanians, 
  stereotypes aside , we do n't really swear as much as english speakers . 
  its really only drunkards and angry folks around friends that say kurwa , g\u00f3wno and so on . 
  kurwas really are n't that frequent in polish speech x ), 
  welp , i sure hope it will shuffle some folks back home . 
  we need manpower much more than they do, 
  i tried to find any info on that , but wikipedia article on garlic bread does n't mention lithuania a single time . 
  huh ? 
  mick lovell ? 
  i dunno , i do n't really remember names, 
  who exactly watch shemale porn ? 
  straight males ? 
  other trannies ? 
  so just three countries ? 
  would be easier to say what 's eastern europe rather than central, 
  danish case is different since you pegged your currency to euro ... right ? 
  or at least half of him , france, 
  what for ? 
  finland has like 50 people living there and all they export is alcoholism and depression . 
  cool song but the lyrics completely do n't match the title . 
  95 % of battles and wars they mention are from english history . 
  title should mean something, 
  homophobia and nationalism , general ignorance about surrounding world, 
  polish and english i can read some german and i 'm trying to get fluent, 
  better lederhosen than hitler . 
  take what you got, 
   stanis\u0142aw august poniatowski first of all , just stanis\u0142aw august or stanis\u0142aw ii august as a king . 
  secondly , by whom ? 
  i have never heard anyone calling him a traitor . 
  he was a briliant man and a good politician . 
  he lost , but the game was already lost before he even joined . 
  members of targowica confederacy ( targowiczanie ) are indisputably seen as traitors . 
  it 's a reddit running gag, 
  bollocks !, 
  i too would n't visit but just because of how authoritarian-friendly and alien to european values in general turks are . 
  i rather spend my money in dalmatia . 
  i like the model of economy , although you do need few basic social programs . 
  i love the tv , not the crappy loud angry tv , but the cartoons like rnm or south park and late nigh talk shows like the one with colbert . 
  as to the rest , sorry guys i do not speak spanish nor portuguese .
