  why the heck is this downvoted ? 
  could people at least here do n't kill messengers like troglodytes do on youtube just because they do n't like the title ? 
  it actually is n't silesia , just silesian voivodeship . 
  zawiercie lies in historical lesser poland, 
  it 's like im 3 yo again, 
  how do you know you are not one of them ? 
  or maybe they see you as stuid same way you see them ? 
  maybe stupidity is relative ? 
  like 1/3 of you , for something like 100 years ? 
  it 's because of all this oppression . 
  you never see models in bikini not smiling for a reason, 
  draw a line roughly between countries below 10 and above 10 . 
  you 'll get a roman empire border, 
  i like it . 
  it 's silly , but it 's traditionally silly, 
  i read it with alan davies mexican accent . 
  that 's the only time i saw a brit talking `` spanish '', 
  nah , it 's the language thing . 
  posts concerning french presidential elections struggle to get even 20 points . 
  kinda sad really, 
  does it mean macron wo n't run ? 
  so i guess welsh people are `` leeches '' by ukip standards . 
  what a fucked up country uk has to be . 
  uk is 4th contributor and around 9th or something contributor per capita . 
  funny you say that considering that many of uk regions have lower gdp per capita that some of poland 's and poland will become a net contributor in the next budget . 
  are welsh people leeches too ? 
  following you logic they are worhless since they do n't produce on average as much as most of brits . 
  ooooh snap :(, 
  now please , for the love of god , someon put this into some nice graphs, 
   it 's what google translator says, 
  oh goody , they will be in berlin in no time with all the german troops occupied in the east !, 
  right ? 
  right , guys ? 
  it 's what google translator says in english you call `` shorthand '' . 
  as you call uk `` britain '' so do we call eu `` europe '' . 
  if you people would put more attention to what others say , instead of what nouns they use , maybe you could learn something and change your irrational stance on brexit and our union . 
  it 's a 10000 time when a brexiteer on / r/europe goes for a `` eu is not europe '' bickering . 
  open champagne !, 
  it 's well know that `` facts '' have a pro-eu bias, 
  birch tree ca n't cut steel wings !, 
  wake up sheeple !!, 
  bear in mind that we scored this low while being 6th country by population , kinda pitiful if you ask me . 
  oh haha , at first i thought he quit the race for presidency to `` clear way '' for hollande , they were talking about him running the whole day on telly . 
  if not juppe , i really hope he 'll get to fight le pen in the second round . 
  [ it 's not the art that gets us , it 's the danknest ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9frw2uu.png ), 
  oh , that was n't intended, 
  that the rest of the union probably have similar unemployment rate for somali immigrants, 
   represents the conservatives , not the nationalists conservatives in the uk legalized same sex marriage , while in germany are welcoming hundreds of thousands of muslim refugees . 
  being conservative is n't about rampant homophobia and casual racism . 
  by european standards pis is a nationalist party or at very least `` ultra conservative '', 
  70 % of first and second generation immigrants from somalia in the netherlands claims benefits , while 23 % of somalis in denmark work . 
  these stats have to be simmilar for the rest of the eu, 
   we did in the uk, 
  japan numba ... somewhere in between 10 and 58, 
  1 % of american blacks will vote trump , if only whites were allowed to vote clinton would won in around 5 states . 
  race is the most important issue, 
  how do you measure that ? 
  so far we do n't have any two party system with one party for whites and one for coloured like americans do . 
  i would say americans are the mad xenophobic ones . 
  munich or vienna, 
  lol and underneath comments about muslim `` human garbage '' wtf ? 
  if i could get a coin , every time i hear this `` eu is not europe '' argument , i could found a golden statue of juncker on trafalgar square already . 
  poles are european and so are all the other things leavers voted against . 
  that 's what you get for decades of europe hate with this brexit thing as the final fuck you . 
  how insightful !, 
  are n't you an expert on french politics, 
  this kill polan british politicians are so machiavelian . 
  they got 650 thousand manpower and managed to get all the blame for downsides on the eu . 
  i wish my national politicians had this insight . 
  welp , my point still stands . 
  love to see some oppressive szlachta, 
  they wore red \u017cupans . 
  you wo n't find any more stereotypically polish clothing, 
  yeah , it feels great to be baddies for once , 
   `` no '' `` yes '' voters ftfy , but i get your point, 
  i swear to god sometimes i feel like on / r/the _ donald here . 
  the amount of lobotomized ukip twats is too damn high, 
  hillary worked really long and hard for her opinion . 
  it 's not like it stuck to her just because she was # 1 of the democrats . 
  she 's huge in american politics, 
  yes they would . 
  there were polls clearly indicating this, 
  but do republicans care which of two have bigger chances of winning ? 
  in us it was clear that sanders could wreck trump , but they still chose clinton . 
  what a shocker !, 
  so what are the chances of him winning over juppe ? 
  who would that be ? 
  i do n't see any top european politician on obama 's level of eloquence and charisma timmermans maybe ? 
  schauble ( rotfl ) ? 
  it are ? 
  i thinkin was she in reptilian planet be summer time on, 
  japan numba two china numba four, 
  analogy would be correct if the producer would be different . 
  the content of the map is the same no matter the title . 
   these maps keep getting worse by the post . 
  that you should n't judge the map by it 's title . 
  is it really that hard to grasp ? 
  `` these maps keep getting worse by the post '' we 're talking here about the map itself focus on the actual content and maybe you 'll learn something, 
  `` these maps keep getting worse by the post '' we 're talking here about the map itself focus on the actual content and maybe you 'll learn something, 
  showing eu countries is n't really the point of the map,
