  should candidate for next president of european commision then ... oooh wait, 
   but it never really got together , i did n't think . 
  maybe in a business way it got together but everyone kept their own flags - it did n't really turn into a love fest . 
  does he really not see hypocricy in his statement ? 
  maybe he 's a redditor ? 
  herr / u/jtalin , is that you ? 
  `` rachel and jonathan '' do n't represent british jewish community as a whole . 
  that 's said , if i was to live in england now , i would be sick and tired of living among arrogant , ignorant nativists . 
  these people got very prominent even on this sub . 
  i would n't want to live in a country which 52 % of population thinks they are too good to share an international organization / confederation with poor slavs and romanian beggars . 
  true that , but he has unofficial powers . 
  he 's an important voice in public debate , a man that many look up to for an opinion . 
  liberal federalist faction in the european parliament . 
  alliance of liberals and democrats for europe, 
  do they know of that other alde ? 
  pfff tell that to brexiteers . 
  this concept is too complicated for most of us europeans, 
  lol lol foreginers acctually know more of british politics than you lol no one argues that britain wo n't leave the eu , that 's certain . 
  what people doubt is that uk will seperate itselff entirelly from us and drift away to australia as ukipers think . 
  we are discussing here the form of divorce not the divorce itselfe . 
  as to the last sentence , fuck the right off , you 're an ignorrant arrogant moron . 
  poland will become a net contributor to eu budget in few years , parts of my country already have higher gdp per capita than parts of uk . 
  i wonder how wealthy you are , prick . 
  do n't speak for british people , most of them have respect for different nations unlike you little man . 
  meh , you just learn which noun is in nominative ( the basic case ) and everything is super easy from there . 
  for example in these sentences above all things that do something end with an `` a '' ( m\u0119\u017cczyzna , krowa ) . 
  though not all nouns end with an `` a '' in nominative of course . 
  it 's not happening . 
  cameron stated clearly that he wo n't be one to do the move . 
  british people gave their opinion and that 's all that happened so far . 
  farage suggested that uk may still contribute to union 's small budget after brexit , another leave politician suggested that keeping free movement of people is not off the table . 
  so it 's a comedy then ? 
  too little of pm farage and king charles, 
  nor / r/unitedkingdom there is more native german speakers than english in europe, 
  i 'm by law , but we 're not talking about me here . 
  smaller countries are overrepresendet in both parliament and commission . 
  in this sense eu states are not equall . 
  it must be said that whole of europe is `` rapidly declinning '' , we are getting old , africa is in the beginning of tripling it 's population , while chinese and indian gdp is exploding . 
  it has nothing to do with the eu . 
  by leaving us english only worsen european political decline on world stage . 
  the difference is that here we are all equall , no one has majority , while uk is clearly english dominated . 
  in reality scotland has higher gdp per capita than uk + oil . 
  with exiting uk they would join biggest economical and political block on the planet . 
  besides , many scots would pay any money to just get rid of english stupidity and arrogance in public life . 
  pls yes, 
  even if he would suggest that average leave voter is an ignorant moron , he would n't be far from truth , but he did n't make that claim . 
  no crusading for you . 
  it 's yurop 's thing only . 
  1025 ( coronation of first king ) and 1138 ( beggining of lasting 2 centuries fragmentation ) should be on the list too, 
  `` it 's so unrealistic !, 
  no sensible politician would ever support brexit !, 
  and why would that cameroon guy make this referendum anyway ? 
  he 's a lazy , arrogant bastard liked by no one but himself . 
  good for uk and good for europe . 
  966 joined western civilization 1410 kicked some german arse 1569 made a new fancy federal state 1655 deluge , we were so wrecked 1795 cut in three 1914 free again 1939 cut in two 1989 free again, 
  so much about making britain great again and queen have n't even died yet . 
  wonder how long they will stay under king charles . 
  a main reason for sure , european integration is another one . 
  does n't change the fact that uk did n't do well then, 
  do n't forget that you joined exactly because of how not very well you did outside . 
  you had the smallest gdp growth in g7 , now it 's the biggest . 
  britain was in a state of political and economical decline . 
  pfff , i will abolish democracy completely , sell nhs , criminalize veganism and grant scotland independence just to nuke glasgow and annex them back . 
  unlike dave and boris , i have all planned out 5 years ahead , 
  does it mean i still can steal cameron 's job ? 
  i was pretty pumped up for this one till recently, 
  more inteligent = / = inteligent . 
  all people are bunch of dumb cunts to me , but i 'm a major dickhead so my opinion may be a bit off . 
  til schauble is partially paralyzed since 1990 when he was shoot three times by a madman . 
  i thought it 's some kind of disease, 
  http://warszawa.tvp.pl/25841085/19062016 this is what our right wing nutjobs laugh to . 
  these two are as much popular with pensioners and brain damaged people as with internauts and young people who find it funny how unfunny and propagandist this show is . 
  because that 's the option of more intelligent , better educated people and you will have hard time finding place in comedy while being a dummie . 
  have you seen right wing comedy ? 
  bloody diarrhea is funnier . 
  what he means is that communism in political philosophy is utopian goal that so far was n't achieved, 
  because they are n't poor dirty slavs aiming for your job ? 
  sometimes when i take a break from listening to brexiteers i nearly forget that we have two classes of europeans . 
  look at him , so good at grammar of his first language . 
  oh boy now i feel stupid . 
  you showed me without even actually responding to my comment . 
  they have to go far and deep to find an unpayed by soros/juncker/jews shill / s, 
  lost ? 
  its referendum not a war you muttering dumbas . 
  i fully accept the outcome . 
  unlike your demigod nige that before the results came in declared they will make another one if they lose . 
  rubing in the face of your opponents that you won , you won , wo n't make your cause any more just . 
  it 's still a vote for unfactual idiots nationalists little people without perspective and a lost for united fucking kingdom overall . 
  then accept that you are one already and stop voting for the sake of british interests . 
  then you 're an fucking idiot . 
  it 's governments that organized these referendums not the eu . 
  and even if , 4 of those ( danish french swedish and dutch ) had consequences with the will of the people . 
  does sweden use euro ? 
  because that 's what that shitty papers is trying to suggest, 
  telegraph pls . 
  poland will sooner get into space than leave the union, 
  damn this is well made and actually shows more of europe than this recently popular on reddit video from vacation in `` europe '' showing just a bit of london and paris . 
  this church in lichen is the ugliest catholic made pice of crap since that statue of jesus in swiebodzin , so tacky . 
  a world class expert on economy right here . 
  why did we even bother to write these trade agreements with 3rd countries for decades when we could just do business from our toilets ?
