  there should be some kind of repost police on reddit . _ . 
  do n't think that / u/deus-vicit or op represent us in any way . 
  every nation has their portion of idiots, 
  it 's dumb op 's interpretation . 
  it 's just a historic flag , nothing was implied by the president 's stuff, 
  oh that 's cute , 
  google translate is great with french to english translations !, 
  i use it all the time . 
  i had to missed it, 
  what kind of blasphemy is that ? 
  and you have 131 thousand subs ? 
  imagine how many you would have with maymays allowed, 
  oh damn wrong word i 'll edit my comment, 
  why do n't we see any of their posts in / r/all then ? 
  : / only / r/sweden and / r/de gets there, 
  with uk we have only 500 milion folks !, 
  are you really confusing continent with the union ? 
  if so you should be banished to america for few years, 
  almost nobody calls you croatia, 
  tell me if im wrong here , but that 's not really `` austro-hungarian '' flag , right ? 
  reddit offten calls it that , but it was n't popular at all and they mostly used black-gold habsburg flag . 
  does britain bomb yemen ? 
  would saudis not bomb yemen if britian would n't sell them weapons ? 
  thats a silly analogy . 
  multiple nations sell weapons to saudistan already, 
  with the next union 's budget poland will be a net contributor . 
  will see then how european pis really is . 
  there are allready many wilders thinking mps in the party . 
  a propos of kaczynski , i do n't think he 's some machiavelian mastermind of polish politics as many portrate him . 
  he proved it with lost campaign against abortion or his multiple childish squabbles . 
  one have to applaud british public 's moral stance , but it is a bit unfair to the tory government . 
  if they would stop selling weapons to these motherfuckers someone else would . 
  why do you bring him out to the people , kiddo ? 
  keep this twat on our side of the internet, 
  again no trump voice and talking style ? 
  way to kill all the fun, 
  no troglodyte voice ? 
  first of all , liberal centrist voters were united anther po not so long ago and ones of three mentioned by you parties have nothing to do with each other secondly who cares ? 
  it 's only percentage , that matters here, 
  by definition of word foreign . 
  his point is that it belongs to the british citizens as much as to the others in th eu . 
  do n't play dummies you understood him/her very well . 
  i did n't say otherwise . 
  btw po and n. together would have way more votes of higher educated folks than pis , they have split the same electorate, 
  pm of portugal is in the audience ? 
  they should have get him on the panel :p, 
  :( here goes all of our hope, 
  this !, 
  level of education is also important , pis has a strong support among dummies . 
  why do people still care what he has to say ? 
  does it mean we have a chance with him ? 
  oh the german sarcasm . 
  it 's like you have not one but two languages foreign to us, 
  you put too much faith into their knowledge of european politics . 
  they do n't even know what afd is . 
  what for ? 
  do they have too many sympathizers abroad ? 
   what none of these publications mention is that the catalonian solidarity for independence party is not even in the catalonian parliament and therefore does not represent any official position . 
  misleading title, 
  these fanatics are so petty, 
  `` leave the vote on european union membership to people without any knowledge on european politics , economy or even basic geography ? 
  what a splendid idea ! '', 
  said mr. cameron to himsefe and wrote another paragraph to his manifesto, 
  it 's still too fucking many, 
  fillon doesnt have any on his rallies too, 
  sceleton more likely, 
  that 's how you recognize a hohe energie politician, 
  that 's mine http://i.imgur.com/vcrd2jq.jpg proper polish cat not worth a post but a comment maybe, 
  best day ever, 
  do n't give these fuckheads any ideas, 
  close to no one knows about these ( or this ? ), 
  games over here . 
  good for them, 
  do french actually care for this ? 
  we did it , reddit !, 
  actually it was n't back then . 
  became austrian in early 19th century, 
  well there is that https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_hyacinth not much compared to other countries but still, 
  because when they got really popular in europe poland was not on the map and before that polish criminal law was really archaic and deaf to this hip criminalization of sodomy from the west . 
  it 's not like our nobles were gay friendly . 
  buuuuut he is so funny ; _ ; lets make a trump tread from time to time, 
  jesus fuck , uk . 
  you have some proper sceltons in the closet !, 
  proper liberal open minded and even handsome president there it is . 
  i wonder if melenchon is really thinking of droping out for hamon . 
  imagine second round with hamon and le pen , choice between crazy and mad . 
  russian ? 
  i think he meant rusyn, 
  w-why do you people care so much ? 
  it was just a little accident and there are 385 comments in 4 hours and 14 other discussions on the same article . 
  is n't this what makes these attacks more frequent ? 
  the publicity you give them every time ? 
  few days ago 5 teenegers died poisoned in germany and nobody gave a damn . 
  v_v senpai will never notice us, 
  we used to kill them with hammers before christmas after keeping them in our bathtubs for a day or two . 
  some old people still do, 
  you 're sarcastic , right ? 
  i think he meant by territory , but even when the state was the largest it 's still come second after russia, 
  germany should be destroyed soviet style after ww1 . 
  split into few nations , demilitarized and merge steel and coal industries with french british and italian .
