  too many various adjectives for trump . 
  too few of `` sad '' `` good '' `` bad '' `` beautiful '' `` great '' and `` yuge '' . 
  he 's not this eloquent, 
  which libya ? 
  eugh im 20 but when it comes to technology im about 70 . 
  thanks, 
  oh fuck yes please . 
  i have heared of a woman who named her child george written with d\u017c , d\u017cord\u017c, 
  garry, 
  do people still write much sms ? 
  i feel like it gets more and more redundant with time . 
  right now i call and text only my mum , grandpas and public institutions , with the rest i communicate through facebook or email apps only : / edit : now its clearer, 
  not much into that kinku , eh ? 
  that 's still a thing ? 
  then you should know more . 
  at least visit grandma 's village or something : /, 
   my favourite civ in civilization v they gave white eagle to austria and black one to poland . 
  well , maybe if you 're hurt so much by that , do n't show us a major fuck you like brexit next time you get annoyed with better skilled people taking over your jobs and tory austerity ? 
  just and idea, 
  confession , lavish temples , bishops , concordats , all kinds of traditions and rituals are not in the bible and they still have use in the catholic church, 
  santa lives in lapland , you silly , 
  you 're upvoting an article , not giving support to hamon whenever i hear this `` cos he/she 's a socialist '' argument i immediately lose any interest in further discussion . 
  that presents nothing more than doggedness and shortsightedness . 
  folks should focus on programs and actions not labels . 
  but i guess hating on socialists and leftists is now a hip thing to do among polish patriotic youth, 
  and it gets 5 points from / r/europe subscribers so far ? 
  again : also kingdoms of burgundy , italy and bavaria . 
  you said nothing to prove me wrong . 
  burgundy and italy were both kingdoms in personal union under the emperor and were de iure part of the empire, 
  also kingdoms of burgundy , italy and bavaria, 
  this is a different title . 
  emperor was both king of germany and italy, 
  very constructive comment . 
  please , tell more, 
  i looked up insides on google maps . 
  not impressed . 
  a vulgar mix of old and new . 
  from the outside it 's beautiful though, 
  polish one is not heraldically correct since it has shades not gon na lie , it kinda bugs me, 
  have you checked in jail ? 
  my point is that even with uk our gdp is smaller, 
  they already did in gdp, 
  there is a russian song on that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dujyctyaqsi, 
  it rather looks like americans are more confused about the concept or do n't know what nato is at all rather than they dislike it more than europeans . 
  haha i would give you gold if i was n't a cheap asshole, 
   , but that 's it oooh thank fucking god, 
  95-99 % of folks in every bigger european state lived in the country before 1850s . 
  cities really became a backbone of economy through industrial revolution , before that nearly everyone lived of agriculture, 
  is n't that the case for most of big cities in europe ? 
  it 's duriing the industrial revolution when cities exploded in size , before that there were very few cities with populations larger than 100 000 . 
  the best part is poles do same shit about vilnius and lviv and dont see the hypicrisy, 
  that reminds me , i have an exam on public international law i should study to right now o_o, 
  many by percentage , not by number, 
  not moldova ? 
  since when ? 
  mountains , do n't speak serbo-croatian , boring and unimaginative flag , very clean ( especially compared to italy ) , quite rich, 
  god , this is dumb, 
  polls predictet a borderline win for clinton . 
  she was supposed to win by less than 10 electoral votes . 
  polls were going head to head, 
  of course you didnt have these events . 
  youre delusional to think people overe there in america had any less prejudice these ar\u0119 the same people for gods sake . 
  vast majority of you came there just 100-150 years ago, 
  washingtons letter ? 
  you really think there was no friendly gestures from eueopean leaders towards jews in 18th century and before ? 
  you cant use one letter to prove a point like this . 
  americans were as antysemitic as europeans dont kid yourself . 
  ** if ** she 'll be wrecked by fillon 30 to 70 or maybe even wo n't get to the second round, 
  @_ @ tells you something about these folks, 
  really cool `` votre profil politique correspond \u00e0 78 % \u00e0 fran\u00e7ois fillon '' i 'm about half way from fillon to macron, 
  no it 's not . 
  european anthem does n't have words !, 
  they only use the melody . 
  that 's something people always forget about, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox4irqvgsbu they were unironically playing this shit at his rallies, 
  with the little china maybe, 
  is there any nation that doesnt claim this stereotype to be their own ? 
  sad . 
  tibilisi of course . 
  its both capital and the biggest city . 
  how very insightful , original and relevant to the article . 
  eugh , that 's not a word , that 's maiden name of lord cthulhu 's wife, 
  you 're sick with blind heatred . 
  read few of your comments in this tread yourselfe . 
  it 's a political party , not an antichrist . 
  did n't the last ones died off around 1st century bc ? 
  edit : wikipedia says there still were some lions left in greece during herodotus life, 
  oh , i remember him < 3, 
   what ? 
  of course you recent ancestry means a lot ... in what way ? 
  you 're really vague . 
  i meant that if all 8 of his graed grandparents were from region x , that does n't mean all of his great great grandparents are n't from complittely different places . 
  you ca n't tell all of your family history by knowing only the most recent part . 
  is that a joke . 
  that 's more than 1200 years ago . 
  now that 's meaningless . 
  to show you how absurd that is , barack obama and dick cheney , george bush , etc have a common ancestors going back 2 or 3 hundred years . 
  you seem angry and i do n't know why . 
  they might have and that does n't relly contradict what i said in any way , buddy, 
  he has to be one of the best known dutch musician outside of the netherlands,
