please do n't use american meaning of `` liberal '' at least on / r/europe , it 's a plague, 
  notice downvote/upvote patern after europe goes asleep , trump trolls take over this sub 's comment sections for few hours, 
  yeah , how about you get back to listening experts ? 
  there are three main political parties in poland right now - pis , po ( our version of cdu ) and nowoczesna ( liberals ) . 
  if po and nowoczesna would today go to elections as one coalition , they would get about 35 % , that 's 5 more than pis . 
  it 's not `` poland '' , but pis ; _ ;, 
  no it does not . 
  economy is about supply and damand , not about your personal feelings about random nations on the globe . 
  this fantasy about replacing eu27 with australia and canada is too damn frequent among brexiteers . 
  yeah , bargain with him . 
  just to prove you 're not less of a moron , right ? 
   11/9 ooooooh now i get these jokes . 
  damn i 'm slow, 
  it 's quiet ironic that you the one that stands against european project talks about benefits od cooperation, 
  said the first shitposting brexiteer of / r/europe, 
  kenya west for vp, 
  pfft we were first at everything . 
  take a note america, 
  oh boy i sometimes forget hungary have theses retards in power, 
  plus in a second round 3rd party voters would probably prefer hillary over trump, 
  burn it , burn it all !, 
  i dare you !, 
  grindr gave me a different impresion of average dick size in poland . 
  where are all these 18-20 cm ? 
  w-would p-p-people lie to me on the internet ? 
  she 'll be hanged on statue 's of liberty crown pointy thingy, 
   leaving the eu hon hon :d we need to get used to this status, 
  hmm i would start with researching wikipedia for tips , but there is a rumor that the orange man-child ca n't read yet, 
  hear hear !, 
  also juppe does n't seem that bad, 
  oooh i chuckled, 
  `` you forgot poland '' - gw bush, 
  most of us still do :d president or not , he will always be a comedy gold material, 
  minus london which makes up 10-15 % of all british population, 
  every nation is mostly made up of utter morons but english are arrogant on that, 
  no t_t, 
  gah , i can sing it in polish , latin and german . 
  never gets old, 
  ugh i 'm so damn hard right nao x (, 
  so he 's from epp ? 
  not many people know , that polish and ukrainian vocabularies are actually much closer than russian and ukrainian . 
  since both russian and ukrainian are eastern slavic , people think they have to be simmilar , while they are really not . 
  polish speakers do n't understand ukrainian but they get singular words from a slow speaking ukrainian and can make some sense out of those, 
  too few countries : /, 
  western roman empire did n't have any pagan emperors ( counting from honorius ), 
  at a gay bar gay bar gay bar, 
  you honestly took my comment seriously ? 
  it 's another freedom hating burka-durkistan is n't it ? 
  what 's the difference really ? 
  gah ... come on now . 
  of all things they could write about, 
  does what ? 
  did he make a double sieg hail ? 
  my mum puts it on potatoes with sliced kielbasa !, 
  it 's not orange like on google images though , looks kinda like warm sauerkraut . 
  i think they add tomato paste or plum for that red-orange color, 
  bigos ; _ ; just when hunger comes, 
  uno , we do n't have your liberal gay friendly mass media of this caliber duo , it was n't approved by parliament but by judiciary nothing to be proud of imo, 
  you have to give him that his lies and half-truths are so damn smooth . 
  he 's a brilliant speaker and demagogue . 
  he says that europeans cities were always big , as oposed to american ones that grow in the last 100 years period , but he does n't give any source for that . 
  did n't european cities reall became metropolis we know through the industrial revolution ? 
  a pole and a polcka ? 
  x ) polman and a polwoman ? 
  some people care more for truth and historical accuracy rather than nationalist pride, 
  kurwa ... sometime / r/europe makes you so fucking embarrassed of being polish, 
  golden libety ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  term refers to personal freedoms and equality among the nobility . 
  polish law did n't penelaize homosexuality because they did not recognize it as a thing at all . 
  it 's because of how archaic and out of time polish criminal law was , not how gay friendly poles were . 
  gay friendliness did n't exist till recent century, 
   this shows psoe 's true colours how dare they be rational and care for the country , rather their own electoral result ?? 
  itd easy to be edgy and cool about your funeral when you 're still young, 
  it 's not extreme politics it 's childishness and straight up stupidity of these young people . 
  they find ussr image and propaganda cool so they label themselves `` stalinists '' or whatever, 
  and ? 
  so is to some degree every good fantasy . 
  history writes the best stories, 
  it 's sad that people think of iceland only in context of game of thrones ... although it 's much better than being associated by americans only with the holocaust like us, 
  this is just sad . 
  there was a time when you could n't discuss history on reddit without few morons making comparisons to game of thrones . 
  its like people take their actual history knowledge of this tv series . 
  i feel like the biggest hype wore off already, 
  ugh , you ca n't be serious ... 
  did i say it 's not ? 
  you presented polish media as somehow unusually biased , while you do n't need to reach far to find equally politicized journalism in other countries . 
  as opposed to what country ? 
  the only country without biased media is the country without media, 
  how the fuck is this upvoted ?? 
  it 's official average internet user is retarded . 
  i wonder where are all the regular folks at . 
  probably reading books or something, 
  oh fuck i nearly spilled milk through my nose pls no more haha, 
  good , do n't bring him back on wawel and please take all parts of him, 
  lithuanian , latvian , belarusian , russian ? 
  wow you 're golden dude . 
  like a pole from eastern border maybe ukrainian studying in poland, 
  it 's not my system , it 's the world 's system !, 
  all of humanity adopted universal metric system at least partially with an expection of three countries - usa , liberia and burma !,
