  people need to learn ( especially brexiteers on / r/europe ) that we use terms interchangeably and it can be understood from context what europe we are talking about right now . 
  there are two britains , one geographic and one political and so are two europes . 
  `` good porn stars '' ? 
  not that i mind , but i think it better suits czech republic, 
  ca n't imagine why / s, 
  i like your spirit , although there 's not much of defending with nuclear weapon , it 's mutual annihilation, 
  thank god he did n't have a gun, 
  aleksandreczki macedonicki , he 's some greek cheesy copy :p, 
  ceremonial capital aigai too , but that does n't change the face that alex was a squatting slav, 
  someone had to, 
  for me it 's irena sendler and her alike forgotten by history, 
  huh ? 
  i always thought he was macedonian, 
  are you saying that there are places where people do n't build houses of cardboard ? 
  findland , you can not into commie brutalism , stahp, 
  easter ~ ~ poland ~ ~ ukraine new investment area in the ~ ~ europen ~ ~ new soviet union, 
  he looks goofy on that pic , reminds me of swedish king in bunny ears hat, 
  i like the drawings and all , but it 's so in white and black narrative , they want to make a hero and sell a good story rather than present actual history . 
  it 's especially visible in their series on suleyman the lawmaker . 
  so much talking about his feelings , they even managed to put there ghost of justinian . 
  i 'm not sure what audience are they targeting . 
  he did n't backed erdogan , he backed democratically elected executive . 
  obama did n't even mention erdogan by name or title . 
  ech , opinion pieces are now coming up and the coup is getting to an end, 
  they lost control over attaturk airport and the biggest military unit in istambul does n't support the coup, 
  yup, 
   they 're not worried about their control being challenged . 
  mob alredy took two tanks . 
  are you sure op ? 
  where 's erdogan ? 
  is he still in ankara ? 
  damn , this is happening fast, 
  fucking hell , it 's official , pm confirmed coup :p, 
  i feel like coup would actually get turkey back from extremists, 
  far worse , but ok , fair enough, 
  really ? 
  just yesterday over 80 people lost their lives murdered, 
  holy shit !, 
  is this for reals guys ? 
  uugh , read once again slowly what i wrote and calm down . 
  you 're completely missing my point . 
  you asked whats an `` american thing only '' , then my answer followed . 
  seeing politics in two colours , seeing only donkeys and elephants , `` liberals '' and `` conservatives '', 
  it 's american thing only, 
  philip the 0 for english, 
  funny you say that considering that yt comment sections are occupied by right wing nutjobs and nationalists , all of whom are brexiteers allergic to fact, 
  `` we had enough of experts '' `` 350 fucktilions pounds every week '' `` 300 thousands welfare tourists from eastern eu '' `` breaking point '' `` brussels make 170 % of our laws '' `` eurocrats give hiv to english babies '' ... ok i made up this one , but is n't it something that could do well on a daily mail cover ? 
  my brain just exploded 0_0, 
  hitler was a german so is merkel , does it mean she 's a nazi ? 
  there are many shades of far right . 
  le pen as awful might be do n't preach superiority of french race , do n't call for an extermination of any ethnic group , do n't want another war on this god forsaken continent . 
   because of people with low iq , like you . 
  talk about nazism with an edgy kiddo with superiority complex, 
   hitler hitler blah blah hitler come on , find a proper argument, 
  and the award for hippie green progressive leftist of 2016 goes to ... 
  that 's simply not true . 
  by the time of greatest extent of hunnic empire , elites , people closest to attila lost their language and adopted germanic speech , even their names started to become gemanic . 
  well not german but a germanic language, 
  could you stop quoting your interlocutors ? 
  [ chant du depart ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaqg16quv9c ) is even better . 
  france has some amaizing anthems, 
  in other news - donald trump : `` we are even smarter , stronger and more determined ! '', 
  nope , that was a regular mep, 
  is there any ? 
  huns were mostly germanic speaking at time of attila . 
  another genocide germans have to apologize for imo edit added '' - ic '', 
  that bulgarian speaking part of serbia, 
  and here i was trying to help . 
  how mean, 
  how about vardaria ? 
  western bulgaria ? 
  vardarian bulgaria ? 
  bulgarian serbia ? 
  bulgarian macedonia ? 
  norther macedonia ? 
  discount macedonia ? 
  moesia superior ? 
  i can go with this whole day long, 
   `` if everybody were like that , germany would confront poland for the revenge ethnic cleansing from 1945 to 1950 . '', 
  it 's about whitewashing history and maiking germans the victims . 
  we lost 17 % of our population , over 5 and a half milion people were butchered by germans alone , cities were razed to the ground and nation sold to stalin . 
  bragging about world war 2 casualties by germans is . 
  sheer stupidity and lack of morals of you two is unbelivable . 
  oh i see how well you acknowledge it right about now . 
  you really want to compare lost of gda\u0144ska and szczecin to deaths of milions in most inhumane ways ? 
  how can you compare those hills of corpses while braging about `` danzig '' with straight face and say that you `` acknowledge your crimes '' . 
  such an empty phrase that could be use by anyone . 
  i too can say that `` i acknowledge polish crimes '' because i belive what wikipedia says . 
  how most honourauble of me . 
  of course germans acknowledge their guilt plainly because it 's obvious and overwhelming . 
  scale of barbarity and cruelty shown by your nations was never seen before on this continent . 
  unbelievable, 
  oh , shut the fuck up now please . 
  do n't start a martyr constest with us , because you , midly speaking , did more harm to our nation than we did to yours . 
  from annexed lands alone germans expeled over 1,5 milion native polish people and you were planing to butcher 80-85 % of whole nation , germans were killing in houndreds of thousands and i have n't even get to polish jews . 
  but hey , much rapes in berlin , many kids had to clean death camps and remove mines , oh boy , how sorry im . 
  utterly ridiculous . 
   i was the future once my feels ;( let him be our pm now , plox, 
  i still ca n't belive they made this nutter a minister . 
  of all people they had to chose this mujahedin,
