  parts of uk in eu and parts outside . 
  on top of that , a bright new status just for uk , different from eea , is apparently considered here and there, 
  oh shut up on these neverendums and go back to work people, 
  meh , he 's just one man with a short cadency . 
  brexit is irreversible and far more damaging, 
  problem is he will be replaced by another tory . 
  most likely by boris or worse, 
  and you were angry on the english people , / r/europe . 
  top lads right there, 
  can the next vote be on abolishing democracy for oligarchy of wealthy and higher educated ? 
  i 'm all for it while not having a uni diploma nor money . 
  who 's with me ? 
  no one ? 
  i thought so . 
  i ca n't stand seeing these muttering idiots having a single vote as professors , economists , and lawyers . 
  it already is half way there , but referendum on accepting any kind of `` costitution of europe '' is doomed to fail, 
  regions ? 
  not like poorer districts of regions ? 
  london is quite expensive no matter where you look and it still has a lot of immigrants just in the cheaper districts, 
  meh , it wo n't happen . 
  this `` uk will fall apart '' circljerk on / r/europe has no bearing . 
  10 % of scots will change their minds just before voting and unionists will block reunification of ireland , mark my words . 
  there would need to be another major blow to stability of britain , like a lost fight for full soverignity over gibraltar or sudden death of queen ( king charles wo n't help keeping scotland in ) for any of this reeferendums to succeed, 
  brexit won by less than 4 % , do n't act like british people support you . 
  hah thanks mate !, 
  they are all , maybe not idiots , but at least ignorants and did n't really know what were voting for, 
  coz i 'm an idiot . 
  i have a second chance in september if i fail there i pay 400 z\u0142 to go further, 
  oh thank god, 
  as is dementia and parkinson . 
  in case you do n't have one, 
  i fucked up, 
  - strong economic ties wit spain - importance of eu membership for gibraltar - spanish dominion in the past - little population made up of people moved there by british - strategic importance i do n't see why spain should fight for shared sovereignity, 
  because experience teaches you macroeconomics and eu politics ? 
  but who 'll represent uk in the council if ~ ~ dodgy ~ ~ dave stepped down ? 
  queen ? 
  sub turned into / r/eurpeancasualconversation i do n't care . 
  it 's just an exam . 
  i 'll do better next time . 
  all i can think of now is brexit, 
  what does it have to do with anything ? 
  i ca n't even, 
  kurwa - that 's how . 
  im doing it again in september, 
  it 's a fucking hell hole . 
  no air conditioning 100 degrees, 
  just getting to the hall , so hot and loud :p fucking hell you too , keep calm and get an a or whatever is best to get there, 
  i 'm a redditor of course i do n't !, 
  talking vis a vis is for normies, 
  o7 means a lot coming from a true patriot, 
  these remaintards were so low energy , not even like a 10 anymore . 
  now united kingdoms - or however they call it - will be wining so much , so so much , they will get tired of wining , i tell you . 
  we are so smart , we know so many words and they give us some `` experts '' ( more like experderps right ? ), 
  that call us uneducated and ignorant , i wonder how many yuuuge deals they made ? 
  murrican enough ? 
  yeah , better to turn off internet for this exam session . 
  now make a map showing how to say `` fuck you too , britain '' in different languages, 
  thanks , 
  thank you, 
  british governments will still cooperate with the eu which may federalize in next decades . 
  uk will stay in eu 's sphere of influence as norway , switzerland or western balkanistans . 
  this cooperation runs deep and ca n't be broken by a vote . 
  there are forces far stronger than the will of the people in play here . 
  edit : `` sphere of influence '' is n't the best term to describe what i had in mind, 
  tell me about it , i have an exam in an hour, 
  do n't purge brexit related posts , mods . 
  it will calm down in 12 hours anyway, 
  you really do n't even know where ireland is ? 
  were we brigaded by / r/the _ donald ? 
  where are all these laughable morons coming from ? 
  wish that was to be true , but it wo n't . 
  different species actually if you consider trump to be a ~ ~ chimp ~ ~ monkey edit : confused words, 
  i look forward to seeing britons realizing that cameron was n't such a twat after all, 
  you 're advocating getting back to geopolitics of the old days . 
  hate and prejudice driven politics, 
  and then let 's invade britain !, 
  england would be annexed to france and the rest set free . 
  this gon na be good, 
  lizard people, 
  poor daily mail . 
  who will now give hiv to babies with eurocrats so far away ? 
  predictions are that it will take them at least a decade to do so ... , 
  i would propose to not let people vote on something this huge in a referendum . 
  democracy shoul be as much indirect as possible . 
  you should take a minute or two to read on democracy . 
  you do n't measure it by rightfulness of decisions that are taken besides , i 'm not saying referendum was n't democratic ( does anyone ? 
  ) , quite the opposite . 
  ignorant masses voted for option they think know best . 
  what 's funny about it ? 
  you 're still a repulsive idiot and recession will take that british horse teeth smile off your face . 
  even if so they are unlikely to vote yes this time, 
  so basically stupidity and ignorance won over reason and fact ? 
  democracy, 
  i thought it 's related to somalian, 
  oh god ... 
  i have an exam in few hours do n't make me cry now, 
  did eurocrats gave hiv to the queen ??? 
  new eu regulations on size of tea pots ??? 
  juncker the crackhead !!, 
  is it really that bad ?
