  was new castle expect to vote strongly in ? 
  why ? 
  is n't red english national color ? 
  is turkish related to black speech of mordor ? 
  well , you ca n't really blame ignorance of the people on the commission , do you ? 
  and is n't keeping people away from involving in eu and getting to know it structure the main goal of ukip and it 's alikes ? 
  i will need a source for that claim, 
  f-for european project ? 
  called cameron pig fucker and then drunk a beer while making yt video in his mother 's basement ... quality, 
  was n't tibet like colonized by han chinese ? 
   you need to subscribe to read this article, 
  [ i love this version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v582kpp43mg ), 
  mmm so salty . 
  you ca n't remember basic facts on eu and still believes in tabloid myths on the topic . 
  i would n't expect you to know my username as i would n't expect a child believing in santa to buy me back a present . 
  i know enough of you to know that you 're a perfect boogeyman for any potential brexiteer . 
  i thank you for your service to remain campaign and strong united kingdom within europe . 
  more like `` they '' . 
  no offence , but i recognize your username and rational argument does n't seem like something you 're capable of, 
  leave camp in a nutshell . 
  spamming with mems while remainers are talking rational argument just a millimeters on screen away, 
  for opposite side : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dmylrxr0y8, 
  are turks aware that longer they bitch about this genocide the more publicity it gets ? 
  are you some kind of double agent cheering for remain ? 
  whatever you say makes me laugh at loud, 
  this teenage girl 's outrage on eu is kinda english thing really, 
  you have to type a magic spell, 
  but is staying really seen as status quo ? 
  people do n't really understand eu , it 's not something they know . 
  fear may persuade them the other way . 
  im afraid uk may leave by votes of ignorant and morons . 
  cameron and conservative party in general were the main supporters of turkey 's accession not so long . 
  `` poles are not a race '' argument incoming in 3 ... 2 ... 
  two women , the one in a glasses on remain side and the one in red on leave side , never heared of any of two , both were briliant . 
  on the other hand , the left wing female mp on remain side that alwas sits on first bench in hoouse of commons ... hide her in the closet with corbyn !, 
  [ like here ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmgyqspbdj4 ) major is briliant, 
  why not major or cameron ? 
  why do remain camp send these crappy debaters just a day before the vote ? 
  yeah , the voice is hypnotizing, 
  20-30 year olds are the ones with the sharpest brains and ones that in relatively huge number still educate themselves . 
  what is life experience good for in a voting on european project ? 
  you learn about european institutions in nursing homes ? 
  uuuugh , so much reading and facts . 
  where are scarry brown people stealing jobs and eurocrats eating queen and giving hiv to babies ? 
  so damn much . 
  secondly , find some fancy new titles for these countless presidents, 
  not if they used condoms . 
  i doubt belgium and iceland are in a relationship together, 
  i have n't met a single one so far . 
  masculine or feminine all gay men seem to hate sports ( apart from the gym and jogging of course ), 
  as if gay guys watch football, 
  replace hungary with turkey and it 's 10/10, 
  belgium bottoming obviously , 
  wikipedia awaits you, 
  what 's good about it ? 
  that nobody wants to fuck with us ? 
  [ ** has the e.u. 
  made taxpayers ' money impotent ? 
  ** ] ( http://www.qwghlm.co.uk/toys/dailymail/ ), 
  until her death . 
  i predict charles will lose few thrones for british monarchy , he wo n't be a bit as popular and respected as her . 
  maybe eurocrats plan for queen to lose some weight ? 
  you probably know that already but turks drink way more tea per capita than brits . 
  no , like this exact add . 
  apparently it 's possible , this video is from 2013 or older, 
  i feel like i have seen this one before, 
  hah i doubt that , i did n't google single term but a sentence, 
  dunno , google proposed it, 
  that 's really naive of you, 
  yeah , i know . 
  birth rate is dropping among muslims with every generation too . 
  what about [ these stats ] ( https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2012/09/03/muslim-demographics-pew-statistics-try-to-whitewash-actual-projections/ ) ? 
  / joking, 
  okay i did some googling . 
  seems like 25 is indeed mildly speaking bit too high . 
  it did n't make my inner islamophobe much less frustrated though . 
  i knooo , that 's why i 'm asking for proper stats, 
  ooor cameron will step down immediately after and next pm will ignore the vote . 
  probability is very low , but it 's possible, 
  oh boy , and here silly me was thinking that this referendum is about leaving or staying in the eu , apparently it 's on federal army, 
  sweden seem to be very liberal in naturalizing newcomers and opening itself to immigrant . 
  uk on the other hand get immigrants of different religions and have smaller % of muslims among immigrants . 
  my gut tells me sweden will be around 25 % muslim by 2050 , but that could be my ass not gut . 
  how many of swedes will be muslim by this time ? 
  honest question , i do n't look for another argument on immigration . 
  really ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  any links ? 
  that 's something, 
  it was quite okayish until the song started . 
  why / s ? 
  he was purposefully omitting facts and statistics to focus on what 's little , personal and meaningless in a broad picture . 
  that girl is a perfect example of that practice . 
  i love that woman . 
  whish today 's politicians have at least half of her balls and brain . 
  i 'm gay and i do n't have much to complain about really . 
  frankly , i have never been harassed by a homophobe , but multiple times by other gay guys online on grindr and such . 
  government is made of fucktards though, 
  how about you kiss your imaginary girlfriend to sleep and let other people fuck however and whoever they want ?
