  they have different mottos or something ? 
  how are they still so popular ? 
  i would get bored after few of them, 
  in less cautious words - he 's an utter moron  __ , 
  hmph , wish i was any good at these it stuff, 
  breaking news, 
  yes , please . 
  with weapons if possible, 
  who else but a jew , right ? 
  i do n't often quote our pm , but `` just do n't steal '', 
  i did in my exam session  __ , 
  and what a jail it is . 
  he lives better than most of university students in multiple european countries . 
   strengths  skillful young lawyers will have greater chance to become a sc judge . 
  lol , yeah sure . 
  half of these mentioned `` strengths '' are pros only for pis members and layers in their families, 
  i downvoted this comment . 
  i do n't like petty folks crying about points, 
  30-35 % of voting people is now considered a majority ? 
  you have to be really bad at maths, 
  hear hear . 
  also pis voters are one of the most dedicated and they % would fall with a rise in general turnout, 
  yeaaaah i do n't buy this . 
  it sounds a lot like the stories pis makes up about their opponents . 
  just let me find my whip, 
  trust me , i would if i could, 
  i did n't say anything of this sort . 
  treatening opponents with jail or death is actually pis fanatics favourite past time . 
  all i said is , that these people should not be treatened as regular politicians and their ideas as mainstream . 
  in france , germany or uk they score bellow 2 % with parties like bnp or npd and here it 's around 35 . 
  this is fucked up . 
  i 'm sick of their witch hunts , their insults to rule of law , their xenophobia and homophobia , their nationalism , conspiracy theories and dividing us into better and worse sort . 
  this is a republic not their besiged fortress i 'm sorry for being visibly angry . 
  i ca n't cope with polish politics anymore x (, 
  he was obviously being sarcastic . 
  now i 'm not sure if you 're entirely serious here . 
  no , i wo n't stand equalising this hateful crap with decent political idologies . 
  pis is a party of people like pi\u0119ta that wants to imprisone people for being gay , mad conspiraciy theorists like maciereiwcz and more . 
  they stand for xenophobia , racism and homophobia . 
  these are not `` political beliefs '' that should be tolerated . 
  pis is a divisive party of hatefull primitive people and there is no place for them in a 21th century european politics . 
  how is this post `` shiting on poland '' . 
  it 's a dumb joke . 
  take the stick out your arse and chill . 
  fuck 's sake people , i wish you could see how ridiculous your butthurt is . 
  just before he deletes it . 
  here 's what he wrote : '' you 'd love to see your country burn , filthy traitorous dog . 
  you have some serious issues . '', 
  pis voters in a nutshell, 
  wew , do i really need to mark as jokes comments this silly ? 
  oki , i will, 
  no , it was goethe actually edit for the gentleman bellow : / joke ... 
  makes you think how many other good books , movies or art you have missed just because their authors are n't from english speaking countries . 
  he 's an old demented man . 
  do n't be too harsh, 
   central european :'), 
  i 'll be the last one to call brits racist or anything , but even here on reddit i have seen lot 's of prejudice of british redditors towards poles and poland . 
  that said , poles are even more racist/xenophobic, 
  and not eu , but european commision, 
  as far as i know , german universities shit tons of lawyers without prospects of finding a job in their field same as unis in poland do . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  depends on type of your qualifications . 
  i study law and there is no place for me in the west . 
  and there are pis voters actually defending him . 
  i feel like i live in some kafkaesque dystopia . 
  this bastard was playing with his brother 's coffin for the last 7 years, 
  just privatize it all !, 
  our politicians are n't mature enough to play with these toys, 
  yes , actually many of them do . 
  stanis\u0142aw pi\u0119ta for example and yet pis supporters are getting upvoted here , because hey they hate muslims too !, 
  believe me , i 'm really into this stuff . 
  there is nothing close to polish level of hatred in british politics . 
  they dislike each other , but no one goes with such cheap shots like going after families of opponents or calling them traitors or even stalinist murderers like here . 
  such a cheap remark . 
  does your comments bring `` anything to this discussion '' ? 
  we could have a discussion , if you would address what people say , rather than where or how they say it . 
  maybe you could even learn somethig, 
  https://twitter.com/beatabiel/status/885591571491586052 here , folks from tvp ( public broadcaster controlled by pis ) call supreme courts judges stalinist murderers and no , it 's not satire . 
  the level of propaganda got to a grotesque level . 
  mind you , that 's pis mainstream . 
  while just few comments bellow here  `` the oposition '' in poland is mostly made of convinced cryminals and ex moscow-ass kissing agents yep , polish political discourse is safe and sound . 
  how would you know ? 
  you have some statistics measuring `` justicness '' of our courts ? 
  suddenly every pole is an expert on justice system, 
  oh wow , polish comments in this tread ( and under all treads about poland on this sub actually ) . 
  kinda shows you dear european cousins , what seats in the mind of an average pis voter . 
  traitors , soviet agents , homopropaganda , soros , wyksztalciuchy , conspiracy theories of all kinds . 
  in the west you have opponents , here sides of political dispute are enemies . 
  the hate is unbearable yawn , bring the downvotes and find me my jewish or commie relatives . 
  i could n't care less, 
  with black protest they pulled back from plans to ban abortion completely , so it was n't this, 
  so you 're too good for the eu and yet have complexes towards us and china ? 
  seems to me like most of europeans lack a proper perspective on european integration . 
  one would think it 's a good time to start working together , my british cousin  _ , 
  there are lot 's of pis zealots that have these extreme views . 
  they even have their people in the parliament like pi\u0119ta . 
  what i presented is their mainstream , conservative parties in muslim countries like turkey or tunisia have exactly the same views on lgbt issues as pis https://wiadomosci.wp.pl/atak-polskich-homofobow-na-geja-w-berlinie-dzieki-polonii-udalo-sie-ich-zatrzymac-6116570420725377a polish chavs attack gay people regularly . 
  these are the same dumb twats that want to defende europe from islamization . 
  of all people , you pis supporters are playing the gay card . 
  you folks do n't want to allow gay people to do their taxes together or inherit by law .
