  he said he wo n't be running again, 
  low energy !, 
  sad !, 
  both, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz2z7b-crww here , you 're welcome, 
  i like the ones with memes ... and that 's about it / r/de and / r/polska are great, 
  `` ze f\u00fcnfzig perzent of ze ekonomi ist teologie '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icoo7ut1p4y, 
  you decided on hating europe in 1992, 
  new byzantium , now with 75 % more kebab, 
  what rage ? 
  these are mostly two sentence comments ? 
  stupidity is too often mistaken for trolling . 
  why ? 
  it brings value to your flag , it 's no longer that rag flaping at every porch . 
  also i find this kind of obnoxious patriotism bit cringy and american . 
  amazing how people like op take this retard seriously . 
  it looks like a csrricature of a political cartoon . 
  it 's so damn stupid, 
  does she have to do these things ? 
  surely she would get her loans without bending down for putin this low . 
  i feel like it 's more about conviction than some strategy . 
  i like the face of the british guy . 
  a friendly face . 
  a goofy one too . 
  if brexit wo n't work out , he could become a splendid mall santa . 
  i want one : /, 
  that 's an idiotic comparison . 
  one is a right the other is a mean of racial segregation . 
  if you really have to correct people on usage of english language , try advising better sentence structures rather than this . 
  everyone knows the difference between you 're and your . 
  it 's just a silly typo . 
  did n't seem that much homophobic to me . 
  it would be nice to marry a man i love in the future ( obviously i have to point out my gayness while discussing gay marriage lol ) , but it 's hardly such an important issue as you 're making it here to be . 
  not that it 's exclusively your thing . 
  they have civil partnerships in germany already , introducing gay marriage would be mostly symbolic . 
  they rarely are shitty these days . 
  the last playboyish monarch died a long time ago . 
  modern kings and queens begin their regin while being 40 or 50 years old , they are mature , well educated and experienced by this time . 
  president is just another divisive politician , while monarch serves as a living symbol for his nation . 
  you guys get angry when folks see romania as an ex-communist homeland of gypsies , while having such a wonderful tool for improving your image just under your very noses . 
  shame romania does n't have a monarch anymore . 
  king would grately improve romania 's image abroad . 
  shush , everybody knows that . 
  just pretend to like it like the rest of us do and enjoy the political drama and the funny bits, 
  gah , through i.a. 
  poland , that 's the damn thing . 
  thanks to merkel 's backstabbing , putin can cut off baltics and poland without an average ignorant german like you even noticing . 
  edit : there should be a common eu energy policy . 
  commision should buy our gas , it seems like our governments are n't mature enough to do this on their own . 
  and rightfully so . 
  he might be a moron , but nord stream is a dick move against european solidarity . 
  germans are giving putin tools for blackmailing eastern eu states . 
   reads the title  looks confused  checks source  giggles why is it allways the telegraph ? 
  gib manpower back plox, 
  in uk and usa as well . 
  people should really take a look at them , before spreading this dumb claim of inaccurate polls further, 
  immigrants in general , there 's no say about muslim immigrants in europe . 
  you 're manipulating and you should know that, 
  they got 6,2 % in one of western lands , while polling around 8 % nationally . 
  i do n't think there was too much for cdu to grab here . 
  afd just sucks this bigly, 
  what happened in ze keller , stays in ze keller, 
   turkey 's much more western https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/04/body-missing-gay-syrian-refugee-muhammed-wisam-sankari-found-beheaded-istanbul http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/father-sells-12-year-old-daughter-in-southern-turkey-report.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=12773&amp;newscatid=341 v __ v if turkey is the more western one , then borat was right about kazachstan, 
  [ guys ... ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/013/604/thisisbait.png ) even americans are n't this stupid . 
  right in the feels , mate ; _ ;, 
  i was just wondering , what 's that europe they are talking about over here . 
  because it 's caligula we are talking about here ? 
  it was a joke , man . 
  no matter what you say even slightly related to history there will be a redditor desperately trying to correct you . 
  y-yeah ? 
  / s on the picture above , yes . 
  caligula 's name was germanicus , that 's the joke . 
  he would be displeased with a germanic for sure https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caligula, 
  \\ o / praise god emperor, 
  still wo n't make them white, 
  ukraine has the most fertile lands in europe , huge and well urbanized population , lots of natural resources , acces to a sea and yet still they are poor as fuck . 
  25 years they were doing economically better than poland , poland grow and they stagnated . 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  i was wondering how many people more will ignore existence of / r/askeurope and target us with another notoriously asked silly question, 
  i love how committed to the art of trolling you are . 
  thank you for your service , patriot, 
  if you had read my commet to the end you would know, 
  the need for limiting immigration from within the union is stupid on it 's own , it 's rather silly to reject shots of free manpower . 
  but what i meant is , that this is a small thing to get for such a big price . 
  european project was worked on for decades and is much more complicated than average voter thinks , it should n't be abbandoned , because your plumber speaks polish at home . 
  matters like this should be worked on internally soemhow . 
  i dunno how , but there should be some resonable way out that does n't lead to burning all of the bridges . 
  somehow things should have been woreked out without all of this drama . 
  it all seem so petty . 
  put these maps in one post , op, 
  well , i do n't know if what you say about german education is true , since i have never studied there . 
  but i do know that higer educated people in poland are the more progresive and open ones as it is in the west and our universties do n't have any `` intersectionality and privilege bullshit '' . 
  so your theory does n't exactly hold up . 
  first of all i think you have never been to a university . 
  secondly , do you really think that works ? 
  that people will change their political beliefes because of a lecture at uni ? 
  most of these occasional classes are n't even listened to , let alone taken to heart . 
  classes on white privilege , really ? 
  i had a course on savoir-vivre and nobody showed up , i can only imagine how many people would listen to this bullshit if it was actually a thing,
