  nobody gives a fuck about where you 're parents are coming from . 
  go back to / r/canada, 
  but of course haha . 
  no german would say something this dumb and nationalistic , it 's always `` 1/32 germans '' being german when they can be edgy and cool about it, 
  let me guess , you 're american ? 
  i sense a joke but i ca n't see one -_-, 
  in other news : `` petersbourg 's politicians have even smaller dicks than david '', 
  it 's better to not take a decission rather than to take a wrong one . 
  do n't hate on people who know that they do n't know . 
  nah , it was studio yayo . 
  i know this laughter too damn well, 
  shias make up 25 % of muslims ? 
  how 's that possible ? 
  pakistan , bangladesh , indonesia and egypt are all sunni . 
  edit : yup , my gut was right . 
  wikipedia says shias are only 10-13 % . 
  still more than i expected though, 
  he 's adorable . 
  cuddly little wannabe dictator :3, 
  what was the last time it was n't ? 
  he just joined general media scream mongering . 
  truth is , since madrid attacks , just few hundreds people died of the hands of terrorists . 
  but hey , who cares about statistics when we can make a 24h broadcast on `` carmagedon '' in niece, 
  you kinda missed my point, 
  how would you know ? 
  okay now , defending borders and limiting immigration is one thing , but this is some hateful shit, 
  of course , but i was aiming for a joke here, 
  3 ... 2 ... 1 ... `` local news '' - removed, 
  serbian flair is between scottish and slovakian , get yourselfe one, 
  no , it 's not . 
  do you really belive , that there is no inside source of youth radicalization in germnay ? 
  listen to muslim rappers in germany , see what muslim youth think of jews or lgbt folks . 
  hatefull ideology is everywhere . 
  there is a difference between `` planning '' an attack and `` encouraging '' one . 
  isis surelly did n't plan recent attacks . 
  church and pis party . 
  the main ideology of these fuckers is catholicism, 
  because francis is so progressive ? 
  what progressive has he actually done so far ? 
  fun fact : brother of this jaros\u0142aw kurski guy is a director of state owned tvp , main propaganda tool of pis . 
  i wonder if they discuss politics on christmas . 
  safe word : article 50, 
  i have noticed that lots of brits have that twisted idea , that because they are ignorant and arrogant , we all have to be as well, 
  and half of them halal, 
  beautiful wall of text only proving my point . 
  i 'll say once more , juncker is a heat of government , he was a candidate of epp for a president , similarly as cameron was a candidate of conservatives for pm . 
  because i ca n't see who i 'm speaking with ? 
  what % of your nation voted for current pm ? 
  juncker is a head of eu government . 
  role of collective head of state is played by european council . 
  get a flair , buddy, 
  it kinda does but media do n't give a crap, 
  if i could get a coin every time i spot a brexiteer who does n't get this crucial difference . 
  for most of them eu regulations are devil made evil regulating length of bananas and cucumbers, 
  please , do tell more about populistic politicians attacking union on platform based on ignorance and nationalism of lower classes !, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm not sure you noticed , but we are already united on multiple fields for over half a century, 
  sublime porte, 
  our minister of defence is mental challenged catholic mujahedin , so something like that is likely to happen . 
  * looking at england with disappointment *, 
  you do n't have to explain people here what council of europe is, 
  and make a new one , president_trump_stumps_all, 
  us navy is a force for good ? 
  that 's highly ...  executivemonkey oh, 
  like the guy from nice ? 
  well , yeah . 
  that 's my point, 
  `` places americans may not know about '' i cri evrytim, 
  what a bullshit fucking article . 
  not a single quote from trump init , he did n't said anything even close to what title suggests . 
  i love germans and germany , but when i hear nazi appologizing , even the mildest , comming from them , there is some little vein that bursts in me . 
  give these questions numbers op edit : well done , my job here is done, 
  it does n't work that way . 
  opposition is fragmented and there is a super duper high 10 % threshold, 
  that 's not enough, 
  watch and learn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq-vmzcja3y ), 
  and quite constantly reposted . 
  i made bigger effort writing this comment than op checking previous simmilar posts, 
  so our youngsters have hard on for japanese culture , while their elderly are europhils ? 
  what 's dangerous about it ? 
  i know of her only thanks to lost . 
  `` who 's that ? '', 
  `` that 's nadia komaneci , the greatest gymnast to ever live '', 
  who cares ? 
  no one here , that 's for sure . 
  know the grace of kanzelerin , peasants, 
  now you are playing stupid . 
  ukipers are racist , xenophobic or whatever fancy word you 'll find , predominatelly towards easter europeans and muslims . 
  i 'm sure after hour of furious googling you 'll find few poles and pakistanis in ukip 's ranks but that really does n't change the thone of their general rethoric . 
  are you saying he said someting openly racist or you 're going with `` i have a black friend , so i ca n't be racist '' logic ? 
  i do n't know the guy, 
  i mean , what kind of people join ukip anyway ? 
  closet racists and people that did n't like it with tories ? 
  ca n't expect much from them, 
  is your `` s '' sieg heiling ? 
  just think what could have happened , if we did n't stop that coup !, 
  1000 people in a city of 15 milion ? 
  that 's not too much, 
  yeah , that 's better, 
  stupid semantics .
