  that supposed to be satire ? 
  how about no ? 
  brilliant x ), 
  like 50 of them ? 
  you took a milion economic immigrants from 3rd world in a year , i feel like this is a group you should be worried about . 
  `` multicultural capital of poland '' ugh , ever since toby , the black guy , moved there from warsaw , they think they 're so western and all . 
  give him back , pricks !, 
  come on now ... 
  the eu is a liberal force pushing forward social progress in poland more than anything else, 
  we never criminalized it, 
  i think not !, 
  knowing that farage have a german wife as did hitler , analogy between these two is fitting . 
  by that time imams in mecca will discuss if god is real like dutch priests now and all abrahamic religions will be similar to today 's historic recreation groups , they will pretend to care just for fun . 
  i ... he just said that lgbt people should be treated better and protected by law as every ordinary citizen is . 
  that 's what is considered pro-lgbt in turkey ? 
  hmm , i guess they sound silly to us just because of shared vocabulary that often bear different meaning, 
  they did n't say how big this luxembourg is, 
  does chech/slovak/polish seem funny or silly to you ? 
  do they seem any different ? 
  we have already seen this poll at least twice here . 
  i would trust the more reliable known polling agencies, 
  you are aware that iceland 's gdp growth is bellow 0 right ? 
  and even if it was a golden economy , claiming it 's because they 're in eea and not eu is mildly speaking fucking stupid . 
  you really belive that they have lover unemployment and higher ppp and gdp growth thanks to not being in the eu but in the eea instead ? 
  really ? 
  take a moment to think about it . 
  love how they had to make a quick lecture on basic geography before getting to the proper material . 
  and why he had to speak so slowly ? 
  are viewers of this network all five year olds ? 
   china and serbia are both peace loving nations . 
  ok , this is getting surreal, 
  why not ? 
  system changes every few years , nobody can know . 
  it 's possible that next president of commission will be elected directly by the people , if so he does n't have a chance for reelection, 
  what now ? 
  i think you two are confusing two separate institutions . 
  meps are elected directly in european elections . 
  than god armenians are fighting back . 
  they should never give up on karabach . 
  azeris are mad nationalists , nothing good will come of their rule over ethnic armenians there . 
  if azeris really were the good guys here , they would give people in karabach a fair referendum to chose country they want to live in . 
  maybe they cooperated ? 
  naked muscular oiled men wrestling live on telly ? 
  acting european , as is tradition, 
  mrrr , want to be kissed by this orange stalion too ? 
  what 's homosexual about kissing a man ? 
  everything is fine as long as you say `` no homo '' after . 
  i mean , who have n't blow a friend in a prank , right ? 
  right ? 
  that 's a terrible example . 
  usa has nothing of diversity they are so proud of, 
  kurwa ;( though one does not survive being shot and stabbed multiple times . 
  we all expected this, 
  and there he is , an angry defensive pole to prove / u/real-scot point, 
  and let 's not forgret that she campaigned for remain, 
  he is not even like a 10 anymore, 
  oh pls , it 's changing every week . 
  of course it will affect the polls . 
  we here may have strong opinions but most of people do not . 
  trump 's hands are waaaay too big here, 
  as if all british flair users wo n't be ban immediatelly after brexit , directive 2145bg for you, 
  yeah , let 's pat oursefle on the back and say that there is nothing fundamentally wrong with our economy , it 's all becouse of some unfortunate events . 
  i so hope he wins . 
  this orangutan embodies every american stereotype we have . 
  he is an ultimate mem . 
  oh how i love this deep political analysis of edgy armchair politician . 
  lots of pathos , lots of demagogy , little data and little fact . 
  eu is constantly evolving , this fact alone is proving you wrong . 
  but yeah let 's cover our ears and gather in our happy little circlejerk around angry unfactual demagogues . 
  ohohoh my diaphragm hurts from all of this laughter . 
  there is a sensible discussion supported by statistics every fucking where on this sub but you 're comparing this place to that twat kingdom . 
  na-ah , they should n't . 
  you see . 
  it 's not an argument for a constrictive discussion . 
  germans seem to be annoyed by hitler jokes only around people of different nationalities . 
  on / r/de half of mems is hitler/war flavoured, 
  shame , i hoped it would be in europe, 
  it works better with the bell . 
  `` why are bells so loud ? 
  because they 're empty inside . '', 
  bremeiners should be glad . 
  you wo n't find a better indicator of righteousness of your cause , than it being opposite to agenda of edgy armchair politicians from facebook . 
  they already did that, 
  ... for the republic . 
  juncker does seem to have emperor 's skin care . 
  damn , they were both brilliant . 
  though everyone can see that cameron was far more factual , farage loves his `` ifs '' and silly conspiracy theories, 
  oki doki , but why exactly were they arrested for ? 
  article omits that little fact . 
  were they spreding `` gay propaganda '' by expressing their condolences ? 
  the thing is , european commision is distant because we the people make it so . 
  it 's not juncker 's fault that media do n't put more spotlight on eu affairs . 
  that what bugs me . 
  undecided voters seems to grow in number with losses on remain side , but recently it turned around . 
  i wonder why, 
  that 's what you would like to be true . 
  polls above seem to disagree . 
  well first of all , he ca n't blam his ignorance on the eu . 
  these terrible eurocrats are n't `` faceless '' , he just need to google them , get involved a bit . 
  ignorantia iuris nocet , he should n't expect anyone to explain to him what eu is about and how does it work .
