  arrogant is the word you 're looking . 
  same british arrogance pushed them to vote leve and keep remnants of this archaic measurement system, 
  ** polsha , polen , poland , polska ** kaczy\u0144ski ( chairman of pis ) said something about women having to give birth just to baptize the child . 
  regime media is of course presenting this as taken out of context . 
  this may hints to another coming offensive against the abortion compromise . 
  our catholiban mad fan of conspiracy theories and alleged antysemite minister of defence canceled a deal with airbus acquiring some copters for unknown reason . 
  hollande and juppe said some harsh words over this surprising decision turns out our previous minister of foreign affairs sikorski is a redditor . 
  which one of you is this ? 
  there are quiet a few gay guys here . 
  ca n't scroll the country list on mobile, 
  welp , call us whenever you change your mind, 
  o , o will you ? 
  will you , germoney ? 
  oh i remember this, 
  about which union are you talking about here ? 
  it 's appropriate because it 's / r/europe , but kinda not on point as well -_-, 
  this post feels wrong . 
  king of thailand died and people talk about the queen of uk . 
  look how long her mother lived and how long royals live today in general . 
  she may live till 2030 , mark my words, 
  of course , but that does n't change the british feel of the monarchy . 
  in the minds of people she 's a living symbol of the state . 
  wo n't happen . 
  they should have wait until lizzy dies ... in like 10-20 years . 
  might seem simple , but she 's the thing that directly or indirectly swing lots of scots towards a remain vote, 
  they would n't have absolute majority only if left would got to the sejm, 
  he probably is 1/32 croatian or something, 
  how can one honestly compare these two ? 
  one is your average politician with additional huge experience and personal class , while the other is narcissistic hateful troglodyte . 
  why do people always have to say `` they all are shit '' about politicians no matter the elections . 
  i have yet not seen an election without a lesser evil option . 
  wrong sub - yup dumb question - yup an american - yup this one deserve a downvote, 
  mmm we do have spain , does that cou n't as a mexico ? 
  is there some one that does n't love them ? 
  [ meanwhile in norway . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anar9viggiy ) fuck the right off , mate . 
  maybe learn something about poland before you start making idiotic generalizations like this one, 
   culturally and politically closer love this dumb cover on nationalistic idiocy , so oryginal too, 
  there is also bosnia , croatia and some guests from time to time in the circle of hate, 
  well it would get 5000 thousand points instead of 100 . 
  if i was op i would put `` muslim '' in the title and a disclaimer in the comments . 
  you got ta work for your karma, 
  now imagine all the sweet karma if he only was a muslim :3, 
  he 's from ukip . 
  you never know, 
  why would anyone downvote you poor fella ? 
  how much, 
  if it 's poll by cbos then ignore it . 
  their results changed by 180 degrees after last parliamentary elections . 
  is this something like whatsapp ? 
  exactly !, 
  why wo n't we just give people right to marry whomever they please and get rid of this silly issue from the agenda , right ? 
  right ? 
  ... and that 's the line where the tolerance ends . 
  most of people in this most tolerant country will `` tolerate '' you as long as you stay in the closet . 
  i dunno , lgbt issues are n't that prevalent in our media politicians should n't give interwievs to shitty women magazines and overlly live celebrity lives . 
  politicians should also be inteligent , mr. biedro\u0144 is an irritating dummy . 
  just listen to the guy . 
  belive me , if you were a gay guy you would rather have someone else as the big gay of poland than biedro\u0144 . 
  somone who does n't fit stereotypes this much, 
  there are so many intelligent talented gay activists in poland but they had to make this irritating twat a lgbt fucking spokesman ... fuck that . 
  he 's a shallow celeb not a politician, 
  easy there milosevic, 
  even hm king zygmunt wore black today , 
   ideology : liberalism , social liberalism , pro-europeanis political position : centre from wikipedia . 
  it 's called liberalism . 
  its represented by yours libdems in the uk . 
  article was probably written by an american, 
  why are these obligatory constantinople comments always getting upvoted ? 
  you people never get tired of the same shitty supposedly joke ? 
  come on , it ca n't be that bad . 
  you people complain only because it 's cool to talk shit about this show on reddit, 
  daily dose of macho sarko without disappointment, 
  the best answer to that repeated mem so far, 
  pls only mexican language version allowed https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmyyxqaawew, 
  i will rape kill and eat you !, 
  let 's addopt him , we will name him mantequilla !, 
  like monachium sounds much better than m\u00fcnchen or akwizgran than aachen, 
  10/10 , no survivors , rekt, 
  haha you sir are made this tread, 
  no its not , you 're right . 
  it was light-harted remark , half joke . 
  it 's confusing , since lots of people are n't aware of your `` asian '' being a thing . 
  ech , you ca n't say shit on the internet without half a billion morons getting butthurted and takeing offence . 
  yeah , but most of the time we call `` asian '' folks from far east asia . 
  its british thing only to call people from india `` asian '', 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/hindu '' ( dated ) any native inhabitant of hindustan , especially one of the dravidian or aryan races . '', 
  it 's your own language , buddy, 
  this ^, 
   asians you need to stop calling hindu and pakistani people `` asian '' . 
  it 's really confusing, 
  the best looking royal i can think of, 
  ech , no saxon palace , no bruhl palace , no national philharmony , no kronenberg palace , no so many of 19th cantury tenements and 200 thousands warsawians + all of our jews ... why did we start this war again ? 
  i feel like even back then most of people could n't see any sensible reasons ... 
  ... warsaw was beautiful too once , sniff . 
  now it 's `` efficient '' ;(, 
  so now we do n't even post articles , just pics ? 
  seem reasonable considering that about 5 people here bother to read more than the title, 
  when some tells you that 2 +2 = 4 , you do n't question his statment over his allegedly to low to know that education . 
  it 's a classic argumentum ad personam , focus on what a person says rather than who he is or is n't .
