  it 's the eternal city we 're talking about here :d, 
  ukrainian , it 's like they just have a poor and slightly outdated vocabulary , but there is not much of a difference in pronunciation, 
  rome , munich , vienna or something in benelux, 
  i did and i hated it . 
  their videos are so shallow i get annoyed . 
  no facts just some romanticized meaningless crap . 
  the ones about justinian are decent compared to their series on suleyman though . 
  they also make tons of mistakes : /, 
  i would love to know more about medieval history in general , especially about byzantine empire and middle east of that period . 
  byzantium was so unique polish state moved east , because poland was partitioned between duke 's sons in 12th century and western parts did n't come back when the rest was getting back together . 
  poland later moved further east because it formed a joint federal state with lithuania . 
  after ww2 stalin moved poland back to it 's oryginal place in the west, 
  we could spare you some of ours . 
  our meme market is under heavy inflation, 
  these too : /, 
  catholic mujahideen , militant ultra-conservatism . 
  just leave gays , pot and gay pot alone !, 
  why do people have these urge to tell others how they are supposed to live their lives ? 
  lol nope, 
  it 's an x sign marking tresury of stolen jewish gold, 
  it 's not only german . 
  here morons call their kids george and jessica as well, 
  as it should . 
  this is the one issue that should be debated unlike gay marriage or drug policies . 
  i hate when people support abortion on a notion that they are `` progressive '' therfore it is the right thing to do . 
  it 's a complicated issue and `` conservative '' views here should be respected, 
  there 's an answer to your primary question in your comment . 
  it 's not countries or regions that are racist , but people . 
  mostly ignorant individuals with little to no knowledge of different cultures and religions, 
  towards muslims and arabs ? 
  our chavs hate them . 
  black people get stared at with curiosity a lot . 
  there are n't that many of them here . 
  3 years of learning german online here . 
  nothing makes me happier than getting a silly pun on / r/de . 
  might be because of his similarities to pi\u0142sudski and the fact that half of europe had authoritarian regimes in power back then, 
  augustus ? 
  he was technically a dictator . 
  i know he was a baddy and all , but really , which of his opponents was n't ? 
  he brought peace and prosperity lasting pretty much 200 years . 
  funnily enough here it 's france that has a `` reputation of instability '' and rightfully so looking at statistics . 
  you are far more likely to get murdered , raped or mugged in france than in my country, 
  i feel like kashubian is more difficult to understand , but i have no idea what 's the lexical proximity between these three languages . 
  it 's just my gut feeling, 
  so a `` night of drinking '' or a `` night out '' ? 
  i feel like these are two different things . 
  getting wasted is not my primary goal when going out . 
  one per\u0142a for 8 pln in a club is enough for me . 
   __  generally you would pay about 5-10 pln for a beer in a club or pub, 
  is silesian a language ? 
  if so then yes . 
  the greatest ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  the tallest ? 
  the most googled one ? 
  the most famous one ? 
  i have seen both cockroaches and rats in the wilde for the first time in my life on malta few years ago it was n't much better in italy . 
  the smell of roting garbage , no green plants in sight not even grass , dust in the air , no interest in keeping pedestrians alive from folks driving cars . 
  southern europe in summer is disgusting and the heat is unbearable . 
  i do n't understand why we go there in the summer it should be the other way around . 
  dunno , i do n't think it 's something worth remembering, 
  english and swahili are two very distant languages . 
  sentence in one of them directly translated to the other has to look like gibberish . 
  might be that it does n't seem like gibberish to native swahili speakers and just looked funny to your friend directly translated to english . 
  what for ? 
  they will blame the party in power , that 's why elections of the commision should be direct . 
  what i fear is , that people wo n't bother to learn about the candidates and will just leave the voting for more determined extremists and we will end up with le pen and wilders in place of juncker and timmermans . 
  ... but elections to the ep works somehow so i dunno, 
  your own ? 
  you can control migration policy of your room or flat as you please . 
  it feels too much like an international organization , it 's not democratic enouggh . 
  the european council should be disbanded , executive directly elected and meps have to get the right to propose new laws . 
  more power for the people and less for the goverments . 
  macron is not `` left-wing '' , he repeated that over and over during the campaign . 
  he 's a centrist , a liberal . 
  i do n't think there are many deeply religious politically incorrect morons in american sitcoms, 
  armin meiwes is quite famous too, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2mbvoc/english_proficiency_in_europe_2014_repost_from/?st=j1tehua1&amp;sh=3af375df http://www.ef.pl/epi/ these were the first graphics that poped out when i google english proficiency in europe  that english proficiency is higher in poland than germany i did not say that . 
  do n't strawman me i do n't know why and nor does anyone . 
  the question is too broad . 
  there are various reasons . 
  all i have are statistics and most i see indicate that the level of english proificiency in poland and germnay is nearly the same . 
  dunno about italy and czechia but as far as i know english proficiency in poland and germany is around the same level if not slightly higher in poland . 
  people often make this silly presumption that everything is correlated to money and the wealthier country is the better it is at everything . 
  i took law and sometimes wonder if i should have tried with languages . 
  ah you know , being lonely and miserable as usual, 
  what 's a `` stem '' ? 
  well you were n't really alone last time, 
  i walk around my room talking in my head to imaginary people, 
  i have seen them few times on a train in warsaw . 
  they were loud and looking really damn poor . 
  rotfl what do you guys know about religion in politics ? 
  our major political party is owned by the catholic church , by their most zealous and hateful branches to be exact . 
  they do n't even try to hide it, 
   and polish 10 points to the briliant turkish gentleman !, 
  buy marinated chicken , mexican tortillas and mayonnaise . 
  fry chciken and tortillas on a pan , put some mayo on the warm flatbread and roll chicken in it . 
  bon appetit !, 
  he sings about that `` little cockroach kaczynski '' fucking us like civic platform ( po ) never did . 
  later on , that he will send us all to auschwitz , that he already bought us tickets .
