  god how silly all these governments around the world are, 
  he was stealing from us on mass scale as a prime minister of luxembourg ... but he has some dank dad jokes , so i guess we are even, 
  that is a ~ ~ sexy ~ ~ pretty goat though, 
  you can have one quality . 
  do n't be briliant , handsom and loved by all at once, 
  `` liberation of europe '' `` great emancipation '' `` evil union '' do they copy pasta their speeches from you tube comments of edgy teenagers ? 
  that chemistry between farage and juncker , just kiss already, 
  he 's a shitty mep but still mep, 
  because he still gets paid and it 's his job ? 
  as if any of these countries wants to with exception of uk, 
  that 's the funniest bit . 
   danuta h\u00fcbner oh , i voted for her, 
  why not use this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interlingua i can see that working out, 
  we are all doomed now, 
   proposal, 
  i 'm afraid we may be autistic : i, 
  cyan is a separate color . 
  i 'm talking of light blue in spring sky , we call it `` b\u0142\u0119kitny '' , while dark blue on the map is `` granatowy '' , cyan is `` lazurowy '' or `` seledynowy '' , blue in general is `` niebieski '' it bugs me that there is no distinction between `` b\u0142\u0119kitny '' and `` granatowy '' , you just call both blue, 
  green - ? 
  yellow - ? 
  dark blue ( why there is no english word for that colour ? ), 
  what are these regional parties standing for ? 
  this is so damn machiavelian of snp . 
  if that would be to happened , it not only would keep the country in the eu with maintaining all it 's benefits , but would also widen the divisions between scotland and england , gain a lot of popular support in scotland for sturgeon and alienate the english . 
  it could actually paradoxically lead to scotland 's independence . 
  already posted and heavily upvoted, 
  oh boy oh boy , forget about game of thrones and studio yayo , this is the one i 'll spend my evening watching , 
  i 'm just gon na say , that it 's already decided who 's gon na be cameron 's successor , 
  and all of respect we have left for them with it, 
  valls used all liberal points and now have to play protectionist for a change to get some votes back ? 
  i thought so !, 
  article is bullshitting or i read it wrong, 
  aaaaand their chances sinked . 
  before actual vote will take place , all this outrage on brexit will run out of steam, 
  white stork and of course white tailed eagle, 
  last time they lacked only 5 % ? 
  damn , it may actually work out if they act quickly enough . 
  ooh he 's cute , your average opa . 
  old , balanced and non-divisive , a perfect head of state . 
  just wait for gdp falls of uk and eurozone : , ), 
  come on people , they did n't even pull out yet . 
  it 'll all be back to normal soon , do n't panic ... after the exit on the other hand ... 
  hope everyone knows i 'm joking, 
  you forgot your translation : le, 
  you were n't so sure when diana died, 
  no more words needed ... just tears now ... shh shh, 
  god damn , the stupidity in these comments . 
  tell me about it . 
  i rather like my union too, 
  what a lot of scotsmen seem to miss is the fact that you can stay in both eu and uk , `` reverse greenland '' they call it, 
  i stay sceptical . 
  good luck nonetheless . 
  i 'll support you if had occasion . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  i really do not understand people voting no out of fear in the last minutes . 
  scotland has average uk 's gdp if i remember correctly , big population and can be way more relevant in the world as a sovereign nation . 
  ireland is doing just fine why would n't scotland ? 
  these seasonal voters on wave of rebellion against brexit will be the first to lost their enthusiasm . 
  just wait two months . 
  though i do hope they leave england . 
  poor guy , he 's work will get so boring without nigel : /, 
  come on now . 
  do you really belive they will keep the outrage on referendum till the vote ? 
  also bear in mind that last time lots of people voted differently than they declared in pols . 
  hold your horses , people !, 
  they need at least 10 % lead in pols to succeed , about this much of voters will change their minds just before casting the ballot . 
  all this independence enthusiasm will run out of steam before the vote . 
  i too am sceptical about this referendum , but this article is biased as fuck , i would expect more from bbc . 
  that said this enthusiasm of reddit over concept of scottish independence is so so silly . 
  last time no won by something like 10 % . 
  without scotland and gibraltar but with falling gdp, 
  they will dissolve ukip and not long later uk will join eea , tear of joy will appear under farage '' s eye, 
  because of / r/europe ? 
  damn , we are good !, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  well if farage himself calls 52/48 result an `` unfinished business '' , 
   outside of eu influence  eea should someone tell him ? 
  i do n't speak for 38 milion people , do i ? 
   go back cleaning toilets you made this comment just for this original , hilarious and slightly xenophobic joke , did n't you ? 
  noboday cares really . 
  most of people gives opinions from `` meh , i do n't care '' to `` lols what a bunch of idiots '', 
  you know , he asked for opinion of american people , not your rant, 
  how about you accept that 16-18 yo should have the right to vote on their future ? 
  it 's uk that lost . 
  shut up with this dumb meme already . 
  he was chosen by british government . 
  actually you did n't and that 's the reason why you joined . 
  british economy was shit and growth lowest in g7 , now as a eu member , it 's the biggest in g7 . 
  / s to be honest though , monarchy may rightfully be seen as undemocratic , but it 's overall a better form of government than parliamentary republic , with another unless bureaucrat as a head of state, 
  we 're so screwed , all of us x (, 
  27 , for now still 28, 
  do n't forget that `` trash '' did n't come from eu but mostly from pakistan and other ex british possessions, 
  i ca n't find the article . 
  i read somhere about idea off kinda eea just for uk with few additional opt-outs most notably for movement of people i have no idea . 
  10/10 deal , how can they refuse us ? 
  you did dun goofed , mate . 
  we 're right to be salty . 
  damn , why have no one thought about that before ? 
  it 's so obvious remember these chart explaining concept of europe ? 
  things are gon na get far more complicated .
