some people here thinks writing a comment automatically creates an international law with what they 've written . 
  crazy that they even get upvotes for stating things said 1000 times for months and who shows the reality gets downvotes . 
   you people since you consider yourself extremely diligent and respectful of laws and customs , avoid directing your anger towards `` us people '' who do n't have any choice or voice heard in this kind of matters . 
  thank you . 
  it 's only a tourist trap imho . 
  there are more restaurants and gift shops than real attractions inside . 
  cyclists on the freeway ? 
  we usually have a very polite `` get off the f ** king road '' approach . 
  but also , the few cyclists that you see around have no clue of any rule of the road . 
  they made ~ 500 meters bike lanes in a small town on the coast where my family and i go on holiday . 
  the amount of people riding their bikes on the wrong way `` because so they see if a car is going to hit them '' , all the people jogging on it , moms walking on them with their strollers because the sidewalk `` is too bumpy or crowded '' ... it 's completely retarded . 
  last day of holiday i almost hit a woman because she was riding through an intersection where traffic is supposed to stop and yield , and she did n't . 
  there is a stop sign , you stop and check if anyone is coming , then join the road , like any other intersection . 
  i had nothing , i was on the main road . 
  she yelled at me that i had to yield to her , `` because she is a pedestrian , not a car '' . 
  i 'm not sure italians understand how to ride a bike on public roads . 
  i live in dublin . 
  good ol' dublin bus drivers . 
  but in general dublin is pretty bike friendly , if you take out these exceptional morons . 
  a photo gallery of the sickening event is available on this newspaper ( italian ) http://www.ilfattoquotidiano.it/2015/08/20/vittorio-casamonica-cavalli-e-rolls-royce-per-il-boss-re-di-roma/1971020/, 
  i 'm catholic and i ca n't live in the vatican city, 
  i doubt a vatican city resident will ever be on reddit . 
  please elaborate, 
  ah if they think that 'll stop russia from taking what 's rightfully theirs . . 
  i mean , looking at that picture , bulgaria is pretty much a neighbourhood of moscow . 
  bulgaria is gon na have a bad , bad time, 
  lucky ? 
  adding another coin to the madness that 's already been done sounds absolutely crazy, 
  clearly , every place there is a russian community is russia . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  i wonder if eu should stop issuing visas to them if that 's the best their brain can think of . 
  picture me surprised, 
  oh geez do n't cry ^ btw ^ euro ^ never ^ killed ^ anyone, 
   house them until you have the same amount of people per capita and then let them travel again . 
  i love reddit simplicity and approximation, 
  i do n't get why you got downvoted . 
  it 's quite well known that in italy they took decisions about some national issues in a terrible way . 
  it 's pretty easy to say `` the people do n't want gmo '' after you brainwashed them that anything scientific applied to food is bad . 
  unfortunately most decisions are not taken for the greater good of the nation , but they are only driven by which way will get you more votes on the next political elections . 
  ( see also the italian referendum on nuclear power ) the widespread ignorance also takes a big part in this . 
  too bad for them . 
  they 'll probably complain next year when most olive oil on their tables do n't come from italy . 
  in italy we use that too, 
  your friend is not a nice person at all ( and is also very wrong , too ) . 
  yeah i understand what you ( and they ) mean . 
  but i like that life , there are still services around , events etc. . . while being in the nature , in relatively small but organized cities . 
  the east coast would remind me of italy : overcrowded , polluted and such i think , but it 's only a matter of time before i can actually visit it !, 
  also i 'd like to see the west . 
  ps : from detroit i went to windsor and adventured a bit around ontario too . 
  i also drove to the niagara falls , canadian side , then went back to detroit . 
  very nice trip !, 
  us , at least the midwest . 
  i had a few trips to the detroit metro area , then a road trip on my own through michigan , illinois , indiana , kentucky , missouri and kansas . 
  a lot of nature , especially in michigan . 
  cities with great urban planning and parks . 
  yeah it was also the first time i saw people as big as whales , especially in downtown detroit , but there 's plenty of fit people too . 
  went to a shooting range multiple times , in a walmart at midnight , slept in a motel on the side of a freeway in kentucky , i 've never gotten shot , so that 's a nice pro . 
  i guess we have hundreds of them, 
  unfortunately i 've never been to one of them , you do n't have chance to try more than two or three of them each night because once you 've eaten in one you 're pretty much done . 
  i 've tried ireland , france and uk , next year ( oh gosh i have to wait one year :-( ) i 'll definitely check bulgaria out !, 
  think at the possibilities you 'll have if uk would participate a little more in the eu instead of being all grumpy :-p ( jk of course ), 
  agreed , but do n't expect anything too weird from the german cuisine , just the most popular ( and eatable ) things . 
  we have to screw up somewhere :-d i guess a `` bland '' white color on top did n't sound too right to the guy putting the flag up there and decided that red was the best one to be on top, 
  i know , i 've never meant that , no need to get picky, 
  op would n't know a thing of portuguese food , just waiting for your reply :-p that 's nice to hear !, 
  in italy europe is pretty popular , now i moved to ireland and you rarely see the european flag around , even though a lot of useful things in dublin were financed with european funds . 
  i think most people attending the event are locals , but in my terms this means people in a range of 30km from that city goes there . 
  there is n't much around so we 're used to drive to the closest bigger city for anything . 
  about the food , i 'm sure there are some differences with the real one from that country , but let 's say we try our best :-p, 
  marche has everything , mountains , hills ( kind of like in tuscany , not the same , still prettier than most places though ) , great beaches , and tons of medieval towns and cities . 
  my family runs a business in that province and we often have to deal with people from uk , who usually buys houses in the countryside to renovate them and spend their retirement there . 
  in summer we receive people mostly from germany and the netherlands . 
  really ? 
  anyway , the region is marche , the province is to the south of it . 
  agreed , visited my fair share of the us , especially the midwest , and i have n't seen it as much as here . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvotes , it 's pretty much well-known that in a lot of european countries people are heavy smokers and do n't even think it 's a bad thing . 
  center italy , kind of south . 
  it 's more common at night though . 
  during the day law is a bit better enforced and also there are more people who might at least look at you wrong for doing it . 
  sounds like italy :-(, 
  thanks for the wiki article . 
  i 'm from italy and live in dublin , and i was wondering why i could n't see people smoking , even outdoors . 
  21 % looks like a very low percentage !, 
  sadly , back home you ca n't get in a bar , club , or some friends ' house without coming out of it smelling like a dump . 
  we have the same smoking ban . 
  smoking is very very popular in italy , and people still smoke indoor too despite the laws . 
  most clubs and bars allow you to smoke inside because they treat the main room as a `` smoking area '' while keeping some other side areas smoke-free to get around the law . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  here in ireland instead i do n't even see people smoking outdoor , it seems quite rare . 
  safe roads and decent urban planning . 
  when i traveled to france , germany , and eventually ended up living in ireland in 2014 . 
  i 've never felt and i was never treated as a `` foreigner '' . 
  you can study , work and live in so many interesting places without worrying too much about being seen negatively as an immigrant . 
  cultures are not so radically different between eu countries ( at least in the west , where i 've been ) , adapting is pretty easy , and the few differences someone might have are seen as a plus from the locals , like an interesting feature of you that you can share . 
  i 'm wondering if there are other cities that do this kind of thing , i 'm not even sure if other italian cities do this . 
  every year during the closest weekend to europe day , the city organizes an event where the local bars , pubs and restaurants represent a european country . 
  they are called `` aperitivi europei '' , basically you can have that italian-style quick snack before dinner , usually enjoyed outside , with a touch of a european country of your choice in it . 
  some pictures in this newspaper : http://www.cronachemaceratesi.it/2015/05/06/expo-macerata-con-gli-aperitivi-europei/653675/ every bar is decorated with flags and symbols of the country they chose to represent , this year ** 66 businesses ** joined the event !, 
  we are not open to foreign food at all , and being a small city in the center/south of the country we do n't even have foreign restaurants ( only a few chinese ones ) , but this yearly event let people taste something different and interesting , while helping them discover the different cultures that enrich europe . 
  unfortunately this year i 'm abroad and i 'll be missing it , but i wanted to share with you guys this event just to see how common it is .
