  that 's how bad these people are . 
  but in this case it 's more individuals making problems than there are who are n't . 
  of course people with guns are more dangerous . 
  difference is if you give ghetto blacks free education , a free home , job offers and medical care , they will likely accept it and try to make something of their lives . 
  criminal blacks are most likely criminal because of poverty . 
  if you try fix the poverty , criminality will derease . 
  with roma ? 
  not so much . 
  they do n't want to be part of ` society ' . 
  they just want to be lawless . 
  i again urge you to read some of the stories on the internet of what roma people exactly tend to do . 
  and of people and governments which tried to help them , but to no avail . 
  `` muslim youths '' some people in europe like to complain about ? 
  * nothing * compared to roma . 
   i know the exact situation ehh it does n't sound like you do . 
  the roma are quite something . . special . 
  there have been cases where they have been given houses , free education , job offers etc. 
  ( you can read some of the stories from different countries if you just search ` gypsy ' or ` roma ' on reddit ) where in a couple of week everything is destroyed , plundered or stolen . 
  and the thing is , most of the stories are true . 
  obviously not every gypsy or roma is evil like this , but it 's the group that is which causes the stigma and disadvantages the other . 
  but no in these cases you wo n't be able to say ` innocent until proven otherwise ' ... unless you want to risk your valuables being stolen . 
  you 're welcome to come here and provide them with humanitary aid . 
  just do n't be surprised if you 're being taken advantage of and spit out if there 's nothing they can take from you anymore . 
  i highly suggest you do some reasearch on roma , with a wide array of sources . 
  ca n't they . . skip the stops near the roma camp ? 
  or are they not that concentrated ? 
  ehmm , last time i checked the people of the bes-islands ( bonaire , st. eustatius , saba ) can in fact vote for the european elections , as well as national dutch elections of course , as they are considered ` special municipalities ' . 
  so they 're part of the netherlands proper , but are considered overseas territory ( legal status ) when it comes to the eu . 
  sint-maarten is a seperate country , like aruba and cura\u00e7ao are . 
  reality is though : on none of the islands ( 3 being part of the netherlands proper , 3 being their seperate countries ) dutch is the main language . 
  sure , on three of the southernmost islands most people are able to speak dutch , dutch people go there on vacation and we have lots of those islanders living here , but most of them speak a different language at home . 
  the islands also have a different culture ( caribbean/latin-ish ) . 
  on the upper three islands there are barely any dutch tourists , the islanders do n't understand dutch but speak english instead and culturally they seem way more distant than the southern islands . 
  i bet most dutch people do n't even know the northern islands ' names , nor that they are part of the kingdom . 
  and none of the islands use the euro . 
  most of the policies are n't in full force yet because the bike parking areas have n't all been finished yet and there 's a shortage of them . 
  the only big city ( out of the top 5 ) where they can enforce it now is rotterdam station square . 
  once utrecht opens its mega bike parking around 2018 you can be sure the policy will be enforced around the station there too . 
  we sunk flevoland . 
  loved it instantly . 
  remember denmark looks way better than we do on this map because it has 3x less population . 
  plus we do n't want to put the wind turbines everywhere . 
  i think we 'd fare better if this would be windturbine/km ^ 2, 
  wow . 
  first time i 've seen my name being mentioned , ever , in some other country . 
  we now have commercials for banknotes ? 
  ok then . 
  sure , but is n't scotland too already ? 
  when talking in media here about the uk 80 % of the time it 's about england alone . 
  ` england ' even is a pars-pro-toto for the uk . 
  when people think of the uk they think of england and london first . 
  ok honestly , that looks fucking creepy . 
  well , neither . 
  but it 's not about what i think personally , it 's about what i think is the general consensus of the uninformed uninterested people here . 
  the general perception so to say . 
  of course it 's all rapidly changing with the european union and since there 's no more iron curtain . 
  now people can ( and do ) actually go visit and find out for themselves . 
  before my visit ( i was only a young child do n't blame me ! ), 
  i had no idea that hungary basically looks like austria with less mountains . 
  i do n't think i had ever seen anything cool on tv about ` eastern europe ' . 
  maybe that 's because we 're not interested , because it 's too far away , or maybe there 's just not a lot of exportable media stuff from there so we do n't get to see anything . 
  it mainly has to do with environment and diet though . 
  well it 's not the sole reason but it sort of has to to with ` you ' all being slavs . 
  we tend ( ed ) to see you all as sort of similar to each other . 
  those people ` whose language sounds like russian ' and ` whose culture was/is very similar to russian ' ( at least comparatively ) . 
  so that makes it easier to group you guys together and make it an us vs. 
  them . 
  i think the term eastern european has become a synonym for slavic . 
  with the exception being poland but i do n't know why . 
  maybe it 's considered to be too far up north lol . 
  fearrrrrrr us , putin !, 
  fearrrrrrr us , whore !, 
  do n't know about the newspapers , but the tv news does n't seem too heavily anti-russia . 
  of course they have a pro-western bias , and they do flat out denigrate russian actions like the safety inspection closing down mcdonald 's in moscow and banning eu produce . 
  which is understandable imo . 
  but they do often tell both sides ' opinion and stuff . 
  internet sites are an anti-russian circle jerk however . 
  the king does n't give his own opinion and does n't have absolute power . 
  once a year he states the changes made on the budget and some words on society on behalf of parliament . 
  it 's not on hsl-zuid honey . 
  holy shit . 
  it 's teletubbies 2.0, 
  must be ( dutch ) zuid-limburg . 
  well you did include tenerife . 
  could you please change the dutch picture ? 
  [ this one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/ac_vaalserberg.jpg ) is much better . 
   does n't look at all different the rest of they city oh you tourist you, 
  in the episode of the ` uk border control ' show i saw yesterday one of the immigrants that was caught in a lorry at the border inspection said his reason for coming from afghanistan is to study and then get a job . 
  they did n't want to stay in france as they would n't be allowed to stay anywhere in france and they did n't like france . 
  this is was our [ tweede kamer ] ( http://images.memorix.nl/hga/thumb/660x660/182aa6fd-c4d1-d515-da21-e6cd7639f9d5.jpg ) before 1991 . 
  yeah let 's all downvote this guy for stating his opinion that 's quite relevant to the topic . 
  great job guys . 
  ooh the land looks so flat !, 
  made me feel home !, 
  less russian tourists in eu countries ? 
  and lot 's of those are * so * french . 
  and by that i mean they have really weird funky designs or ridiculous announcements . 
  i mean can you imagine having to [ hear the announcer sing ] ( http://youtu.be/o-udi4ncjis?t=1m23s ) every time you pass a station ? 
  usually finland always tops the good lists . 
  suck it finland !,
