  same , [ dunglish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunglish ) . 
   apple puree ew you made it sound disgusting . 
  call it compote de pommes , sounds way fancier . 
  republiek amsterdam confirmed . 
   otherwise the fence is of the damm hmhm . 
  are you kidding . 
  we 'll just build another neighbourhood . 
  i have n't been thaught anything about the eu in school other than why it was founded . 
  says the usaian . 
  when people identify as a group shit can get done quicker . 
  some country-to-country competition also can ensure higher goals being set . 
  slight patriotism is n't a bad thing , serious nationalism is . 
  ( `` i want out of the eu because i 'm a proud briton . '', 
  like what ? 
  that does n't even make any sense . ), 
  yeah probably . 
  but can we really compare * nations * with * cultures * to a. . well . . fabricated title ( eu ) that does n't really have any unique features of its own that say australia , canada or zwitserland do n't have ? 
  or would we project the national cultures onto the ` federal pride ' ? 
  so we 'd have `` even more stuff to be proud of '' ? 
  idk, 
  since when is providing clear information the same as full blown nationalism . 
  calm down dude . 
  the only people i 've ever seen enthused about it are on this subreddit . 
  they 're so convinced everybody else wants it too . 
  that 's not the problem per se , it 's more that half of the interview was a guy with a french accent ( he lives in zwitserland i believe ) speaking flemish dutch . 
  was n't too much removed from standard dutch , but might not have been the right example to use for such a video . 
  you can have any opinion you want , but do n't lie to us . 
  being treated different ( by the police ) because you fit to a certain race/gender/religion is pretty much the definition of discrimination . 
  you could argue that you 're ok with that , but do n't deny simple facts . 
   in accordance with the law you mean this law ? 
   *** constitution of the netherlands - article 1 *** * all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race or sex or on any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted . 
  wow , a cartoon does n't make 100 % sense ? 
  * weird * . 
  do n't particularly agree , but you got ta admit it 's funny and well exectued . 
  it is privatised but state-owned . 
  ah , tyne and wear metro . 
  interesting . 
   it is operated by db regio tyne & wear limited , a subsidiary of of arriva uk trains under contract to nexus db regio ( de ) owned by arriva uk ( gb ) owned by deutsche bahn ( de ) . 
  viva europa . 
   that no one uses * cough * london * cough *, 
  we 'll rip out the rails and confiscate their trains . 
  deutsche bahn does n't run anything . 
  arriva does , and they 're technically british . 
  and arriva does fine in several places in nl where they have both trains and buses . 
  it 's almost as if you ca n't blame it on the nationality but on local circumstances . 
  weird . 
  arriva is owned by deutsche bahn ( de ) veolia transdev is french abellio is owned by nederlande spoorwegen ( nl ), 
  he is not saying that though , is he ? 
  he 's saying that we own our wealth thanks to previous conquest , battles and exploitation in our favor from when nationalism was at an all time high . 
  just acknowledging that fact does n't make you pro-nationalism in current day europe . 
  oh shit , it was our fault all along . 
  considering that we 're the vast majority using your roads that 's quite rude of us . 
  thanks for never using our roads , ever . 
  ^ / s and lobbying to not construct things ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  you can write out a construction tender with demands you know . 
  if no german company is willing to fulfill reasonable tender demands foreign companies can jump in . 
  that 's why there 's this free market and eu thing going on . 
  a toll for foreigners while germans would pay less through tax incentives . 
  how weird that there was so much uproar about that ... 
  i honestly do n't get why you are choosing the easy way out and blaming the foreigners for your infrastructure troubles . 
  hint : it 's not only in the border regions this is going on . 
  you do n't hear us yapping about all the germans that cross our country to get to our coastal areas and are using our roads . 
  we just fix them if we need to . 
  if you did n't know what 's going on in germany it might come as quite a shock . 
  it 's not just railroads , it 's also the autobahns . 
  there are so many cases of bridges that need renovation or urgent repairs but it does n't receive enough funding . 
  that 's the case for most new road projects . 
  where in the netherlands we can fix something with government funding in place , in germany they start construction without having all the funding in place . 
  so you start something without knowing you can finish it . 
  construction zones that last 2-3 years in the netherlands can last 6 years in germany too . 
  it 's quite astonishing , when you consider that germany 's the `` motor of europe '' and has been doing so well economically the past decade . 
  but klm is doing better financially and has made more reforms , which the french are n't willing to do . 
  this situation of klm doing better than air france and air france seemingly not doing enough to reform has been going on for a while now . 
  it 's not just the strikes , it 's also [ air france-klm wanting to shift flights from amsterdam to paris ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/06/dutch-finance-minister-wants-talks-on-air-france-klm-jobs-claim/ ) to secure more french jobs . 
  klm flights would be be moved to paris and flown by french pilots and of course there would be lots of french airport staff profiting from more work . 
  [ we did have people on them . 
  it pretty . 
  thanks y' all i love me some v\u00e4lfard . 
  estonia is on point with their design though . 
  [ look at it ] ( https://m1.behance.net/rendition/modules/53538947/disp/1887e3c7367207dc596bef39e7e00c8b.jpg ) . 
  they 'll be smooth and * even cleaner * . 
  there 's always some grain of truth to these articles , but ultimately the wording and how the article is written determines what kind of article ( objective/factual/pushing agenda/etc . ), 
  it 's going to be . 
  i only believe the switzerland model works because switzerland is relatively small and does n't have that many subdivisions . 
  the bigger the country and voting area , the less accountability the elected officials have . 
  you see it time and time again . 
  the anti-russian sentiment here was at an all-time ( well , since like the previous invasions ) low until the gay stuff and ukraine stuff started happening . 
  just wondering how credible we should take this uatoday ? 
  sounds like the counterpart of rt. 
   remain relevant who the fuck cares . 
  as long as you 're not in poverty and are able to live a fulfilling prosperous life , all is well . 
   its best interest who decides that ? 
  you ? 
  it 's obviously very subjective . 
  if the end goal in life was economic prosperity , i imagine everybody would be for it . 
  however , the end-goal in life is hapiness , and history has given us differences ( language , culture , sovereignty ) that we 're not happy to give up . 
   how many history lessons do we need before we realise that this is not working . 
  oh right .
