3 we 're not belgium . 
  have you seen their spatial planning ? 
  you just answered your own question ; no one died . 
  in before ` it 's not really an aqueduct ' . 
  yeah we know . 
  we just call it that way hush . 
  how cute . 
  only city mentioned in our constitution is amsterdam , because it says it 's the capital city . 
  sure sometimes , but lots of times they find a way around it . 
  there are so many loopholes . 
  there are no laws against parents and children just ` hanging around ' ( stealing ) on the street for example . 
  even though in northwestern europe we have laws banning begging and children have to go to school at least until the age of 15 . 
  so the begging is no problem here , but it 's worse in spain , france and italy . 
  you should look up some anecdotes online of what kind of tricks and scams they pull on people . 
  let 's leave it at that . 
  no you ca n't ride your bike on the highway . 
  we have bike paths . 
  also : `` bikers do n't signal where they 're going '' . 
  yes you have to check in * and * out why is eveything in amsterdam so * touristy * ?!, 
  you 're in the touristy part . 
  not everyone likes weed . 
  crazy i know . 
  kissing three times in friendly encounters . 
  males/formal setting : handshake . 
  so your country is not called holland ? 
  but the hague is the capital right ? 
  and you 're not danish ? 
  why the king is throwing toilet bowls around . 
  north holland -  haarlem , 
   in most cases ( perhaps i should n't have said `` every '' ) , probably , if such gifts are given by the class which they perceive to be oppressing them , and for what they may perceive to be ulterior motives . 
  they feel opressed by the government ? 
  oh do n't we all now   i seriously do n't understand why sufficiently strong enforcement + punishment are not fully implemented . 
  i know it does n't fully tackle root causes , but proximate public safety is important . 
  they ` raise ' children to steal and beg . 
  it 's their source of income . 
  so that what makes it hard to police . 
  you ca n't detain children for theft too long , and punishments are n't very high . 
  raising the punishment is not an option considering we also have civilized people living in our countries . 
  we have roma criminals because we are so mean to them . 
  okay got it . 
   i do n't think you europeans ( #notalleuropeans ) understand how na\u00efve you sound when you make posts like this . 
  trust me i know i come across as `` one of those nazi facist right wing conservative anti-left-wing-people anti-equality guys '' . 
  but i 'm really not . 
  i 'm just an average guy who happends to like civility . 
   they 're especially bad !, 
  they commit real crimes !, 
  they do n't even want our social services !, 
  they 're so ungrateful ! '', 
  yes . 
  like every other underclass on the fucking planet . 
  every other underclass would be ungrateful when you give them free houses and services to improve their situation ? 
  really ? 
   that 's why if they commit crimes , you put them in prison . 
  oh shit , you 've solved this whole problem . 
  why did n't we think of that earlier . 
  thanks so much for this great idea . 
   or any other latently fascist policy brewing in your subconscious minds . 
  i 'm so facist . 
  it 's in season this year have n't you heard . 
  ^ / s ^ obviously  or making them wear stars of david or engaging in mass ethnic deportations or any other latently fascist policy brewing in your subconscious minds . 
  uhhh ... stop putting words into my mouth please . 
   you are kidding , right ? 
  do you not know that thanks to our history of industrial-scale slavery and our more recent history of institutionalized racism and crappy social policies , we have an impoverished black underclass with rates of violence and other criminality that make roma look like fucking angels . 
  well first of , you 're comparing ( poor ) black ( criminals ) people to ( criminal ) roma . 
  which is kind of rude . 
  secondly , if you would provide free education , housing and other free shit ( maybe change a gun law or two but that might be a stretch ) , you could solve the ghetto problem in a few decades . 
  but believe me , here in europe we 've tried with roma , to no avail . 
  what i was trying to convey with the unfair trial thing is that roma can really manage to unite the worst enemies . 
  ( i 'm not going to start about how blacks already are getting unfair trials . 
  and yes i know there 's no country-wide support for that . 
  rightfully so etc. 
  etc. ) . 
  you do n't think we dislike them ( just the unbehaving ones obvi ) for no reason do you ? 
  it 's not like i want '' * all the evil roma sub-humans that are so much worse than us * '' ( putting words in your mouth now ) not on the same buses . 
  it 's that a large group of roma are terrorizing ( yes i used that word ) a bus line . 
  if there were n't any criminal roma ; great , all aboard i 'd say . 
  even the roma now that are n't criminal can come aboard . 
  it 's not like they 're doing blood tests . 
  if the impoverished roma would wash their face , comb their hair and put on clean clothes you could n't even tell the difference between them and non-roma . 
  ( not joking ) but they often do n't do that . 
  now my question to you : what do you propose there 'd be done ? 
  does n't sound that crazy though ? 
  it 's just like in 2014 we ca n't mention from whatever poorer country a criminal came from in a news report for example . 
  it 's never ` moroccan ' but always ` north african ' . 
  it 's to prevent stigmatization . 
  so changing/not collecting statistics does n't sound like that far of a stretch . 
   maybe hire/train some ? 
  and put cameras on buses like in the us ? 
  lol you sound so na\u00efve . 
  you 're not dealing with the average kind of law offenders . 
  the camera 's ? 
  they do n't give a single shit . 
  and you know what , governments across europe have already offered ( free ! ), 
  housing , ( free ! ), 
  healthcare , job offers and much more . 
  but to no avail . 
  these people do n't want to `` live a normal life '' . 
  i advise you to do some internet research on the roma . 
  just on reddit alone there 's so many stories to be found . 
  i think if they 'd ever somehow spread to north america you would just put them behind bars after an ( legally ) unfair trial and few people would complain about it .
