  they do n't completely follow provincial or municipal borders and levy taxes and hold elections which nobody cares about . 
  it 's not as clear-cut as i thought and there 's plenty of sidenotes i could make . 
  watch this if you want a [ graphic representation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc ) . 
   the american variety ooh , how exotic . 
  anyway , caravan is an rv trailer . 
  a larger drivable rv is a campervan . 
  ` camping ' is the pan-european word for campsite ( where one puts campers , campervans or tents ) . 
  denk is a new political party founded by two turkish-dutch former labour party members . 
  they preach vague words about wanting a more inclusive society , basically hinting they want to overcome stigmas of turks , moroccans and muslim immigrants in general . 
  preaching about inclusiveness they meanwhile are afraid to lose turkish votes ( turks voting for turks , it 's a thing ) and are avoiding issues like the armenian genocide and other consrvative turkish related stuff . 
  they also spread the message `` be wary of news outlets , they 're working against us/you ! '' . 
  the general media here is fairly unbiased ( compared to other countries ) , and saying this kind of stuff as a political party is reason to be ridiculed . 
  a well known black tv presenter joined the party not long after she had received severe backlash against her comments she made about racism and the black pete thing on tv . 
  what it boils down to is that they 're trying to present themselves as the reasonable , inclusive , uniting option , while they 're totally conservative and downright hostile on some issues . 
   they are an islamic party oh come on . 
  i understand simplification for ease of understanding but you 're not presenting facts . 
  put lots of hair gel in your hair . 
  op can only be loud if the appropriate hand gestures that go with it are used . 
  `` but russia 's in asia ! '', 
  `` russia 's culture is not compatible ! '', 
  `` russia has many muslims living it in ! '', 
  `` we will be flooded by cheap labour ! '', 
  american-style barbecue is basically unheard of , we just grill . 
  most people will use charcoal grills , some will use gas powered ones and the electric ones have been steadily growing in popularity too . 
  usually individual pieces get cooked ( at the same time ofc ) . 
  on the table there will be things like salads , cut up baguettes , melba toast and anything that you would put on it , tropical fruit in syrup , an arrangement of sauces and maybe some other stuff . 
  the traditional thing to do on one of the ( 2 ) christmas days is [ gourmetten ] ( https://munchies.vice.com/en/articles/this-dutch-christmas-tradition-was-designed-to-boost-the-meat-industry ) . 
  basically the same as mentione above , but inside , using a smaller electric table-top grill . 
  nobody uses yellow . 
  like , i ca n't even recall ever hearing somebody say it . 
  except for maybe implying it in some racially insensitive jokes . 
  when we mean east-asian we say asian , when we mean ` desert + brown ' we call them arabs or middle easteners . 
  i know you have your . . weird unique way of phrasing and constructing sentences , but in this case you 're just wrong . 
  you 're stating false facts . 
   why would anyone else have fireworks to celebrate someone trying to blow up the british parliament ? 
  i could think of a few places . 
  luvsit . 
   sun tan she 's actually of papua new guinean origin . 
   barbie [ barbie ] ( http://media.dumpert.nl/foto/35b793b1_schermafbeelding_2012_10_08_om_11.49.15_am.png ) however . 
  lmao . 
  many churches are silent . 
  most historic city centre churches at least ring their bells once an hour . 
  some also ring a bell every 15 minutes , and some sound their carillon before announcing the hourly time like this [ clock tower ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhptwgabhwm ) . 
  say hello to the metric system . 
  please tell me they pronounce it mistur kasj . 
  it does . 
  no sane young person would call the country holland except internationally and when speaking english . 
  because it rolls over the tongue more easily ( hol-land vs. ne-der-land ) , because it is more known abroad ( just think of all the countries that know us as holland ) and because it used to be more ok back in the old days . 
  when reaching out to dutch immigrants in australia or canada , who whent there right after wwii , they 'll talk about holland and about speaking * hollands * . 
  which is totally weird to say in dutch now , but it was a more regular occurence back in the day . 
  could be a tradition from around that time that stuck . 
  an important difference in general between the us and european emergency services is that in the us you tend to put them on a higher pedestal . 
  this leads to police smugness and abuse of power , and to worshipping of firefighters . 
  we barely have either in the netherlands . 
  is it because they 're old ? 
  it 's probably because they 're old . 
   when i stay with my brother in amsterdam , i hear them say holland instead of the netherlands a lot lol what . 
  when ? 
   t this bothers me more than the use of holland . 
  yeah we were talking about trade agreements . 
  but islam . 
  something something eu something uk something something referendum something something brexit something something ` take back our country ' . 
  and they all have tariffs . 
  so you can stop wondering why when the uk leaves the eu it would have to pay tariffs : because it 's normal . 
   why would anyone put tariffs up between 1st world nations ? 
  that seems so antiquated and stupid . 
  so only the eu and nafta countries are 1st world ? 
  ( not even mentioning they have tarrifs going either way . ), 
  because that 's what you seem to be implying ? 
  australia has tariffs , south africa has tariffs , the us has tarriffs , canada has tariffs ... 
   section 165 ( 49 u.s.c. 
  \u00a7 5323j ) , called the `` buy america '' provision or buy america act -- not to be confused with the 1933-enacted buy american act -- applies to mass-transit-related procurements . 
  [ 1 ] it established requirements intended to give preference to the use of domestically produced materials on any procurements funded at least in part by federal funds . 
  [ 2 ] implementation of the requirements is regulated by the federal transit administration . 
  in both cases , they 're still in effect and rule out many companies from ever being able to supply goods or services to us projects that will receive federal funding , which is almost all . 
  do n't see how it 's not relevant . 
  [ chicken tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_tax ) is another one . 
   racism is n't a thing anymore goold-old-hank and his jokes all the time . 
  good banter . 
  but you 're right in that you 'll be judged on your behavior . 
  and in unfortunate cases on members of the same race 's behavior . 
   i always thought the eu was low maintainance and not very intrusive well to many people it is just that . 
  sure , but the uk was always a bit anti-eu . 
  from the way the media portays it to the way they pretend they 're not part of it ( when calling the continent ` europe ' to differientiate for example ) . 
  wel they all were very clear about getting out . 
  but do you think they do n't want to do trade anymore ? 
  the leave camp is already talking about keeping the open market area . 
  otherwise it would mean in/export tariffs . 
  some of them want to keep the open labour market as well , creating a norway-like situation ; paying fees and having to oblige to eu laws without having a direct voice in them . 
   almost no protectionism lol what . 
  buy america act , need i say more ? 
  you 're right in that the main point of the leave camp was `` we want to control our own borders '' and `` we do n't want more ( brown ) immigrants '' . 
  point is however , the immigrants currently in the uk are their own doing , they let them in themselves before the refugree thing . 
  do n't forget that the uk was already in charge of their own borders , they were n't even in schengen . 
  the camp in calais ? 
  it 's there because the uk has border controls . 
  the so-called migrant quota proposed by some eu politicans never really went anywhere , and if it did it only marginally materialized . 
  all in all you come across as really ignorant and unaware of the actual situation . 
  so please keep asking questions and , well , consume less shitty media . 
  moss,
