  if you have digital tv you can actually change the languages and subtitles on international channels like arte and eurosport . 
  at least i can . 
  ever seen the hollywood movies with the * lotion on the bedstand * jokes ? 
  yeah . 
  they do usually have a tip jar . 
  but no , i do n't . 
  i would n't say it 's a popular idea among young people . 
  that shit 's expensive yo . 
  backpacking through south east asia however is very common though . 
  the idea does get romantized the same way ( bc of movies ) , but i 'd say it 's mostly families or pensioners who do us road trips . 
  slurp super warm water in bed . 
  exactly , it 's just a state ( `` country '' ) . 
  belgium is n't a nation state either . 
  france is . 
  a nation is n't the same as a ( nation ) - state though . 
  quebec is a nation too . 
  well since our king swore : * `` i swear to the peoples of the kingdom that i will upkeep the statute of the kingdom and will upkeep and maintain the constitution . 
  i swear that i will use all my power to defend the sovereignty and territory of the kingdom ; that i will protect the freedoms and rights of all those within the netherlands , as a good king ought to do . 
  so help me god !, 
  '' * he basically has to die fighting . 
  needs more mora though . 
  [ i need this in my life . 
  does not compute . 
  you had a fat woman with big hair singing at eurovision a while ago . 
  cheese sandwich . 
  as in two slices of bread with a slice of cheese in between . 
  ballots are kept and stored for months after the election . 
  also you recieve a voting pass from the municipality by mail and have to show it at the voting place . 
  but becoming a big party does n't secure a place in the cabinet , so that 's one thing to consider as well . 
   the more sensible , practical option so when we are n't speaking dutch we 're still adhering to our culture . 
  in many other languages which include english . 
  i live near patty brard . 
  yes . 
  do i take them off if i 've been walking in the rain or mud ? 
  of course . 
  do i put slippers on if i 'm going to have a lazy evening on the couch ? 
  sure . 
  do guests have to take their shoes off ? 
  do we expect guests not to make a mess . 
  yes . 
  do i keep them on if i come home and have to leave in 1-4 hours ? 
  yes . 
  do we have a big floor mat in front of the door which we use every time before coming in ? 
  do we clean the floors and carpets ? 
  yes . 
  do i put shoes on if i do n't have to leave the house ? 
  uh , no . 
  never been there , but i 'd say it 's a near perfect mix ? 
  usa : - tropical architecture ( hawaii , florida , california ) - climate and beach - desert and hillbillies ( bogans ) - suburbanisation and car culture - friendly approachable people uk : - victorian architecture - dense vibrant city centres and cbds - cities with fairly good public transportation - sarcastic and fairly dry humour - same queen and shared recent history, 
  you have the the electoral college and gerrymandering , they have the house of lords and the queen . 
  tomato tomato . 
  i did not have relations with those guns . 
  legitimate , yes . 
  unconstitutional , maybe . 
  unpleasant , definitely . 
  also , you cray . 
  nope , nothing to see here . 
  i 've heard belgium is cray cray wild . 
  in europe religious parties are allowed , however you do n't need to be a religious person and religion is mostly avoided in politics entirely , it usually being a faux-pas to bring it up . 
  in the usa religion is supposed to be entirely seperated from politics yet you have to pander to christians to be able to get elected and loved and there 's extremists who push trough legislation with religious justifications , sometimes even using it to pass legislation against what the core belief of their religion is . 
   ( calvinist party ) dutch reformed protestants . 
  big difference . 
  definitely , in the amsterdam area at least . 
  maybe important to note : would n't they use a small \u00e9 when writing the words in a sentence in french ? 
   oranje blanje bleu orange white blue . 
  or rather , oranje , bla - ( from french blanc ) and - nje ( to make it rhyme with oranje ) , bleu ( french for blue ) . 
   it sucks that prinsenvlag is associated with neo-nazis the less you keep repeating it the less it will be . 
  kunst is dutch for art . 
  ( lit : something that can be done ), 
  over here we pronounce them like they 're pronounced by the name owner . 
  the dutch pronounciation of the english version , mind you ( sounds more flat ) . 
  often the pronunciation or slight spelling change sort of disconnects us from the actual origin . 
  jessica lange ( name is either dutch or german but pronounced the same ) is pronounced like english [ leng vs. lang-uh ] . 
  [ bree van de kamp ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bree_van_de_kamp ) will be discussed as such [ bree ven de kemp vs. bray van duh kahmp ] . 
  there is a grey area though and it can get sort of random . 
  i can totally imagine people only pronouncing the name van houten the dutch way [ ven howten vs. vahn hout ` un ] because it 's such a well known name that ` translating ' the sounds into english would totally slip your mind if the name was to be brought up . 
  as for your question , it 's often fairly easy to pick out the dutch names from a list and the ` good ' pronounctiation that comes with it . 
  you probably like sweaters , you ol' sweaterino you . 
  get charles ' head on a spike and tour it all across europe . 
  glory . 
  would you walk hand in hand everywhere ? 
  plenty . 
  we 've had a tradition of planning new neighbourhoods from the drawing board since the 19th century . 
  many neighbourhoods therefore have naming themes . 
  very common are rivers , mountain ranges , european capital cities , cities that feature within a theme , writers , poets , scientists , musicians , even or old dutch ( ified ) names of cities around the baltic sea and the british isles or important airports . 
  older neighbourhoods feature dutch people , newer neighbourhoods are more mixed . 
  it 's just urban planning i guess . 
  from what i 'm guessing the us used to be more like that , before the white flight and big post-war suburban boom . 
  europe had delerict center cities and suburbanisation as well , but not on the same sprawling scale . 
  we dealt with it differently . 
  are they ? 
  then why were heritage clubs protesting the other day then ? 
  lmao . 
  what do you mean 35 % off is n't a bargain . 
  also false : we 're stingy . 
  we just like a bargain and good value for money . 
  i guess you would n't be allowed into certain cities ' * milieuzone * s. 
  well the turkish foreign minister threathened sanctions if the turkish politicians were n't allowed in , while discussions between the consulate and dutch authorities were still going on . 
  that 's why our foreign minister cancelled the landing permission . 
  now turkey 's promising sanctions again .
