  the neighbours here working at booking.com ? 
  pensionados on the costa del sol ? 
  immigrants . 
  main reason they 're there is because it 's cheaper and climate is better though . 
  just like anywhere else along the mediterranean . 
  do n't think they would stay if those factors were to be changed . 
  yes . 
  but him talking about an iranian isis supporter was ignorant . 
  he did n't say all muslims are isis supporters ( < racist ) or that most isis supporters are muslim ( fact ) . 
  no it 's not racist . 
  it 's ignorance . 
  true , it was tiring . 
  on the other hand all the `` omg how dare they even think it was a muslim attack at first '' kind of people in this thread right now are equally as annoying . 
  no , bavaria is the wanted part of texas . 
  the comparison is there because they have strong local culture , accent , pride . 
  the national stereotype is based on it too ( lederhosen wearing beer drinking football lovers vs. godfearing truck-loving gun nut cowboy ) . 
  but bavaria is also an economic powerhouse . 
  half of all the german companies you 've heard of ? 
  from bavaria . 
  stay inside , it 's a terror attack , there are possibly shootings elsewhere in the city , do n't share images of the suspect ( s ) , call with a police line if you know more about the shooters . 
  what else do you want to know . 
  it 's not the their fault the bbc does n't follow the reddit live thread . 
  i fucking hate how news channels are going on about * how much panic there is right now * . 
  give us useful news or shut up . 
  you ca n't even enter malls in gta v !, 
  the shooters are german . 
  just read some of the posts in this thread . 
  in their mind they 're probably fighting for their country . 
  there 's a video of someone . 
  he walked like a proper lunatic and did n't look muslimy . 
  what are they wearing on their heads ? 
  polonaise in dutch is a conga line . 
  i meant that amsterdam has more to offer ( nightlife , festivals , shopping , things to do in general ) and therefore attracts more people . 
  it does n't suffer from commuting towns , because plenty of people want to live in the big city . 
  that 's why the housing market is under quite some pressure . 
  ca n't say that about all the other cities . 
  and schilderswijk is more centrally located and on another level than nieuw-west . 
  what i meant to say was that dutch cities are not as big as they could have been , and the bigger cities could have been even more urban/metropolitan if we did n't have those policies . 
  not that i 'm against them per se , that 's besides the point . 
  but i thin that 's one of the reasons why they 're not more expensive . 
  dutch cities ( except amsterdam ) still suffer a bit from the policies from the 70s onwards ; decentralizing , making lots of bedroom communities around the bigger cities . 
  why would a family go live in the hague if they could get the same facilities and more space and a garden when living in zoetermeer ( which is well-connected to the hague anyway ) ? 
  the less unique offerings a city has the less it will be able to compete . 
  plus those two cities have always had a large working class population and therefore shitty neighbourhoods too . 
  it 's already gotten a lot better though . 
  president trump would be a great ally . 
  the best ally . 
  they should go to cyprus instead . 
  `` want these ships back ? 
  yeah i know something we could trade . . '', 
  there 's light weight mini-axes though . 
  they 're quite . . effective nonetheless . 
  turks here made a boycott lists that has turkish-dutch businesses on it which they accuse of `` having ties to g\u00fclen '' . 
  of course they have already received threats . 
  already 3 of the ones interviewed by local media say they do n't even know what the hell they 're talking about . 
  but that 's not really the point , it 's fucking ridiculous in the first place . 
  keep your stupid conflicts at ` home ' . 
  same goes for all the muslims who love to get riled up about palestine-israel . 
  guess what , dutch jews do n't have anything to do with that . 
  from volkskrant.nl today about this subject :  this kind of criticism from other countries is ` unacceptable ' , foreign secratary mevlut cavusogly issued in a statement on monday . 
  these words in response to a decision made by a democraticly elected government indicate support for the coup , said the minister . 
  really shows what kind of people we 're dealing with here . 
  sigh . 
  [ not really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hook_of_holland ) . 
  it 's the official exonym . 
  maybe it does n't make a lot of sense , but exonyms often do n't . 
  ok so can anybody explain why the people do n't like hollande and what they think he should 've done differently ? 
  or is this some kind of us-style blame game where every issue is blamed on the president who ca n't do shit about it anyway . 
  just set your keyboard to english ( international ) . 
  it 's so much easier . 
  \u00c7 : alt + ( shift ) + < \u00e9 : ' + e \u00eb : '' + e \u00e8 : ` + e \u00df : alt + s, 
  sources ? 
  proof ? 
   and ... they 've denied him permission to land what do you mean ? 
  is this legit ? 
  it was a genuine question . 
  not some `` gosh these comments are shit '' . 
  sure , but it did n't take 3 hours to confirm it was an attack . 
  is the yt comment section full of americans or do brexiteers really speak like that ? 
  not like there was a reason for it . 
  they just tossed a coin , duh . 
  if that 's not a joke you should reallly educate yourself . 
  that interpunction and hashtag choice is really bad taste . 
   extremadura such a pretty name . 
  honestly it sounds badass . 
  right . 
  when you start appropriating culture at least have the decency to make sure the peoples and the legal successors you 're copying from are gone first . 
  right . 
  but was there already an american state named canada as well ? 
  because that 's what you need to get an even comparison . 
  every country has stolen shit . 
  but ca n't think of a whole lot of cases where people name their countries after neighbouring regions and start appropriating their culture . 
   no matter what the reason yeah no . 
  i guess post-colonial guilt and social democracy have some part to do with it . 
   what is the point in moving somewhere new ( presumably because you like the country and people ) and then want to bring the culture with you from where you left that quite clearly was not working . 
  $ $ hmm $ $ sweet $ $ $ $, 
  have n't you heard . 
  they were taking their jobs . 
  and yet ertms ( better train control system ) has * again * been put on hold because the money reserved for it is reallocated to the expansion of schiphol aiport train station . 
  was expecting pics of cars going up in flames .
