  it 'll help you relax when they enter . 
  such thoughtful lads . 
   the government are keen to promote cycling they like to pretend they are . 
  educational videos or leaflets are n't going to do shit . 
  i 've seen enough on the internet to conclude that cycling in the uk ( with the exeption of some streets in some cities ) is an utterly shitty and very dangerous experience . 
  most bikes use chain locks and wheel locks . 
  u-locks are n't massively popular . 
  so if you have broken contact with your childres you ca n't disinherit them ? 
  zwart , neger , donker , surinaams , antilliaans . 
  zwart ( black ) is a general term . 
  some people take offense . 
  neger ( negro ) is a general term , but people often confuse it with ` nigger ' ( nikker ) . 
  more people ( wrongly imho ) take offense . 
  donker ( dark ) is our pc term , though it just sounds weird in some contexts . 
  for most black people though , we would just use their nationality , which is often antillian or surinamese ( former colonies ) . 
  as a society we have n't really agreed on what 's the right term or not , so you can hear all of these . 
  well it would have to go through the house of representatives and then through the senate . 
  the senate 's function is to check if laws are constitutional . 
  senate members are chose by members of the provincial governments . 
  geert wilders , not very surprisingly , wants to get rid of the senate though . 
  i do n't know what would happen then . 
  it has wooden ceilings , nicer furniture and lavender smell . 
  but the procedure is roughly the same though . 
  put your stuff through the machine , take your belt off , go into the body scanner , you might get body searched , do n't joke around . 
  the usual . 
  our passport guys are friendlier compared to yours . 
  i do n't see any reason how they could be off better ? 
  ford of europe is for all intents and purposes european though . 
  they manufacture and design cars themselves here . 
  american owned , but still . 
  the mustang is ( was ) definitely premium , because you could n't even buy it in stores ( is it still only made in usa ? ) . 
  it was a niche product . 
  now that you * can * buy it in stores the exoticism should die off , but it will remain niche and the premium vibe will linger around for a while . 
  jeep is still very niche and carries quite a hefty price tag for what you get , and i believe all but one ( renegade ) models are imported from the usa . 
  cadillac is another brand that i would consider premium . 
  they had a downfall the last couple of decades but they 're back to standard when it comes to quality and design . 
  they 're so premium you barely see them in the flesh . 
  lol . 
  what do you have to say about the big percentage of welfare seekers/economic immigrants among these people though ? 
  have you even seen the situation in calais , greece or italy ? 
  they keep coming in droves , and i 'm starting to think the slow asylum procedures we have now are n't working and are a disservice to the residents of greece and italy . 
  and what do you think of all the legitimate syrians that only want to go to the northern european countries ? 
  proving one stereotype at a time . 
  goeie-ouwe-henk does n't do sarcasm very well . 
  but that 's quite a bit different from also making commute travel free . 
  well , not in the current state . 
  many of the subway lines can barely cope as is . 
  the infrastructure is very old in a lot of places too . 
  if the mta would get more funding so they can improve reliability and service , then sure . 
   margins of profit are very small big enough , lmao, 
  well we remember d-day , we just do n't commemorate it . 
   the d-day re-enactment in ohio looks a positively festive occasion and american wwii remembrances usually are celebratory in a way that 's not yet possible here i do n't think , and hope , it will ever be . 
  military glorification like they do in the us is not a good thing . 
  they 're considered regular mass production beers . 
  nobody would consider them exeptionally tasty or the best beer they 've ever had . 
  * revolution * [ rev-uh-loo-shuh n ] 1 . 
  an overthrow or repudiation and the thorough replacement of an established government or political system by the people governed . 
  sociology . 
  a radical and pervasive change in society and the social structure , especially one made suddenly and often accompanied by violence . 
  in order to be called a revolution instead of just independence the end result must be * revolutionary * different than what was before . 
  in france this meant going from rule by king to rule by the people and egalit\u00e9 , libert\u00e9 and fratinert\u00e9 came looking around the corner . 
  in the ussr that meant going from an empire ruled by a tsar to communist rule intended to be ruled in favor of and by the people . 
  not only will there be a change of system , there will be a new set of ideals and firm beliefs , a change of mindset . 
  `` regular '' independence wars rarely do that . 
  it 's only logical that you will change things in government if you 're establishing a new country . 
  that 's why there 's both the mexican indepence and mexican revolution instead of mexican revolution i and revolution ii . 
  in the us the motto of `` trying to get more succesful '' did n't really change . 
  you got a new system of government in the litteral sense , not in the ideological sense . 
  thing is , those ones * are * revolutions . 
   a blatant violation of our constitution i can name many things that violate your constitution and still happen in your country on a daily basis . 
  do n't hear you all continuously yapping about those though . 
  it 's just getting annoying to be honest . 
  as for the `` hate speech laws '' , they differ per country so i 'm not aware of all of them . 
  the most controversial of these laws were enacted in different times when we had different morals and social standards . 
  there 's laws that forbid to insult people in general , banning insulting foreign heads of states , but they 're barely enforced . 
  if they 're considered to be out of date they of course should be removed ( and in fact are being discussed and removed as we speak ) . 
  still , i always feel a vibe coming from american redditors like they 're so superior because we appearantly do n't have free speech . 
  i , and any other person that i know feels perfectly comfortable stating their mind . 
  i do n't care much for callers of violence or hate anyway . 
  meanwhile americans ca n't handle a titty or some '' * cuss words * '' on tv . 
  guess that would be too much freedom to handle . 
  i still do n't understand why you guys keep calling it a revolution . 
  just looks like any other independence war there 's ever been . 
  it was great . 
  we thought we were going to do really well at first , and were happy with our selection . 
  however then came australia and ukraine who beat us with at least 358 points . 
  spanjool for the spanish we also use belgistan for belgium, 
   while nominally there are regulations for safety gear not really . 
  we only have laws on bells , reflectors , brakes and lights . 
   better yet , buy fresh at the local markets the quality/price difference is quite small to be honest . 
  that 's why markets are only popular with old folk these days , who visit them out of habit . 
   the ideal of a united europe depending on which defenition of united you mean , we did n't sign for that . 
  in at least of 95 % of the cases it 's worn as a fashion item . 
  it 's very unlikely that the wearer is actually a fan of the american sports team 's logo that 's on it . 
  they might not even know which team the logo represents at all . 
  for soccer the tradition is to make [ scarfs ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=basketball+hat&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1008&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewig--6b9_nmahvmbcakhr0ubnkq_auibigb#tbm=isch&amp;q=football+scarf ) , but those are only worn to games . 
  football shirts are sometimes worn , comparable to americans wearing basketball shorts . 
  any examples besides the `` wall street did it '' narrative ? 
  it 's pretty insulting . 
  then again these are probably some edgy teens doing it for the lulz , so would n't consider it `` hatred '' but more something like contempt .
