  i did not said that he was or he was n't a whistleblower . 
  i could n't care less in fact , i 'm not interested by the guy . 
  the only important thing is the data he stole . 
   he was caught laundering money at an industrial rate what are you talking about ? 
  he was an it worker at hsbc . 
  hsbc 's clients , not his , were laundering money and evading taxes . 
  all that with the help of the swiss bankers and the swiss state . 
  he did n't try to sold private info to other criminals . 
  he tried to sold it , according to his girlfriend , to lebanese banks , most of which were affiliated to big and famous banks and warned switzerland . 
  that glorious 5 5 5 general . 
   honestly , i have always had the impression that maybe french people were a bit more likely to keep to themselves in francophone forums/gaming communities as opposed to germans , scandinavians , spaniards , italians etc. 
  well , the francophone community is quite big . 
  i think it 's the same for the spaniards , their community might be even bigger . 
  so we do n't have to go to english speaking sites if we do n't want to . 
  might be harder for the swedish . 
   do you have any sympathy with the notion of the loss of the french `` self '' in the face of english loan words and the suchlike ? 
  well , your question is n't addressed to me , but as i view it , we want both to protect our language against it and want to embrace it . 
  we 're not as open to the world as we would want to but we view the english-speaking world as invasive . 
  for example , the amount of english words in the ads or shops 's names that you can encounter in the streets is absurd . 
  personnaly i want to restrict it . 
  i 'm ok with finding french equivalents to some words * \u00e0 la qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois * , if it does n't denature the meaning of it . 
  translating hashtag into * mot-di\u00e8se * is unneccesary , but * courriel * instead of e-mail should be promoted ( and it is ) . 
  on the contrary , our bad proficiency in english is our national shame . 
  everybody knows that we have to improve it , except for some extremists here and there . 
  we have to show movies in vost ( subtitles ) on tv and at the cinema as the norm , or have to drastically improve student exchanges in both middle and high schools ( same with people choosing german or spanish as their first foreign language ) , etc. 
  they 're just simple measures that we can afford easily . 
  chess is recognized as a sport . 
  [ phenomenal club - il est vraiment ph\u00e9nom\u00e9nal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4cd1w10x_m )  i think it 's the summum de la beaufitude . 
  it comes from bellus , a , um the adjective , not bellum  war . 
  i guess when the germanic tribes became more relevant in the empire and when they took charge , the use of the word for war switched to one with germanic roots , hence guerre , guerrier in french but we also have words like belliqueux or bellig\u00e9rant . 
  you stayed 7 years in highschool ? 
  well i do n't understand your comment . 
  not in which case ? 
  because i never said ethnic groups were always defined by language . 
   i always kinda assumed you guys were slavs that 's because you think of the slavs as a race and not as an ethnic group . 
  that 's not the same , and races do n't exist . 
  of course the romanians will be genetically closer to the bulgarians than to the french , but that does n't mean they are of the same ethnic group . 
  we never left nato . 
  ah , alright . 
  weird that they did n't used the data from 2014 in the first table but used it for the second , because in both cases this is from the cr\u00e9dit suisse . 
  slovenia 's now behind the us . 
  which year is this data from ? 
  i though the uk was much higher . 
  not the cynic , the pragmatic . 
  i do n't see how russia is more relevant than france and great britain regarding africa . 
  fran\u00e7afrique is a sort of colonialism 2.0 . 
  oh , yeah sorry , i guess i just do n't know . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  if anything it will help the french videogame industry as i do n't see a lot of french games that promote inequality between men and women . 
  just add a strong heroin ** e ** in your game and then profit from the government money . 
  it was reported that he wanted to protest against globalization , and for that kind of guy it means the jews , who control the world , are the ones to blame for the * muslim invasion * , and who want to destroy our great nation . 
  oh , i thought you were talking about sarkozy . 
  well , often there are [ paper baguette bags like this ] ( http://www.interface-packaging.com/images/pop-up/sachets-papier-04.jpg ) or bigger ones for mutiple baguettes , or a more [ simple paper that covers only the middle ] ( https://galerie.alittlemercerie.com/galerie/product/278178/serviettage-serviette-en-papier-oiseaux-nid-7627045-dscf1616-jpg-41eb7_236x236.jpg ) ( where the guy grabs his baguettes ) . 
  god bless america , the saviour of the iraqis . 
  to be honest , i 'm sorry , but i hate it , and finlandia is one of my favourite piece of music along with [ the wood-nymph ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glnvn8i-dgq ) ( which was only rediscovered in the 90s btw ) . 
  this makes it so boring and awful , this part is supposed to be a beautiful and calm transition before the wonderful finale . 
  and it does n't need lyrics , at this point if you want to make a hymn of it , just go with the music only , just like the spanish and others do . 
  it 's the c1 . 
   netherlands, 
  well , the reason i said they were n't the same people was because the methods are n't the same . 
   they are burning police cars and attacking police officers who are ` they ' ? 
  they 're not the same people at all . 
   the fuck you know about all of that ? 
  well , reading stuff here helped me answering some questions . 
  for example , i 'm sure i 've read on this subreddit or in another that the monarch appoints the lords . 
  others , like the laws of the 60s , i did n't know but my answer was n't random , it was a logical guess . 
  as for the norman invasion of 1066 , it 's like the most known date about english history there is . 
  what about the roman empire ? 
  was it not christian for most of its history ? 
  if franco raised his head ? 
  this is an expression to say that he would be disappointed about the current situation ? 
  i 'm not saying that american wines ca n't be better than french wines , but that that would trigger any french person . 
  american wines are better . 
  yeah i would add kim jong-un and abbas ( i 'm actually surprised noone mentioned him ) in number 3 , renzi and orb\u00e1n in number 4 , but schulz is not really that famous . 
  the live album of cross is even better . 
  it 's world famous though . 
  we learn french english at school , that 's why you do n't understand us . 
  true . 
  i only saw it from the point of view of the na , as i was answering about his paragraph on the fn . 
  for instance , collard and mmlp interventions were very rare . 
  it would help them if they had at least a group of 15 mps , to build up some credibility in the process , which is what they lack the most right now . 
  we do n't have proportional but every candidates with more than 12.5 % of the votes in the first round go to the second . 
  i do n't think fn will have a lot of seats anyway , but still better than what they have now . 
  also one seat = one district ( * circonscription * ) , not departments , so the rural districts could give more fn seats . 
   are there any other ideas that would be worth considering ? 
  other cities than berlin in germany , and switzerland . 
  you 've got 2 weeks , so you can also visit one or two cities from north italy , and one french city , like lyon . 
  it depends on what you 'd like to do ... you could skip germany ( and france ) and focus on poland for the first week , and on italy for the second week . 
  or spend two days per cities all over europe . 
  it 's not up to us to tell you what to do . 
  overall , i think you 'll be fine , you do n't have to plan everything in advance . 
  [ vive henri iv , tchaikovsky ' version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txxdoqai4mc ) . 
  just because it 's beautiful . 
  it was already planned before the revolution , in fact . 
  no , a lot of work was already done , you 're right , and pothier 's work was also very helpful . 
  what i wanted to say is that it succeeded thanks to napol\u00e9on 's power of decision . 
  also , portalis is like the most known french jurist there is , so it 's not like he 's forgotten . 
  napol\u00e9on on bernadotte in his m\u00e9moires . 
   a frenchman , who had obtained the swedish throne by chance , betrayed his homeland 's interests , and allied himself with his ennemies with the hope to trade finland against norway . 
  i 've seen that you wrote the name jean domat in another post .
