  the u.k. government has been less than subtle that they seek to do away with it upon brexot as maximum working hours and paid holiday entitlements affect the competitiveness of business in their eyes . 
  workers rights rather than human rights , but that term gets thrown around so much these days i can understand the confusion . 
  ca n't attack the policies so attack the person instead ? 
  i hope jeremy clarkson gets in on it . 
  he 's very pro eu and appeals to the same sort of person as nigel farage does . 
  plus he 's someone everyone recognises . 
  so you mean like the early 1900s , where smaller alliances will build and eventually a war will break out . 
  war is inevitable when we are not all in one big alliance . 
  it 's possible now even , but that chance becomes much greater to the point of inevitability without a unifying organisation reducing the reasons to want to take over another nation . 
  the eu basically started in 1950 . 
  berlin was still being cleared up and rebuilt at that point , as was london . 
  the militaries were exhausted and the nations bankrupt . 
  it only had 5 years before alliances were formed ; it took 21 years to rebuild from wwi before wwii started . 
  if we were n't all in alliances via the eu and its predecessors , it probably would have happened by now . 
  it 's a name that everyone from green to ukip can use . 
  certainly something we all agree on , if for differing reasons . 
  there is a fair portion of our right wing who compare anything germany or the eu does to the nazis . 
  `` the fourth reich '' and all that nonsense . 
  source : i live on the surrey / west sussex border . 
  there is very passionate hatred for freedom of movement though . 
  farage basically ran his election campaign on it . 
  it 'll set up individual trade deals so as to avoid immigration , rather than join the eea , even if it is shooting itself in the foot . 
  our media has been running with that to push the anti-eu rhetoric for years . 
  it works quite nicely in farage 's favour . 
  that would be britain first , the self-professed `` protection squadron '' of nigel farage . 
  even farage does n't like them for being too racist for his liking . 
  good stuff . 
  if may becomes pm , i will be on the first plane to anywhere else before she brings in special measures to `` defend the country from terrorism '' and gives herself the new title of high chancellor . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't see if you 're german or british , but either way your point is valid . 
  osborne and iain duncan smith certainly are . 
  i do think we need euthanasia and assisted suicide . 
  i 've watched my 60 year old uncle die from early-onset parkinson 's and doctors kept him alive despite his wish to kill himself . 
  same goes for my grandfather who took 6 years to fully succumb to alzheimer 's . 
  they kept what was basically a shell alive for 2 years , after 2 years of not knowing who he was and thinking it was still wwii . 
  the only way i see that happening is if nigel convinces the working class that the land of sovereignity is the land of milk and honey , and not the land of the conservatives being able to do whatever they want ; bye bye minimum holiday leave , maximum working hours and cheap goods , hello ( victorian ) british values !, 
  here too . 
  in that case , the uk government has never given a damn about human rights . 
  not in my lifetime anyway . 
  probably not in yours either . 
  hopefully we wo n't leave . 
  i fear we will though . 
  ukip tend to vote like their lives depend on it , as do people who are terrified of immigrants . 
  everyone else seems a little more apathetic . 
  i see it sleepwalking out despite the majority wanting to stay . 
  do n't want to say too much as i 'll quickly out myself to any coworkers who may be on here . 
  i deal with making sure everything we make complies with eu regulations for my company . 
  chances are this job will just get moved to frankfurt if the brexit happens . 
  no point in having that job outside the eu . 
  but free ( at the point of use ) healthcare is a right in the uk . 
  anyone can go to the hospital and get checked out without charge . 
  the interests of the owners . 
  barclay brothers , lord rothermere , etc. 
  i 'll be honest , i do n't think the uk has ever cared what other countries think of it . 
  `` they 're all * foreign * anyway . '', 
  which i 'm hoping is stay . 
  if not i 'm out of a job considering `` eu '' is in my job title . 
  that or i have to move to germany which is where my position will be relocated ( head office is in frankfurt ) . 
  do n't give the libertarians ideas . 
  ukip would be . 
  many of us are terrified . 
  the media ( particularly the printed press ) is incredibly anti eu . 
  they 'll be keeping this up for as long as it takes to make sure people stay terrified of immigrants . 
  also known as `` a daily mail reader . '', 
  i 'm going back like `` ok so they never were for cameron ... or blair ... or major ... thatcher certainly did n't care ... 
  the only time they did care was when they founded the nhs and the welfare state , which they 've been trying to get rid of ever since . 
  spoken like a true englishman . 
  i 've always thought that if the government threatened to seize ( or heavily tax ) empty properties in london , we could solve the housing crisis ... but that does n't help our richest in society so i do n't see it happening before 2020 at least . 
  along with reducing the pollution and saving the planet , one of the main reasons i look forward to the move being completed is the rug being pulled out from under saudi arabia and the world finally not taking their barbarianism . 
  `` son of the land '' - that 's a beautiful name . 
  yup . 
  learned german on my * auslandsemester * . 
  could barely speak it when i arrived ( after having hated the classes in school ) ; i can now speak hochdeutsch and even schwabisch . 
  whilst i believe they need to learn the german language if they want to stay and work or whatever , i would rather that yes the grundgesetz was avaliable in their languages . 
  that way , should any of them do something against our values , they ca n't say `` wir sprechen kein deutsch '' and expect to get away with it . 
  i 've also found that because of the way the media works in the uk ( strong anti , hardly any pro/eu ) the ukipers vote like their lives depend on it ; everyone else is more apathetic . 
  probably because the average brit is more stubborn than a mule ; if they want the uk to stay it 's best to say nothing . 
  if they said something pro-remain , especially if they are eastern european , french or german , older people in particular are more likely to vote leave on the sheer basis of `` i 'm not doing what some bloody * foreigner * wants me to do . 
  i 'm * british * ! '', 
  source : i live in the home counties , within an hours drive of sussex , kent and essex ; 3 of the main hotspots for anti-eu sentiment . 
  and according to mr farage , anything other than a utopia that gets all of the benefits and none of the drawbacks is `` scaremongering '' . 
  ukip and vote leave want to be treated like third parties rather than eu members . 
  he 's simply stating that this is what they will do . 
  in fact , due to londoners buying up a lot of cornish property as holiday homes , it 's even more expensive . 
  but , the newspapers have convinced them that this must be the eu 's fault , and not the black hole effect london is having on the british economy . 
  i 'm glad to see a cornish person speaking out about this . 
  i stopped in redruth once on the way back from the coast with a german friend . 
  we were in the pub , speaking german , and got told by a woman in her sixties to `` go back where you came from , you dirty krauts , your kind are n't welcome in redroof . 
  churchill should have wiped you lot out '' . 
  since that day i see why every one of my cornish friends has fled to london . 
  `` do you speak american ? '', 
  i hear that one all the time nowadays . 
  thanks , farage . 
  stay back , heathen . 
  stay back i say !, 
  do n't take it seriously . 
  it 's camp , it 's funny , it 's a reason to drink , it 's international . 
  it 's a cheap night in with a few bottles of wine and laughing at it with some friends . 
  this is how i 've treated it when watching it in the uk , france and germany . 
  all locals were pretty similar . 
  our eastern european friends were taking it so seriously which made it even funnier .
