  do you really think that the eu is entirely dedicated around destroying your `` british values '' , or that the eu even cares to destroy your `` british values '' ? 
  it was a genuine assumption , as the express has been running on that line since the 1970s . 
  the daily mail , ukip , the sun , the express and the telegraph have been blaming the eu and immigrants for * everything * wrong in the uk for decades . 
  spotted the daily express reader . 
  heathrow . 
  it 's massive , it 's poorly built , it 's probably the busiest airport in the world , their baggage machine in t5 tends to lose things , it 's disorganised , the bus terminal is just awful , and the u.k. border force working there come second only to the tsa in terms of their `` friendly '' demeanour . 
  also , the main access road is through a tunnel under the runways , which means whenever someone wants to make a stand against something or other , they just park their van across it , blocking both lanes of traffic , meaning the tunnel gets backed up , the motorway gets backed up , and lots of people miss their flights . 
  it happened again a few weeks ago . 
  nah , it 's just in devon , which is britain 's florida ( along with cornwall and dorset ) . 
  welcome to god 's waiting room . 
  exeter and plymouth university are about the only reasons there are any young people in the region . 
  if it 's anything like the uk ; a lack of looking at each case individually on its merits , combined with the government of the day wanting to `` look tough on immigration '' . 
  i do n't understand why ukip would n't want them . 
  is n't their biggest fear that foreigners might be using the nhs for free ? 
  this would rectify that . 
  also it 's really not an assault on civil liberties , it 's an extra card in your wallet . 
  one that can be used to get access to government services and show who you are . 
  having flown on internal shenegen flights ; all he would have needed was a drivers license , which he has . 
  they just need id , not a very specific , highly expensive piece of id . 
  if the uk had a national id card system , those could act as passports . 
  they could also be used to make sure people are entitled to free healthcare and whatever else , therefore eliminating the fear of foreigners using the nhs without their home country getting the bill , or false claims for benefits . 
  surely that would be a win for ukip ? 
  i 'm talking about the queues at arrivals ; to be precise , the passport control . 
  this would not exist if the uk was in shenegen ; only the non-eu flights would have to deal with it . 
  another thing ; i recently wanted to take my boyfriend to munich with me , for the oktoberfest . 
  flights were reasonable , then he realised his passport would be about to run out . 
  if the uk were in shenegen , or had id cards , this would not be an issue . 
  instead , it 's # 90 or so and several weeks . 
  he stayed at home . 
  shenegen does make it easier though . 
  without stupidly long border queues that take an hour or so at the fastest to get through ( been to gatwick recently ? 
  it 's horrendous ! ), 
  means that people can live in one country but work in another . 
  i know people who drive every day from the czech republic into bavaria for work . 
  you could n't do that and maintain your sanity back when there used to be huge tailbacks caused by the zoll . 
  some people commute into london from paris , but the friendly demeanour of the u.k. border force , combined with the cost of the eurostar , do put people off doing it with the u.k. so much . 
  and yet there is still an imaginary line , somewhere in a train tunnel . 
  there 's also one in ireland . 
  unfortunately he has to worry about ukip voters and the more right wing side of his party , and so is forced to bleat on about british sovereignty , as they do . 
  he knows it 's not up for changing but he has to look `` tough '' on the issue for them . 
  ukip wo n't wait as long as a year before saying its a sham and angling for another referendum . 
  i 'd give it 20 seconds after the result is announced at the most , accounting for the delays in live information feeds . 
  you 're the one who does n't want someone having say in your life entirely on the basis that they are from the other side of an imaginary line that can only be seen on paper . 
  and lib dem is only so low because of tuition fees . 
  i 'm actually surprised ukip got so high with the under-24s . 
  i was expecting the greens to do better than them in this demographic , considering how well they seemed to be polling at universities . 
  both . 
  the country * has * changed , and it is much harder to just `` walk into a job '' now . 
  brits , as a people , do n't like change , and a lot of the older ones resent `` being told what to do by * foreigners * '' , particularly the germans or the french . 
  it 's not the way it used to be ; farage summed up their sentiments with '' [ he gets ] uncomfortable when people are speaking in foreign languages on public transport . '', 
  it 's why theresa may was so popular with a lot of people when she made that speech at the conservative party conference earlier this year . 
  england would probably want 3 . 
  one for the north , one for the south and one for london . 
  maybe two for london and one for the south east , as a sign of the government 's general priorities . 
  immigrants . 
  there are people here , mostly older people along the south coast , who are literally scared of immigrants . 
  the daily mail , daily express , the sun , the telegraph and of course nigel farage blame everything from house prices to traffic on the m4 ( the main way into london from the west ) on immigrants . 
  they all seem completely unaware that there are as many brits in other eu states as there are people from reu in the uk . 
  benidorm , ibiza , malia , mallorca , marbella , zante , cyprus , munich , and most of the balkan and croatian coasts must be half hoping for brexit , and half fearing replacing their current major market . 
  my hometown of plymouth may have finished it by now , they were well underway when i last visited a few months ago . 
  that sounds like the articles the uk press write about merkel to scare their readership even more towards an `` out '' vote . 
  yup . 
  in england it 's the eu or people on welfare . 
  my ideas ; - propaganda towers blasting the speeches of nigel farage - big tv screen showing twitter and facebook updates from katie hopkins , the edl , britain first , and the various `` isolated incidents '' of ukip - air drops of the daily mail , daily express , daily telegraph , daily star and the sun . 
  - another big tv , playing russia today uk , non stop . 
  - constant uk weather reports , preferably from the north or north wales . 
  - pictures of any city that had expensive post-war redevelopment ; to show them how `` beautiful '' it is . 
  i personally suggest birmingham or port talbot . 
  tell them that all of this is what britain is like ; if anyone still wants to live there after that onslaught then there really is no stopping them . 
  i know what you mean . 
  my best friend 's grandparents were farmers in schwaben . 
  they never travelled as far as berlin . 
  they went to bayern once or twice , and down to switzerland a few times , but that was about it . 
  when my grandmother was a child she delivered milk in her village in southern england on a horse and cart . 
  when walking home from school she used to walk along the railway tracks and watch as the steam trains roared past her towards london . 
  she remembered the first motorcar coming to town , and the first television , and how everyone crowded to see them . 
  at christmas time , as her father owned the local bakery ; everybody came to use his kiln to cook christmas dinner , and they all drank cider together whilst my grandma played the piano or they listened to `` the wireless '' . 
  one year , during wwii , an american soldier joined in with his accordion , which he left behind in the village . 
  i 'm a massive gamer who is almost always using the internet in some form or other ; my best friend is from 1000km away ; but sometimes i wonder what it must have been like to live in simpler times . 
  he made the mess , but farage is the one who set it up to end up like this . 
  it 's pretty common in schwaben and bayern . 
  maybe a southern thing ? 
  victoria and paddington too . 
  i think all the terminals are like it . 
  the glass thing is an old superstition . 
  if you clink glasses and do n't make eye contact , you 've consigned yourself to 7 years of bad sex . 
  i 'd wager that you do n't pass through train stations in london very often if you think paying for the bathroom is unusual . 
  more of an essex thing . 
  25 % is the average of what british people think the figure is . 
  the actual figure is 13 % , the one on the other line to the figure you chose . 
  wait , people think 25 % of our population are immigrants ? 
  that would n't solve the problem , merely move it . 
  some of the borders were closed , but due to the sheer financial implications it 's pretty tough to watch every centimetre of the borders of every country . 
  with enough effort and access to resources that isis likely have , you could cross pretty much any border in the world ( apart from north korea ) reasonably un-noticed . 
  some would be treacherous and involve rough terrain or dangerous waters , but it would n't be impossible . 
  it 's the fact he crossed so many of them when we were looking for him that is the problem . 
  is this a reference to the fact that calais was part of what is now the uk in the past ? 
  i know you 're joking but the uk would be the ones who would never allow it . 
  it would be easier to cross into the country , and in case you did n't notice people are a little bit tetchy about immigration here at the moment . 
  november 5th , also known as [ `` guy fawkes night '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guy_fawkes_night ) , although its not really a holiday .
