  this . 
  i remember i took some americans ( who were fresh off the plane ) around munich . 
  i took them to the hofbr\u00e4uhaus , as is customary , and they were shocked that i ordered myself a * hefewei\u00dfbier * at midday . 
  `` how can you drink like that ? '', 
  `` umm ... its lunch time ? '', 
  a beer at lunch , a beer at the end of the day , a glass of wine with dinner and suddenly you 're an `` alcoholic '' to some of them . 
  the uk too . 
  nobody bats an eyelid at negative things being said about them . 
  the eu did n't ban it , i 'm pretty sure that was germany . 
  we bought them in bregenz last year , and i 've seen them in london a lot . 
  along with a far right newspaper that gives lessons on patriotism , despite being headquartered in bermuda to avoid british tax . 
  indeed . 
  how dare foreigners ( like kirsten farage ) be able to watch television programmes from their own country in their own language on satellite tv in sacred albion . 
  not as good as it used to be . 
  it has become more and more of a mouthpiece of the government . 
  the north is better for language learning but the south is where the good beer comes from . 
  did you know that baden-w\u00fcrttemberg 's unofficial motto is `` wir k\u00f6nnen alles . 
  - it 's so true . 
  she 's been here about 3 years . 
  when your brain has three and a bit languages swimming around in it , the grammar is often a casualty . 
  this is particularly the case when you have a hangover . 
  if you ever go to south germany you 'll learn pretty quickly why my `` german '' sucks xd - i learnt it whilst over there . 
  i did think i had probably screwed up the grammar but i 'm tired haha . 
  at least our southern clients get on well with me for it ( i also have a schw\u00e4bisch accent in german , apparently ) . 
  merci , 
  i went to high school in france and university in germany . 
  i was in swabia / schwaben actually , where the guy who 's comment i replied on comes from / lives . 
  [ it 's a very pretty region . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/tuebingen_neckarfront.jpg ) my grammar sucks though , having not spoken french regularly for about 5 years now . 
  my german is still reasonable however my spelling is atrocious . 
  i use them both at work but its quite rare as i 'm not in something customer-facing at the moment . 
  it 's why i wish we had more non-english shows on our tv . 
  we occasionally get some in italian , german , swedish or french , but not enough of them to properly learn it from them . 
  it 's one reason why it would be good to have eu-wide tv broadcasts , so i could keep my language skills up . 
  really ? 
  i work with a girl from poland who could pass off as english . 
  she passes off as someone from chelsea quite well actually . 
  * when someone speaks three languages , he is trilingual . 
  when someone speaks two languages , he is bilingual . 
  when someone speaks only one language , he is british or american . 
  * edit : spelling , in the english one , ironically enough . 
  not really . 
  remember that we are small countries with languages like german , swedish , italian , polish , and various others that are not really spoken outside of an area the size of texas . 
  when you speak a different native language to someone 6 hours drive away , as i do and many other europeans do , you need to have a single language that everyone learns to communicate with each other . 
  thanks to the british empire , the usa , the internet and hollywood , that 's become english . 
  french was still the lingua franca for a long time after . 
  it 's only really been with the internet and the rise of the united states as a global superpower that english has fully taken hold . 
  i still had to learn french when at school for the basis of `` this is what you need when working in an international context '' . 
  the eu . 
  rt is a mouthpiece for putin and nothing more . 
  they like to use the daily mail as a source on european matters ; enough said really . 
  same as britain with its railways . 
  built the best in the world in 1900 ; never properly updated it since . 
  they 're more trustworthy than the daily express , daily mail , times , telegraph , sun , mirror , guardian , and actually just about every `` news '' organisation in the uk aside from reuters and the independent . 
  looks like the south side of the thames today ; except in london the only thing they build is # 10m `` starter homes '' . 
  tell me , do you see any refugees in your town ? 
  me either and i live between heathrow and gatwick . 
  dave only agreed to let * any * in because of pressure from british people . 
  he ignored all the eu 's requests to help as doing so would have played into the hands of nigel farage . 
  he outright vetoed any assistance from us . 
  and people assume that this will be better , because it will be * british * . 
  germany and france , i believe . 
  frankfurt and paris will carve london 's banking sector up like a christmas dinner . 
  eea membership means accepting freedom of movement . 
  since he 's basically the leader of the out brigade , have you heard nigel farage 's view on that ? 
  it 's somewhere along the lines of `` over my dead body will i allow immigrants into my country without some of the harshest checks in the world '' . 
  eea membership will not happen , the out-ers are `` concerned '' , and often quite genuinely scared , of immigration . 
  1984 is becoming an instruction manual and the middle class will allow it because `` i have nothing to hide '' . 
  whilst i see what you mean , i honestly do n't believe enough * people * in this country are mature enough or are politically informed enough to have a say on such a serious matter that could change the course of the country and its history . 
  16 year olds were allowed to vote in the scottish one though , and it 's more their future than yours or mine . 
  the schools can be made to teach about positives and negatives of eu membership , on a syllabus decided by an independent body . 
  it could be done but needs to be done right . 
  she 's ( thankfully ) never going to scrap freedom of movement though , so it wo n't appeal to the brexiters anyway . 
  it 'll just make them shout more about how germany is controlling them . 
  i know what you mean . 
  living near sussex and kent , it feels like cameron could do whatever he wants , so long as he scrapped freedom of movement the locals would be happy . 
  about 50 of his mps are ukip material , with theresa may and daniel hannan being the two most prominent about it . 
  i personally think the uk could do broadcasting towers , north korea style , playing the speeches of nigel farage and katie hopkins . 
  air drop copies of the daily mail and the daily express on refugee camps . 
  stuff like that . 
  if you still wanted to move to the uk after seeing nothing but those things , you 're too determined to be stopped by the regular means . 
  whilst i agree , other than becoming `` fortress europa '' ; blocking flights from certain countries , armed naval patrols , building a wall to rival the one in the west bank , and the government requisitioning every available bus , boat , train and plane for mass deportations ; i do n't know how we 're going to do it . 
  you 're right . 
  i wonder why the eu has never thought about getting itself some military capability , so that when people make threats like this it can respond ? 
  munich is still pretty reasonable compared to london and south east england , but is insane compared to germany . 
  exactly why i 'm planning on moving to s\u00fcddeutschland . 
  what 's the point in working 40 hours a week to live in a place which is literally smaller than the master bathroom in your parents place ? 
  ( there 's no work in their town ; it 's all gone to london . 
  they 're government employees , which is about the only thing left and there 's no available jobs with them thanks to conservative cutbacks ) . 
  uk would look very similar to czech republic , although london would be more around the 2m $ mark than 900 ' 000 $ . 
  this is horrendous . 
  my condolences to their families :(, 
  if you go out of the south east it 's really not so bad . 
  the south east is a bit of a lost cause in some areas though . 
  you forgot frankfurt . 
  i find that people ( ranging from the `` pro-eu left '' to the anti-eu right ) hate the banks , but when it comes to it most realise they 're a necessary evil . 
  thatcher decimated the other industries and it 's finance that really keeps london , and by association the rest of the country afloat now . 
  london needs to keep its trading floors . 
  it 's mostly the daily mail . 
  they have a moral crusade going against the perversion of porn , whilst showing borderline child porn on their sidebar .
