  try living near kent . 
  farage is a god amongst men around here . 
  has he not met farage ? 
  the man would probably cry with happiness if told the eu will lock the door after throwing him out . 
  well , he had to eventually do something right in the education sector . 
  poland is a pretty nice place actually . 
  had some great times over there . 
  germany . 
  most culturally similar to me . 
  i love the beer and the food is good too which helps . 
  the way you say that , do you therefore assume that were the uk to leave the eu , that money would still be given to farmers by the british government ? 
  the way the conservatives are going at this point ( see : any kind of welfare ) , i see `` we 're all in it together '' being shouted a lot , and those funds going directly into the treasury instead . 
  i have no issue with this . 
  i live in the rural south east . 
  nigel farage is our mep and lives less than an hour 's drive away . 
  this is the ukip heartland . 
  the local farmers are constantly spewing how the eu has never helped them , even though friends in local planning say otherwise . 
  will be interesting to see how many are being funded by the eu , and how many decide to take a taste of the post-brexit life , refuse funding and not have any poster . 
  its only right that you give credit to who funds you , particularly when you usually badmouth them to anyone who will listen . 
  also , not for or against this , but is n't junker from a little country ? 
  luxembourg is hardly a dominating world power , outside its banking sector . 
  normally he 's one of the most anti-eu / pro-brexit people here . 
  i admit i was n't sure if he was joking or not at first . 
  it sounded a bit more forward and less like a lawyer than usual , but that 's about it . 
  technically , but unlike colonies in the past , they 're free to declare independence without backlash from us , and our government is apparently even willing to help them do so if they want . 
  [ it set in 1997 when hong kong went back to the chinese . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_empire ) gibraltar and the rest are `` overseas territories '' rather than colonies . 
  i 'm not sure if he 's trolling cameron here or not . 
  a united eu would be one of the only countries that could take on china , economically or otherwise . 
  why would he encourage such a thing ? 
  1/3 of the entire planet and so widespread that the sun never set on it , if i remember correctly . 
  i know many reasons . 
  example : a friend lived in her native germany until she was 50 . 
  she has lived here 15 years . 
  her german state pension is worth considerably more than her british one would be . 
  she 's married to an englishman and lives in england , she plans to stay here for the rest of her life . 
  why should she have to give up her state pension from her country of birth in order to be able to vote on something that seriously affects her life ? 
  i know its unlikely that you care because you want out , but surely it should be fair that she be entitled to vote in this and not lose out on something she spent more than 30 years of her life working for ? 
  i will never agree with something `` migrationwatch '' put out ; they basically exist to give the daily mail stats . 
  i said it should be one or the other in the interests of fairness . 
  i prefer the exact opposite to what `` migrationwatch '' are going to try to demand . 
  why should you be allowed ? 
  because citizenship is a long and expensive process that many people never believed they would have to go through in order to remain in the country that has become home to them . 
  of course it recommends none , it 's from `` migrationwatch '' , a `` think tank '' who are more anti-immigration than ukip . 
  but it does seem it should be everyone or no-one . 
  why should they have the right ? 
  i couldnt care less for `` historic connections '' , might as well let the indians , pakistanis , canadians , etc all vote then if they 're using the `` commonwealth '' defence . 
  personally i think it should be the right of all people who have been permanently resident for more than 5 years or whatever the citizenship threshold is , as those people have invested a lot of time into the country . 
  either all of them or none of them personally , and i 'm very much on the `` in '' side . 
  i can honestly say i have never had a clue what is going on in cricket . 
  i do remember flicking through the channels once and seeing it on tv , where the commentator was actually talking about the seagulls that were fighting in a corner of the ground rather than the match . 
  i believe in presenting all the facts both for and against leaving . 
  the fact is if this country leaves , the banks will have contingency plans in place . 
  its in the public interest to know what those plans will be in order to make a more informed decision . 
  my mep is unfortunately nigel farage , having just moved to the south east . 
  got a better chance of pigs taking flight than him working in the people 's interest to make the eu a better place . 
  hardly . 
  they have to have plans in place in case it were to happen . 
  they have to state what those plans will be . 
  it 's in the public interest . 
  i go to church at christmas . 
  the rest of the year i 'm not really practicing but i try to donate to charity and be a good person in general . 
  do n't need to go to church for that . 
  i 'm roman catholic by the way , if that is of interest . 
  yup . 
  passport says british . 
  actual `` identity '' is a blend of predominantly british , french , and german , due to my upbringing , places i 've lived , people i 've lived with , etc. 
  these days the nation that issues your passport does n't really have to have any bearing on what you turn out like as a person . 
  `` home is where the heart is '', 
  and the rubbish cameron comes out with is mostly the result of farage . 
  he has a very slim majority , and has decided it 's easier to pander to ukip than any other party to win votes . 
  please let it be called `` the european union '' and not use . 
  also on facebook you would get called a `` britain hating , terrorist enabling quisling traitor who should be stripped of citizenship '' by the ukip / britain first brigade . 
  if you 're somewhere rural , you barely have to be civil about it . 
  source : live somewhere rural . 
  well maybe if they did n't want to be made fun of , they should get out of the left lane if they 're only doing 120km/h . 
  source : spent far too much of my working life on the autobahn . 
  dave has to do everything he can to find a new trading partner , now that it looks like brexit is almost certain :-(, 
  does bild roll out the `` coldest winter in 50 years '' headline every year like the daily mail does ? 
  and `` die queen von berlin '', 
  so the best counterweight ... is to remove yourself from being the counterweight ? 
  go down well for you and yours . 
  go down horrendously for me and mine . 
  i 'd like to think that this might be enough to wake them up and think about what they 've been imposing on everyone else , but it probably wo n't be . 
  conservative party are more the first kind . 
  ukip more the second kind . 
  we 're less embarrassed to talk about things of a sexual nature than north americans , nudity does n't really bother us , and we do n't really see radical evangelicals here . 
  aside from that , europe can be pretty conservative too . 
  a big part of our issue is the home secretary , theresa may . 
  she 's the `` i had fun once , it was awful '' kind of person who would sooner ban everything , even if it is a revenue generator . 
  surrey / west sussex border here . 
  yup . 
  i live somewhere pretty rural , although we do have a major airport not too far away . 
  you do hear it a lot here ( particularly with relation to the eu ) from the right , though mostly from the older generation . 
  i know in london it would be considered highly impolite , but london is a lot more cosmopolitan than surrey / sussex . 
  so we could go back to the cold war instead ? 
  if we broke up some countries would go back under the influence of russia , whilst others under the influence of the us . 
  we would no longer be a big organisation on our own that was capable of telling * both * of them to back down . 
  instead we would be ripe for the picking . 
  i believe she 's talking about the working time directive .
