  i 'm probably daydreaming , but here you go : * elections every 6 years for not only the parliament but also the commissions and the rest of the policy-setters and regulatory bodies * no more than one term can be served by an individual at any of the positions mentioned above * double-representation in important commissions ( e.g. 
  the ec ) . 
  one representative elected by the country they represent , and one from a different country . 
  * multitude of provisions for electronic governance ( digital signing , e-voting , digital consent etc ) * multitude of mechanisms to allow the people to induce debates in the eu parliament ( the only one we have now has only been launched recently and it is quite difficult to activate ) * also : easy ways to set up electronic referendums and if the participation is higher than , say 30 % , then the result must be followed by the parliament * population groups as constituents of the parliament seats . 
  some meps will only be elected by young people , others by women only etc. 
  * alternative to the above : lawyers as advocates of the groups with the right to address the parliament . 
  the advocate of the children will be debating the long-term influence of a new policy in education * unified tax system with digital wallet as i have explained [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/vbp9h/commission_mulls_fiscal_ids_to_stop_tax_evasion/c5354b2 ) * good financial reimbursement for elected members ( up to a couple of millions for the 6 years term ) but that will not be certain . 
  it will go on a pot and will only be available , say , ten years after their service finishes . 
  they will lose this if their work is proven inefficient or corrupted . 
  a ` jury ' of randomly selected normal people would review their work after the 10 years have elapsed and decide on the amount of financial reimbursement . 
  this will be repeated every 10 years until the death of the politician and his first-degree relatives ( wife ( s ) , children , siblings , parents ) . 
  also , with the help of the digital wallet , all their transactions of their life will be available to the jury . 
  any of the regular juries will have the right to refer the politician to a court * corrupt politicians to be tried for treason , with life imprisonment without parole as a potential sentence . 
  * no direct and unregulated public funding of election campaigns . 
  all candidates and their pitches , cv , etc will be listed in a single web site , run by the eu , which will allow easy comparison between candidates and attempt equal representation of everyone . 
  that must be full-blown with comments/questions sections etc. 
  entitlements : - free and unlimited education , funded in part by non-eu citizens who want to study here - limited social and health rights - right to have a shelter - right to have internet access ( inc a device to do so ) - right to be subjected to euthanasia, 
  not enough . 
  what we need is a full electronic audit-able wallet and no paper money . 
  that also reduces black market , criminal activities etc. 
  yes , it is expensive , potentially insecure as well but , is it more expensive than tax evasion , fighting crime etc ? 
  the technology is there ; many of the transactions already happen with plastic money . 
  it does not even have to happen in one day , you can do it progressively . 
  set something like a `` monthly cash withdrawal limit '' to a relatively low but adequate figure for small transactions , for example 20 % of your salary . 
  the rest will have to go through your digital wallet . 
  why is not happening ? 
  because it is suitable for the tax-evaders to keep a complex system . 
  i hope this crisis will help us move on to the future . 
  if it is a public hospital , then it does not matter if it can not afford the equipment , the government will eventually foot the bill ( it 's very funny how budgets work ) . 
  by the time this happens , the private company might be bust already . 
   so we have to bail out countries that have got themselves in a mess . 
  ok , we can accept that , the eurozone is about unity , although lessons can definitely be learned to stop the same thing happening next time . 
  you do n't bail out countries , it is a back-door bailout to the banks and corporations that lent to these countries . 
  examples : - if greece failed , many european banks would have gone with it ( even if there was no international economic turmoil ) - a large portion ( i think 8 or the 12bn ) of the first bailout instalment to greece ( couple of years ago ) went to the german defence contractor that was owed money by greece . 
  i see you point . 
  but having listened to both kke 's radical positions and syzira , i think syriza is only capable of populism and nothing else ( not even socialism ) . 
  in fact , it is the worse kind of populism : promise everything to everyone , even though if you know that none of these are viable and hope that they 'll believe you . 
  i 'm sad that so many people believe them , but i am happy that most did not ( so lucky that we 're still in a democracy ), 
  i 'm sorry but i totally disagree . 
  leaving the eurozone was never a request by greeks or a viable option for the global economy . 
  the hype around this is cause ( a ) by european politicians to put pressure on greece and the other troubled countries and ( b ) by the markets being worried about what might happen and the news agencies broadcasting this worry of course , it is the job of all the parties above ( politicians , markets , news ) to do what they did , so i do not blame them . 
  but i do not bait either . 
  if you want more analysis on why leaving was never a good option , let me know and i 'll give you some pointers . 
  ( tomorrow ), 
  dude !, 
  syriza would attempt to go to euro and say `` you guys clear our debt or we 'll default and demise the global economy '' . 
  of course , they ( you ) would tell them ( us ) to fuck off ( and die ) . 
  btw syriza is not radical left , this is something lost in translation , the more appropriate word for their name is `` progressive '' left . 
  it is also more politically aligned to centre-left than pure left and has many ex-members of the socialist ( central ) pasok . 
  the radical left party is the communist party of greece . 
  indeed but the answer to the great question ( euro or no euro ) is clear : new democracy + panhelenic socialist movement + democratic left = ~ 48 % or more . 
  the above parties are pro-eurozone ( with some of them talking about mild renegotiation of the repayment terms ) . 
  they are also across the non-extreme political spectrum , from right to left . 
  coalition of the radical left + independent greeks = ~ 33 % the above parties were hoping to completely ditch the deal and threaten global economic instability . 
  we would go back to drachma with these guys and it is clear we chose not to go this way . 
  there should be no question on whether we want to keep our commitments of not . 
  the issue now is whether ve * can * do so or whether we need a bit more time or flexibility . 
  these answers should clear the picture . 
  because austerity to the weak and growth to the strong undermines the long-term competitiveness of the weak even more . 
  is europe an equal partnership where everybody benefits or not ? 
   greece needs to undergo some form of austerity . 
  i 'm pretty sure most greeks are ok with this . 
  what they 're not ok with is that there is no plan for growing the good parts of the economy , no incentives , no help from the banks and no assurances for smes . 
  i 'm fine with reducing the size of the public sector but there was no plan to allow the private sector to replace it ( or if there was , it was inadequate ) . 
  also interesting : do you know that germany is implementing growth policies in education and research , while at the same time are imposing austerity wherever they can . 
  surely , this can not be fair . 
  ps : i 'm talking in the third person because i live in the uk pps : and since you have a british flag , let me tell you another thing that is in the process : - the previous election was won by the conservatives because cameron repeatedly said `` we need to cut spending , otherwise we could end up like greece '' - the next election will be won by labour because they will say `` we need to implement growth , otherwise we 'll end up like greece '', 
  dude , share it !, 
  that is arkas . 
  a very popular greek cartoon written by ( i think ) an unknown cartoonist ( probably a team i guess ) . 
  i just realised that they actually publish translated versions , links to bookstores selling their books are [ on their website ] ( http://www.arkas.gr/index.php/gr/8 ) . 
  i assure you they are hillarious . 
  yes they tried to reform some professions ( e.g. 
  the taxi driver 's licencing ) and they have been unpopular . 
  however , even if they did manage these reforms , they would not have solved any major part of the problem . 
  i 'm talking about the problems that drive ( foreign or local ) investment away like red tape , corruption , taxation etc have not been tackled . 
  also , it is not wise to try and push reforms at the very last moment and after foreign pressure . 
  that process looks forced by somebody else and obviously people will react to that . 
  there have been governments in the past that were popular enough to gradually change things for the better , but instead they they only cared about the next election and actually put the country in deeper debt . 
  but i do not disagree with you , yes reforms are unpopular ( nobody likes to change their habits ) . 
  and that is why i am saying that we need a leader , someone who would be inspirational and who will be able to communicate with the masses and explain that the reforms are for long term prosperity . 
  we do n't have such a leader . 
  on the bright side , almost no country has such a leader any more . 
  i will never say that the people are totally not to blame , just that the politicians should get the majority of the blame . 
  after all , their job is supposedly that . 
  it 's not a taxi driver 's job to look at the future of the country ( if you know what i mean ) . 
  greece has lots of unexploited natural resources ( including lots of oil ) . 
  in addition , we have great potential for renewable energy farms ( its sunny and windy in the aegean ) . 
  we also have relatively low wages and relatively good infrastructure that can support business and manufacturing . 
  it could be a very nice place to do manufacturing but governments have failed to retain whatever manufacturing existed in the past or to give incentives for new investment ( the amount of red tape and bribery that you have to go through to start a business is just ridiculous ) . 
  we could also be a hub for university education much like the uk is . 
  we have lots of good and historic universities in greece and many willing students from asia and northern africa that would come to the relatively cheap greece to get a degree from `` europe '' ( the private sector is doing this to some extend but it needs to become government policy ) finally , we are a shipping gateway between asia and europe and we do have lots of very busy ports . 
  we could be building these more in collaboration with china and other manufacturing nations ( we begun to do this to some extend but the crisis caught us midway ) there is lots of opportunity in greece , the problem is the mentality ; we need to get rid of the short-sighted targets and look at the big picture . 
  no politician did that in the last 15 years because no politician was a true leader figure . 
  in many ways this is probably because the potent children of greece have left greece long time ago . 
  that may be but from the comments of reddit , whatever merit they have , it is clear that the jurisdictions differ enough in practice . 
  a good amount of eu-imposed regulation will do good to greece . 
  i have always enjoyed most of the directives and i often thought `` thank god we 're in the eu , that law would never have been thought about here '' - for example the smoking ban . 
  fiscal directives could go for fiscal matter , i.e. 
  minimum wage , retirement ages , tax rates , min/max allowed proportion of gdp for x , y , z stuff etc.
