  employ them to raise charity money and do the admin stuff for the above you could start this in germany and then expand to other countries . 
  however , the best people to ask is not here on reddit but the refugees themselves . 
  the speed is in the bottom right behind the watermark . 
  you can clearly see that it starts with a 2 and is in km/h . 
  no but he is also sitting on a pile of historical success feeling entitled . 
  a line ? 
  in greece ? 
  there are many plausible explanations for this attitude that do not involve the kremlin . 
  those evil bankers accepting a risk for a reward and then feeling too precious to fail when it goes wrong . 
  what facts ? 
  i see no link to facts , just a claim that these statistics exist and another claim that these statistics are wrong . 
  this will not work well , precisely because we 're not 100 % integrated . 
  if we were , there would be no such problems . 
  greece 's corruption and tax evasion would be much less and financial help would be just available , not a subject of 5-month negotiation periods . 
  you 're not missing much by not understanding . 
  they say the '' `` story '' of a passer-by who did not want to listen to military hymns and was then surprised by what they were actually playing . 
  the top-3 economies in the world ( china , usa , eu ) do n't have an fta . 
  yes, 
   the person responsible for signal changes apparently turned off an anti-collision system to perform a task manually . 
  humans , always the weakest link . 
   i wo n't change my mind like some that discovered the crisis only when migrants reached their country . 
  this . 
  we 've been spending money to guard the eu borders for decades now and we never asked from help . 
  now we 're deemed inadequate , accused of trafficking and warned of expulsion for failing to control a problem our accusers helped create . 
  your safeguards are perfectly reasonable . 
  however , many ( almost all ) are already implemented here . 
  it does not change much . 
  besides , the majority of the people coming are legitimate refugees . 
  just to clarify , i was only replying to the argument of / u/mikolaj5748 about the 88m turkish . 
  well on that basis , the 23m syrians ( all of them ) are nothing compared to the 500m europeans . 
  i do n't . 
   basically causing and contributing to the death i understand your outrage , but that 's a bit excessive . 
  vw 's cheating engines have probably * saved * people , if compared to older engines , rather than killed . 
  i wish we could exchange all old engines ( found in cars , buses , trains , ships , factories and the like ) with those shameful vw cheating engines . 
  are you talking about the guy who was sent back to bombeckistan , tried and found not guilty ? 
  also , it was never meant to `` save a tremendous amount of energy '' . 
  if you think your energy saving bulbs are less bright , you 're probably buying cheap or low-power energy bulbs . 
  invest some money and get bright bulbs . 
  who would trust turkey to meet this condition at this point ? 
  i think that 'd be happily accepted by greece . 
  greek is a [ null-subject language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/null-subject_language ) , the subject can be omitted if it has been mentioned previously and thus is in the context . 
  to achieve this level of context we use lots of commas , which are half-arsed sentence dividers . 
  english is not a null-subject language , so the translator will have to enforce the subject every time , which makes the sentence even longer . 
  it 's a volatile situation, 
  it is not illegal to ferry people within schengen , and it does n't even require the carrier to see their passports . 
  yes but anyone with a boat can carry them , can even be done legally . 
  if they were not proven , how are you certain they were arson ? 
  i 've seen a wider view satellite image of that day and it looks like there were similar fires in italy , spain and turkey on that day . 
  it may as well have been the too hot weather combined with littering on the forests . 
  interesting , they have absolutely no problem with the term in greece . 
  in fact , they often call themselves this way . 
  why are you going to extremes ? 
  there can be a legitimate edinburgh-amsterdam boat service , connecting the two eu capitals for those who do n't want to use their passport or go via land . 
  especially given how awful the train connections in england are at the moment , i 'd very likely prefer that . 
  someone may see this business opportunity and set this up , then immigrants can use it . 
  the fact that there is no boat service just now , does n't mean there wo n't be . 
  it does but not quite . 
  if this is decent money then why is oneoftoomany kind of complaining ? 
  and , is this money enough for this programmer to live on his own home ( rented ) and have a normal life ( not just surviving ) ? 
   which is terribly overblown and outright silly if you ask me . 
  correct . 
  which further strengthens the argument that spending on this area should be cut drastically , rather than in pensions for example . 
  however , even with the austerity measures , the only spending cuts on the military was in the salaries of the permanent personel . 
  the alternative to austerity is austerity with a growth policy . 
  but personally , i relate most of the problems to overspending on the military budget for the last 30 years . 
  just [ look ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures#sipri_military_expenditure_database ) at how much we 're fucking spending ( soft by % gdp , we 're in the top-5 of the countries that are not at war ) . 
  why are we spending this money ? 
  for two reasons : ( a ) the threat of turkey and ( b ) to protect the eu border from asia/africa immigrants ( we kinda fail on this but we 're overwhelmed ) . 
  what could have been done ; ditch the military of greece and replace it with eu-wide military to protect the eu border , into which greece would be paying their fair share of the cost . 
  that would virtually eliminate ** all ** fiscal problems that greece has `` on paper '' and would give a strong message about the unity of europe . 
  yes , it could not happen overnight but we could do with a loan in the meantime . 
  once you do this , then you sit back and think why the hell the other fiscal problems existed , what can you do with tax evasion , what can you do with productivity and so on . 
  if what i 'm saying had been done 3 years ago , greece would be healthy by now . 
  however , the politicians are once again proving unable to think out of the box and only able to spent all their wits in temporary solutions to keep people happy . 
  you should be happy that shipping companies still exist in greece . 
  i 'm greek and i have no money to transfer . 
  btw , if you live in greece , you 're supposed to pay tax for any income you have wherever in the world , unless if you paid taxes for that income in the country that generated it , in which case you only pay the difference . 
  i meant that they are using religion as a means to satisfy their followers . 
   radical anything is not good for humanity this . 
  i know , i know ... 
  they were protesting against an international event , it makes sense to protest in english , i guess . 
  besides , the means that you use to protest do not matter , that is what free speech is about . 
  disregard the irony . 
  he is not greek . 
  there have been lots of immigrants in athens recently , they 're trying to get to europe , they reach greece or italy but they 're stuck there ( inducing great expenses to greece as well ) . 
  the greek-native muslim minority is lees than 2 % and they 're mostly located in northern greece . 
  there would never have been such a protest in athens 10 years ago . 
   it 's called constantinople dammit !, 
  and it 's greek , dammit !!!, 
  :p seriously , we have no great problem with istanbul , because it 's a turkish-ised version of the greek nickname of the city ( the nickname was `` eis tin polin '' which literally means `` to the city '' as there was the only great city for many people living around there , we still use the name polis ( = city ) to refer to istanbul ) . 
  it 's not gon na take long for the mad christians of the us to pass to europe . 
  if you follow christian channels you 'll see lots of similarities , they just do n't have critical mass here ... yet . 
  but with the financial problems , the immigration problems , the terrorist threats etc that we 've been going through , it does not take much for people to side with extreme views . 
  this is how golden dawn achieved their status in greece , and i 'm afraid this is not the end of the story , . 
  my thoughts when seeing this ; `` no wonder why people vote for golden dawn ... but hang on a minute , golden dawn is highly religious as well and their rhetoric is not very different than sharia laws ... '' however , i doubt that golden dawn voters will demonstrate the same rationality . 
  however , having to put up with this asshole is not a major downside . 
  just a necessary collateral . 
  you look like you 're repeating what we were taught at school , that we should respect religious symbols and other people 's beliefs . 
  but we were also taught something else ; my freedom stops where your freedom starts . 
  by making fun of faith , i may make some people angry , but that does not deprive them from the right to be religious and respectful towards * their * beliefs .
