  then it would also be good to have a unified tax system and a unified credit checking system . 
  such systems can be centralised and therefore less expensive , more flexible and better equipped to deal with tax evasion ( imagine an eu-led counter tax-evasion unit ) . 
  almost all the above are present in the us . 
  it depends on the cost of the transfer . 
  most banks do a `` cheap '' and slow service as well as same-day services which are much more expensive . 
  when i was getting money from greece to the uk , my father used the same service from the exact same bank branch every time and it took 2-3 business days . 
  one time , and for no apparent reason , it took 3 hours . 
  so , it is not a matter of due diligence or bureaucracy or anything , just a matter of charges . 
  all i know is that i 've seen many threads on reddit where an issue is discussed , i.e. 
  regarding employee rights , and there is 10 different replies like `` in my state x and y is true '', 
  i notice that he 's not very confident about what he 's asking , he also makes grammatical errors . 
  not very accurate but i wish history books at school had a panel of this set in the beginning of each chapter . 
  you post really makes me wonder what 's next . 
  it 's not that easy for small countries to uphold the agreement and it is certainly unfair for the mighty germany to expect greece or malta to take care of the borders by themselves only . 
  schengen is not only about passports , it 's also about general freedom of movement of people ( i.e. 
  you can not be denied entry , you do not need a visa etc ) and goods ( with some exceptions ) . 
  i guess in most eu countries any policeman can ask for your identification at any time for no apparent reason , the key thing is as long as you are a eu citizen , he can not send you back - even if you have no identification , there is a centralised schengen database and eventually you can prove your nationality . 
  this is about scaremongering of politicians to win votes by using a problem that they never attempted to solve as an excuse - disregarding the fact that they will be dismantling core eu values in the process . 
  it was a mistake that the schengen agreement did not enable the creation of eu-wide border patrolling , paid by the eu . 
  it costs a lot of money to effectively patrol a border and prevent hordes of people from two continents ( that is asia and africa ) from entering the eu . 
  instead of trying to backtrack the schengen agreement , they should be trying to enforce it by introducing eu-wide border police and/or military units . 
  by the way , we really try our best to police the borders in greece and we do have one of the most developed militaries in europe ( it 's one of the reasons why we 're broke ) . 
  we catch hundreds of immigrants every day and we know perfectly that if we fail to do so then we 'll have to endure them for long time until they find money to continue to central europe . 
  but it just can not happen with just our resources , we do not have enough people and we have our other problems as well . 
  i want to see what your opinion will be if the uk decides to cancel the north sea oil exploitation freebies of thatcher . 
  well , i do n't know about you but i certainly see a spike and then a dip after each october that is not seen on any other month . 
  the graph is [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/uk_national_minimum_wage_percentage_changes_1999-2010.svg ) and the full article is [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_minimum_wage_act_1998 ) . 
  so let 's fire some people so that we can create new jobs ? 
  minimum wages are self-negating . 
  the higher salaries will be paid by the customers and therefore the cost of living increases . 
  minimum wage is just populism . 
  ( this is one of the problems that happened in greece ), 
  well , i 'm not going to start a debate here , 
  the reason is political : voters are scared of nuclear power . 
  i watched the bbc about an hour ago , they 've ruled out speed as the cause of the accident . 
  nor is a requirement to speak english if you go to ireland ... or a requirement to speak any language whatsoever to go anywhere . 
   you can only sell `` commercially viable '' oil . 
  what is commercially viable depends on the oil price . 
  the `` best case scenario '' is almost never accurate . 
  these estimates : \\ - only consider the `` commercially viable '' oil \\ - only consider what is exploitable with `` current technology '' \\ - only consider what is discoverable with current technology \\ - rarely consider other similar resources like gas etc , if you 're looking for oil , you only report on oil and importantly : \\ - who knows what other sites are `` known '' but hidden for now all the above are likely to change very much , very soon . 
  ps : forgot to say , if we had 2.5 billion euros per year more , we would have no budget deficit , no downgrading from the rating standards and no crisis . 
  the existence of the oil is a well repeated but almost never proved claim of the greek right-wing-ers and conspiracy theorists . 
  in fact , the conspiracy says that the whole greece/turkey tension that is refusing to go away for 100s of years is actually fuelled by this oil and backed by `` foreign superpowers . '', 
  extreme conspiracy-sts believe that there is actually oil all over the balkans and that is why the `` superpowers '' always made sure that this area is politically unstable . 
  if you consider that many oil-rich countries are or used to be very unstable , then there is some reason to the conspiracy . 
  however , i personally believe that we are indeed very lucky bastards . 
  regardless , i 'm sure it 's not enough to not only resolve the situation but also make sure that it never happens again . 
  in fact , i 'm convinced that the oil-money , if any , will go again to big pockets and the greeks will be left witht heir misery . 
  it helps to control them , 
  well , even if there were elections , what would be the alternative ? 
  come on ... 
  wo n't happen in a single year . 
  i insist that charges can not be deleted if there is a pending court case . 
  this law is probably just an attempt to do what has been said in the other comments : taking those with the arms on the government side , before they realise that they are part of the people . 
  and once again : charges can not be deleted if there is a pending court case . 
  charges can not be deleted if there is a pending court case . 
  ok , let 's say you buy a $ 100 bond payable in 1 year with interest 800 % . 
  in one year , you should be receiveing your money back ( $ 100 ) plus interest ( $ 800 ) = $ 900 . 
  next day , you get a haircut at 50 % , this is applied on the capital investment , of course , so your bond is now worth $ 50 . 
  in one year , you 'll be getting $ 50 + 800 % = $ 450 . 
  not to bad at all . 
  and it gets even better if you consider more bond market reality but i ca n't really go into too much detail right now :d, 
  you 're under the false belief that people vote for prime ministers . 
  i completely understand why you believe that ( , because the political parties made you believe that through their advertising ) , but it 's not what the constitution says . 
  the constitution says that people vote for parliaments , not for prime ministers and the leader of the winning party proposes a government which is then appointed by the parliament . 
  papandreou suggested him , the parliament appointed him and that is perfectly constitutional and democratic . 
  ( hint : they are called `` vouleftikes ekloges '' , not `` prothipourgikes ekloges '' ) if you wanted to vote for who runs the country , then we 'd need to have a system like the us one , where people vote for president directly . 
  calm down everybody and let me explain ( i posted this further down the thread but i 'll hijack the top comment because i can :p ) . 
  normally in greece , if there is even the slightest assumption that someone is suspected of committing or planning to commit a crime , he would immediately be arrested ( for one day ) by the police . 
  the police might be informed by anyone and there is no need to provide any evidence . 
  for example , i heard a case when somebody was arrested simply because his wife called the police and told them that he threatened to kill her ( they were being divorced ) . 
  ( of course , if you lie and cause someone to be arrested , the other person can sue you later ) now , what this law tries to do is remove the `` immediate '' action for police officers etc who are on duty . 
  it does not try to grant immunity to police officers . 
  just exempts them from the immediate arrest option . 
  however , i have no idea why would this law be passed . 
  i do n't believe people often call the police to go and arrest the police . 
  no , they are just excluded from immediate arrest . 
  see my other comments in this thread . 
  normally in greece , if there is even the slightest assumption that someone is suspected of committing or planning to commit a crime , he would immediately be arrested ( for one day ) by the police . 
  the police might be informed by anyone and there is no need to provide any evidence . 
  for example , i heard a case when somebody was arrested simply because his wife called the police and told them that he threatened to kill her ( they were being divorced ) . 
  ( of course , if you lie and cause someone to be arrested , the other person can sue you later ) now , what this law tries to do is remove the `` immediate '' action for police officers etc who are on duty . 
  ** it does not try to grant immunity to police officers . 
  ** just exempts them from the immediate arrest option . 
  however , i have no idea why would this law be passed . 
  i do n't believe people often call the police to go and arrest the police . 
  check the `` verdict '' [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/q2d4v/greek_parliament_voted_for_a_bill_where_policemen/c3ub32q ), 
  thanks !!, 
  so it 's not that cops can now act illegally , it 's that they can not be arrested while on duty . 
  they can be sued and/or arrested later . 
  many countries have passed or tried to pass stupid laws that did not stand a chance in courts , acta is the most recent example and also remember the greek law against banning video games in late 90s . 
  the fact that the parliament voted something , does not , yet , mean that greece is not a democracy . 
  if you find a buyer in a couple of months ... 
  if i had money , i would buy greek bonds . 
  because it greece does not default then i 'll get the nice return . 
  if it does default then it would made no difference had i kept my money or invested , because everything will be fucked . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  oh i 'd actually love it if albania , macedonia and turkey joined the eu . 
  albania because we now have close tights and the rest in hope to reduce the territorial claims and maybe improve economic activity . 
  seriously , i did not mind at all .
