  once the bad things are over , we will probably go back to business as usual . 
  there is a greater irony to this , although it 's only obvious with hindsight . 
  after 2000 , when things were good the climate was right for europe to put some order to greece . 
  the pinnacle of this was in 2004 , when otto rehhagel lead us to euro 2004 glory and there was even a very popular joke that `` greece needs her german '' . 
  at the time , the eu could have imposed any sort of regulation and everybody would believe this is a good thing and they know what they 're doing . 
  it is still possible but only because we owe the eu , the opportunity to do reforms without political backfire was missed . 
  well , i have to use a commonly understood language ... and yes , great it savings not made because `` if you do n't do anything , you can not do something wrong and lose your job '' ... that 's kind of the mentality . 
  absolutely correct but the 10 % could be saved by the nhs just by using a bit more open-mindness and innovative thinking . 
  source : i work in the uk doing research on it systems for health providers ( if you know what i mean ), 
  so , a 10 % improvement in the efficiency of the nhs gives you europe for free ... 
   looks like you 're the one ` blaming us and nobody else ' . 
  kind of , i 'm trying to keep some balance here , 
  you seem to be doing the classic ( populist ) mistake of `` everybody is to blame except us '' . 
  perfect !, 
  so now that we 're talking , and after having outlined all these problems ; why is your wrath against the imf , ecb and the eu instead of against the politicians and the powers that be who create the problems in the first place ? 
  well , most countries beat the shit of their population by taxing those who 're working and then giving most of the taxes to the lazy ( i 'm talking about benefits systems , publicly-funded projects that never end etc ) . 
  others are also much more desperate than what they thing , because so far their hiding their problems . 
  the usa , uk and china are good examples of these . 
  if you believe that your country is not desperate , think again . 
  and i 'm not referring just to china here , that applies to many , if not all , the countries . 
  it only takes one wrong sequence of events before it breaks . 
  in greece , it was our over-borrowing and the lack of trust that broke us . 
  iceland was some stealing bankers . 
  spain and usa was some housing bubble . 
  italy is the biggest cashflow problem even seen etc. 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  enjoy the moment . 
  keep swimming . 
  dat chemo analogy is so true . 
  if you ask anybody in greece about the nazi card , they will say it started with [ this ] ( http://p4.focus.de/img/gen/z/r/hbzrzuea_pxgen_r_ax480.jpg?http://p3.focus.de/img/gen/z/r/hbzrzuea_pxgen_r_ax480.jpg%3fhttp://p3.focus.de/img/gen/z/r/hbzrzuea_pxgen_r_ax480.jpg ) . 
  to be honest , however , it is hard to say . 
  these situations are very easy prey for populist media and it is also very easy to get dragged along , even if you do not have an opinion at the beginning . 
  depends what kind of resident they are . 
  if they 're temporary residents ( students , new workers etc ) then they may be breaching the terms fo their residency by committing crimes . 
  but if they are permanent residents then they are treated as everybody else . 
  however , i do think this is fair for permanent residents , since ( a ) it is quite difficult to get and ( b ) you have contributed a lot in taxes ( probably more than other thugs on the streets who live on benefits most of their lives ) . 
  yeah , the question was `` do you believe there is a god ? 
  '' , which is a very bad question to gauge religiousness . 
  i guess most of my friends in greece would say `` yes but i do not give a shit '' . 
  are they religious ? 
  still , greece is shown as 90 % religious on that map . 
  actually , i am not mad against fyrom just because i know they 're not going anywhere in the long run . 
  their ethnic identity is stollen and eventually they 'll realise this . 
  the area they live is soaked in blood . 
  their economy is controlled by greek businessmen and their army is non-existent . 
  their only way of saving them is to join the eu and on that case , they kind of come to `` our '' side , which is good for everybody . 
  that 's like saying that london should be called `` edinburgh south '' because the scottish are also british and i would not understand why you do n't like this . 
  well , i already see some bias towards fyrom in the colour-coding . 
  because they are not using just the name , they 're trying to forge their identity based on our history . 
  nevermind some of them have territorial claims and there is potential to damage historical assets of greece . 
  it 's a big mess , i know . 
  ps : if it was just a name , they should be using something like northern macedonia or such . 
  it 's ironic to forget where you come from . 
  mehmet does not sound like a greek/cypriot surname ( more like arabic/turkish ) . 
  most likely he or his family were immigrants ( or worse : occupiers ) before he came to the uk . 
  which adds to the irony even more . 
  it does not say , and i suspect that 's not the case . 
  greek governments are not too bad in promoting eco cars , there are as many incentives as in the uk where i normally live . 
  yes , it 's all about context . 
  same in greece . 
  makes you feel bad about the people in eastern europe . 
  this is only the first round but my bigger point is that : there * is * some movement towards relaxing austerity , in this case just by `` printing money '' , i.e. 
  nobody pays directly . 
  qe was unthinkable at the beginning of the crisis , things are slowly changing . 
  ( ps : my personal opinion is that qe on it 's own is wrong , i was just answering the question ), 
  you mean like [ this ] ( http://www.ft.com/indepth/europe-quantitative-easing ) ? 
  this is another example of how populistic and completely incapable of negotiations the greek leaders have been for decades now . 
  the story , as i remember it , was that the name `` northern macedonia '' was proposed and accepted by everyone except the greeks . 
  the greek people did not want any name containing the term `` macedonia '' and so the government just blindly followed leading to a deadlock . 
  so the name former yugoslavic republic of macedonia was given as a temporary measure to calm the greeks . 
  the greeks were hoping that everyone will call them fyrom but everyone calls it `` macedonia '' or , at best , `` fyr macedonia '' . 
  if it was named northern macedonia people would probably call them that , it 's short enough , and abbreviate it something like nmc . 
  do n't worry , nobody takes them seriously . 
  they may be third party but the 5 % is not enough power to do anything . 
  the game is between syriza and nd . 
   while pretending to the public that she 's trying to deter it . 
  she recently changed this rhetoric . 
  when you have thousands of people with no papers , some of whom are refugees who you 're supposed to help and some of which being illegal economic immigrants , claiming to be refugees , what do you do ? 
  what difference would it make in this particular situation ? 
  even if the uk was not in the eu : - the border situation would be the same as today ( the uk is not in schengen anyway ) - france would have no reason to keep those who reach calais in control - there would be serious diplomatic pressure to the uk to take its fair share of immigrants anyway - people would just think the british are assholes, 
  this will backfire badly for hungary : - they will be called racist - they risk a riot - legitimate syrians and other refugees will apply for asylum and then hungary will have to host them, 
  in greece there are a few syrian-greek citizens who help identify syrian refugees by accent . 
  massive weapons !, 
  there is a chart of `` applications per million people '' [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/aug/27/germany-gets-27-syrian-asylum-applications-for-every-one-to-the-uk ) ( for 2014 ) . 
  the rank was : sweden , hungary , austria/malta , denmark , germany etc, 
  i know it sounds radical but sometimes i am thinking : the whole population of syria is 28 million , just 6 % of the eu 's . 
  it would barely make a dent if every country accepted their share of refugees while we ** bomb the shit out of the remaining ** , since they are combatants . 
  they can go back once we finish dealing with their country and it would probably cost less than trying to secure the borders from a constant slow stream . 
   if a new executive ca n't be formed , the old one has to continue in a caretaker capacity until after the elections . 
  tbh i like this system better . 
  it 's a caretaker government after all , there will be no new policy , no new laws , no fundamental change whatsoever . 
  on the other hand , the country needs to run , it 's still summer so there may wildfires , we have immigrants at the borders and the schools are starting soon . 
  there is no point in having to go through all the fuss and process of appointing new ministers . 
  the constitution details a process which was followed and failed , the first steps is to seek whether a regular government can be formed by the current parliament ( failed ) , second step is to seek whether a caretaker pm/government from the current parliament can be appointed ( failed ) , the last resort is to appoint someone from the head courts . 
  in other words , that 's the best that could be done right now . 
  just to point out , refugees from syria are not necessarily untrained . 
  syria used to be a normal country , people had jobs and degrees . 
  what may help them very well is some sort of agency that will : 1 . 
  train them in the language of the country they want to settle 2 . 
  help them find a job while they 're being language trained and certainly after 3 .
