the fact that this comment is not downvoted to shit jsut told me one thing : / r/europe is more tolerant of different views . 
  i do n't agree with what you said a 100 % , but ** because ** of it , i just unsubscribed from / r/worldnews thank you and good day ruskie !, 
  the latter . 
  tried to do it from home , just does n't work ( for me ), 
  it 's typically used whenever the fuel switching makes sense . 
  source : electricity trader . 
  whoa what where did you pull this little gem of info from ? 
  the only time plants do n't burn gas is when coal is cheaper with the co2 factored in . 
  that is my point . 
  my home mortgage is longer than that ... what happens after 20 years ? 
  more revolutions , bloodshed and propaganda . 
  fair enough , i think this division is very much a synthetic one . 
  i really fail to see the difference between a ukranian and a russian . 
  so taking your analogy : we are forming friendship with the devil to spite his twin brother . 
  what happens when their family drama calms down and they get back to being a family . 
  who is going to be getting fucked with a pineapple then i wonder ? 
  more positive towards poles , i must admit i was n't too much of a fan . 
  mainly cause it looked like poland was the loudest eu member always blocking and panicking about things . 
  i suppose it has many a historical reason to . 
  one thing still remains unclear , why are poland 's mercenaries helping the ato forces when there are clear tell tale signs of nationalistic and sometimes outright fascist movements within kiev and among ato members . 
  is it the desire to spite russia outweighing the fear of supporting movements on your eastern border that were in some ways more terrible to poland than the oppression from the more distant and bigger one ? 
  or did i get the wrong end of the stick here ? 
  that 's one hell of a response , thanks !, 
  it 's a bit of a mixed bag , i thought poland was the first one to vote in favour of sanctions . 
  and no price was too high to spite the ruskies . 
  at least that 's what it looked like on euronews . 
  now i just think i know too little to form any opinion and the whole conflict is far from black and white . 
  hell it 's not even grey . 
  it 's a full fucking spectrum , with infra and ultra reds included . 
  ok thanks for explaining , it just seemed like you were ok with it or even condoning it . 
  misunderstanding cleared up . 
  wait , so if they were celebrating him only for killing tons of russians then it would all be fine . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  i just want to clear that up before i call you a nasty mix of expletives . 
  i agree with you 100 % , but could you tell me more about lithuanians and poles ? 
  i was under the impression it was poles who gave lithuanians a hard time and not the other way around . 
  i am glad you mentioned the very suspect movements in the flavour of the month that is ukraine , we need to be cautious on who and what we support there exactly . 
  sensationalist yellow press crap . 
  i have no problem with the `` demand '', 
  are you a bot ? 
  this is the third time i am replying to you but you delete the comment before i click submit . 
  in all three posts , two of which you deleted you fixated on russia in my statement . 
  i am not interested in making this into a ukraine vs russia argument . 
  here is my opinion on news sources ranking reliability and with neither being ranked as 100 % objective : western europe  ( usa = russia )       ukraine . 
  hope this clears up my original statement for you . 
  as someone who has been in emissions trading since 2005 and witnessing a fuck up after fuck up on the total allocation . 
  i will applaud once the emissions have actually gone down , rather than `` taxed '' generating 6billion euros annually , but with no tangible effect on anything other than trading accounts and green generation in china , sponsored by eu . 
  although i agree with your sentiment . 
  you should check eur/usd while you are at it , to avoid confirmation bias . 
  it wasn ; t real for all intents and purposes that sikorski claimed it to be . 
  i truly despise politicians who make shit up for some easy points . 
  he is now as bad as zhirinovsky and what 's his name ... the dude in charge of roscosmos , all are clowns !, 
  russophile in the west here , moscow times is useful , but should be cross-checked just like any other news source . 
  i am sorry mate , all sides have been caught embellishing the truth ( or ignoring it ) to fit their narrative in this conflict , but nobody has outright made shit up as much as . ua my friend in kiev said she stopped watching ukrainian tv and is now turning to other news sources for her news . 
  and are in the process of switching the nuke back on after the eu friends knocked you on the money for the new one . . 
  speaking of nazi comments . 
  do you not think it is ironic that you hate kaliningrad for what happened to your family there , yet seem to ignore what your country was responsible for to millions of other families ? 
  time to forgive and forget perhaps ? 
   newfag considering i had to google what newfag was , i ca n't argue with your assertion . 
  as someone with lithuanian and russian ethnicity , settled in england , i 'd like to say `` fuck you '' to whoever supports this `` perfect europe '' . 
  not one of the countries i root for has benefited from this fantasy map , 
  looks like i am ahead of the curve , i already go there once a year . 
  the lakes in lithuania are the nuts !, 
  wow , i did n't realise there was a jury . 
  it makes sense now , my russian wife was calling it political vote rigging by lithuania ( i suppose she is in a way correct ) , but if televotes have to get past the jury it all makes sense . 
  also makes sense why uk got so few points , i genuinely thought we had a decent tune on our hands this time ... :(, 
  as a private pilot in britain , i concur . 
  lots of fields a few patches of forests , nowhere that wildlife can really retreat to as such . 
  yes !, 
  i learnt a very good russian ( i think proverb ) the other day . 
  if you do not feed your own army , you will feed a foreign one . 
  can we get a decent army of our own so we are n't coerced into taking sides in conflicts that do n't even concern us already please ? 
  so many sound-bites , so many clich\u00e9s , you sound very bitter . . 
  but i enjoyed reading your pseudo-analysis . 
  what ? 
  russians were not happy enough with having east of ukraine they invaded milan too ??!, 
  wow ... idiots !, 
  i like the current one , reminds me of jamaica, 
  you illustrate my point perfectly . 
  the west has convinced itself that russia is on an annexing rampage and is about to take over the world . 
  i have no quick solution , but once people on both sides become more accepting of at least the idea that the other side has legitimate concerns/wishes/needs suddenly , political leaders on both sides will find a way to peace . 
  and you getting downvoted to hell for this comment looks like it actually is in line with the european values , 
  i agree , i think it will happen as soon as both sides stop expecting the other side to do all the work though . 
  compromise and empathy from both sides is required . 
  who is we ? 
  i already trust russia as much as any other foreign country . 
  unless we are angry at russia amirite ? 
  while i find your tone highly offensive and unnecessary , you may have a valid point . 
  better the devil you know . 
  i think my reading is just fine , all i see is a massive teen circle jerk , no dissenting opinion ever sees the light of day . 
  no positive news allowed , no russian poster ever gets an upvote . 
  anyway all i really wanted to say is life goes on outside of reddit and russians , lithuanians , and the rest are just good people , wanting to get on with life . 
  it cheered me up . 
  well it 's safe to say you 're just another keyboard warrior . 
  all mouth and no trousers . 
  sure , am at gusto blynine , near vokeciu g . you should n't have trouble recognising me , am about 6ft2 , 17 stone wearing a grey muay thai t-shirt . 
  you have an hour , do n't be late sunshine . 
  that is the sense i get also . 
  i wish russia just let ukraine get on with whatever ukraine chooses to do with its life . 
  i also wish that kiev did not resort to indiscriminate starvation and bombing of its entire regions .
