they 're not even trying to hide it . 
  we get it america , you 're big , and have many rich corporations that will pay money to convince the population socialised healthcare is a bad thing . 
  my sister is dating an english guy , everytime he comes over and the tv is on we just talk and he stares in horror at the ads, 
  [ link ], 
  have you ever seen a irish anti drink driving advert . 
  [ they 're ] ( http://youtu.be/xtjqw--dgl8 ) harrowing . 
  thanks i was looking for that picture to illustrate the point . 
  i am biased but the irish one with the harp fits nicely with our branding . 
  its our coat of arms and on passports , documentation and is recognisable alongside the malta 's cross, 
  yes , but in my opinion it seems to be a religious vs secular issue with the two sides taking their stances based upon how much god they want in government . 
  but in the end this country is at least progressing . 
  well she may have said it , but a midwife does n't speak for the country . 
  its a nice phrase to round up news bulletins but apart from that it does n't hold much weight . 
  i find it a bit too perfect storm , no one is that stupid especially am obs & gyn consultant someone who will have learned that anything that can be used against you will be used . 
  everything else in this case makes me sick but that line is a bit too perfect to have happened . 
  in reality its unlikely anyone actually said that . 
  someone probably heard something like that and the press jumped on it like rottweilers . 
  for a second i thought pfft , how does romania have good jobs ? 
  electronic arts , linux developers ?!, 
  that 'll do pig . 
  thank you for showing me the opposite side of the debate , i 'd honestly never seen it before so organised . 
  usually its just right wing news papers like the daily mail preaching about a loss of national identity . 
  spirituality did n't stop your country having 2 school shootings in 1 month . 
  ultimately for a people who moved from europe to escape religious oppression you are very interested in making us believe what you believe . 
  no we went from believing a hypothesis to not believing and our country is the wealthiest in money and culture it has ever been . 
  we replaced religion with something much better , ourselves . 
  enjoy your life bowing to those who are better than you . 
  because in the last 30 years the loyalist side of ni have lost a significant amount of power . 
  now they feel threatened . 
  more nationalists go to university than loyalists , they get better jobs and now many councils have a nationalist majority . 
  the brightest candle burns half as long . 
  the bacon is under the ... everything, 
  aaah . 
  there 's types of sausages . 
  pork is the standard here . 
  full irish , a few differences like the tomato and wheaten bread . 
  ni has their own version too , the ulster fry . 
  oh right hands up everyone , this is a `` robbery '' . 
  a jeremy corbyn government could face `` a mutiny '' from the army is that not the definition of a coup ? 
  well their rioting this time and being told where to go . 
  nice to see you concentrate on the important things . 
  coup not being one of them . 
  am i the only one who wants politicians to tell other groups what they think . 
  like the un being a group of backseat drivers . 
  and most charity groups being interested in only short term `` photo-op '' humanitarianism and not the long term game . 
  can someone tell the un to do something or shut up . 
  like [ this . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/full_irish_breakfast.jpg ), 
  you know if i did n't have british citizenship as well i would reply . 
  [ folds arms in a huff ] . 
  british , usually because more people know where the uk is compared to ireland . 
  i also found loads of people asking me directions in berlin , probably because i 've got blond hair and pale skin . 
  i was just sitting there waiting for a british person to say this . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ agree ^ ^ ^ completely, 
  its a bunch of burly men and a testicle shaped ball . 
  what else can be done to incentivize it ? 
  back to / r/imgoingtohellforthis i go . 
  the children on the other hand wo n't . 
  so their switching from one religion to another religion despite the fact the religion has been dying for years . 
  is that really how they view us ? 
  as a christian continent ? 
  we do n't dislike you guys . 
  it 's just a few things we do n't like . 
  a tunnel straight to second base . 
  well hopefully they leave then cause otherwise this will drag on and on . 
  bit late now is n't it . 
  it 'll be a good excuse not to talk to them again . 
  so we do n't appear to be rude . 
  we could never match best korea 's sick beats . 
  after seeing him shirtless on horseback it 's probably best he does n't go . 
  dealing with the important issues as always i see . 
  their bombers occasionally invade our territory . 
  also russian spies have also been proven to have stolen the identities of 6 citizens . 
  but their not the first to do that , mossad love our passports . 
  however after reading the other posts , i 'm just gon na sit down and keep quiet, 
  yeah thats it , to be honest i 've never driven on the right so no idea how different it is . 
  haha here shifting means kissing , but whatever your into . 
  just remember a small car wo n't guzzle that much . 
  enjoy your trip . 
  heres a [ website ] ( http://www.pumps.ie/ ) to workout how much the petrol/gas will cost you . 
  its a bit more expensive here i think , just remember this is per litre not per gallon . 
  i 'm more surprised people got it . 
  trapped under rocks in a really dark cave . 
  personally i 'd prefer to be not tortured in a 5 star resort in greece . 
  yeah but i 'd rather not be tortured to death in germany than greece thanks . 
  i would n't want my passport number public especially considering mossads love of my country 's passports . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.independent.ie/lifestyle/mossad-and-the-irish-connection-26823193.html ), 
  i love how they give so little of a shit that they publish the whole thing , uncensored as a giant fuck you to him . 
  why resist . 
  it takes alot of ingenuity to use a plastic fork to eat a kebab after 14 vodka and cokes . 
  imagine if you went on one of those websites and got redirected to a big jpeg of jesus with a judging expression ( i.e. 
  any of his pictures ) . 
  this is just like mum and dad getting a divorce . 
  this is one of the principle rights the eu stands a for . 
  if the english want an exit so badly they 're free to go without it . 
  there 's usually a few riots but nothing too severe . 
  they also have bonfires which a few are located dangerously close to hospitals and houses but ca n't be moved for `` political reasons '' . 
  they 're usually covered in racist and secretarial graffiti . 
  but the people who put them up are n't know to be the most enlightened people . 
  they are having their cake and eating it though .
