  yeah i was about to say n26 too . 
  lots of good articles around about them . 
  that 's true in norway and other nordics and a few other countries but inconsequential in the majority of europe i 'd say . 
  yeah apparently it 's either from `` qing qing '' meaning `` you 're welcome '' that was used to invite someone to drink , some french soldiers around 1860 brought it back to france after the chinese campaign or it could be from `` tsing tsing '' meaning `` hello '' in pidgin ( in canton , china ) . 
  1066 best year of my life, 
  maybe that 's what europe needs so in a few years a norman can conquer britain again and bring back the uk into yurop . 
  you guys need to try making it a thing with the whole population . 
  i think you over estimate ( to put it mildly ) the role english plays in our lives lol, 
  do you also say til valhall ? 
  i think it comes from china though , not from the sound, 
  did you mean onomatopoeia ? 
  i 'm not sure , it 's on this page anyway https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_place_names_of_french_origin_in_the_united_states, 
  there 's a lot of `` paris '' in the us , i think the most famous one is in texas . 
  there 's of course `` new-orl\u00e9ans '' orl\u00e9ans is a city in north-central france , jeanne d\u2019arc was from there . 
  there 's marseilles and versailles in illinois ( and another one in indiana ) . 
  there 's a narbonne and a orange in california . 
  i think they are just areas and not full cities though . 
  there 's also a bunch of `` montpelier '' ( idaho , kentucky and louisiana ) , which is a misspelled montpellier ( south of france ) . 
  there 's also a town called `` citronelle '' in alabama , it 's not a french town , but it 's the thing we use against mosquitoes so that 's pretty funny . 
  ( it 's a plant ) there 's also a city called `` des allemands `` in louisiana literally `` some germans '' in french . 
  then there 's a lot of lafayette and a lot of other cities with french names like `` grosse t\u00eate '' meaning big head but they are n't french cities just us cities with french names . 
  should be this subreddit 's tagline, 
  americans just studying it ( like beginner level ) i do n't really care . 
  americans that can master the language though i respect a lot . 
  ( same for the rosbifs and other anglophones ), 
  you could ask the same question about a lot of capitals that experienced natural disasters lol, 
  interesting english translation lol, 
  the fifth element, 
  the genetics and ancestry thing is unacceptable . 
  like the americans going `` haha i 'm so loud it 's because i 'm italian '' . 
  no you are not . 
  or like that american dude the other day that just wanted a greek citizenship but none of the obligation or duties that come with it . 
  the recent history in europe showed us what `` genetics '' can do and we do n't want that bs again . 
  if people have ancestry and are truly interested then it 's fine but trying to game the system because their grand-father was greek is not . 
  i 'd rather have someone from a different culture and with zero skill than them . 
  i do n't think he 's a troll , he just has weird ideas/beliefs sometimes but i personally do n't mind , it makes us talk . 
  i do n't care , ny is fine , cali is fine , southern is fine . 
  the only thing i do n't like is americans speaking like every sentence is a question ? 
  she must have had a very heavy accent , because the `` normal '' southern accent is slower than regular american so i find it easy to understand . 
  some people from the south have a super heavy one though and it 's hard to understand . 
  i once talked to an older man in alabama and i could n't understand a word , but other people i could understand fine . 
  same here, 
  it probably has to do with the remote control and the numbers the channels are on historically . 
  the number 1 is taken by tf1 ( private channel ) . 
  france 2 is on number 2 ( france 3 is on # 3 ) and it has been that way since these channels exist ( since the 60s ) . 
  france 4 , france o and france inter are newer channels , not historical ones like france 2 and france 3 so people do n't really care what number they are , there 's no cultural attachment . 
  so if they wanted a `` france 1 '' it would be on another number than 1 , and it also would be a newer channel . 
  but then it would be weird because the france 1 channel would n't have the star-power that the name implies . 
  also it 's hard to explain but having a `` france 1 '' just does n't feel right . 
  the 1 is tf1 and that 's how it is . 
  i think you can ask your isp not to have the tv box . 
  it 's 5 euro less if you do ( with my isp it 's like that anyway ) . 
  france 2 france 3 france 4 france 5 france \u00d4 france info arte ( with germany ) are all public tv channels . 
  we have a `` tv tax '' . 
  you have to say if you own a tv or not , if you do you have to pay a tax for the public channels ( around 120 euros ) . 
  there 's still ads during the day but not after 20h . 
  it was fine . 
  you could use both the franc and the euro for a few years ( i think it was 2 but i do n't really remember ) . 
  same for being able to exchange them you had a few years ( do n't remember how many but maybe 5 ) . 
  i was young so not working . 
  it was crazy popular like two years ago , you could have 3 or 4 vape stores in the same street . 
  but it calmed down and a lot of stores had to close . 
  there 's still a lot of people with e-cigs though , just less shops . 
  rome , it was n't awful but it was n't great . 
  getting tickets everywhere , hot as hell , people passing out on the way to the st peter 's basilica 's dome , too many tourists etc. 
  i went during the summer thought , worst idea ever , i 'll have to go back in the fall or winter one day . 
  and when someone makes a grammatical mistake , there 's usually someone speaking up to correct them . 
  so was it dubbed or did they reshoot that part with italian actors ? 
  no , i like it . 
  it 's not every day that i see what swedish or czech look like so i find it nice . 
  maybe this one from [ milka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qg3rk-b09o ) . 
  the guy says `` and then the marmot puts the chocolate in the tin foil paper '' and the lady says '' riiiiiight '' . 
  it has become a popular quote . 
  we do n't assume anything , a lot of us have been to the us . 
  haha nice one, 
  well , i ca n't top that ... 
  [ you 're dead to me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0lnrwvl.gif ), 
  you 're the pastry !, 
  for this affront , i hope you are forced to eat american bread for the rest of your life . 
  forgive them ; for they do not know what they are saying - jesus ; about people that like inferior non-french bread . 
  finally someone with taste on this sub . 
  you only need all that shameless german-bread propaganda because deep down you feel insecure about your bread . 
  french bread only bread . 
  to all of you neighbours saying german , this will not be forgotten !, 
  traitors and peasants all of you . 
  none, 
  yes , real bread , not your bread , 
  no , some people owning castles actually rent them for role playing groups . 
  yep , and cheese . 
  look for the number on it so you can find the manual online . 
  yeah both are great , the other ones you listed are too . 
  just look on tripadvisor at the top stuff to do in each or pick the one you are the most curious about . 
  or look on google image and pick the one with the architecture you like the most . 
  only you can make that choice . 
  just pick one city and stay there the whole time . 
  7 days is not a lot . 
  all that travelling is not fun at all and it 's way too much . 
  i 'd pick barcelona or paris, 
  that 's the saddest and funniest story i 've ever heard . 
  it sure is , i hope the author will get to finish it one day :(,
