  could you give a few examples of prerequisites serbia does n't yet fulfil ? 
  ( i know very little about serbia ), 
  yeah i just read mine is good until 2033 ... damn . 
  it would n't mean the national armies would disappear , we would just have a national army + an eu army . 
  this way we avoid the problems you are talking about while in the same time looking stronger internationally . 
  classic [ 1905 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvfh_6dnrcy ) pop [ 1938 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfvyjlgqh4q ), 
  you 'd have to specify a century . 
  no , only people living in paris are parisians  . 
  seine et marne is nothing like paris it 's very green and it 's the countryside so not at all . 
  maybe in the uk but it does n't matter how the british feel about it now . 
  yes . 
  i see . 
  i 'm just looking for an id that i can carry , i do n't know what genius thought it was a good idea to make a gigantic id card but it 's been pissing me off for decades . 
  do i have to ask for it or what ?? 
  are they the same size than a credit card ? 
  and this is our [ driver license ] ( http://quiz-code-route.fr/imgreduce.php?img=scanpermis14122014brouille&amp;newmaxsize= ), 
  apparently russian prostitutes had a yellow passport back in the days :d, 
  my driver license does n't look like that . 
  maybe it 's new ones ? 
  we have a big ass id card , and an even bigger driver license . 
  oula , i thought it was some kind of statement but no he just did n't know the song they asked him to sing lol, 
  against sweden ? 
  it lasted 4 years . 
   pm singing the french anthem when and why ? 
  i 'd like it to be blue too but the us passport is blue so it would n't be efficient while at the airport . 
  haha yeah i think we only went to war against each other once ? 
  so yes that would be a bit extreme to still hold a grudge , 
  i 've only known the bordeaux passport so it does n't bother me much , the color is not pretty though . 
  i 'd like for the eu citizens to have the same id card too , why do n't we ? 
  the french id does n't fit anywhere it 's annoying to no end . 
  the other things that annoy me are just things that we should be doing and are n't . 
  like more emphasis on what the commissioners do , eu army , an european `` hollywood '' , learning the european anthem at school , that kind of things . 
   i also knew more french people than english people . 
  how come ? 
  yeah , i do n't think of germany as being a rival at all nowadays , which is pretty mindblowing when you think about it . 
  the rosbifs . 
  these days ? 
  it 's still a love-hate relationship , i think i would miss it if we became too friendly with each other , 
  maybe because we fear what we do n't know . 
  if someone never had any friends from another ethnicity or religion they might have difficulty relating to them . 
  it 's the same with gay people , if you have gay friends you know they are n't any different than yourself , if you do n't , you might think they are `` other '' and abnormal . 
  the media probably plays a role because most of the time when people talk about immigrants it 's because something bad happened . 
  i would n't say it was a close call for the french and dutch elections . 
  speaking for france , with everything going on ( unemployment , terrorism etc ) people still chose a pro-european candidate and put him in first place in the first round , so to me it shows french people are attached to the idea of the ue . 
  now imagine what we could do , how it could be if the ue fixed its problems and if it stopped being the scapegoat that it is . 
  as long as germany and france stay strong , without forgetting the ue countries that need help , i think it will be fine . 
  but i 'm an optimist ... 
  the 1998 world cup le pen vs chirac 2002 the euro currency 2002 chirac/villepin saying no to war in irak 2003 the republican marches for freedom of speech and in honor of victims of terrorist attacks 2015 macron president 2017, 
  no , unless you are an hardcore astronomer it 's just easier to wait for one that we can see from home . 
  he likes poetry and philosophy . 
  he was into theatre as a teen . 
  edit : he speaks english fluently , a first for us . 
  i did n't pick anyone , they were people i was hanging out with . 
  fair enough . 
  edit : i just want to point out that french people love confrontation and debate , it is in our blood , it is in no way an attack on op , things can get heated but it is always with the goal of having a good discussion and never with bad intentions . 
  i 'm not offended i was just trying to explain what a lot of american posters do that some of us ( or maybe just me ? ), 
  can find annoying . 
  of course america can make good choices , even dt with everything wrong with him still wants to send people to mars . 
  silver linings ... 
  well yeah i was just talking about `` giving the titles '' so that works , 
  as i mentioned in my post it was a general `` you '' and not a `` you '' referring to op . 
  but it 's your opinion to find it arrogant , it 's either cultural differences or i 'm being oblivious but i respect your perception . 
  how is having a civil debate being arrogant ? 
  not everything has to be praise or jokes . 
  see right there , that 's your problem . 
  you ( general you ) come here asking us things about the us , we answer the things in an honest way , and then you get unhappy and have to go `` in america 's defense '' . 
  we do n't need you to do this . 
  we know more about the us than you think . 
  and life is not a popularity contest . 
  who cares if obama has 60 % approval rating ? 
  right now one of the major thing he did is about to be replaced . 
  so what matters more , 60 % approval rating but things not sticking , or a 4 % rating but people not getting totally fucked ? 
  i 'm not sure i understood you . 
  do you mean do we know literature from english speaking countries ? 
  of course we do . 
  who in europe has n't heard of romeo and juliet or the adventures of tom sawyer ? 
  and i was n't even talking about `` studying '' them , just being aware of them , knowing the titles . 
  they were n't dumb , they just were n't * sure * . 
  but it 's just to say that from our point of view , your education is lacking a little . 
  victor hugo does n't ring any bell ? 
  or le petit prince ? 
  from russia war and peace , crime and punishment ? 
  most europeans would know these books . 
   but americans are in general much less informed about the world than people elsewhere . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  i dated an american for years so i know you guys well . 
  everybody knows half of the american population did n't vote for trump , but even without trump in the picture it 's not like america has that good of an image , not a bad image either , just so-so , there 's bad things and good things . 
  right now with trump of course more of a bad image . 
  when you say americans love french people and french culture , yeah in a way , but they know nothing about it . 
  i guess they like the idea of it ? 
  it 's good enough but as i said , not educated enough to even know what they are talking about ( most of them ) . 
  i personally had two americans tell me that they had to look on a map to make sure to know where i live . 
  they told me so i know this for a fact but you do n't have to believe me . 
  if you want to think americans are educated i 'm not going to stop you . 
  yeah we 'll use the same card for the legislative election in june . 
  the card is not needed to vote though , it 's mostly a fun little thing so you can get the stamps on it but you can vote without it . 
  you get a new card before every presidential election . 
  i 'm not even talking about college degrees . 
  ask an american to give you the title of a book from germany , russia or france , ask them to point to france on a map . 
  most of them will struggle , that 's not being educated in my book .
