  i just looked at a map to see it all and i just found out about [ dirk hartog island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dirk_hartog_island ) in australia . 
  french people apparently buried bottles in the sand to make it theirs lol . 
  we do n't call them civil wars but that 's still what they were so i used it for simplicity 's sake because i do n't really expect foreigners to know how we name them or to even know of them . 
  there 's also the long period in the 16th century , the `` french wars of religion '' ( catholics vs huguenots ) . 
  yes women 's rights and lgbt rights are basically non-existent . 
  these kind of questions really make you realise how great europe is . 
  i like the pop culture from japan , the ancestral shinto faith and the architecture , but i do n't like how people literally kill themselves at work and how oppressive it feels . 
  i could say australia , canada or the us i guess but their culture does n't really feel that deep compared to europe so i do n't know . 
  if russia had a democracy then it would be my answer ( if we consider than only the west part of russia is in europe ) . 
  an impressive history and people . 
  i do n't know , if we base things on election results then yes . 
  i often try to give a `` regular french view '' on things but it 's sometimes hard to do . 
  the only good thing that i 've heard said by politicians/pundits about the us is how your parliament has more power to keep the president in check compared to here . 
  for everything else the examples cited come from scandinavia . 
  how are the french civil wars viewed in the us ? 
  i do n't know what that means . 
  if it helps you sleep at night ... , 
  i knew you would say that about hitler creating good things lol . 
  but you asked why he would be seen positively so i listed some positive things  100 % positive no , some people from the left , and pretty much everyone on the far-left does n't like him . 
  but overall , if you polled the french people , i 'd say that he would be seen positively with more than 85 % of people ( just a wild guess ) . 
  sure i can understand , if an army lead by a foreign emperor killed a lot of french and had invaded the country , we would n't see him in a positive way either . 
  it 's all a matter of perspective , he was our guy , and did a lot of impressive badass stuff for us , we do n't spend much time thinking about what the consequences were for the other countries . 
  he created a lot of good things still in use today . 
  the senate , the council of state , the prefectures , the lyc\u00e9es ( high schools ) , how our justice works , the l\u00e9gion d\u2019honneur etc. 
  all of this changed the society and brought stability and economy after an era of unrest because of the revolution . 
  and the concordat who brought peace between the church and france . 
  when it comes to war he tried to break up the coalitions lead by the uk and made of the european monarchies that were working against france , that brought peace to the country also . 
  it 's also one man that conquered a lot of land , from where we stand , he did a lot of impressive things . 
  so all of this are positives for us . 
  of course this is our biased french view , but seeing napol\u00e9on in the same list than hitler is really shocking to us . 
  in theory , if it 's just a figure of speech then yes , in practice of course not . 
  spain portugal or italy . 
  same kind of weather , same kind of language . 
  we love napol\u00e9on . 
  he 's not considered like having been on the `` wrong side '' at all . 
  for us the wrong side situation would be the vichy regime . 
  rude, 
  yes , i do n't like sleeping with the ac on , i always feel like i 'm gon na get sick if i do . 
  a country does n't need its citizens to speak english to be considered rich , it has no link to how well a country is doing . 
  idk but i do n't see what english has to do with any of this . 
  it 's similar to you op . 
  they are seen as lazy dumb fucks . 
  we do n't even complain about them , we just say `` well yeah it 's a fonctionnaire ( public servant ) '' . 
  meaning what did you expect , of course this person is not doing the job properly , it 's a fonctionnaire . 
  the only exception are the nurses , they are public servants too but are respected . 
  thats amazing lol do you remember what the question was ? 
  til people play online monopoly . 
  `` according to the theory of more recent impact , estonia at the time of impact was in the ** nordic ** bronze age '' :o, 
  i do n't know if people would guess or not but [ l'ile aux oiseaux ] ( http://www.hotel-ileauxoiseaux.fr/uploaded/96631/ile-oiseaux.jpg ) looks like it could be in polynesia or the caribbean . 
  it 's in the bay of [ arcachon ] ( https://www.baptemedelair.fr/uploads/photos/tour-en-helicoptere-au-dessus-du-bassin-d-arcachon-et-de-l-ile-aux-oiseaux_723d4542e82205938ba527b72e6edc72f605d20d.jpg ) . 
  the [ dune du pilat ] ( http://huitres-arcachon-capferret.fr/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/dune-du-pilat-n2289.jpg ) is also there . 
  it is very weird to me , especially in hotels , you hear americans going in the corridor getting ice all the time and i always wonder what they are doing with all that ice . 
  ah yeah , sounds fun !, 
  i 'd like to go without a guide too but im scared i would get lost without knowing the language . 
  have fun , 
  iceland seems more exotic to me , kind of like the cold australia of europe with a lot of cool and weird nature stuff . 
  yes you 're right , i have n't seen a lot of francophone artists so i forgot , 
  no problem bud , 
  how did you plan your japan trip , do you go with a group , are you gon na have a guide , or are you gon na figure it out yourself ? 
  encore = again . 
  we do n't shout bis , it 's called a rappel or a bis but we just scream the person/band 's name . 
  it 's called backgammon , people know of the game . 
  when you buy a `` game suitcase '' kind of thing there 's often a backgammon board in it , but i 've never met anyone that knew how to play it or wanted to play it so i ca n't say what rules are used here : - /, 
  well if you talk statistics the answer to this thread is even more wrong then , because romania , bulgaria , estonia , the uk , latvia , poland , hungry , slovakia , czech republic all have an average age of women having kids younger than french women . 
  how does france do this exactly ? 
  no , most french women in their 20s are n't thinking about getting pregnant . 
  thanks for stealing my post ... edit : my bad i saw you linked to it . 
  damn that looks good !, 
  wish i could order some, 
  tony parker is very famous . 
  i 've never heard of the other person you cited . 
  yes , 
  never heard of it , i only know fifi brindacier, 
  interesting . 
  it 's the opposite here , someone using the new spelling of a word would look dumb . 
  maybe it 's because you had many changes over the years and people are more used to it . 
  ooh , i never heard of trollywood . 
  that 's great !, 
  yeah i guess they should go there then . 
  that 's probably what i 'd pick . 
  no laws at all no . 
  the region is in charge of deciding stuff like transportations , constructions , helping people get job training , quality of air and other stuff like that but it 's more like a `` plan '' that they can make , not laws . 
  is n't is really hard to find a place to live in the big cities though ? 
  i would assume most film industry jobs would take place in big cities so that might be a problem . 
  ok . how is it seen by the public when it happens ? 
  is there debates about it or are people ok with the changes ? 
  not us , when a law passes it has to be enforced nationally , there is no local laws . 
  did these changes take place gradually or all at once ? 
  did it start before you were born or have you seen some changes yourself ? 
  yeah some words now have two acceptable spellings , like ognon ( new spelling ) and oignon ( regular spelling ) but i 've never seen the new spellings anywhere , except for articles talking about the new spellings lol . 
  i agree french spelling is really hard , i feel like english spelling is easier i rarely have to check it ( in french i have to check a lot ) but i do n't know if we should do something about it or not . 
  the only change is the new anglicisms we have now , everything else is pretty much identical . 
  in a perfect world maybe `` person hood '' should n't be used for non human animals , but since most people do n't give a fuck about animal rights it 's ok if it helps protect them . 
  i do n't really know what this status does though . 
  i just remember the story about a chimp ( i think ? ), 
  taking a selfie with a photographer 's camera and people wondering who was the rightful author . 
  `` do n't wash your dirty laundry in public '', 
  not really , at least not when i was in school , you could fail english and be perfectly ok . 
  i do n't know about now . 
  my mom has a pair but she never wears them in public , only in the garden and around the house .
