  they are also popular with nurses . 
  when i 'm in italy , they think i 'm italian and talk to me in italian , same when i 'm in spain . 
  it never happened in other countries . 
  i do n't mind , it 's pretty nice . 
  edit : i 've also had a few people ask me if i 'm jewish , so i guess i can pass for many things . 
   you speak some weird language which i can understand well only when spoken fast i 'm always confused when i hear portuguese because it sounds so much like french ( way more than spanish and italian imo ) but i ca n't understand it so it messes up my brain . 
  i do n't think my teachers straight up said `` look at how horrible this was '' or anything like that but it was of course implied ( more in the mood of the lessons than in words ) . 
  at my school they showed us the `` nuit et brouillard '' ( night and fog ) documentary practically every year , you do n't need extra commentary after watching this ... 
  they also took us on a trip to normandie so i think my school was more about showing us what happened than talking about morals . 
  i got very little teaching about the asian part of things , probably hiroshima and that 's it . 
  something like `` for a fairer sauciety - it 's not a dog 's life ! '', 
  he needs to go to marseille and then take a train to rome . 
  the brunehilde and fr\u00e9d\u00e9gonde feud . 
  it was during the war between the 3 frank kings in the vi century . 
  b was married to sigebert and f was married to chilp\u00e9ric i , both clovis ' grand-sons . 
  a lot of cool stuff happened , i think it would be awesome . 
  probably a mi5 agent, 
  yeah , but for this particular town , the accepted answer is just a problem with the cereal used to make the bread . 
  hard . 
  let 's rip off the band-aid and move on . 
  some years ago a colleague of mine thought the mohammed merah terrorist attack was a conspiracy made by the government ( of course ) . 
  kind of like the 9/11 `` truthers '' in the us . 
  i ca n't think of anything else . 
  oh yeah where my parents live , there 's a theory about the cia having tested mind control in the 50s , hundreds of people got sick and some got sent to the asylum . 
  i kind of like that one . 
  strange candidates plenty but joke candidates are less common . 
  it happened years ago when coluche , a famous comic was candidate at the presidential election . 
  sometimes animals are candidates , a dog named saucisse was candidate for something a few years ago . 
  you can find tradepaperbacks/hardcovers collecting them in every good book stores next to the bd and manga but they are less popular . 
  never experienced one, 
  yeah it would be more accurate to translate paris `` light-city '' in english than `` city of light '' . 
  ville lumi\u00e8re for paris and ville des lumi\u00e8res for lyon . 
  i also do n't know how to translate accurately `` la capitale des gaules '' i might have messed up the apostrophe . 
  yes , or `` excusez mon latin '' but it 's not really after a big curse word because as / u/calagan said it 's used more in formal settings or by bcbg people . 
  no , you can hear journalists say it sometimes when they say a familiar word, 
  we call them `` italian showers '' they are popular here . 
  there 's no real reason except that it looks good . 
  the one on your pic is not an italian shower though , it 's just missing a door . 
  we do . 
  it 's `` pardon my latin '', 
   in some parts of the city it goes even a step further with coffee shops where you ca n't even order in german anymore . 
  * shivers *, 
  i had no idea people needed a french language diploma to stay here , i 'm glad to find out . 
  ( great post by the way ) . 
  how is your french now ? 
  try 7 just to be safe , 
  casinos and european monument replicas in the desert, 
  as you said it yourself , a guy just killed 2 persons where you live , are you moving out ? 
  frankly you have more chance of getting shot in the us than in france . 
  i understand the news can make you nervous but i would n't cancel if i were you . 
  you should go see the 14 juillet ( what you call `` bastille day '' ) parade , the president will be there and all our best military so it 'll be the safest street to be on lol, 
  medical center ? 
  no way . 
  how would that even work ? 
  probably the only jobs they could do would be teaching english to students that need help , waiter ( mayyyybe ) and maybe some companies in tech but i 'm not even sure . 
  first time i see and hear the nissart language thanks , 
  ca n't believe i forgot avignon , i live close enough lol . 
  i did n't know nice 's nickname , it 's pretty well ... nice, 
  we want to believe, 
  yes . 
  la , santa monica , san francisco , grass valley , burbank , and around lake hughes . 
  i like california especially santa monica and san francisco . 
  the only thing i do n't like is wondering about the big earthquake , i 'm always a bit nervous about it . 
  i know you did n't mean anything by it . 
  i was more annoyed at the way we collectively talk about it . 
  i still see articles about our most famous women - like catherine de medicis or alienor d'aquitaine or the louis xiv mistresses etc saying stuff like '' contrary to what might be said they did n't influence in much '' which i find unfair . 
  some of them : gaul 's capital = lyon the phocean city = marseille city of light = paris the sleeping beauty = bordeaux the pink city = toulouse, 
  ive heard like 2 sentences about it this morning but that 's it . 
  unless it 's a big round anniversary we do n't talk about it much . 
  just because they could n't vote does n't mean they did n't exist . 
  what would our countries be without women taking care of the harvests , kids or doing the men 's jobs when they were fighting in wars ? 
  just because it 's less flashy and not talked about does n't mean they did nothing . 
  not really . 
  it 's a respectable one but a lot of it is hearsay . 
  baby boomers yes , everything else not really . 
  there 's a few articles here and there sometimes about generation x or y but it 's not as prevalent as in the us media where you can see think pieces about millennials practically every day . 
  is there only males in switzerland ? 
  very close , i love french history , the good , the bad , the epic , the horrors , the triumphs , the way it was when the country did n't even have a name to the kings and the emperor , all of it . 
  history is all around us in france even in the most rural towns you can find something historical and `` badass '' . 
  i think a long history probably makes a society better than a newer one because we tend to learn from our mistakes and get wiser with time , that 's my take/hope anyway . 
  probably le monde . 
  it was yesterday here also but since yesterday was sunday , the off-day was today . 
  nice !, 
  really makes you appreciate our religious roots , 
  yes . 
  today was one . 
  here free speech means you can say everything you want as long as it 's not hate speech ( or denial of the holocaust etc ) . 
  i think most french people are ok with it . 
  it 's been this way for decades . 
  the problem on the internet is that the servers of the big companies - facebook youtube etc are not in europe and the way they see it does n't align with ours . 
  that 's why europe is trying to push them to be more `` responsible '' especially when it comes to terrorists and terrorist apologists . 
  london , not really by choice but because i lived in paris for a long time and it 's the closest . 
  i 've been to pensacola . 
  the sand was pretty . 
  they had bruschetta at a french restaurant though so they lose a lot of points . 
  depends what you mean exactly by weaboos , if you mean `` annoying people that think they are japanese and use japanese words in every sentences '' then no i do n't think we have a lot of them . 
  a lot of french people know about animes and manga though because we were the first european country to import that stuff so it 's been part of pop culture for a long time . 
  matin - morning 6-9 fin de matin\u00e9e - end of morning 10-12 midi - noon 12h apr\u00e8s midi - afternoon 12-16 fin d\u2019apr\u00e8s-midi - end of afternoon 16-18 soir\u00e9e - evening 19-21 fin de soir\u00e9e - end of evening - depends nuit - night 22 minuit - midnight, 
  thanks !, 
  chocolate vs saussages,
