  it 's not expected for men to kiss each other when they greet each other . 
  they usually just shake hands . 
  only very close friends ( man/man ) or family members ( man/man ) do the bise . 
  yeah but they do n't do the bise to women , they shake hands instead , which is not the proper way to do it . 
  when you are a woman and you go greet like 3 men ( and you go for the bise ) and one of them is a muslim , they will stop you and give you his hand instead . 
  a `` bise '' is not a `` bisou '' ( beso ) though , 
  usually men shake hands when they greet each other . 
  yeah i do n't know why . 
  it 's probably being studied in some schools now because they added women writers a few years ago but i have no idea why he complained about that text . 
  i do n't disagree but i 'm in the minority . 
  yeah , the downside to this is that we do n't study writers from other countries ... edit : or very little, 
  ah , then no it 's not a popular text to study in school i do n't think . 
  macron will fix this . 
  madame bovary by flaubert . 
  flaubert is also a popular one yeah . 
  i personally did n't have to study it in school though . 
  how do you call it ? 
  no , in paris it 's 2 . 
  in toulouse it 's 4 . 
  in the south it 's 3 . 
  it just depends . 
  are n't monarchies in the minority in europe ? 
  victor hugo and la fontaine . 
  i have n't seen band of brothers but i liked inglorious basterds . 
  i like the tarantino movies in general . 
  if you mean in relation to the war stuff then no one complains about that kind of thing , we understand it 's fantasy/entertainment . 
   made from a uniquely american perspective do you live on a parallel earth where most blockbusters are not made by the us ? 
  nothing . 
  muslim men that do n't want to do the bise to women . 
  i do n't care what reason is behind it , i 'll always find it rude . 
  i used to live in paris , and one time i was reading a manga on a bench , and i stopped and looked up for a second and saw a bus full of i 'm assuming japanese people making thumbs up signs and waving at me behind their windows . 
  it was great lol . 
  i meant that they made us learn it at school . 
  there 's now 38 % of women at the assembly . 
  it was seen has a huge leap forward and got a lot of comments . 
  again , 38 % . 
  almost all our big companies are led by men . 
  you still hear comments in every day life that make you go ugh . 
  i think it 's getting better but still a long way to go . 
  even the most progressive of french people can sometimes say weird stuff . 
  in the positives , i noticed that since maybe 5 years ago , equality is almost always respected on tv . 
  ads are also way less sexist than they used to be . 
  here 's a random example : 6 months ago , the text on my cigarette papers changed from `` we like them curved '' ( with a picture of a woman ) to just saying `` high quality paper '' . 
  it 's not like that kind of things is revolutionary but it counts . 
  so all in all , this is not the nordic way of my dreams but there 's small changes happening so i ca n't complain too much . 
  in elementary school , ca n't remember exactly when . 
  all over . 
  mostly asians , americans ( or canadian , ca n't tell the difference in how they speak ) , germans , dutch , suisses, 
  did you find your sock in the trash ? 
  i find it kind of disrespectful . 
  i once knew a russian woman who had been living in france for about 20 years and could not speak a word of french . 
  usually people try to learn thought . 
  i mean the lady marmalade song is very popular so i assumed most would understand . 
  edit : ing\u00e9nu is used also in english, 
  some famous ones that i think are known internationally : lancelot , ast\u00e9rix , babar , quasimodo , belle , le petit prince, 
  month, 
  how about we get une once de ros\u00e9 ? 
  no i have no idea . 
  louise , jeanne , rose , l\u00e9onie , ad\u00e8le , jules , ruben , c\u00e9lestin , oscar , marius , lucien , gaston , denise , in\u00e8s , louis . 
  same . 
  only the fire drill . 
  now thought , kids are taught what to do in case of a terrorist attack . 
  measuring never , but tvs are written both in inches and in cm and pc monitors in inches . 
  all that other stuff , never . 
  it 's just cm , kg and m2 . 
  i never doubted than americans knew about the french revolution . 
  i know we say your high schools are bad but there 's limits . 
  sure , i just could n't trace it back so i do n't really know . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  not really corruption no , in fact , the only compliment hollande got was that he was a very clean president . 
  we had the cahuzac case , one minister was hiding money in a fiscal paradise but hollande fired him . 
  another guy was late paying his taxes and got axed too . 
  my family 's roots ( i only went back to the 14th century ) are all in dordogne ( from the same two villages ) in southwestern france . 
  this region was inhabited by the gauls . 
  an ideological split happened a few years ago , half of the ps was ok with what hollande wanted to do , while the other half was opposing it strongly , some ps ministers even left the government because they did n't agree with most of what hollande wanted to do . 
  same thing at the assembly where a big group of `` rebels '' from the ps was against the government . 
  so a lot of infighting happened . 
  then the ps primaries happened . 
  valls was representing the `` governing ps '' ( he was the pm ) while hamon was representing the `` rebels '' more to the left . 
  hamon won the primaries . 
  but compared to the `` regular '' ps he was seen by the population has being `` too left '' almost similar to m\u00e9lenchon ( there were some talks about them joining up for the presidential election but of course it did n't end up happening , but just to say that they think similarly ) . 
  so anyway , hamon 's score was really bad at the presidential election because half of the ps voters voted for m\u00e9lenchon ( a little more left than hamon , better speaker ) while the other half voted for macron . 
  from the start hamon got really bad numbers in the polls so a lot of left voters just thought it was useless to vote for him even if they liked his ideas . 
  another reason is that the ps was in power , and people tend to like to change it up after 5 years , it happens even when there is no drama in a party . 
  add to that macron 's communication being about getting rid of the `` old politics '' and all that stuff and hollande unpopularity bleeding out on his ministers ( and ps legislative candidates ) and you get the results we got yesterday . 
  99 % of the answers you got did n't come from french people . 
  i 'm 0 % mixed . 
  no , my answer implied that we ca n't just base it on election results and that regardless i try to be general when the subject demands it . 
  and my answer started with `` i do n't know '' . 
  i went to catholic schools too but i 'm almost 10 years older than you so that probably explains it . 
  i 'm not talking about today , more about the presidential election , and i think it does tell something . 
  the prevalent opinion was the one that came in first , that 's what i meant . 
  but anyway the point was that when it comes to serious questions i try to be neutral, 
  wow your school was either very progressive or you are way younger than me , 
  you 've been awarded the vague travel question of the week , bravo , 
  you 're obviously a well educated person , but i do n't know how representative you are . 
  if i were to talk about all these things with a regular non-french or non-european person , i would n't be offended if they did n't know anything about it . 
  taught in school i can only remember for sure louisiana being talked about in passing . 
  maybe some mention about `` new france '' . 
  nothing about africa , maybe indochine but i honestly do n't remember .
