  i am , but i 've been disappointed before . 
  why would the police not be ok with it ? 
  it 's always been like that , it 's just the press following the candidates , they do n't go that fast . 
  i already miss the m\u00e9lenchon bot, 
  danke bb , together we are strong < 3, 
  yeah i think it 's fair to say . 
  yeah , but it still warms my heart , 
  you can always count on the perfide albion to emphasize the nice things , 
  i ca n't tell if you agree or disagree with this ? 
  your excuse is not acceptable then  no worries haha, 
  post it here bud !, 
  urban . 
  there 's problems with schools , doctors , post offices etc closing down in rural areas . 
  i do n't feel like british people do this but americans sure do . 
  yeah , french journalists will go on and on about how low this is though lol . 
  but i agree it 's still really good . 
  is viva a word in finnish ? 
  it changed since i posted , it 's 74 %, 
  they did n't announce the results , there 's still an hour left . 
  you messed it up twice and finally got it right . 
  i appreciate the sentiment though . 
  they 'll show them on tv , so either watch france 24 in english or bfmtv if you speak french , they both have streams . 
  same , between the us , the netherlands and now france , it 's been a treat for politic junkies . 
  and only one of these things turned out being devastating . 
  yes, 
  do nordics count ? 
  they beat all of us at everything , always , 
  this is the paris and suburbs region , huge population . 
  it is lower than usual but it is still very high compared to other european countries and the world so it will be fine . 
  78,69 % of participation is not bad . 
  in france in 2 hours , but switzerland and belgium can post the results earlier . 
  that 's because it 's against the law to talk about the candidates 48h before the election , or they would have talked about it . 
  i 've been there when i was in middle school with my class and i still have vivid memories of it . 
  really beautiful place . 
  sure , water under the bridge , 
  thank you for correcting it . 
  i still think you 're wrong though , just because we know them and some of our friends know them does n't make it universal . 
  ok i was wrong about it not making the news , my other points still stand though , 
  i do n't appreciate being called pro-fn you could have at least looked at my history before attacking me for no reason . 
  you 're delusional if you think glover and chomsky are famous in france , go in the streets and ask people if they know them , ask your parents and grant-parents and let me know . 
  links ? 
  does n't change the fact that no regular french person would know who danny glover or noam chomsky are . 
  the only semi-famous one is the hulk . 
  yeah it worked so well when they did it for hillary why not do it again . 
  like french people care , none of them are famous enough for it to even make the news anyway . 
  m\u00e9lenchon himself would probably be angry seeing this lol, 
  yes , this and the louvre pyramid . 
  untrustworthy source . 
  i have never even heard of that blogscanresearch thing . 
  the `` site '' looks very fishy too . 
  very cool !, 
  i never even thought about the problem of male soldiers having to deal with muslim women that probably do n't want to speak to them . 
  i just thought macrona sounded funnier, 
  macrona is hot, 
  what 's that thing between ireland and denmark ? 
  i was speaking for french people  i know other countries study english way more in depth than us ( not hard to achieve lol ) . 
  it never shifts focus . 
  what you have in the us , your `` english class '' is exactly what we have but in our native tongue . 
  so when you think `` english class '' you think about studying books , grammar all that stuff , well it 's like that for us too but not in english , in french . 
  and for our english class , it 's like what you do when you study a second language ( french you said ) so it 's basically not about literature at all but about the verbs and vocab and basic things in another language . 
  it never turns into `` let 's learn in deep about shakespeare '' in our second-language class . 
  the vision , what to demolish , what to re-build , the bridges , the straight lines , the gardens and parks , the sewers , the theatres , train stations etc were all his so if that 's not being an architect i do n't know what is , 
  georges-eug\u00e8ne haussmann is the most famous one , he 's responsible for how paris looks ( and bordeaux ) . 
  on paper yes but they are real people with real lives , it 's not that easy to move your kids to a new country , a new school , and to leave your life behind , especially when you also have to learn a new language . 
  it 's easy to do when you are young but harder when you have a family so i guess that 's why . 
  if you do n't have money it 's hard to move , how are they gon na move their whole family , find a place to live and a job without speaking german ? 
  also learning german can be intimidating for romance speaking people so that 's another challenge on top of it . 
  from what it 's worth , i 've known a lot of belgians over the years and i noticed that the wallons could n't speak dutch at all but most flemish knew some french . 
  i also noticed that some flemish people did n't want to speak french with the wallons but were ok speaking it with me lol, 
  fillon and hamon were dead in the water so that 's why he got high ( and he had a good campaign ) . 
  i 'm just saying despite the hype he would n't have won . 
  it 's rare enough to have a president from the left , but the far-left , nah . 
  m\u00e9lenchon never had any chance of winning , i was more talking about if it had been a lr or ps president nothing would have changed . 
  yeah and it would n't have happened had it not been him being president , because the majority of his deputies are new and so do n't have anything to lose and agree that it 's not right . 
  what 's funny is that a group of les r\u00e9publicains ( right ) are complaining saying it 's discriminatory lol . 
  shows you how out of touch with reality they are . 
  nothing gets done ? 
  he was elected less than 3 months ago . 
  they are currently voting on ethics in public life so that our politicians ca n't hire family members and other shitty thing like that . 
  i do n't know , when a ceo has such strong views that it makes the news , then you have to ask yourself , do i really want to support that company and the way that person sees the world . 
  yeah there 's many people responsible for the product but in the end the highest person is a despicable human being , and just knowing that , the brand becomes tainted and kind of trash in my eyes lol . 
  ps : no worries , i knew you did n't mean that but that 's usually what the other side throws at you so i covered my bases , 
  to me the difference is , if the person is still alive , and is a rich famous personality , then there 's a chance my money is gon na to a lobby , a politician or a cause i 'm strongly against , and i do n't want that happening . 
  it 's not even about the money but more about the moral of it . 
  i perfectly know that the loss is on me and it does n't change anything in the grand scheme of things though . 
  i would read c\u00e9line because it was a long time ago and i feel like it 's not affecting anyone anymore . 
  i would not read ender 's game , which is a very important and said to be awesome sf book , because the author is a known homophobe and i just do n't want to give him any money . 
  what if he makes a donation to an anti-gay movement or something ? 
  i would just not be comfortable with that . 
  so basically no matter how small and ridiculous it might seem , i do n't want to financially support a person that has ideas that deeply hurt me . 
  i 'd have no problem buying a book by a regular republican but homophobic or sexist people i just ca n't . 
  yeah i totally get you . 
  but there 's also a lot of americans being vocal against what 's going on so i do n't think it would be fair to just avoid everything american . 
  i do n't plan to boycott us entertainment . 
  most creators are against dt so we might get some interesting art out of it and i do n't think they should pay for it . 
  i take comfort in the fact that more than 50 % of americans did n't vote for him , and a lot of them are quite distraught about it . 
  but when or if i find out someone is a dt supporter ( or worse ) then i `` boycott '' them . 
  like i never planned to get an oculus rift but if i had , after finding out he was giving money to the campaign i would n't have gotten it for that reason only . 
  maille for mustard and heinz for ketchup . 
  i do n't care that much about mayo so it 's whatever brand i see first .
