  edit : just to add an important point , people used to believe she was responsible for the st-barth\u00e9lemy massacre , but now historians are saying the massacre could n't be foreseen . 
  i meant people that speak english as a second language do know credit card is used in lieu of carte bleue, 
  i 'm assuming pretty much everybody knows that . 
  when someone gets the last drop from a bottle of wine we say `` getting married or getting hanged in the year '', 
  we do n't have any , well we probably do but they are such a minority that they are n't noticeable enough for people to even have an opinion . 
  it 's more about enjoying things , especially good food and wine ( and sex ) , life in general . 
  side note : i still ca n't stand `` yolo '' being used instead of the way more classier and historical `` carpe diem '' :(, 
  ah ok , that kind of sounds like a lot of steps just to make a payment but yeah i guess for people without a card it 's cool . 
  would you mind explaining how you use ideal exactly and why is it better than just using a credit card ? 
  we just type in our visa/mastercard number to pay online . 
  sometimes , some stores will send you a code on your phone that you then have to type out to make sure it 's really you buying stuff . 
  it 's shitty . 
  i miss the good old days ( like 6 months ago ) of being able to have the us catalogue . 
  epicureanism is pretty much the go-to philosophy for french people . 
  i 've never heard that word before, 
  insults in english mean very little to me , they all kind of sound cute . 
  our most popular brand is called `` hollywood chewing gum '', 
  i love snails but i 've never eaten frogs . 
  germany france otp < 3, 
  becoming one country no , being a federation yes . 
  german and french , with french being spoken by more people in the world ( it is spoken on all the continent by 270 + millions people ) . 
  but it depends on what you are looking for , if you 're just travelling in france , english is enough ( with some basic french words just to be polite ) . 
  the question is more which language appeal the most to you , learning a language is difficult enough so if the only reason is `` usefulness '' i do n't know how successful one can be , you need more than that to keep being motivated to learn i think . 
  in the south yes, 
  the nordics are in a polyamorous relationship, 
  france baise ouais , we have the mont blanc ^ that we share with italy so i guess they are second on the list . 
  i really like the czech republic flag because it looks different but still classy without being tacky , and it has nice colors  . 
  i also like finland , estonia , bulgaria , and cyprus, 
  ever or recent ? 
  if right now then probably patrick balkany . 
  he was member of the national assembly of france between 1988 and 2017 . 
  also a mayor . 
  has multiples investigation procedures and scandals since 2000 . 
  some of them : tax avoidance ( multiple times ) bygmalion case ( shady stuff concerning sarkozy 's campaign ) corruption ( multiple times ) panama papers lying about his assets/property catcalling a minister at the assembly because she was wearing a flower dress . 
  [ a song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os6ioinfmkk ) about him . 
  if you were asking for the most scumbag ever then p\u00e9tain . 
  i agree . 
  maybe bordeaux because it looks splendid visually and the name is already associated with wine and france . 
  do n't forget to go to the louvre in paris and the notre-dame de paris cathedral . 
  if you go inside a church , fancy restaurant , or serious stuff it 's better and appreciated if you do n't wear `` casual '' shorts , flip flops , or hats . 
  12 stars, 
  we call it `` l'enfant roi '' ( the king child ) , i 've never heard anyone refer to it as an american thing . 
  [ le chant des partisans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suzwlf_vukg ) . 
  it was the most popular song of the free french movement and r\u00e9sistance . 
  it is often played after la marseillaise during official ceremonies . 
  yes it 's true . 
  `` public places '' means exactly that : schools , government offices etc. 
  in opposition to a `` private place '' . 
  it 's public because it belongs to the state . 
  he asked for unknown in the world, 
  lol same, 
  in the 60s, 
  you do n't even need a test to find out if you had an english ancestor or not , that 's what genealogy is for . 
  i also think you are mixing up nationality and ethnicity . 
  what no . 
  people already know their ethnicity . 
  it can be seen as being arrogant and showing off . 
  depends on the person and how they act i guess . 
  but it 's not celebrated like it is in the us . 
  not much . 
  we eat them with p\u00e2t\u00e9 and charcuterie ( saucisson etc ) but not much else . 
  also born in south korea fleur pellerin ( ex minister ), 
  i do n't really know if all of them are unknown or not in the rest of the world so forgive me if some of them are . 
  they are all major personalities in france . 
  val\u00e9ry giscard d\u2019estaing ( born in germany , became president of france ) jane birkin - singer , born in the uk ( is she famous in the uk ? ), 
  daniel cohn-bendit - politician born in germany niko aliagas - tv personality - born in greece manuel valls ( ex pm , born in spain ) anne hidalgo ( mayor of paris born in spain ) dave , a singer , born in the netherlands christine ockrent - political journalist , first woman to be news anchor in france - born in belgium there 's many many more but those are the people that came to mind . 
  no you have to go to a neighbouring country to get fireworks . 
  in france they are plumbers lol . 
  we had a whole thing about the polish plumbers `` stealing our jobs '' a few years ago . 
  obligatory `` username checks out '' comment . 
  word . 
  yeah i think it 's on duolingo . 
  i 'll do it eventually but i think i want to learn italian first . 
  of course it 's legal , the difference is with where you can gamble . 
  in france you ca n't play the slot machines in a pub for example ( or play poker for money ) . 
  you can only do it in a casino . 
  in some countries it 's perfectly normal to see them , like i know they can do it in australia and it 's not a poor country . 
  fear not , the government still has a way to make money out of poor or unhappy people , what we have instead are little `` games '' : cards you can buy at the bar that you scratch to see if you have won money . 
  it 's not considered gambling . 
  and of course we also have the lotto and euromillion that you can buy in press/tobacco/pub stores . 
  yes a lot of our military units have traditions going back to the imperial guard under napol\u00e9on ( like our republican guards now ) or the ancien r\u00e9gime ( 15th century ) . 
  each unit have a number so the history is also about the number of one particular unit and not the whole corps so each units continues the different traditions , especially in how they dress . 
  during the military parade that takes place on the 14th of july , our tv commentators explain to us the different traditions and where it comes from , there 's literally hundreds of them . 
  probably why the helsinki fashion week is in its infancy :p, 
  yeah , it 's mostly because acronyms in english use the exact same letters but in a different order so it 's sometimes hard to remember them in english . 
  ( except for the ones used a lot like aids or nato ), 
  it just looks horrendous, 
  a toilet plunger or tools , are n't you all plumbers ? 
  i wanted to understand what singers/actors were saying . 
  catalan . 
  seems like a waste not to considering how close to french it is . 
  also swedish but it 's not gon na happen , mostly because immersion seems impossible . 
  it 's just the proper way to write for us , 
  www.pap.fr www.leboncoin.fr www.seloger.com they 're all in french . 
  yes i do it too . 
  i also think acronyms in french . 
  everything about it is great but one good thing is probably being able to go to the ocean or the mediterranean for vacation without having to spend too much since we do n't have to leave the country . 
  also seeing all the different eu car plates during summer is fun . 
  the worst ? 
  algae , jellyfishes , the mediterranean can be gross in some places .
