  of course my opinion might be biased because i 'm not voting for him , if you want maybe more positive opinions of him you can ask / r/france edit : between m\u00e9lenchon and macron , macron would probably win . 
  why ? 
  and do you think it might really change ? 
  i do n't know , it seems to work in the gop 's favor so i do n't see them accepting any kind of change . 
  looks like the dems are the ones always getting screwed with that system . 
  what about it ? 
  could happen but it 's not the most realistic scenario but who knows . 
  it 's between mlp , macron , fillon and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  any one of them can make it to the second round . 
  the french system is very different from your electoral college mess though . 
  if every vote had counted dt would n't have been elected . 
  yeah she 's kind of a french dt , but in her defence ( ew ) she 's still not as dumb as him . 
  there 's very little chance that she 's gon na be elected though . 
  second round , yeah probably but winning ? 
  very long shot . 
  i think way more europeans travel outside of europe compared to americans traveling out of the us . 
  for one thing , most of us europeans want to see the new world ( usa ) . 
  there 's also a lot of europeans going to asia and africa for vacation . 
  what do you want to know ? 
  it would be even more humiliating . 
  plus some of the ministers still support him ( not a lot but some ) . 
  so no i do n't see it happening . 
   i sometimes like to entertain the idea of mlp not being at second round . 
  she has been losing traction lately and we could have a surprise . 
  i would just love to see her face if she does not make it to second round after everyone pretty much assumed that she would be there for months . 
  yes i have been fantasizing about that scenario too . 
  i agree that it 's not out of the question . 
  m\u00e9lenchon / macron would be fun . 
  yep, 
  i second italians/romans . 
  really awful experience there driving-wise . 
  and i 'm from paris . 
  it 's just another level there . 
  i do n't know where you are from . 
  i 'm guessing only french and german people know of him , 
  i only know of daniel cohn bendit , he 's a franco-german green politic . 
  he had a long and successful career in both germany and france ( got elected in both countries ) but not at the same time . 
  he was a member of the european parliament for the german greens and then for the french greens . 
  i know it does n't really answer the question , my guess is that it 's not possible , you probably have to chose a mandate and i also do n't think the general public would find it appropriate . 
  yes he can burn out , as i said nothing is certain and the 4 candidates i talked about can all be in the second round . 
  keep your money . 
  because hamon is really low ( 8 % from today 's poll ) so a lot of people that could have voted hamon are now gon na vote m\u00e9lenchon because they feel he might have a better chance . 
  also he speaks really well and is very educated/funny . 
  his campaign is really well made . 
  poor hamon on the other hand struggled from the start with a lot of people leaving him for macron . 
  mlp is far from being my favorite  . 
  i 'd say mlp/macron and macron winning but it 's more wishful thinking than anything . 
  we ca n't know . 
  4 of them are really close ( mlp , macron , fillon , m\u00e9lenchon ) so it 's impossible to say . 
  the consensus is that mlp is gon na make it to the second round . 
  she loses no matter who she faces . 
  ( according to the polls and that 's what i think too ) ps : sorry for answering even though i 'm not a boy . 
  one of my grand-mother had to flee paris because they had no food , she saw people getting shot when she was a child while on the road . 
  i have never heard her say anything really that bad about the germans , only small jokes and references here and there . 
  another grand-father i remember him complaining also about how hungry he was and how he had wished he could have joined the war ( he was a child too at the time ) . 
  for my other set of grand-parents , wwi impacted them more , my grand-father lost his dad in wwi but i do n't remember any conversations about it i was too young . 
  i 'd say old people do n't have that bad of a resentment , they know germans living now are n't responsible . 
  ( i ca n't speak for french-jewish families though ) . 
  it 's more of a `` forgive but not forget '' type of things for everyone old and young . 
  probably in the same way that french and spanish are taught in the us . 
  you have to pick a language and learn it but it does n't mean you 're gon na be good at it or even listen in class . 
  so yes english is taught to pretty much everyone now i think but it does n't mean most french people know how to speak it ( far from it ) . 
  it seems to me that the younger generation is doing a little bit better but still not good at all compared to some other european countries . 
  i see . 
  an easier solution would be to bring a laptop and just look for free streams . 
  i do n't think you 'll be able to find your games in bars . 
  enjoy your trip . 
  would n't that be in the middle of the night for us ? 
  ( sorry i do n't know anything about nba ) . 
  ooh yes !, 
  i think it does fit his question , it 's kind of like a reenactement theme park . 
  i really do n't know anything about that kind of thing . 
  but attacking nk seems like a very risky and selfish move even if you think the us can stop them . 
  you 're right maybe i should have worded all this better , it 's just the two cities that immediately came to my mind . 
  they can already nuke seoul and tokyo , they have nuclear weapons . 
  what they ca n't do is nuke the us because it 's too far and their nukes are n't that good apparently . 
  ( from what i remember hearing on tv with people that seemed like they knew what they were talking about ) . 
  so the us attacking would be very selfish if you ask me . 
  no i would be very nervous for south korea and japan . 
  tokyo ( pop 14 millions ) and seoul ( pop 10 millions ) are very close and i really fear what would happen to the people living there if the us were to attack nk . 
  where i live there 's a lot of [ roman empire reenactement ] ( https://www.francebleu.fr/s3/cruiser-production/2016/04/c8686d23-f3ef-4276-b657-f5c4841df123/870x489_jzeux_romains.jpg ) ( gladiator fights , roman army that kind of thing ) during the summer . 
  concerning the whole country , i know they did [ verdun ] ( http://www.il-y-a-100-ans.fr/sites/default/files/imagecache/grandeguerre_alaune_large/articles/ophotos/2016/05/28/348690677_b978788597z.1_20160528190201_000_gej6suj10.2-0.jpg ) ( wwi ) this february ( both [ german and french ] ( http://www.il-y-a-100-ans.fr/sites/default/files/imagecache/grandeguerre_alaune_large/articles/ophotos/2016/05/28/1822378371_b978788597z.1_20160528190201_000_gd86stcnb.2-0.jpg ) people in costumes ) . 
  but without the fighting . 
  and i know people did the austerlitz battle not long ago ( when napol\u00e9on beat russia and austria 's armies ) . 
  people from 12 different countries came to do the reenactement . 
  there 's a [ video ] ( http://www.24heures.ch/monde/bataille-austerlitz-reconstituee-costumes/story/23062293 ) if you 're interested there 's also medieval festivals where people come in medieval armors , with horses and lances and do medieval duels on horses , and other people dressing as peasants or merchants etc, 
  are n't you the one who brought up that restaurant review when it had nothing to do with the conversation ? 
  i do n't know what answer you expected when you start with `` the state of croissants in paris has declined rapidly in recent years '' . 
  it 's so over the top that when it comes from an american that probably never even tasted one i 'm of course inclined to defend them . 
  where in my post did i blame the guardian or talk about conspiracy ? 
  if you do n't know how notoriously anti-french some of the english press can be then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  if it pleases you to believe that french food is awful go ahead . 
  even an industrially made french croissant is probably a million times better than a home made american one so it 's all good . 
  oh i had no doubt that you could find anglophone sources saying how france is in decline and even the croissants are now shitty . 
  that 's not a surprise , friend . 
  and yes that le cinq review made the rounds in the french press also . 
  as you can imagine we were n't happy about it . 
  what a dramatic statement , do you work for fox news ? 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  if people notice a croissant is not `` home-made '' they just have to walk 5 mins and go to another bakery .
