  i do n't see what 's wrong with `` the czech republic '' . 
  we have the same in french with r\u00e9publique tch\u00e8que and tch\u00e9quie but no one uses tch\u00e9quie , you would kind of look weird using it . 
  i can think of two , the broc\u00e9liande forest , a mythological/legendary forest in brittany ( merlin 's tomb is there ) and the beast of g\u00e9vaudan , a wolf , dog or werewolf in south central france that killed between 88 and 124 people between 1764 and 1767 . 
  well yeah but nowadays there is zero chance of this happening . 
  being in a country that `` matters '' feels nice but there 's a lot of pressure that comes with it . 
  do we go to war , do we not , is your president doing good enough with/against merkel . 
  there 's just a lot of expectations that come with it and you can never make everyone happy . 
  from my point of view being from a smaller country seems very nice . 
  but yeah the grass is always greener ... , 
  the upsides are the downsides you listed . 
  you are left in relative peace and are not dragged into unneeded drama . 
  make the milky way great again, 
  they are mostly on fire stations , and yes they would be needed in case of natural disasters , fires , that kind of things . 
  i 've personally never experienced them being used , only during the tests . 
  do n't worry it 's confusing for us too . 
  you 're welcome for the trick lol , although try not to do it longer than 2 weeks or people will notice , 
  they just mean sirens that make a lot of noise , just emergency sirens . 
  air sirens is what they are called . 
  you have kinder surprise in your bakery ?? 
  i 've never seen any in bakeries . 
  i 'm in paca now and have n't seen any anywhere and trust me i looked :(, 
  to make sure it works . 
  where did you find your kinder surprise ? 
  i 've been looking for them for months ( not really lol ) and ca n't find them anywhere , i was starting to wonder if maybe they got banned because i know they are in some other countries ( because of kids choking on the toys ) . 
  did you have to build the toy or was it a one piece toy ? 
  in france it 's either 2 , 3 or 4 depending on where you live . 
  i 'm from paris so 2 is the norm but where i live now it 's 3 which i find very annoying , in some places it 's 4 !, 
  you better plan to arrive early if you want to have enough time to greet everyone . 
  since it is not done everywhere the same you always have a bit of funny awkwardness when you first meet someone not from where you are with a lot of `` oh sorry it 's 3 for me '' or `` how many do you do '' kind of thing . 
  yes that 's it thanks !, 
  i guess they 're just called `` roll ' up '' . 
  oh yeah i remember them , especially the distributeur ones haha , it did n't really matter what was inside . 
  also the [ necklaces and bracelets ] ( https://i.skyrock.net/9271/87449271/pics/3153824946_1_2_vnqtnt44.jpg ) made of candy, 
  japan , qu\u00e9bec , australia , nz . 
  `` screams into pillow '', 
  that should be in a class about how to kill a brand . 
  do you remember the name of that candy that was a huge roll of pink chewing gum , it was in a round pink box . 
  i know i loved it but ca n't remember what it was called . 
  well it has to be said that it 's much easier to do when you do n't have mountains or any hills :p, 
  how is hugging not awkward though ??? 
  you never know how long to stand there , how much you should squeeze etc lol . 
  at least the bise is quick i do n't really see how you can mess it up . 
  no explanation needed  . 
  i 'm guessing we would get help from other countries , we would get rid of the queen , the lords , and the lawyers-wearing-wigs . 
  then we would split england between france and the other countries that helped and bring it back into the ue . 
  we 'd also give the other uk countries their independence and become heroes in the process . 
  malabar was my first thought too . 
  that logo change is an abomination . 
  haha . 
  i do n't know , in the us , they hug , i find it way more invasive if you ask me . 
  but yeah i get where you are coming from but since we 're raised doing it it does n't really register as something uncomfortable . 
  edit : there 's also the nice little trick every french knows , which is to say that you are sick and ca n't do the bise . 
  and voil\u00e0 you are bise-free for a week . 
  you can extend that trick longer during the winter , 
  first wednesay of the month here , 
  ha that 's neat !, 
  i wonder if chinese students also learn about how they discovered it first :d, 
   war on terror ( with a chapter on 9/11 and its geopolitical consequences ) wow i never thought about that , i was in high school when 9/11 happened so i obviously did n't get to study it . 
  what grade were you in when you had the war on terror chapter ? 
  the bise ( kisses on the cheeks ) . 
  had no idea other countries do n't do it . 
  i always have to remind myself when not in france that no , people are not being rude , they just do n't do the bise . 
  oh yeah that owner guy is pretty famous , there 's a documentary about him on netflix . 
  they love him because he 's pretty much the only foreigner that 's in love with nk so they gave him a bunch of titles and medals and all that stuff . 
  so weird . 
  i know a ( french ) girl that went there a few times , she works in an university in england and her subject is north korea . 
  she did n't have any problem but she told me she had a guide following her everywhere ( as we all know ) . 
  they did n't check what she wrote or her pictures since it was n't needed because of the spying guide . 
  but with your background i would n't recommend it . 
  i do n't know much about it but she told me that she never feels safe and always wonders if she 's gon na be able to get out . 
  yes it 's on november 11 ( the end of wwi ) . 
  it is called something like `` annual commemoration of victory and peace '' and is also used to remember all the soldiers who died for the country . 
  they are our military police but they are also in charge of the security in rural areas . 
  i did n't get the chance to watch the debate yet ( watching it tomorrow ) but from the clip posted it looks like she 's talking about her far-right militants , saying something like `` they are in the countries , they are everywhere , they are on social media ... `` but the clip starts after the conversation has begun so i 'm not 100 % sure on the context . 
  i 'm sure another french will help , if not i 'll let you know tomorrow . 
  we do n't have a federal government . 
  we have 2 police forces , the gendarmerie nationale which is part of the army , so it 's under the government , and we have the police municipale which is the local police . 
  i 'm not aware of it , maybe ? 
  i have a friend living there and he can not shut up about how it 's the purest place to swim so i 'm guessing it 's safe ? 
  i personally never swam in it i do n't know : - /, 
  lol, 
  usenet , spotify premium , and netflix . 
  honestly i would get rid of netflix but i gave my password to my parents and they use it a lot so i 'm keeping it for them . 
  i must have been nordic in a past life , i just spent 10 days in the us and i 'm fucking drained . 
  all the small talk really made me want to die . 
  can france into nordic plz ? 
  i want to see the second season of the spanish show vis a vis ( `` locked up '' in english ) . 
  the first season aired in the uk and i watched it and liked it . 
  ( i speak zero spanish so i need subtitles ) . 
  i heard the show got cancelled though so meh . 
  yeah most of them are really cheesy , the only one i really loved is iris , it 's a spy/action show , the actors were really good and the story was good , give it a try , 
  the lake annecy , it is the cleanest lake in europe . 
  same here , we do n't have gangs , we have extremists jihadists . 
  i 'd rather have gangs ... 
  t\u00e9l\u00e9phone is probably considered the greatest band of all time . 
  the montgolfier brothers . 
  you do n't have to / s , both of these things are compliments , 
  yeah depending on what op is thinking it 's either flattering or not , and i 'm getting ready to pull out my mini-guillotine . 
  we do n't have majors either but from 2013 the most popular degrees were : * literature and social science - 284 498 * law , political sciences - 121 522 * economy - 117 940 * sciences - 140 620 * sports - 35 074, 
  i 'm gon na piggyback on this and say that i learned how close the nordics are , i kind of assumed that it was like a france/italy/spain kind of thing but no it 's way more than that .
