  how do you pronounce ivo ? 
  and do you say eeva or eyva ? 
  wow it was way off for me lol , still fun to do thanks . 
  yeah it 's pretty much like the us , if there 's public wifi it 's usually slow and shitty . 
  well then it should say if there 's wifi or not, 
  where are you staying ? 
  if you stay in hotels there 's wifi . 
  public wifi is not that widespread but it 's always available at mcdonalds, 
  you answered the opposite of what the thread is about lol, 
  i was 13 lol so i enjoyed it immensely . 
  i think it 's worth it for scuba diving alone , i remember the food being really good and people nice but not much else . 
  yeah that would have been my answer too . 
  everytime old maps are posted on / r/europe the portuguese/spanish border looks the same, 
  i would not like to see the french president disappear, 
  i got las vegas . 
  but there 's a few things where i had to say `` no word for this '' . 
  i 've been to la martinique, 
  how are we freaking out ? 
  it 's just not helpful . 
  people with eu flag often say where they are from when they answer questions . 
  but anyway if your goal is to get attention then congratulation i guess . 
  you 're not making a grand statement about your philosophy by not picking your flag on a pretty niche subreddit . 
  it just makes the conversations easier when we can see where people are from . 
  so rebellious and unique ... 
  in the way they are chosen yes , but i really do n't think the problem is with `` one country , one commissioner '' . 
  just imagine a country not having a commissioner for years , what do you think would happen in that country during that time ? 
  probably the anti europe would jump at the occasion . 
  i just fear that anything that does n't `` look '' egalitarian would be used against us . 
  yeah i 'm not for a rotation . 
  to me this is giving ammo to anti european parties . 
  what would the alternative be ? 
  i find the way it is now is fair . 
  i saw it a few years ago and really liked it . 
  i do n't mind the uk accents actually ( even though some of them i can barely understand ) , but you guys speaking french is not pretty to me . 
  h\u00e9h\u00e9 same, 
  softball, 
  maybe monaco ? 
  it 's just a guess i have no idea, 
  i do n't see how being aware = being controlled by their past . 
  germans starting to `` worship '' the flag ( what this thread is about ) would still make some people nervous , that 's just how it is . 
  but i 'm not german so i 'm not gon na speak for them . 
  you could be right but that 's not how it feels to me anyway . 
  maybe in the last few years yeah . 
  have you ever met people that are true handball fans ? 
  with rugby it 's not hard to find people really into it but i do n't know how true this is for handball . 
   especially in the case of certain ones , like germany , who still lets the past control their present in some ways . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's still fresh in the other countries minds and of course the germans know it , they are just being mindful i think . 
  i do n't know how the british or french would have reacted had history been different , but i find the way germany deals with its past very classy and inspiring . 
  right back at you, 
  the romance bros and the germans . 
  it 's just weird seeing that the outside view is that we worship it  i do n't mind it 's just that i never really saw it in this way i guess . 
  not even comparable imo . 
  the resurgence in the french flag is pretty new , for a long long time it was seen as being an extremist . 
  i 've also never seen a building in france with 10 french flags on it . 
  alright , better to avoid it then . 
  do you like lettonie ? 
  would n't that be `` land of the angles '' like in french `` angleterre '' ? 
  spaniard really sounds like an insult to me , i do n't like when people use it . 
  i found out that it was n't not that long ago . 
  ze france, 
  only i know for sure what my true intent was :p, 
  no i do , i was just having fun with the whole english-french rivalry , 
  sure but speaking for french people , hope none of them mind lol , but questions like `` do you think there should be more religion at school '' or something to that effect is really mind boggling . 
  no french person would think that . 
  so of course for the test we might seem ` anti-religious ' but it 's only in comparison to the americans who are way more religious than us . 
  but yeah it 's still fun to do . 
  also i read `` statist progressive '' as `` sadist progressive '' : /, 
  i hereby declare you honorary french  where are you from ? 
   english is just the bastard you were that close to getting gold , 
  i think he means like when you have to chose your country on a website , they write `` united states '' and `` united kingdom '' but `` the netherlands '' and not just `` netherlands '' . 
  thanks , 
  i know it has nothing to do with the conversation but i 've met americans that were convinced that english was a romance language , always made me laugh that one . 
  they wish !, 
  that test is bs for most europeans , because it is made for americans and you can really tell . 
  but anyway i got [ social liberalism ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kwew4bd.png ) like 99 % of everybody else on / r/france, 
  i wonder if the dutch find it ok when we call it olandese/hollandais . 
  can a dutch person tell us ? 
  so i 'm guessing prantsus or prantsu means france but what is sma or maa ? 
  ooh that 's very cool !, 
  who are you calling anglos, 
  i love `` eesti '' , i wish it was called that in english and french . 
  the sauce is `` hollandaise '' ( feminine version ) so it is the same but without the `` z '' sound at the end so it 's like `` hollandai '', 
  with fillon , it was the first time in my life that i 've seen an important politician use religion as a selling point . 
  it really annoyed me to no end . 
  the fact that he supported the most extremist of catholics did n't help . 
  we really dodged a bullet there !, 
  i still find it confusing tbh , there 's the plural thing in french too , i think that 's mostly what confuses people ( me ) . 
  it 's not like i do n't know how it works , it 's just that it 's always a little weird and i often have to make sure i 'm not messing it up . 
  then there 's the language thing , we are supposed to say n\u00e9erlandais in french , but the name of the country is pays-bas , so it 's just easier to call the language `` hollandais '' because n\u00e9erlandais does n't resemble the name of the country at all . 
  aside from english i like that the germans call it frankreich . 
  i also like the name in estonian , i ca n't remember what it is but it starts with a p. also in maori france is called wiwi from oui , oui lol, 
  you 're both right . 
  banlieue is supposed to mean everything around paris but in the way it is used in every day life it does n't mean versailles or neuilly . 
  also op is a troll and i 'm sure he never went to france . 
  ca n't even name where he went and only one post . 
  lol it 's the area where brussels is , brussels is a touchy subject . 
  * ahem *, 
  because going on strike can work . 
  here are the two main ones : 1936 : 2 millions of people on strike , le front populaire ( the left , revolutionaries etc ) wins the elections ( they actually won before the strike , but the strike took place before the government was made , people were putting pressure on the left leaders ) , giving us paid vacations , +20 % salary and hours of work per week went from 48h to 40h .
