  yes , i just thought op was asking about regular electric bicycles that do n't go over 25 km/h , not regular scooters . 
  nope , but french people might get better at english in 2 or 3 generations . 
  i thought he meant bicycle not motorbike . 
  ah , we just call them electric bikes . 
  i 'm currently thinking about getting one . 
  right now the government gives you 250 euros ( until january ) if you get one . 
  they 're not super common but not unheard of either . 
  you would n't look weird or special for having one i do n't think . 
  whats a moped ? 
  i remember those like it was yesterday . 
  that shit lasted like 10 hours lol . 
  ugly giants ( why ?! ), 
  just marching slowly in the streets . 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'd be shocked . 
  i 've been ashamed everytime we 've had to do anything like that . 
  it 's years away but i already have second hand embarrassment about it . 
  it 's probably gon na be david guetta and moulin rouge dancers throwing baguettes in the air , with kids dressed up as mini eiffel towers . 
  i was reading a manga called '' nana '' on a bench in paris one afternoon , a bus full of japanese people saw me and smiled/waved/thumbs-upped me . 
  someone came up with `` xennials '' . 
  i 'm also like you and feel like im between generations . 
  thanks , i 'll have to try it out, 
  do you play on console or pc ? 
  do you have to pay to get good cards ? 
  firewatch is really short , like 5-6 hours but it 's worth it imo . 
  it 's beautiful and the story is cool . 
  the voice acting is really good . 
  wandering in the forest by yourself is great and all of a sudden the story hits you . 
  life is strange is kind of like the telltale games in how it plays , but with a twist . 
  the characters are what make the game good , they feel real . 
  the mystery is interesting , the soundtrack is cool , it 's just an enjoyable world and story all around . 
  how 's the gwent game ? 
  mass effect 2 is also my favorite game of all time !, 
  aw too bad you do n't play on console we could have played together . 
  1 ) ah , well i do n't know enough about the shady stuff they do , i know it 's harder for the black and latino population to vote but i never really looked into why or how they do it , i know it 's a problem though . 
  but even with all this it 's still a democracy . 
  it just needs a lot of fixing like most democracies out there . 
  2 ) i mean , even with a higher turnout who knows what would have happened , when some states weight more than others , it 's kind of a weird system all around . 
  with the same turnout and `` one man one vote '' system , dt would have been avoided . 
  3 ) i guess i just do n't see how it helps anything , it 's just not very productive and just makes people not want to take you ( generic you ) seriously . 
  i can tell you that in the last years we 've had syndicates and workers snatch and tear off their boss ' shirt and locking them up in their offices for hours . 
  it has n't been seen as a good thing , it just made them look like savages and even if people agreed with the problems they were facing , doing this did n't earn them any respect or results . 
  yes , but it kind of stopped at the end of the 90s ( it started in the 70s ) because two groups of terrorists fought each other so they got too busy with that . 
  there was also the murder of a prefect and some of them did n't like that and thought it got too far . 
  you do n't hear about them much these days , i know they still exist but they do n't cause trouble , or if they do i 'm not aware of it . 
  for the last 2-3 years i 've mostly been playing overwatch and destiny with some indies on the side . 
  but i like a lot of aaa games too like uncharted , mass effect , the witcher 3 , gta etc for the indie games my favorites are journey , firewatch and life is strange . 
  these days i just play mario kart because a friend just got a wii u so i play that with him , but i 'll go back to destiny 2 when it comes out in september . 
  1 ) no you ca n't compare the us to what 's happening in turkey . 
  i do n't see how the us right now is an authoritarian state , you still have satirical stuff about dt , the opposition is not being censored , people marching against him are not getting arrested , you can insult your president and not go to jail etc 2 ) well of course it would increase youth voting but it does n't mean they are gon na be more informed so that does n't solve the problem at all . 
  if they are voting for stupid people it does n't change anything . 
  so maybe a better answer would be more civic education . 
  3 ) i mean sure who can be against `` ending suffering '' . 
  but by harassing people are n't you taking part in making others suffer ? 
  i think an enlightened society should be past that kind of behaviour . 
  maybe we have n't seen the last of the auld alliance influence . 
  i 'm not sure , a lot of what you say sounds a bit nuts to me tbh lol very little relationship with non-democracies : then what 's the point , if you only talk to people that are like you , you are n't gon na change anything in the world . 
  mandatory voting : would not fly with a lot of the population here ( some countries have it though so i 'm only speaking for france ) regulation of nationalism : in what way do you mean ? 
  if you suppress people 's opinion you do n't agree with , you become just like them . 
  your point about sabotage and harassment : very niche ideology , maybe for that point you would fit with [ npa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_anticapitalist_party ) and [ lutte ouvri\u00e8re ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lutte_ouvri%c3%a8re ), 
  i love europe even more than before . 
  thank you so much !, 
  it 's only been 38 mins since that question was last asked , a new record . 
  is there a particular publisher that does the books with the vocab on the right ? 
  i 've never seen any books like that it sounds very useful ( if you know of any in italian let me know  ), 
  i started reading books in english maybe 8 or 9 years ago . 
  the reason was that i did n't want to have to wait for a translation . 
  before that i was reading comics in english for the same reason . 
  also why read a translation when you can read the original thing . 
  i wish i knew more languages so i could read more things in their true form . 
  i 'm so used to it it 's just like reading in french for me now , which is cool . 
  it feels simpler and more to the point than books in french , both have their advantages . 
  in the shit from the neck down, 
  sorry if this is obvious or dumb but why is it called `` five star '' movement ? 
  huh ? 
  the french government has nothing to do with andorra, 
  some corsicans ( 12 % of them in 2012 ) . 
  no one takes them very seriously though . 
  jean moulin slitting his throat with a baguette as we speak :(, 
  only france has bread , other countries have something they call bread . 
  likes europe ( eu flags in rallies where unheard of ) , young , wants to use people good in their fields that are n't necessarily politicians , not hung up about if an idea is left or right but seeing if it works or not etc. 
  edit : i had used a french word instead of the correct english one . 
  lol same, 
  i think the clich\u00e9 for lrem is `` hip , pretty well off and optimists/na \u00efve '', 
  beach snack, 
  it 's kind of a spanish oitnb, 
  no , it 's a principality with a parliamentary representative democracy system . 
  that 's a good question , i have no idea . 
  it probably would have been a very big deal in andorra because the co-principality exists since the medieval times ( 1278 ) so i 'm guessing it would have been quite dramatic . 
  no it 's / 20 . 
  so getting a 10/20 is the middle and not very good , bellow that it 's bad . 
  not by semester but by trimester and after the 3 months the teachers meet and you get your trimester grades and comments from the teachers . 
  it does n't work that way , we all have the same classes . 
  the only difference is that some people take german first and others english , and some people have extra classes if they take latin 3 . 
  does n't exist , same classes for everyone . 
  you can pick a dead language or an extra language . 
  there 's a lot of homework . 
  since you 're a regular i 'm gon na answer in the hope that you were genuinely curious . 
  / u/mistermysterios gave you the best answer but anyway , some gay men are flamboyant , other gay men are not . 
  some lesbians are butch , some lesbians are not .
