  it 's not very joyous when you wake up to go to school/work and it 's still dark and you get out to go home and it 's - again dark out . 
  so what ? 
  you ca n't find aesthetically pleasing a person of your sex ? 
  how macho . 
  ~ ~ yes ~ ~ irrelevant, 
  the one we have now . 
  there 's a lot of english people here , i have to be diplomatic , 
  it would be clovis ( 466-511 ) the first king of the franks . 
  he united the salian frank and the ripuarian frank tribes and conquered territories in gaul and germania . 
  then charlemagne . 
  french people participated a lot in the arthurian legends . 
  chr\u00e9tien de troys created lancelot ( french character ) , perceval ( another french ) , camelot ( the castle ) and the quest for the grail . 
  so king arthur is our king arthur too . 
  you 're right , the more people using it the merrier :p, 
  when i was in elementary school , my best friend was portuguese and we looked alike . 
  one time after school , i went with her parents when she went with mines , it took them a while to notice ( we had switched jackets - how very smart of us ) . 
  that 's all i 've got for you . 
   also , not friendly : p\u00e9rfida albi\u00f3n ( perfidious albion ) thieves !, 
  pretty much like you ( where are you from ? ), 
  royaume-uni ( united kingdom ) is not used much in every day speech , la grande bretagne ( great britain ) is used but less than just saying l'angleterre ( england ) . 
  pretty much like you ( where are you from ? ), 
  royaume-uni ( united kingdom ) is not used much in every day speech , la grande bretagne ( great britain ) is used but less than just saying l'angleterre ( england ) . 
  thanks , it was lazy of me lol yeah i liked heroes too . 
  all the modern classics , lordi , queen of europe conchita wurst , russian grandmas and verka serduchka are great !, 
  for more `` serious '' ( lol ) stuff emmelie de forest - only teardrops loreen - euphoria alexander rybak - fairytale serebro - song 1 there 's stuff i like every year that do n't win ( this year belgium ) but i would n't know how to remember what they were , there 's so many songs each year . 
  the only reason i remember serebro ( did n't win ) is because i fell in love with their main singer ( wow it 's been 10 years since their performance , ca n't believe i still remember them ), 
  mushrooms, 
  * sheds single tear of joy *, 
  let us never speak of this again . 
  only the juries and viewers from all the 42 participating countries can vote, 
  no you ca n't i 'm sure . 
  and voting is over now, 
  yeah , sadly you missed most of it , the perfs are over , now it 's gon na be the points , almost as fun as the perfs but i dont know how fun it will be for an outsider . 
  thank you friend , but you can not vote because you are american . 
  not taken seriously , most french people do n't care much about it , kind of niche but there 's still a bit of promo about our act every year . 
  i think it usually finishes 2nd or 3rd in the ratings so it 's still watched but not the number one thing . 
  of course it would become the greatest thing ever if we ever won again . 
  yeah , there 's always a lot of talk in the media when we win , but people are not very passionate about it . 
  it 's our cheesy trainwreck and i love it . 
  all the european countries ( + friends ) competing against each other without too much bad blood with over the top pop songs . 
  it 's genius . 
  i do n't think it 's that popular tbh . 
  you can be proud of having france as your greatest enemy  to be more serious , since it seems to be a thread fishing for compliments here we go : the english language , the queen , having been the maritime superpower , the union jack , shakespeare , halley 's comet , marie stuart , having invented lots of sports , the red telephone booths , the british phlegm , your cute little taxis , newton , the apple pie , stonehenge , adele and pop music in general , boudica , the pre-raphaelites painters , london being the largest financial centre in the world , the rosetta stone ( give it back !, 
  ) , kilts , splitting the atom etc ... 
  still acceptable but it 's not used much anymore . 
  i personally like being called mademoiselle but i do n't know how representative i am . 
  any sports where a french person is doing good . 
  these past years it 's been : swimming , judo , boxing , biathlon . 
  with swimming being number 1 because we used to win a shit ton of medals , the new generation is not doing as good though so it might change . 
  i personally like diving , fencing , archery , and for the winter olympics i like figure skating and snowboarding the most . 
  because the eu is made of different countries with different customs and laws . 
  / r/de, 
  that would be the greatest plot twist of our lives, 
  i do !, 
  ah yeah , she was his theatre teacher , 
  yeah it almost always aligns so why change how it is now ? 
  yeah it 's mostly a power/pride thing , i also think the french population as a whole would n't like france `` giving up '' that power , would n't you agree ? 
  how would i know that lol i have no idea but she knew it was let 's say `` complicated '' so she told him to leave to ( i 'm assuming ) try to stop him from courting her . 
  agreed . 
  also borgen from denmark was great and as well made as an american show imo . 
  arte too !, 
  it 's not just french and german stuff now , they also air stuff from other european countries ( like shows from scandinavia ), 
  or tarantino just thought it sounded better . 
  i know m\u00e9lanie laurent talked about how tarantino did n't care if something in french was n't 100 % right as long as it sounded good to him, 
  haha i just wanted to make sure i was n't missing anything . 
  we do n't call it `` royale with cheese '' though because we would n't be using the word `` with '' ( it 's beneath us  ) , we just call it `` le royal cheese '', 
  a burger ? 
  or does it mean something sexual too ? 
  france, 
  none , i hate milk, 
  deal !, 
  i believe we would want to keep being in charge of it . 
  i do n't think the others would mind . 
  it would just stay as it is now . 
  we have it but it 's not just for us , it protects all of us in europe . 
  the first thing . 
  are the us and russia getting rid of their nuclear weapons ? 
  why would we ? 
  the goal is to be a strong independent ~ ~ woman ~ ~ europe and try not to rely on the us to defend us so it 's not in europe 's interests to get rid of it . 
  over my dead body, 
  if someone had a magical solution to eradicate terrorism it would be known . 
  ah yes , now that you talk about it , i do n't know if aa is a thing in france either , it probably is but i 've never heard of anyone going to aa . 
  yeah even older people ca n't drink in public in the us , but i think they go around this by putting their alcohol inside paper bags . 
  i 'm not sure , it 's not a thing people talk about , unless you are an alcoholic no one cares really . 
  having wine while eating is considered normal , it does n't have to be a social event either . 
  what notion did you notice about alcohol in the us ? 
  maybe not to you but seeing these posts with negative points ( like it was yesterday ) is a real downer . 
  wow wow wow hold your horses , i 'm for a federal europe but not like this . 
  i do n't care about my region , i do care about my country , i would not want to see the country disappear and replaced by regional governments : - /, 
  i do n't know about the deal but they would have to change their mindset and accept not being special , different or more important than the other countries , for the record it 's something us french need to work on too , but the british were even more reluctant . 
  no , sorry it happened to you . 
  unless you are being creepy hanging around kids parks i do n't think most parents would have a problem with someone helping their child . 
  some greek words . 
  yes , she even told him to go finish his education in paris , so he went to paris when he was 17 and spent a year trying to make her change her mind . 
  ( they explained it in a documentary i 'm watching right now , interesting stuff ), 
  it is not common but it makes him stronger in my book . 
  he had to live with the weight of society , the looks and whisperings for decades so he knows what it 's like to not be in the norm , a good thing for a president . 
  i 've never felt more european than when driving on a highway in the middle of nowhere in california and suddenly seeing an ikea , made me feel at home . 
  i 've been to bourbon street in new orleans , there were cockroaches on the streets and drunk people but i did n't mind . 
  does new england have some kind of special alcohol or food or anything that it 's known for ?
