and this is why i ca n't vote for him . 
  yes . 
  built in the 1st century , it was a tomb . 
  iconic, 
  oh ok , good to know . 
  it 's reassuring then . 
  why is the guy alone in the soyuz , there 's usually 3 people in it . 
  the opening credits look good , we 'll have to see what the rest looks like because this scene is just a big light and the guy 's face zoomed in . 
  i hope it 'll be good !, 
  they were also used on xena warrior princess, 
  well it 's not like the plan is to send people to war after one month . 
  it 's mostly to give a taste of what a military job would be like and to train them to do some basic things . 
  no 6 months is way too long and would be very controversial . 
  one month is good , enough to make friends that you would have never met otherwise . 
  i think his goal is more about social diversity than anything else . 
  it would only be 1 month , no big deal . 
  cambadelis was the last head of the party , 
  [ sap\u00e9s comme jamais - ma\u00eetre gims ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bpgxlxogvw ) won song of the year 2016 at our victoire de la musique awards . 
  madame , but you 're welcome , 
  if you have 11 mins to spare you can see it [ here ] ( http://www.elysee.fr/videos/decouvrez-le-palais-de-l-elysee-comme-si-vous-y-etiez/ ), 
  it 's not in the elys\u00e9e , it 's inside the paris city hall , 
  great news !, 
  i hope we 'll see more netflix produced shows from europe . 
  you have to send in 26 for it to work, 
  no i didnt do it through the app just my regular text app . 
  i did get a confirmation by text, 
  it 's gon na be fun !, 
  agreed !, 
  barcelona is a great city . 
  no i was n't talking to you  of course it never happened before it 's not something people do regularly but it 's great . 
  say what you want about juncker , but he 's a pr king, 
  that one girl that put latvia in italy killed me :d, 
  i read it as massive stone dykes, 
  i 'm not responsible for the title , i 'm giving you context . 
  the title and his statement about homophobia and misogyny were an answer to one question ( again about him being gay and brigitte ) and that 's how he answered it . 
  edit : to be more precise , he was saying that since he is with an older woman , some people think he could only be gay because being a straight young male with an older woman is weird and suspicious . 
  so even the title as it is makes sense . 
  i think i know more than you do . 
  he talked about it in a documentary that aired yesterday . 
  the question was about the rumor russia started about him dating a guy and he was saying how both this and people being weird about brigitte were homophobic and sexist . 
  he 's right . 
  spot on . 
  no one knows us like you - our best frenemies - do . 
  it 's not an opinion it 's a fact  . 
  lieutenant , siege , assault , guard , marine , brigade , espionage , aide de camp etc, 
  yep that 's him  he 's good looking but he speaks broken french and lives in nyc so he loses some points . 
  sure , almost nobody knows what he looks like . 
  if i were the descendant of louis xiv i would surely want to live in france . 
  but he lives in nyc : - /, 
  that one green pixel that we could n't get rid of : 10/10 would fight against italians again . 
  having / r/place flashbacks . 
  who remembers omikron the nomad soul ?!, 
  til, 
  a bit bland but the colors are nice . 
  je [ chantais ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlqpt6a27zg ) \u00e7a \u00e0 la maternelle, 
   to be honest i would n't be surprised ( i 'm french ) that this joke can be the easiest to trigger a french . 
  on reddit or other anglophone sites yeah , but outside of that french people have no idea about this `` joke '' . 
  i 've always wondered if i find it great because it 's my anthem and i 'm used to it or if it 's legitimately good , glad to know it 's appreciated outside of france !, 
  do n't forget the south , provence , carcassonne and the remparts , n\u00eemes and arles with the roman arenas , and in the west bordeaux and its very pretty architecture . 
  there 's stuff to see everywhere , museums and historical things in every cities and villages . 
  no , it was `` student occupation protests against capitalism , consumerism , american imperialism and traditional institutions , values and order . '', 
  it changed the country forever , the effects are still felt today . 
  impressive answer !, 
  i 'm gon na watch the geography now video later :d, 
  thanks for posting , made me emotional . 
  nonsense, 
  he was asking his staff to unroll the text on the prompter . 
  yeah but the fn uses jeanne d'arc as their icon all the time . 
  they even have mini-rallies in front of her statue in paris . 
  i really hate how the fn has appropriated jeanne d'arc for themselves . 
   le pen , she lost ~ ~ heavily ~ ~ bigly . 
  fixed . 
  beautiful !, 
  i loved it, 
  he 's arriving while the european anthem is playing . 
  there 's another speech coming soon at the louvre , should be more `` exciting '' . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  being aware is still a step in the right direction because i do n't think many others care about what happens next after they are done . 
  he is aware , he was on mediapart ( an independent online newspaper ) friday and he talked about this very thing . 
  we 've always known this but it 's nice that now you see it too , 
  marketing . 
  when your party has a lot of legal cases or a bad image you rename it . 
  or when there 's a new boss in town . 
  they should have done it earlier tbh , they would have gotten more votes . 
  i 'm really scared that with a new name they are going to do way better ... 
  i hope they look into the `` macron leaks '' too because she was insinuating that something would be coming during the debate , so she obviously knew . 
  looking forward to it !, 
  even if it 's dumb and shallow i think it might help our image . 
  macron made a point of using the word patriot a lot . 
  it is . 
  people seem hopeful that he will win enough seats but we 'll see . 
  cant you shut up about your country for one fucking second . 
  but merci . 
  youngest head of state since napoleon y' all . 
  i 'd like juliette meadel but she 's probably not experienced enough . 
  sad !, 
  yuroopppp stronkkkkk come on, 
  he said he wanted a woman as pm, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, 
  poor brigitte,
