  i find it really nice and i 'm jealous of you guys , 
   the french seem curiously different , personality-wise , than the rest of we . 
  how so ? 
  the explosion could be heard more than 80 km from where it took place , it also created an earthquake of 3,4 . 
  apparently what saved a lot of people is that the pipes full of phosgene did n't explode so it could have been way worse . 
  ( i just looked at what phosgene is and it 's a gas that was used as a chemical weapon during wwi ) . 
  the people who died were employees at the factory , and i guess all the injured people were farther away from the explosion . 
  also in 2001 - the explosion of the azf chemical factory ( killing 29 persons and wounding 2500 ) . 
  i remember people thinking it was a terrorist attack because it happened a few days after 9/11 . 
  he was a commander that fought with jeanne d'arc . 
  after his military career he became a serial killer and killed many children ( around 140 ) . 
  people figured it out and he was hanged . 
  he 's also a character in fate/zero . 
  1998 for us, 
  yes and french people are voting , and what are people if not a group of individuals . 
  yeah because we do everything in relation to the us and uk we do n't have any thoughts or personality :(, 
  for adults i do n't think anyone would care as long as it fits and it 's clean . 
  some people think it 's trendy to buy second-hand now . 
  if you are a kid or teenager it might be more complicated ( because kids are mean lol ) but i 'm not really sure . 
  sorry but you dont know anything about french society and politics . 
  you 'll see . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is not bernie , le pen is not trump and we are n't the us . 
  to answer the original question , it 's simply not gon na happen . 
  no a return to a monarchy is not talked about at all . 
  there 's still some monarchists but they are a verryyyy small minority . 
  i do n't know , the orl\u00e9ans guy is part of the `` jet set '' i know i 've seen him before while at the hairdresser ( reading gala and that kind of shit mags ), 
  yeah , but i think most french people know of the orl\u00e9ans vs bourbon fight still going on about who would be king today . 
  the old orl\u00e9ans guy sometimes makes the news . 
  i like that a lot of french monuments are known all over the world , i like our history and i like the fact that we have a lot of stuff from a lot of different eras , but it 's more of a pleasing feeling than real pride . 
  belgium , france , germany , italy , spain , portugal , greece , netherlands , denmark , sweden, 
  no idea , maybe poland , there 's some french people with polish roots , we also share marie curie . 
  m\u00e8re patrie ( motherland ) but it 's not used often . 
  same , just switch france and germany and that 's exactly how it was for me . 
  that 's what all the media and the critics are saying . 
  i 'm voting macron so i do n't need any convincing about how he 's not hollande  . 
  i 'm not saying he is a copy of hollande but if someone has to be hollande , it 's him . 
  thanks !, 
  we never hear about these things . 
  you 're lucky that they have to resign when they do something wrong ... . 
  that 's exactly what i meant with the `` they are still learning something out of it '' , 
  what kind of scandals did you have with your ministers ? 
  i like the regular american posters we have , like / u/non-rhetorical and / u/william _ wisenheimer ( and some others i forget ) . 
  they ask interesting things and contribute without making everything about the us . 
  what 's annoying is the `` what do you think about - obscure american thing - ? 
  `` posts expecting us to know all about it . 
  but even them i feel like with our answers at least maybe they are learning something . 
  pretty nice guy who did n't do enough for the country and disappointed his voters . 
  did ok internationally ( excluding europe ) , dealt with the terrorist attacks well . 
  made gay marriage happen , probably the only thing he 'll be remembered for . 
  why do you have to joke about isis ? 
  you can make fun of your country without using them it 's not hard to find other reasons . 
  it 's just a stupid thing to say . 
  would you have liked jokes about 9/11 a week after it happened ? 
  it 's still something we are living with so i would find it hurtful . 
  i do n't think there 's any translation of their propositions anywhere so wikipedia is probably your best bet if you ca n't read french https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_presidential_election,_2017 either read that or click on the candidates ' names and read about them or jump to the `` presidential election '' thingy . 
  we colonised a lot of places but the one i miss is qu\u00e9bec . 
  still proud of them from afar . 
  haha yeah . 
  it actually works better too . 
  it 's much easier to do the gibberish language thing than trying to find someone that speaks english, 
  with a mix of gibberish language of the country you are visiting/french . 
  if you are in spain it 's something like : donde esta la toilettas ? 
  like this . 
  if you speak slowly while making gesture you can get your message across , it 's enough for most tourists . 
  this works really well in spain , italy , portugal because our languages are close and they do n't mind because they are as bad as us when it comes to speaking in english . 
  i just wanted to point out the difference because macron is the one people consider being `` hollande 's son '' , not hamon , 
   hamon just represents francois hollande , who is a failure . 
  hamon does n't represents fran\u00e7ois hollande at all . 
  macron does . 
  hamon spent his time not agreeing with hollande and then left the government . 
  valls was the hollande guy in the primaries and voters did n't want him and picked hamon who is way more left than valls/hollande . 
  hamon is pretty much m\u00e9lenchon without the crazy . 
  yes . 
  i used to listen to tatu back in the days and i like some kpop bands . 
  justice rains from above !, 
  mccree main ? 
  so inelegant , so empty of joie de vivre my french heart ca n't take it ^ space ^ space ^ space !, 
  yes , i read 1 or 2 books a month , i only read in bed before sleeping so i probably read between 12 and 20 real books per year ( without counting manga or comics or other things like that ) . 
  the last books i loved were the library at mount char , the handmaid 's tale ( i wanted to read it before the hbo show ) and the broken earth series by nk jemisin . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it was in old-french but of course we read it in modern french . 
  also i was in elementary school so it was n't that deep of a study . 
  la chanson de roland ( the song of roland ) an epic about a battle during charlemagne 's reign . 
  we do n't really know the date , it 's between 1040 and 1150 . 
  it 's the oldest french `` book '' we have . 
   6 ** pounds ** reported !, 
   if it changes before trump leaves , like if the term limits were abolished while he 's in office , he could run as many times as he wants . 
  why would the term limits be abolished ? 
  you only need to get rid of the electoral college , not change everything about the elections . 
  or is it not possible ? 
   not if the democrats continue to ignore and resist progressive candidates for elections . 
  hum i do n't know , i honestly think bernie ( seems like you are referring to him ) played a big role in clinton 's defeat , he kinda poisoned the campaign and made people not trust her/dislike her so i 'm not a fan . 
  the bernie or bust people are as bad as the trump 's supporters . 
  the reasons why some people are nervous about him is because he wants us to go from the v republic ( what we have now ) to a vi republic . 
  it means we would have to write a new constitution , he would actually only be president for the time it takes to make the new constitution ( with a lot of big changes ) . 
  so it 's a lot of uncertainty , but for everything else nation-wise he 's alright . 
  as for international matters , he is not pro-eu , he says he has a plan a ( renegotiate ) and plan b ( leave ) . 
  his supporters will tell you the plan b is only there to put pressure on the eu and make them accept whatever the new treaties would be but i do n't know . 
  he also wants to re open talks about the borders of europe ( think russia ) . 
  he was also a big fan of hugo chavez .
