  watching movies and tv series in english is like learning without having to do anything . 
  watch stuff in english with subtitles in your language , then switch to english subtitles , and after a while you wo n't need them at all . 
  sorry , he/she was talking about latin americans so i assumed it was an american . 
  it 's even weirder then . 
  i do n't know , it might be because you sound all over the place . 
  i 'm not even sure that you 're not trolling . 
  in case you 're not , you ca n't straight up go to people and tell them you want 10 millions of muslims or latin americans to come and expect everyone to agree with you . 
  also we do n't have to introduce social democracy to anyone , let them develop and see what is best for themselves . 
  i 'm guessing you 're american ? 
  maybe focus on introducing progressive views to your own countrymen/women without sounding so categorical about things . 
  my advice is to maybe try to be more moderate in how you express your views . 
  how is cyber attack gon na help fight climate change anyway lol . 
  how low have we fallen ?!, 
  what , i did n't even know it was a thing , you guys are lucky, 
  i tried to look it up and could n't find anything about bilingual songs . 
  i 'm guessing it would count in the 40 % because the law is not that strict . 
  some french singers sing in english and they are n't counted in the french 40 % needed . 
  i have no idea about the instrumental songs but it 's not like there 's a lot of those on the radio . 
  no not pure ( it does n't mean anything ) , but alive and well . 
  also to keep the french music industry from disappearing i suppose . 
  to protect the francophonie and french artists ? 
  the law also says half of the songs in french have to be from new artists or new productions . 
  by law , 40 % of the songs on the radio have to be in french . 
  yeah i remember when they only had yellow ones that you could n't buy and i also remember when blue ones showed up for sale and how happy it made me lol . 
  it 's probably in their top 5 bestseller items now . 
  you 're right , let 's wait and see if it 's enforced . 
  roaming charges will be gone by june 2017 ( it was announced not long ago ) , 
  that 's funny how a lot of us use ikea bags for this . 
  bet they never expected that . 
  the eu is a scapegoat , especially during election time . 
  the thing is , most people do n't know what good and beneficial laws they pass there ( there 's very little `` pr '' about it ) so it 's easy to blame them for every little thing that goes wrong . 
  of course it 's not perfect but it 's not the big evil that some candidates make it out to be . 
  i think what matters is how you grew up , if you grew up far away from everything and had to drive all the time an hour or more to go to a big city then you are used to having to travel more , if you grew up near a big city maybe you are less used to traveling long distances . 
  not often . 
  there 's a french air force base about 50 km away from me so sometimes i hear military planes . 
  they make a huge sound so you ca n't mistake them for anything else , and i always wonder `` are they going somewhere or are they training '' . 
  it 's always weird ( and kind of cool too ) to hear them but it does n't happen a lot , maybe once every 4 months or so . 
  american scripted shows are great and hugely popular in france . 
  a lot of them are shown on tv ( dubbed but on some channels you can chose to watch them in english with subs ) but a lot of people ( let 's say under 40 yo ) download or stream them . 
  from what i 've seen , your news seem too `` click baity '' and feel like entertainment , very fluffy . 
  as for influence , i 'd say it has very little influence on french tv . 
  sometimes some people want to try to make a `` late night show '' but in french and so far it has n't worked . 
  they also tried to adapt snl in french , only one episode aired a month ago , i dont know how it went , but that 's about it for the influence . 
  you did all the work haha . 
  enjoy . 
  yep that 's it !, 
  france 24 aired it with english dubs but i do n't think they posted the full video ( i do n't know if they have the rights ? ), 
  you can still see some clips on their site http://www.france24.com/en/video, 
  +1 for stromae . 
  i ca n't really think of anything else i like , french pop is not very good . 
  it 's the same for every language in the world , you have to learn the basics ( with a teacher or books ) , then the vocabulary , then you have to surround ( i almost typed surrender - ha ) yourself with books podcasts movies etc in that language . 
  the problem with dialects and smaller languages is the difficulty in finding stuff in that language but i do n't think it matters what resources you use . 
  also since it 's our first language it 's hard to know what can be used by foreigners to learn it since we 've never had to do it . 
  it might be better to ask people that are also studying that language what they are using . 
  if you ask french people on the street who they think was the best king a vast majority will say louis xiv , he is our most popular king no doubt . 
  clovis , charlemagne , louis xiv , napol\u00e9on and de gaulle are considered the greatest ones ( we 've had a lot of other good ones ) , with louis xiv being probably the most loved overall . 
  p\u00e9tain is the worst we 've had . 
  we call greece the cradle of europe ( in france anyway ) , with the democracy , the philosophers and the myths so i 'd like to go one day to visit . 
  i 'd also love to visit norway , sweden and russia . 
  but every country/culture in europe seems interesting to me even if some appeal to me more than others . 
  unfortunately i already mentioned where i live in other threads so i 'd rather not make it too easy to find me sorry :(, 
  we both have both kinds . 
  pomme frites are the big ones and frites the regular thin ones . 
  `` the sparkling water war '' has a nice ring to it tho, 
  too soon man, 
  it does n't , you 're not english . 
  but you do n't call it that anymore right ? 
  french braid is also correct ( tresse fran\u00e7aise ), 
  french fries - from belgium, 
  the france/england rivalry , we do n't call any other country `` the perfidious '' . 
  i 'm convinced they named the water between england and france `` the english channel '' just to piss us off . 
  it worked  . 
  why are you approaching them ? 
  does it look like they are lost or need help ? 
  i would just say `` sorry do you need help ? '' or something like that . 
  if you just want to speak for no particular reason maybe something like `` oh hello are you from europe ? 
  `` with a smile and ask them where they 're from and start there . 
  i do n't really know haha . 
  you would get still water , you have to specify if you want ( disgusting ) sparkling water . 
  according to wikipedia my city is 2500 years old . 
  my house is 367 years old . 
  for the vowels with accents we do have names , \u00ef is called `` i tr\u00e9ma '' for example . 
  i see , no name for it , just how it sounds . 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  alright , the media probably made a bigger deal of it than it was then . 
  there 's still the problem of who is checking the machines tho , is it a private company ? 
  i just think it 's not worth the trouble . 
  does it matter ? 
  the end result is the same . 
  the point is still that your vote is being counted for a party you did n't want to vote for and that 's not acceptable . 
  you 're right , i should have said it . 
  that 's why i said '' it is said '' because i do n't think there 's any real numbers or anything since it 's not allowed . 
  haha i just keep messing up :( how do you call the letter \u00e4 then ? 
  it is said that most muslims or culturally muslim people vote the left here . 
  and for `` blacks '' `` latino '' etc , it 's actually against the law to keep records of people 's ethnicity , i 'll let you figure out why . 
  in france you should n't have any problem when it comes to being black ( unless you are unlucky and comes face to face with a huge racist asshole , but even racist people usually do n't voice it out loud ) but you do n't have to avoid any places so do n't stress about it . 
  being american is another thing . 
  just do n't take it personally , most things will be said in good fun ( unless you are a fervent trump supporter ) or just for the sake of argument ( french people love talking about politics ) . 
  depending on where you go in europe , not speaking the language can be a problem yes . 
  where are you from if you do n't mind me asking ?
