  i like the casa batll\u00f3 in barcelona . 
  it 's very unique , fun and weird . 
  the roof looks like dragon 's scales . 
  here 's the [ facade ] ( https://www.casabatllo.es/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/casa-batllo-facade.jpg ) . 
  the inside is also full of crazy stuff . 
  this one too is a popular song not traditional . 
  i think i 've found one : sur le pont d'avignon . 
  i think everyone in france knows it ? 
  it 's from the 15th century . 
  afaik parliament are non-existent in france . 
  i have never heard of spirits so i ca n't say . 
  if you 're planning to travel to france i would advise you to bring your own cigs because 1 ) it 's very expensive in france and 2 ) our packaging is now super ugly ( brown with awful pictures on all sides ) . 
  they turned off the eiffel tower lights in solidarity with st petersburg tonight . 
  germany no doubt . 
  i remember talking to a german girl a few years ago ( about random shit ) and pausing and thinking in my head '' wow look at us '' . 
  there 's just something there . 
  our countries losing so much and so many people during the two world wars and putting it behind us to move forward is just something else . 
  it 's not a traditional/folk song tho lol . 
  it 's just a popular song . 
  try harder next time, 
  i love it . 
  a lot of french people do n't like it tho , they think it 's dumb and are salty because we never win . 
  oh yeah i misunderstood the question i guess sorry . 
  i thought you meant right now . 
  it 's not a `` dialect '' but an accent for france . 
  i do n't think you guys know what you are talking about . 
  i have decided to self-identify as vaticanese . 
  i 'm also gon na start learning latin . 
  english is so complicated latin should be a piece of cake in comparison hahaha see you in 2 weeks when i 'm fluent . 
  he just signed a bill authorizing $ 19.5 billion in funding for nasa , to go to mars ... 
  they already built a new one , the orion ( it can carry 4 astronauts ) , they already tested it , should be fully ready in about 5 years . 
  the plan is for it to go to asteroids and mars too . 
  it 's about witches but it did n't sound satanist at all when she talked about it , it 's more of a moon goddess/nature type of thing . 
  my friend 's a girl ( as am i ) and she 's into witch stuff , wiccan i think it 's called . 
  i guess it 's close to celtic yeah i do n't know much about it . 
  but russia has been using the same design ( soyuz ) since the 60s !, 
  sure it works and it 's currently the only way to go to the iss but the orion spacecraft i talked about earlier will be ready soon . 
  i wish esa had that kind of projects . 
  well all the `` cool stuff '' are from the americans . 
  the future orion spacecraft , space x , virgin galactic , blue origin ... esa is good but in the public perception you ca n't beat nasa . 
  i feel like esa is more about the technical/research aspect and less about `` the dream '' . 
  i could be wrong i do n't know that much about it but that 's how it feels . 
  it is allowed , you have to use the cned ( national centre for distance education ) it 's a public institution for kids travelling or that want to be home schooled . 
  ( they get the same program than schools and their homework/tests are reviewed by teachers ), 
  i have one pagan friend , i 'd say it 's pretty rare but not unheard of . 
  they 're better at space , tv series and fantasy/scifi books . 
  that 's not true mate , i live in provence alpes c\u00f4tes d'azur and they kill the bull here ... 
  we are n't a travel agency ... try to put a little more thoughts into your trip and come back when you want to know specific things about a city . 
  there 's a billion things to do and see in the 5 countries you talked about . 
  europe : estonia , bulgaria , nordic countries , poland , eu flag world : antartica , japan , canada , quebec, 
  we use the word compost in the normal way too , that 's why it 's funny . 
  ( the word compost comes from old-french composte ), 
  we say that in my family after a good meal as a joke ( i 'm not from alsace/lorraine ), 
   after all , it feels like i 'm just repeating catchphrases i picked up from decades of consuming american/british media . 
  lol i often feel like this too !, 
  i 'd say it 's about the same for me . 
  with french , the spelling is pretty complicated so i have to look up words pretty often . 
  with english , i just want to make sure i have it right or i 'm not mixing up french with english . 
  i find spelling in english way easier as a whole . 
  as for reading , i ca n't remember the last time i had to look up words in french . 
  in english it 's rare , the last thing i had to look up was `` quid pro quo '' and it 's in latin , it was used a lot during the us campaign . 
  my reading speed is the same , maybe even faster in english but i ca n't be sure it 's just the feeling i have . 
  literally no one knows what 's gon na happen to eu citizens living in the uk , but it 's not like the gestapo is gon na come and take you away , nothing bad is gon na happen to you . 
  both parties ( uk and eu ) want this problem solved , i would n't be too worried about it , 
  yes and yes . 
  that 's all good but you failed me :( , i was waiting for all roads lead to rome motherfuckers, 
  patiently waiting for a roman to answer, 
  [ love love peace peace ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amgw54hbos0 ), 
  ihop is not really pastry tho , it 's pancakes , cr\u00eapes au nutella , waffles , that kind of things . 
  it 's really good but it 's nothing like french pastry . 
  my dream is for ihop to start opening restaurants in europe . 
  in recent times , lionel jospin in 2002 ( ps - left ) did n't make it to the second round of the presidential election . 
  that 's when we got le pen ( dad ) vs chirac . 
  he 's probably still wandering in the woods , never to be heard of . 
  ( not really , he 's in the constitutional council , but up until 2015 he was totally retired from political life and even today he is invisible ) . 
  there 's potential of this happening again this year with beno\u00eet hamon ( ps - left ) not making it either to the second round ( very likely ) . 
  this time it could be even worse because the party is already very divided and some people say it could be the end of the ps . 
  yes it 's the french motto but i feel like every european nations share these values . 
  depends what you mean by trust , in a larger sense , if you mean do i think they have good intentions then yes ( does n't mean i agree with what they 've done ) . 
  i also feel like they do their best for french citizens that live abroad when it comes to crisis situations ( like being taken hostage etc ) . 
  of course , i did n't mean to say it was bad , just how most french people would see it . 
  i think it 's better to do it your way actually , less food wasted . 
  same in france and it has nothing to do with portion size and everything to do with the culture . 
  almost no one in france would ask for a take away box , most people would see it as you being very stingy . 
  it 's just not something we 've ever done so it 's not seen as normal behavior . 
  american food does n't have a good reputation here , just you saying `` american restaurant '' people would just think `` mc donalds '' so i do n't know how it would do . 
  i 've eaten really good food in louisiana and alabama , but it was cr\u00e9ole food so i do n't know how `` american '' it truly is . 
  american food just means burgers and chicken wings for us . 
  interesting !, 
  arabic speaking people do the same thing on the internet ( a mix of numbers and latin letters ), 
  thanks !, 
  and yes :d, 
  but not `` passed down over the generations '' . 
  i do n't think it 's very common except for farmers and people that make wine . 
  ( is there a word in english for that ? ) . 
  i mean , the kids would have to want to do the same job their parents have been doing and i do n't think a lot of them would necessarily want to . 
  try to look on www.meetup.com ( it 's not a dating site ) . 
  i 've never used it but it seems pretty useful to find people that share some interests with you . 
  there 's even a `` learning '' category so you could meet up with other people that want to speak in english . 
  you do n't need to go anywhere , english is everywhere .
