  thanks it feels good !, 
   americans as a whole are really nice and educated nice yes without a doubt , but educated ? 
  i 'd say maybe 1/3 of americans are educated and that 's being generous . 
  it does n't help, 
  you mean scripted ? 
  the unicorns of reddit, 
  zidane headbutting materazzi , losing us the world cup 2006, 
  we 're a bit busy at the moment for such a deep question . 
  awesome !, 
  more hackings in the upcoming elections , probably in germany . 
  he is pro-europe like there 's no tomorrow so if it does n't get better with him it never will !, 
  yes, 
  im not either , boobie-high-five . 
  was n't me bud , i make mistakes all the time edit : it was n't a minus symbol i was using , it was just a dash - - - like that, 
  a this : -, 
  nah , it was an hyphen, 
  not cold where i am - 22c south of france . 
  true francilians do n't do it ( people living in paris or paris suburbs ) . 
  i lived in the paris suburbs for 25 + years and never said i was from paris ( unless speaking to a foreigner ) . 
  between francilians people you just say `` im from 91 '' ( we use numbers for our departments ) and everybody living in the ile-de-france `` parisian '' region knows what it means . 
  now for the ~ ~ peasants ~ ~ provincials coming from other places in france , i 've heard some say they were from paris and when asked in what arrondissement they lived them saying `` oh no i 'm in the 92 '' which is annoying , why not just say you are from the 92 from the start then . 
  of course . 
  we call it the 3rd round . 
  you missed the point . 
  firstly , it was n't `` reserved '' for when there was no woman around , it also was educational . 
  secondly , if in 100 years people decided that a family was having 4 adults in a polyamorous relationship , it would become the norm , the laws would change to accommodate them , and it would become part of the new normal . 
  the point is , there is no rules about what a society should look like . 
  unless you are firmly believing that a bearded guy is living in the clouds it should n't matter , and in that case it 's fine but you should n't impose your views on other people and try to deny them happiness because of it . 
  it is still coming from men . 
  why do you think so many women voted for dt ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  women can be misogynistic too , because that 's how they were raised and that 's how our society is . 
  also i 'm willing to bet 50 euro with you that the people on this sub that have been against it are men . 
  again , most men are cool about it , but some either because of `` cultural '' reasons or plain misogyny will never be ok with any kind of equality and that 's what it 's about , why would women breasts be more sexual than men 's . 
  you 're acting as if `` society '' is something set in stone that came out from the sky and can never change . 
  society is what we make of it . 
  some societies in the past were matriarchal , or found gay love manly , or raised children collectively . 
  most people that have a strong opinion about this are men and i did n't say all men #notallmen . 
  just insecure controlling misogynistic ones . 
  if some women think this way , it 's still because of society and how men make women believe their bodies are either shameful or pornographic . 
  `` g\u00e9nial '' maybe but g\u00e9nial is more intense ( it would translate as maybe `` genius '' or `` awesome '' ) . 
  we use cool all the time . 
  in fact we use it so much that i was really dumbfounded when i found out it also means `` midly cold '' in english . 
  it changed my world . 
  thanks, 
  oops :d a stamp i guess ? 
  same , but being a mediterranean european country i was surprised . 
  but it might have been just that one guy who knows . 
   ~ ~ some people ~ ~ silly men fixed . 
  you arrive , a person checks your id , there 's papers with the candidates names on it on a desk in front of him ( and envelopes ) , it 's just a white piece of paper with the names nothing else on it . 
  you take all the papers or some of them , you go into the secret place ( do n't know the english word ) , put your candidate in the envelope , you get out and go in front of the voting box . 
  in front of the voting box someone checks your id again , another person on your right checks the list to make sure you are registered there , that person says your name you say `` yep '' , you put your envelope in the box , the first person says `` has voted '' while your envelope falls down into the box , then you go to the other person on the right and sign your name while they put a tampon on your [ electoral card ] ( http://img-4.linternaute.com/x-wo6rvjrflyzdjcbfrplu2z--w=/1240x/smart/image-cms/10030135.jpg ) . 
  i remember that thread , the answers made me happy . 
  i found it strange coming from a guy from greece . 
  you know what , i had to google to make sure and i was surprised to see that it officially ends in june . 
  i ca n't remember doing anything in may . 
  there 's a lot of off days in france in may so that month is basically nonexistent . 
  maybe it changed because i do n't remember going to school in june at all . 
  english is not commonly spoken at all in france . 
  i ca n't say that i love english being the de facto language but it is what it is . 
  when in school ? 
  officially 2 months but when june comes classes basically become a summer camp because the school and teachers are busy preparing for the baccalaur\u00e9at . 
  school starts at the beginning of september . 
  no also i hate to break it to you but there 's a lot of young people being nationalists . 
  yeah there 's some in portugal and spain also but still , flamingos are pretty unusual i think in the world , 
  it does n't really play any role as far as i know , unless you are part of it and still have some kind of title and want to take part in what we call `` rallies '' , it 's kind of like balls for rich kids to meet each other . 
  there 's also the bal des d\u00e9butantes where families introduce their daughters to the world ( gross ) . 
  to me it feels more like a networking for rich people kind of thing but i 've never been to any of these things so maybe there 's more to it . 
  but politically and socially it does n't weigh anything . 
  my first time in the us i did try to do the bise to people but after doing it with 2 or 3 people i noticed how surprised they were and stopped . 
  for my second time in the us i did n't even attempt it and that 's when i got bombarded with hugs instead . 
  maybe i 'll just try the handshake next time . 
  we have flamingos in the south of france and wild horses in camargue . 
  we have a song we sing when we go on long walks/hikes that goes `` 1 kilom\u00e8tre \u00e0 pied , \u00e7a use , \u00e7a use , 1 kilom\u00e8tre \u00e0 pied , \u00e7a use les souliers '' ( 1 kilometer by foot , it wears , it wears , 1 kilometer by foot , it wears your shoes out '' and you change 1 to 2 etc until you stop singing or walking . 
  i 'm sure we have phrases but i ca n't think of them right now . 
  de gaulle for the right and mitterrand for the left . 
  de gaulle is so well viewed than everybody from right to left uses him in speeches ( de gaulle would do this or that ) . 
  mitterrand is the first left wing president we 've had in the v republic and the socialists love him and still talk about him a lot , he is less liked than de gaulle as a whole but still has a nice aura around him . 
  oh ok i see , sorry for making it sound weird then , 
  i 'm not sure what the problem is ? 
  when i answer threads i 'm only speaking for french people or myself , i 'm not expecting norway or austria to do it the same way and never implied that they should . 
  we ( meaning in french ! ), 
  've been calling it `` the czech republic '' for 30 + years so it 's harder to have `` czechia '' catch on , whereas with russia , it 's always been russia and never `` the russian federation '' in every day speech so it 's not a good comparison ( again in french and english ) . 
  haha well it never hurts to be an extra-friendly german while in france , 
  that was an hyperbole ... i hoped you would get it because of the yelling , 
  no you do n't touch the other person 's cheek with your lips , it 's more of a cheek to cheek thing while making a kiss sound with your lips . 
  sometimes when you do it fast the cheeks do n't even touch but usually they do . 
  that 's all fine and good but do you have folklore stories about a boy eating an apple ? 
  now that 's real hardcore !, 
  i 'm speaking for french speaking and english speaking people . 
  the czech republic has been called that forever and is just recently trying to be `` czechia '' . 
  as far as i know russia and norway are not pushing for a change in how we call them . 
  you mean to tell me irish folklore is not real ? 
  literally every american i have met ( in the us ) has hugged me so i thought that was how you greeted each other ? 
  but maybe that 's because i 'm french and they were like '' aw come here you little foreigner you '' kind of thing idk lol, 
  no one ever called norway or russia like that though ( in every day life ) , but for the czech republic we 're used to calling it that . 
  yeah we hug friends too sometimes but not necessarily to greet them . 
  and the bise is not really a kiss anyway , your mouth never touches the other person 's cheek ( that sounded dirtier than it is ), 
  the czech leaders tried to give the czech republic a catchier name , for branding/tourism purpose but it 's not really catching on . 
  i 've never seen it used anywhere .
