  or some american biscuits you like ( not from big brands ) . 
  more of what we do now + creating a special task force under the president 's office . 
  we would rather have it not be official and used than official and not used . 
  since our minister of foreign affairs cited russia , i tend to believe it because i trust my government and i believe he knows more about it than me and you . 
  there 's also this but it 's in french http://www.lemonde.fr/pixels/article/2017/04/25/la-campagne-d-emmanuel-macron-dans-le-viseur-de-pirates-russes_5117304_4408996.html it 's about a hacking group called `` pawn storm '' linked to russia , they are apparently behind the phishing and fake websites that are made to look like real political ones , and other things , the article is long . 
  investigations are underway so i 'm sure it 's not `` proof '' enough for you but anyway that 's what i got . 
  ok , but if you watch american tv or talk to americans they do n't use the metric system , that 's what we mean . 
  our minister of foreign affairs jean-marc ayrault said it himself that russia was interfering http://www.france24.com/en/20170219-france-condemns-cyberattacks-targeting-presidential-candidate-macron-points-russia, 
  they might use it `` officially '' but in real life they do n't so it does n't matter . 
  i 'm not a journalist so i do n't know what you expect me to do , it 's not my job to find proof , i just keep informed . 
  read the press , unless you are the kind of person that thinks the media is always lying , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  yes i know i never claimed otherwise ? 
  e : that 's why i said '' we still say '' because it used to be a very popular expression but i think it faded a little . 
  what kind of dumbass would downvote that kind of post ?!, 
  have some respect friends . 
  i 'm sure there 's many of us !, 
  i think most tourists go to big cities so maybe they do n't know what small normal towns look like or they would agree with us :d maybe that 's why americans love guns so much , you never feel entirely safe in their houses :p, 
   my grandfather ( father side of the family ) was a member of the ss and took part in every horrific acts of cruelty you could imagine . 
  mass executions , cleansings , hunting jews ... what happened to him ? 
  my grandma saw people getting shot while on the road leaving paris when she was a kid , my other grand-parents did n't have food either , i remember them complaining about it and that 's why in my family we still say `` ah another one the boche wo n't have '' when having finished a good meal . 
  compared to a lot of families it could have been worse . 
  now for wwi my family lost a lot of men ( my grand-father 's dad for example ) , and my grand-ma 's dad became violent and alcoholic after wwi . 
  what 's weird is that even their `` old '' ( for them ) buildings look like a disneyland/fake hollywood building . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i tried to explain it to my ex but only got blank looks so i gave up :d, 
  i think s/he meant like if people want to protest something , or celebrate the new year where do they go, 
  sweet  hope you enjoy france . 
  great !, 
  do you speak fran\u00e7ais ? 
  if you look at what happened in the us and in france yes . 
  russia hacked inboxes from the democrats and from en marche , no relevant infos were in these hacks ( a lot of `` print this plz '' from hillary or `` you gave to much money to campaign can you make another check so we respect the law '' stuff from macron ) . 
  but the intention was to then be able to say '' they were hacked and look what we 've found '' and then you can say whatever you want because nobody is gon na read 3tb of data to check if it 's true or not . 
  russia basically weaponised the news and people that do n't check the sources can fall for it . 
  keep it as is i guess . 
  only hunters can buy guns ( and they need a license ) , and people that go to shooting ranges . 
  i 'm not pro-hunting but i understand that it 's an important tradition/hobby for some people so i would n't change it . 
  the average person can make sure to read news that come from trusted sources . 
  i 'm not knowledgable enough when it comes to the uk press but i 'm sure there 's 2-3 newspapers that everybody agrees are serious and trustworthy . 
  not believing news from social media , or checking where the info is coming from is key . 
  north america is in nato . 
  would n't an independent eu army be good in case the us president becomes crazy ? 
  also our countries are in nato but we still have a national army , we can be in both . 
  to live or visit ? 
  i like it but they are only found in australia , should n't we pick something that can be found in europe ? 
  i would n't lie about such an important subject [ :o ] ( http://www.totalprosports.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/french-rooster-hat-fans-craziest-fans-at-2014-fifa-world-cup.jpg ), 
  the eu needs an animal mascot !, 
  brb texting macron . 
  i see , 
  `` according to polls '' so it 's not really something we would see say at a sporting event with people wearing moose hats etc ? 
  we are the balance the world needs , 
  hopefully macron . 
  i had a similar thing in london , i had n't planned things well and had to pee while in a cab to the train station , so i asked the guy to stop so i could go to the bathroom . 
  i had to say `` bathroom '' maybe 4 times before he understood it and he finally said `` oh bafroom '' . 
  it 's not like `` bathroom '' is a very hard thing to say for us french so i 'm still confused about it to this day . 
  yeah , the catholic thing is just irking to me personally but as you said if a law pushed by the catholics was good for everyone i would n't have a problem with it . 
  i do n't think i 'll live to tell the tell though . 
  that 's not even comparable . 
  these people ca n't stand women choosing to have an abortion and would use any excuse necessary to make it harder for people to do it . 
  helping poor people would n't discriminate against anyone so that 's a moot point . 
  yes of course , it was n't pushed by a catholic agenda at all, 
  it would be if it was n't for the cold , most french find the climate too extreme so it 's not as popular as other destinations . 
  a tv show adapted from a margaret atwood book , a dystopia where the us becomes a totalitarian theocracy society and fundamentalists treat women as property of the state . 
  it 's with elisabeth moss from mad men and some other actresses from orange is the new black . 
  it 's great !, 
  credit where credit is due , 
  i never even thought about watching the semi final . 
  i do watch the final every year though . 
  but no , tonight i 'm gon na watch the handmaid 's tale . 
  west hollywood i think but i 'm not sure you 'd have to ask an american : - /, 
  ex was from alabama that 's why i was there . 
  sadly i have n't been to nyc . 
  my favorite place was hands down san francisco , it looks like a real city , the architecture is great , they have a port with wild sea lions just chilling there !, 
  new orleans is also a nice city especially for a french with good food , french street names and french text in churches etc. 
  other places were disappointing , like los angeles , it 's not very pretty ( the mountains are ) the city feels `` fake '' somehow , like it was built in a hurry with cheap materials . 
  most little towns feel that way also . 
  most american houses have the same problem , you feel like it 's gon na go down if there 's strong wind ( they do n't though ) , it always reminded me of the 3 little pigs story :d, 
  nice !, 
  how long and where ? 
  haha yeah . 
  i still have some jeans that i bought while there and when i look at them now it really makes me feel like i was an elephant . 
  15 pounds apparently, 
  south alabama ( pretty much at the border with florida ) , but i visited a lot of places while i was there . 
  louisiana was the best in term of food , it felt more like real food to me , spicy and creole . 
  french ( native tongue ) english ( fluent ) spanish ( very basic ) italian and portuguese ( can read maybe 40 % of it ) so only 2 really . 
  i lived in the us for 9 months . 
  i came back having gained 7 kilos . 
  yes but they are still `` prominent leaders '' in the opposition , if not at the assembly , in the media and national debate . 
  under hollande pretty much everybody but his government was in the opposition . 
  under macron we 'll have to see but probably m\u00e9lenchon , le pen and baroin . 
  i ca n't think of anything but what makes me mad is when they vote good things , like making websites with false informations about abortion illegal , and the opposition or future presidential candidates think it 's a good idea to oppose it and want to go back on it . 
  also having the assembly almost empty when voting on some stuff make me ashamed and pissed . 
  in 2013\u00a0197\u00a0000 french left the country , but i do n't know if it 's a lot or not i do n't have any comparison . 
  some young people that want to work in tech or create their start ups leave because it 's easier and faster to do in the us ( because of their laws ) and you can make more money than in france . 
  young people that fairly or unfairly think the grass is greener elsewhere . 
  they mostly go to england , the us , some in australia . 
  retirees that go live in spain , portugal or morroco/algeria . 
  i do n't know if they come back or not , probably some stay and some come back . 
  i do n't have any opinion about them , if they are happier in another country it 's alright with me . 
  thanks , seems doable even if it 's gon na take some years . 
  we 'll be waiting for you ,
