  you reminded me of the [ pilot episode of coupling ] ( https://youtu.be/rmyu5ozfr3o?t=30s ), 
  you make it sound like a venereal disease . 
  it also means oil in german iirc  . 
  i guess it 's a pretty common syllable . 
  it 's the imperative form of `` to die '' , but as opposed to the regular verb that means to die ( \u00f6l ) , this one connotes extreme rudeness . 
  this was part of a program for people working overseas . 
  so we paid a lot of foreign currency to do shortened military service . 
  it was also easier physically though this is not advertised . 
  the army 's nuts , but they 're smart in their own way . 
  if they gave us the same exercise regimen as the younger guys , there might have been heart attacks and strokes . 
  actually heard two older guys had strokes from marching under the sun in another base further south , but could n't verify , was probably just a rumor . 
  heh i should not have an empirical answer for that since my platoon was specially composed of older people like me , but i do have an answer . 
  there 's no difference between an 18 year old and 26 year old or even a 40 year old . 
  in the army all privates are 11 years old mentally speaking . 
  unless you 're going to college it 's 18 in turkey . 
  i did it at 26 because i was doing grad school , but the military really is a young man 's game . 
  had i waited a few more years i 'd probably have been hospitalized from exhaustion and sickness . 
  came here to say iskender kebab . 
  it 's d\u00f6ner ( aka gyro ) over cut up pide bread , topped with tomato sauce and molten butter , side of pilav ( turkish style rice ) and yogurt . 
  not all fat melts fully . 
  when my father makes liver kebab he interweaves the cubes of liver with cubes of tail fat . 
  very delicious even if it is a bit of an acquired taste . 
  there are the aforementioned tri-nation jokes but i ca n't think of any in which the german is stereotypically german and not just a placeholder any other nation could be used for . 
  ok i can think of one , but it 's not particularly funny : after their plane crashes into the ocean 4 men from 4 different nations make it to a desert island . 
  despite their happiness to survive , after a week on the island they ca n't help but comment on their worries about what is happening back home . 
  the frenchman says : `` in my absence i wonder how many times my lover knocked on my door . 
  she must be so worried . '', 
  the american says `` in my absence the media must have explored with news . 
  they must be looking for me everywhere . '', 
  the german says `` in my absence , my boss must have looked for me . 
  i wonder what new projects have been started at work ? '', 
  the turk says `` in my absence i wonder what new tariffs and taxes were raised , how the cost of living must have risen ? '', 
  editing to add one more joke , it 's not particularly easy to translate , so i 'm going to start with a bit of an cultural explanation . 
  so there 's a common phrase in turkish which goes `` ne olacak t\u00fcrkiye ` nin hali ? '' . 
  roughly translated it means some thing like `` whatever shall be the fate of turkey ? '' . 
  it 's a question turks ask often since they worry about the economic/political survival of their country in the long term . 
  anyways on to the joke : on his visit to istanbul hans makes some turkish friends . 
  his new friends decide to teach him the turkish way of drinking . 
  so they invite him to a meyhane ( traditional turkish drinking place ) . 
  the table is filled with meze ( appetizers ) . 
  classical turkish music is playing in the background . 
  there 's even a belly dancer . 
  of course they order the quintessential turkish drink : a bottle of rak\u0131 . 
  and so they teach him how to mix the rak\u0131 with cold water , and how to eat different mezes . 
  he seems happy enough with his first few drinks , but after the fourth glass of rak\u0131 he starts sighing . 
  his friends are a little worried that he is n't having a good time , especially after his fifth glass he appears even more miserable . 
  so they ask him `` hans , what 's wrong ? 
  does n't the rak\u0131 taste good ? 
  how about the appetizers ? 
  or is the belly dancer that you do n't like ? '' . 
  hans replies `` no , no , they are good . 
  thank you for inviting me and showing me all these delights . 
  it 's just that as i 'm drinking i 've been thinking ... whatever shall be the fate of bavaria ? '', 
  not for a long while . 
  might as well replace the turkish satanist 's question with `` when will turkey join the eu ? '' . 
  turkey needs to go through quite a bit of economic , social and political development before eu membership becomes feasible . 
  you 'll note from the kgb reference that it 's an old joke . 
  m\u0130t had a reputation for torturing a lot of innocent people to get confessions back in the 80s . 
  the reason for the american and russian presence in joke is probably due to the cold war . 
  though you 're not wrong in your observation . 
  there 's a class of turkish jokes that involve three people from three different nationalities , the third one is almost always turkish . 
  the first two tend to be picked from the set of americans , russians , brits , french and germans . 
  it 's an interesting observation that turkey compares itself to much stronger countries . 
  i suppose our national spirit is always to compete with the strongest and to seek for us a place amongst the top , even if we 're no match . 
  atypically for a turk , i know and care very little for soccer , but i 'm told turkish national team prefers to compete in the european soccer leagues even though it would be easier to win the asian ones . 
  it 's the same principle applied to soccer . 
  three aging satanists gather to summon satan one last time to force some answers out of him . 
  what 's interesting about this trio is that all three are of different nationalities . 
  one is american , one is russian , and the last one is turkish . 
  their summoning ritual is successful and satan appears in the pentagram . 
  the american goes first and asks his question : `` when will america colonize mars ? '', 
  satan replies : `` in 50 years . '' . 
  the american starts crying . 
  his friends ask him what 's wrong , and he replies that he 's too old , and wo n't live long enough to see it happen . 
  the russian goes second and asks `` when will russia be restored to its old glory and ultimately rule over the world ? '' . 
  satan replies : `` in 100 years '' . 
  then the russian starts crying . 
  his friends ask him why he 's crying and he replies , like the american , that he will not live long enough to see it . 
  finally the turk asks his question : `` when will the turkish economy improve ? '', 
  at the moment he finishes his question satan starts crying . 
  edited to add this darker joke : the spy agencies the world decide to hold a competition to decide which one 's the best . 
  only three agencies remain for the finale : cia , kgb and m\u0130t ( that 's the turkish national intelligence agency if you ca n't guess ) . 
  the final task is this : the judges will release a rabbit into the woods , and whoever catches the rabbit fastest wins . 
  kgb goes first and catches the rabbit in two hours . 
  cia goes after , and catches the rabbit in just under an hour . 
  finally it 's the m\u0130t 's turn . 
  they 're gone for an hour , two hours , three hours ... 
  the judges get worried and go into the woods to search for them but ca n't find them . 
  finally after a total of ten hours the m\u0130t agents show up with ... an elephant in tow . 
  but the elephant is in terrible shape . 
  it 's bleeding from the trunk , is missing half a tusk . 
  its ears have been torn to tatters . 
  both eyes have been blackened . 
  they take the elephant to the judge 's desk , and suddenly the elephant talks !, 
  `` dude you got ta belive me , for god 's sake you got ta believe me !, 
  i swear on my mother 's grave , and on any god you care to name : i 'm that rabbit you released into the woods ! '', 
  i do n't understand a word on that , but somehow it makes me think `` beer '' . 
  there 's something universal about beer labels i guess . 
   election later this year , but it 's a few months too early for that still . 
  good to know the election cycle does n't start year and a half before the election .
