if not his policy . 
  if not his history of saying things like `` minarets are our bayonets '' or `` democracy is a train , we will get off when we come to the station we want '', 
  turkish proverb : every sheep is hung ( at the butcher shop ) from their own leg . 
  i means something along the lines of every person is responsible for their own destiny/fate . 
  granted there 's a very large minority forcefully against erdogan but ( second turkish proverb of the day coming ) damp wood too will burn alongside dry wood . 
  ( means something along the lines of : the innocent often suffer the consequences of the culprits ' work because they 're in the same group ), 
  being `` stupid '' has worked for them so far :(, 
  well most people are n't working during the weekend , so we 'll see if the ban lasts into monday . 
  they usually ban sites or throttle the internet to slow down the initial spread of scandalous information until they can figure out how to spin it . 
  edit : this governmental behaviour has some unintended consequences . 
  a while ago the internet slowed down due to infrastructure problems , and basically the turkish social media was full of people going `` ok , what happened ? 
  we missed the news , what are they censoring this time ? '', 
  are you turkish ? 
  most turkish people learned about vpn and dns under erdogan . 
  what 's the status of bitcoin ? 
  it 's still going on . 
  and in turkey that kind of tracking ( aka fi\u015fleme ) can be very dangerous . 
  governments have been known to collectively imprison people whose names are drawn at random from such lists during times of despotism . 
  the irony being that github was also blocked . 
  thanks for the post though , i 'm gon na take a good look at it for future use . 
  statistically speaking whether a voter is for erdogan or against is tied to their education levels . 
  younger , well educted people mostly know how to use vpn or change dns settings to overcome the ban anyway . 
  the internet ban is for less educated people , who also do n't speak english well enough to be on reddit anyways . 
  reddit 's mostly in english , they probably wo n't bother . 
  neoputinism maybe ? 
  akp members ( including ex-president ) are known to use twitter during bans , so i doubt it 'd effect him even if we knew any services he uses . 
   i doubt erdo\u011fan personally ordered this , probably some sycophant did it to please him . 
  this is what i was guessing also . 
  that 's from 2012 , it 's become easier to block sites since then . 
  it would damage the economy . 
  once the he understands what blocking dropbox does the companies that use it , i 'll bet the ban will be lifted quickly . 
  i imagine weeniebuster is trying to avoid the scrapers of intelligence agencies . 
  erdogan had a long history as an islamist . 
  he went to prison over it in 1997 , and came out to pretend he was all for democracy and secularism . 
  enough people bought it , and here we are . 
  this is true also in the us . 
  visas can be canceled without reason given . 
  i think he meant how widespread racism was . 
  in hindsight hitler is often thought of the product of this supremely racist ideology that the allies fought against , but he was only a few steps more racist than the allies ( see for example churchill ) . 
  also fun to know : one of the hindi words for india is bharat ( after an ancient emperor ) , which sounds suspiciously close to the turkish word for spice . 
  i have n't read the article but i would n't be surprised if the man being punished is a kemalist himself . 
  the erdogan regime 's gotten seriously orwellian . 
  i 'm writing this as a native turkish speaker who spent time learning english , german and russian ( to various proficiency levels ) . 
  german is incredibly similar to english . 
  yeah there are differences , but those are minor compared to other languages . 
  just knowing english has made it so much easier for me to gain german vocabulary . 
   also : there are a lot more japanese people than i thought . 
  heh the other way around for me . 
  i thought there were 200 + million japanese . 
  a little disappointed . 
  i imagine this happens in other muslim majority countries too . 
  i think what is unique to turkey might be our application of [ martial arts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjvsssmvdza ) to the problem . 
  that sounds like something that would exist in the us also . 
  english and german both compulsory . 
  some schools do n't offer a second foreign language , some do but it 's french instead of german . 
  i know your pain . 
  heh i did n't even realize it . 
  it 's pronounced very differently . 
  demir ( iron ) or bar\u0131\u015f ( peace ) for a boy and bilge ( wisdom , wise person ) for a girl . 
  there are a lot of nationalists in turkey . 
  some of them are far-right nuts . 
  most of them are center right or center left . 
  by and far they 're more reasonable to talk to than neo-nazis . 
  if they 're planning to stay long term , i expect them to learn the language , and be reasonably fluent in it over time . 
  that would be my only expectation of immigrants apart from what i 'd expect from my fellow citizens . 
  i would be annoyed at someone who lived 5 years in turkey and did n't learn enough to be self sufficient . 
  there are certain issues which i do n't consider culture but modernity such as not beating up your kids or thinking of women as second class citizens etc etc. 
  in all honesty i have these issues with a large number of citizens so i do n't think this necessarily falls under conforming to local culture . 
  if we 're talking internal immigration , i do get annoyed at people who come to istanbul from elsewhere in turkey , but have yet to learn how to form an orderly line . 
  c'mon , that one 's only used for dubbing foreign movies when someone says dammit !, 
  maybe you 'll learn some turkish swearwords ? 
  i think it all depends how far to the right and left you go . 
  on both extremes things get totalitarian . 
  also probably depends on the country . 
  in turkey right wingers ( like erdogan ) tend to act against human rights , and restrict citizen 's rights . 
  i wrote an observation on cultural differences regarding perceptions of homosexuality and masculinity . 
  if anything you 're making unwarranted assumptions on `` my way of thinking '' . 
  or perhaps the stasi ? 
  \u0130\u015fkembe \u00e7orbas\u0131 in turkish . 
  i hated that as a kid . 
  found out later on it tastes better with lemon juice or vinegar . 
  my bad hahaha . 
  in my defense it 's really hard to recognize the slight difference in color when the flags are that small . 
  that the same people who have issues with homosexuals think that our national sport is the pinnacle of manliness . 
  our national sport involves two burly men ( often with large mustachios ) half naked in leather pants , getting oiled up and [ wrestling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil_wrestling ) . 
  beating people with tree branches in the baths maybe ? 
  is that still a thing ? 
  note to self : do n't take any african american friends to netherlands on spring break . 
  this sounds a lot like the sacrifice feast ( eid ) . 
  except it 's with lambs in balconies . 
  turkey applied 30 years ago . 
  talk 's probably been going much [ longer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union ) . 
  we did join just a bit back in the 90s . 
  it 's called [ customs union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union%e2%80%93turkey_customs_union ) . 
  actual conversation between me and an air france representative : rep - you need to pay $ 50 more for your second luggage . 
  me - but i checked your website , it says so long as i 'm not going to europe , i 'm allowed 2 pieces of luggage for free . 
  i 'm going to turkey . 
  rep - sir , for the purposes of luggage , we consider even north africa to be european . 
  also of note : the europe-asia boundary has changed a little over [ time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boundaries_between_continents#europe_and_asia ), 
  it would be considered asia methinks .
