croats are very good at this '' \u0160alji dalje do zadnje budale '' game . 
  you are so naive . 
  who wants a united states of europe ? 
  europeans certainly not . 
  hl : you 've said creditors objected to you because `` i try and talk economics in the eurogroup , which nobody does . '' what happened when you did ? 
  yv : it 's not that it did n't go down well -- it 's that there was point blank refusal to engage in economic arguments . 
  point blank . 
  ... you put forward an argument that you 've really worked on -- to make sure it 's logically coherent -- and you 're just faced with blank stares . 
  it is as if you have n't spoken . 
  what you say is independent of what they say . 
  you might as well have sung the swedish national anthem -- you 'd have got the same reply . 
  and that 's startling , for somebody who 's used to academic debate . 
  ... the other side always engages . 
  well there was no engagement at all . 
  it was not even annoyance , it was as if one had not spoken . 
  why do you even ask ? 
  it 's more than clear that eu does n't give a fuck about greek people 's opinion or greek elections . 
  and we 've known since 2005 that it does n't care about referendums . 
  democracy is just a game . 
  no , thanks . 
  nice blackmail . 
  and they totally humiliated tsipras and broke syriza in the process . 
  dear romanian redditors . 
  we got it , you are the poorest in eu and anyone else ca n't complain about anything until they are on your level ( probably never ) . 
  now can you please stop posting this in every thread about the situation in greece ? 
  or just wait for some bangladeshi that will explain why you ca n't complain about romania ever again . 
   if you want to avoid further violence now , the best thing to do is eliminate all russian troops in ukraine , including crimea . 
  or eliminate all ukrainian troops in ukraine . 
  this sounds very democratic . 
  how will syriza not split when voting on this in greek parliament ? 
  edit :  lafazanis , head of syriza 's left platform , has already expressed his opposition to the proposed plan, 
  why else do you think he wants neoliberal `` reforms '' in greece ? 
  let 's have a look at some facts . 
   the oecd estimated in august 2009 that the size of the greek grey market to be around $ 65bn ( equal to 25 % of gdp ) , resulting each year in $ 20bn of unpaid taxes . 
  [ 12 ] this was in comparison almost twice as big as the german black market ( estimated to 15 % of gdp ) . 
  [ 13 ] data for 2012 [ 14 ] place the greek `` black market '' at 24.3 % of gdp , compared with 28.6 % for estonia , 26.5 % for latvia , 21.6 % for italy , 17.1 % for belgium and 13.5 % for germany . 
  there is however a correlation with the percentage of greek population that is self-employed [ 15 ] ( 31.9 % in greece vs. 15 % eu average [ 16 ] ) , as several studies [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] have shown the clear correlation between tax evasion and self-employment . 
  punishment ? 
  this is not a fucking morality play . 
   how about you try this , you man up look in the mirror and admit taht it is your fault the perfect capitalist answer to everything !, 
  can you read or is that too fucking hard for you ? 
  * this is an extract from yanis varoufakis 's book the global minotaur : america , europe and the future of the global economy , published by zed books *, 
  they are just afraid they wo n't get your money . 
  but i read on reddit that putin will invade you !, 
   it seems europe has shifted very much to the right . 
  not so long ago american political spectrum was shifted significantly to the right compared to europe . 
  but in less than a decade we caught up . 
  well written . 
  it will never happen and we should be grateful for that . 
   the russians are preparing to invade ukraine and the baltics . 
  see , you are the one who is misleading . 
  that 's totally irrational . 
  what if i did n't vote for any of those parties ? 
  and how exactly would one individual vote change the results in a meaningful way anyway ? 
  it 's not really a default ( yet ) . 
  that 's actually the logic of terrorists . 
  you , as a citizen of the country , are responsible for everything your country do around the world ( i 'm looking at you usa ) . 
  you are choosing , electing your countries politicians . 
  that 's why you are a legitimate target too . 
  goebbels in 1930 , no . 
  goebbels in 2015 on the other hand ... 
  `` left-wing politician '', 
  let 's not pretend they really had a choice . 
  when did die linke become far left ? 
  you are basically asking why is someone not fighting with a knife in a gunfight . 
  well , because he died . 
  what is evil about christianity exactly ? 
  so they do n't want eu to close their borders and at the same time organize terrorist attacks in europe that will cause exactly that ? 
  great , isis is now both evil and stupid . 
  no , their goal is that the borders stay open . 
  that 's why there was an attack in paris during this refugee situation , to make sure europeans will accept even more muslims . 
  you mean a force of peace , mdoeration and humanism by selling weapons ? 
  but terrorism works in 2015 , that 's a fact . 
  it 's propaganda and we 've done a marvelous advertising job for them . 
  but he is saying that anyone who preaches violent islam etiher online or in public wears the `` uniform '' of the enemy and should be a legitimate target . 
  that 's awfully close to the terrorists ' point of view . 
  and of course the same logic should apply for them - anyone who advocates violent actions against isis `` wears the uniform of the enemy '' and should be a legitimate target . 
   i would say anyone that preaches violent islam either online or in public . 
  so anyone who supports violent actions against isis either online or in public is a legitimate target for them ? 
  by that logic is norway at war with ... breivik ? 
  they had intel on radicalized islamists . 
  it 's not a crime to be a radicalized islamist . 
  best way ? 
  just ignore them . 
  it sounds ridiculous now when everyone is flipping out , but these kind of emotional responses are exactly what we should n't do . 
  we are doing all the marketing for them . 
  they 'll get even more money , resources and people willing to do stuff like this . 
  it 's not exactly a surprise that isis became such a big terrorist network with all the attention they got after we called them our biggest enemy and the evil . 
  and of course every death is a tragedy , but 150 people killed is less than a plane crash . 
  but then again , this is a completely non-realistic response in our current media-driven society . 
  everyone demands that something needs to be done , whatever that something really is . 
  maybe a full invasion in syria with thousands of our soldiers killed ? 
  people should aways think about terrorists ' goals and not do what they want them to do . 
  they want you to be afraid , they want you to overreact , they want to see crime against muslims/immigrants to go up , they want france to get more involved in syria , they 'd love someone like le pen to win elections . 
  those who organize these kind of things are not dumb , they do n't think a few bombs and a couple of guys with kalashnikovs will change france into an islamic state . 
  well , that does n't matter that much this time as long as the conservatives do n't mobilise more voters than they did three years ago . 
  now they need 20 % of all eligible voters to vote against the law ( around 340.000 votes ) . 
  last time there were cca 280.000 votes against the law ( 55 % ) and 233.000 for ( 45 % ) . 
  is this really the official version ? 
  it 's terribly slow .
