you can interpret it as he gambled for a better deal , or he washed his hands of responsibility . 
  either way syriza has such a shit reputation in europe that of course after all the `` suck it nerds '' dick waving attitude , no one is surprised that they told him to go fuck himself and now we 're facing an even worse proposal . 
  nah , he just finds your cluelessness funny . 
  there are no mass suicides or people dying in the streets . 
  no patriots are worse than retards . 
  nationalists are another step below . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  rather than that it 's better to say that , tsipras is gambling on the fact that it 's in everyone 's best interest for greece to stay in the eurozone . 
  i am very well aware of how the situation is viewed in europe . 
  you can tell just by casually browsing / r/europe / or / r/worldnews / in any thread related to greece . 
  but what should we do ? 
  roll over and die ? 
  because that 's what 's being asked of us . 
  how should i know ? 
  i 'm not an economist or a politician . 
  this is why they need to go back to the table and come up with something that works . 
  obviously we still need assistance from europe , and of course we still want to pay our debts . 
  but tell me , let 's say we vote yes . 
  we stay on europe 's good side . 
  have you read the reforms they 've demanded of us ? 
  do you think they 'll help ? 
  they will make the situation worse , our debt will grow , and we will be in a worse position . 
  we need reforms , just different ones . 
  yes , you are correct . 
  that 's why we 're gambling on the idea that the ecb wants to keep greece in the eurozone , but we 're simply showing them that we are n't willing to be destroyed in the process . 
  we wish to stay in europe , and pay back our debts , but on fair terms . 
  fair for both sides . 
  the proposed reforms have not been fair by any measure . 
  what we need now is solidarity off the greek people . 
  at the moment it 's purely divide and conquer tactics . 
  propaganda , fear-mongering . 
  when you have ordinary greek citizens calling the other side traitors ( on both sides ) , you know something is seriously wrong with this whole situation , and i 'm not talking about the economic crisis . 
  well , we 'll just have to see wont we ? 
  that , i will agree with . 
  the referendum as it currently stands makes no sense . 
  this whole referendum is a giant game of chicken . 
  on the one hand you have the eurozone who stands to lose billions if greece defaults and is unable to repay it 's debts . 
  on the other hand you have greece , which currently has pretty much nothing left to lose . 
  that 's why tsipras is gambling on a no vote , and europe is trying to bully us into a yes vote . 
  there are n't many ways to translate it . 
  read the ballot . 
  it 's very specific . 
  there is no mention of `` staying in europe '' or `` staying with the euro '' or whatever else people are deciding for themselves . 
  that said however , people are still coming up with their own interpretations . 
  this whole situation is extremely stupid . 
  a devalued currency in a country based 80 % on imports will most definitely not solve any of its economic problems . 
  returning to the drachma is a terrible idea . 
  i hope we 'll get a better deal , because people in europe have finally begun to realize that even after following all the measures demanded by us since 2008 , our economy is getting worse , not better , so clearly something must change . 
  this is supported by the imf report . 
  they were making demands knowing fully well that they would n't help . 
  that 's a problem with syriza 's attitude , again not what the referendum is about . 
  the problem is that everyone is currently free to interpret it however they want . 
  even if we receive a $ 10bn loan , it wo n't help in the long term . 
  the major issue is exactly what you say . 
  you think a `` no '' is a fuck you to europe , whereas most `` no '' supporters are simply saying `` we can not survive with more of the same reforms , and something must change '' . 
  no , i 'm saying that people need to stop treating greece like lazy greedy nation , and realize we want to pay back our debt and fix our economy as much as everyone else does . 
  we simply can not the way things are going at the moment , and more austerity will not help that . 
  the proposed reforms by the troika would not improve the situation in any way , and would actually just make things worse , but we would continue to be on their `` good side '' . 
  and then what ? 
  a few months down the line we would be back here again wondering why the greek economy is still going to shit . 
  personally i do n't agree with there being a referendum in the first place . 
  all it has achieved is to split the people of my country into 2 opposite camps and made people argue between themselves . 
  roughly paraphrased and translated , the actual ballot of the referendum says this :  do you accept the reforms offered by the international monetary fund , european union and the european central bank ( troika ) on 25/06/2015 ? 
  the 2 relative documents are reforms for the completion of the current program and beyond , and preliminary debt sustainability analysis . 
  now , this deal expired on tuesday , so what exactly is the point of having a referendum anymore ? 
  this has given the opportunity for all sorts of propaganda and bullshit speculation on both sides for what the yes / no vote is all about . 
  i 'm voting no , because the terms that were on the table at that point were simply unacceptable . 
  they would destroy what 's left of our economy , causing even further unemployment , business to close , and also hurt tourism which is the main source off income in greece . 
  so again , why would i vote yes for something like that ? 
  just to be a good little puppy for troika ? 
  no thank you . 
  i 'm voting no , so that the various representatives can go back to the table , quit bullshitting eachother and proposing unrealistic deals and actually try to solve the problem . 
  the problem is that the majority european view is that by voting no we 're trying to tell europe to fuck off and that we 're not going to pay back our debt or that we do n't want to solve the problem . 
  it simply is n't so . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  you say :  no = `` i 'll pay my debts on my own terms if ever '' . 
  but that 's not what the referendum is about . 
  rather than that it 's :  no = `` i want to repay my debts and improve the economy of my country but it has become clear that the proposed reforms over the past several years have done nothing to improve my country 's economy , and i wish to find a better solution . 
  more austerity will not help anyone '' . 
  yes except that 89 % of that money went to bail out banks , and not the greek state . 
  the only difference after 5 years , is that most of our debt is owned by troika and not by private banks . 
  and what did we get in return ? 
  a destroyed economy . 
  excuse me , but this kind of exaggeration is n't helping anyone . 
  i 'm not a syriza supporter and i 'm pro-europe , but i 'm still voting `` no '' . 
  i do n't agree with many things the current government has done , especially the way they badmouth the same people they 're trying to make deals with . 
  however when you have people from all over the place spouting nonsense such as `` a no vote means grexit '' then you really begin to become frustrated and question their motives . 
  greece can not legally be removed from the eu/eurozone . 
  we 're not voting no so that we leave the euro and return to the drachma . 
  we 're voting no because the terms and reforms proposed by the troika will not have any kind of positive impact on our economy and still leave us with unsustainable debt 15-20 years down the line . 
  it has become clear , especially after the leaks/imf report , that all the austerity and haircuts have done jack shit to improve the greek economy . 
  we need reforms and changes yes , but not like the ones that have been forced on us so far . 
  i ca n't really answer that question , but i 'll say purely anecdotally that as a 27 year old , i do n't have any acquaintances whose parents have retired ( barring housewives ) . 
  my father who is in his 60s is still working and i do n't foresee him retiring any time soon . 
  you mean like the `` no '' result of the greek referendum that amounted to absolutely nothing when the government completely ignored it ? 
  i 'm greek , so this whole thing is giving me some serious feelings of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu , although our referendum was quite vague comparitavely , while this one is a clear-cut stay/leave vote . 
  still , i do n't know that a 52/48 split will force parliament to just be like `` oh well , the people have spoken '' . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i 'm not an expert on uk politics , so correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't parliament decide if they stay or leave ? 
  i do n't think it means anything legally .
