  they are n't perceived as sons and uncles and plumbers and chefs and engineers - they 're * just * faggots . 
  it was just the same with the ` enemies of the people ' . 
  once you create a toxic society , taking a dump on human rights and justice is the easiest thing in the world . 
  dunno how it is in estonia but people  40 here still think in exactly those terms when it comes to westerners , gays , small criminals or those who do n't share their opinion . 
  what 's worse - they 're pretty good at infecting the younger generation with their worldview . 
  someone thinking in terms of individual rights and liberties is the exception here , not the norm as it is in many western/northern eu countries . 
  what 's going on in russia today is the establishment of the exact same social paradigm . 
  putin succeeded in re-establishing the ussr . 
  it wo n't be long until we start seeing people disappearing en mass , i 'm willing to bet on that . 
  good for eesti for escaping the nightmare this time !, 
  i 've had very similar ideas for maths education - computer graphics makes geometry and computer science make sense ; comp.science makes algebra and statistics make sense . 
  and when you have then , you can use comp . 
  graphics again to teach calculus and linear algebra through signal processing . 
  what i do n't like about this reform is that it * seems * ( do n't jump on me , i 'm basing my opinion on what i just read ) like they 're making it far too easy :  . 
  or students who are taking a vocational course might study ` cafeteria services ' , which would involve learning maths , languages and communication skills in general i 'm not sure i like the whole ` do n't stand out ' scandianavian model when it comes to education . 
  there are plenty of poorly educated people here but the minority that does deserve its diploma is beyond superb . 
  it 's more of a social issue - we literally ca n't get kids to stay in school and many parents seem not to be aware of the meaning of the word responsibility . 
  the fact that the share of ` low-achievers ' in maths is 44 % here compared to 12.5 % for finland yet the average score is only about 20 % higher for finland should be alarming . 
  9/10 people in my class could n't solve a basic linear equation , not to mention trigonometry or stereometry . 
  what the finns seem to be doing is lowering the requirements to the point where everyone can pass without much effort . 
  not sure if i like it . 
  it 's cool for kids who are slower to grasp more abstract topics but what about those who do - that 's how you get an intelligent person out of school . 
  i hope you they do have a plan for the 10-20 % of the kids who show a lot of promise in a very specific field . 
  loads just fine for me ; o, 
  that 's called karma for macedodia , dear serbian and greek friends :  / s, 
   the other thing for me was surprising in the quantitative study is massive attitude to stay in bulgaria - 77 % never had plans to emigrate . 
  i expected this percentage is much lower . 
  perhaps those who wanted to leave have already done so . 
  surprise was the very low level of religiosity , unlike the mass application of ritual religious practices . 
  as a deeply religious identify 28.5 % , only 8.1 % believe that there is only one true religion , 41 % do not attend mosque and 59.3 percent never pray . 
   when i asked mr. alex alexiev - the fierce proponent of the threat of islamism in bulgaria , where in the rhodopes are `` sleeping cells '' of terrorists islamists , he sent me to the dutch secret service . 
  then i remembered that the charismatic nationalist and opponent of islam pym forteyn was selected first in the campaign `` great dutch '' ... 
  there are other external influences . 
  for example , we heard stories of people here do not go to the mosque , but after 1989 went to work abroad , got there in an environment of muslims gradually became religious . 
  as they returned to bulgaria , has been religious . 
  that sums it up for bulgaria i guess . 
  here 's the [ article ] ( https://translate.google.bg/translate?sl=bg&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fminaretbulgaria.weebly.com%2fminaretbulgaria%2fpost-title-click-and-type-to-edit1&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ), 
  well , on the bright side , dwarves tend to be rich : , 
  and the word that stands for 7 sounds exactly as the word for c * ck in most slavic languages . 
  lovely language : , 
  why do n't they just shoot them down ? 
  i mean i 'm not even being bloodthirsty here - the pilot can eject and they 'll simply blow up the plane which they do have the right to . 
  any reason not to ? 
  for bulgaria , many communist lovers like to boast about how good our agriculture industry was and the fact that we had factories for machinery . 
  well , detailed analysis shows that the production , when normalised against the population ( which rose obviously ) , stayed exactly the same for the first 25 years ( until the 70s ) which were actually considered the ` best ' ones . 
  the economy quickly went down in the following years and production was being sold to friendly 3rd world countries for pennies . 
  same goes for our heavy industry - it was extremely inefficient , as it was across the entire union - parts for tractors being made here while the engines are made in the other end of the continent . 
  what 's more - bulgaria * does n't have * the natural resources to sustain a heavy machinery industry the way countries like germany or russia do . 
  so ore was transported here to be used and the product was being sent back to russia . 
  all in all , it was a system designed to forcefully make countries dependent on each-other . 
  that 's the reason why the fall of the union ruined our economies so badly . 
  and for countries like bulgaria , who used to build either expensive stuff due to lack of natural resources to steamroll cheap crap or food because we had the ` culture ' ( meaning plenty of people living in rural areas ) it was a disaster . 
  what 's more - not only did they * not * support your average farmer - their policies kickstarted the urbanisation in bulgaria even before the union fell . 
  meaning , we had more people making a living out of agriculture and farm animals etc in the 30 's and 40 's than we had in the 80 's . 
  it was a complete disaster . 
  it 's beyond stupid to even attempt to rationalise the policies of the russians and argue that they had their good sides . 
  eu-wide mandatory english for highschool kids , english recognized as a second official language for the whole union only hiring bureaucrats , police officers etc who speak english . 
  i dunno about the eu but i 'd like to see that happening in my country . 
  it would make life so much easier for foreigners . 
  for those of you interested , here 's the trailer to a cool movie that goes over the topic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qx9aegbr8jw after watching it , i decided to do some stalking and here 's the fb acc of one of the main ` characters ' : https://www.facebook.com/juromanov?fref=ts i 've been following him for quite some time now and it 's sad to see how disgusted he is from his own country -- to the point where you can see him cheering for the us and weaving canada 's national flag . 
  you can find the movie on * kahem * certain websites so yeah , check it out , it 's totally worth it in case you had any doubts about the situation in russia being twisted by the western media . 
  it is not !, 
  here 's some more of it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4agdz7rcb-c http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/russian-young-man-tortured-death-hate-gay-467188 it 's also worth mentioning that more often than not , these people target gays in the 20-30y old range by pretending they 're 15-16-17y old boys and then call them ` paedophiles ' . 
  while i do n't find it ok for 25y olds to be dating 16y olds , i think it 's fair to say that when it comes to heterosexual releationships , in the majority of eastern europe that 's not something unusual . 
  on the contrary - you 'll see highschool girls dating 20-30y old men and people do n't treat this the same . 
  i hold somewhat utilitarian opinions when it comes to politics . 
  that 's why i said i only agree partially . 
  i see the rule of law and human rights as the most important prerequisites for a successful economy in the modern world so in no way is aligning with russia a beneficial decision . 
  unless you can get their monnies without getting their politics . 
  what 's more - a criminal , albeit a democratically elected one , is still a criminal - even if he genuinely represents those who elected him . 
  justice is not what people want , it 's what 's right . 
  that 's kinda off-topic but hey - i guess i like you so i decided to share my worthless opinions haha . 
  cheers , 
  i agree but only partially . 
  call me naive but a government official 's job should be to put the interests of the country before his own . 
  publicly stating your opinion on * any * matter does have its repercussions because you 're not just some random guy , you 're the head of a country and your words may have consequences for your people . 
  and a pro-kremlin stance for a country in the eu * will * have consequences , even if not obvious ones for the general public . 
  the line between an incompetent fool and a traitor is blurry when it comes to morons with power . 
  i 'd be against accusations but in my eyes he would be precisely that - a traitor . 
  coomee ooon you 're not playing fair :( ( (, 
  lol !, 
  you 're cute , buddy :3 i 'm not being a dick , you 're genuinely cute . 
  but that 's not how it works . 
  if you want to steal eu money , you give projects to people close to you . 
  ( you 'd think eu would be against handing projects over without a competition but apparently they 're not , at least here ) . 
  then they do those in the crappiest possible way with the cheapest materials and low-wage workers . 
  then they give you a few mils . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  it was a horrible mistake taking bulgaria in . 
  since then the greediest assholes got to power and it 's only to leech eu money . 
  i imagine serbia would n't be that different . 
  that 's so offensive yet so hilarious : , 
  same here except its only a few months , not even a year . 
  and it 's 60 % of what you used to make . 
  and health benefits - if you 're unemployed , you got ta play those yourself . 
  years of work experience / months of unemployment help up to 3y -- 4m 3 - 5y -- 6m 5 - 10y -- 8m 10 -15 y -- 9m 15 - 20y -- 10m 20 - 25y -- 11m over 25y -- 12m you do n't hear us asking to live off of german money tho , do you ? 
  well it 's their heritage and they 're simply preserving their national traditions . 
  vicious bloodthirsty egomaniacs have always been the rulers there . 
  even their greatest heroes are nothing but disgusting barbarians - both politicians and military personnel . 
  i 'm wondering the exact same thing .
