  i do n't care if it 's chinese or indian or whatever , as long as it 's * not * religious . 
  simple as that, 
  lol really :( ? 
  come ooon ; /, 
  i 'd say pour billions into battery technology research , electric transport and engineering education . 
  then shut the door once you can go by without their oil . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , we use oil simply because it 's the cheapest option . 
  well , taking into account all the problems that it creates and the money and human resources that it takes to resolve , i 'm sure it * will * turn out to be not-so-cheap-after-all . 
  your post sounds like a teleshop ad :d :d, 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  lol, 
  spin the bottle : , 
  or you can shadowban all commenters that use offensive language or hollow words ( such as imperialism , zionism etc ) . 
  in the end , you ca n't spread hatred without inciting it with a very specific manner of speaking or writing . 
  that wo n't get rid of * all * the trolls but it will certainly remove one negative aspect of the internet - namely , the one that feeds the poorly educated part of the population . 
  i see that all the time in the comment sections of bulgarian websites . 
  it 's mostly folks who spew hatred for its own sake . 
  people put too much thought into it thinking it 's some sort of ideology or personal opinion or whatever . 
  it 's not . 
  they 're poor , miserable and hateful and they 'll gladly hate on whatever is presented to them as a target . 
  ataka wo n't even get into the parliament according to polls . 
  / whatever, 
  oh yea , such a shame the bulgarian * oligarchy * lost 3 major energy contracts . 
  people act as if they 're going to benefit out of this and what 's even worse - as if we desperately need the money . 
  this country has both the financial capability and the support to pull itself out of the shithole yet people prefer to ` debate ' its ` allegiances ' rather than ... vote . 
  eu money being wasted on meaningless projects given to criminals ; dysfunctional judiciary system ; uneducated fools drinking their lives away ; mass emigration due to the toxic environment . 
  but hey - it 's the eu that stopped a pipe that was going to change all that . 
  it 's not our fault , right ? 
  right ? 
  huh ? 
  how is that related to these protests ? 
  i 'm so confused, 
  what 's with the rainbow hats ? 
  i can barely understand what they 're saying  .  doh, 
  oh , tell me about it . 
  our national security agency is probably just as corrupt as our cops . 
  spying on * protesters * , taking bribes , political umbrellas -- you name it . 
  freaking bulgarian douchebags talking crap about gay people in the local media and then voting for in the eu parliament . 
  such cockroaches ... 
  it 's so easy to make something go boom , why assemble it in another country ; / i 'm so happy that criminals are so dumb lol, 
  ehm , you mean our * politicians * milking nato and the eu and then dumping your parents with a 100 euros pension ? 
  great plan . 
  yep , and it 's surprising people are not concerned . 
  it 's not like we 've built a paradise here or something but our neighbours are notorious for their crappy behaviour to us . 
  now we 've got turkey with erdogan going apeshit , the greeks pretty much going bankrupt and serbia being ... well ... serbia . 
  even the macedonians spew lies about us in their media 'cause their government has to uphold the yugoslavian lies somehow . 
  i have a very bad feeling about the whole situation here on the balkans . 
  what 's even worse is that rumors are that south stream has n't been stopped . 
  well , 35c in a major city that does n't have an ocean/big lake nearby feels like hell . 
  the moment you get out of a building with conditioning , you literally ca n't breathe . 
  but worry not . 
  not only do we get +30 c summers , we also get -20 c winters . 
  ai n't that nice / s, 
  bullshit  first the germans , then the soviets during ww2 . 
  soviet occupation cost us almost 600 billion bgn and the also took 25 tons of gold with them back to moscow  edit ; i guess * technically * neither of those was an occupation from a legal perspective but ... you get the point, 
  i 've never seen or heard of violence against jews here . 
  yet i 've seen videos of people living in sweden turning their heads after people wearing a kippah , insulting them and even spitting on them . 
  there 's a huge difference between people having anti- * something * opinions and people * acting * based on those opinions . 
  we 've got plenty of the former , you 've got what seems to be a fair amount of the latter . 
  i 'll let you decide which one is more dangerous . 
  that survey that people for whatever reason post may as well be full of shite . 
  i 've never , ever been interviewed on a political topic , neither have any of my friends or relatives . 
  neither have any of theirs . 
  so that makes 100s of people , many of them with university degrees , a job and a family . 
  i used to work with a research agency for 2 months during the summer break back when i was still a student . 
  we 'd conduct phone interviews and guess what - a vast majority of the interviews were done during working hours . 
  so we 'd end up talking with elderly people from the rural areas . 
  and since you need a minimum amount of people from every age group for a survey to be considered acceptable , we 'd then go out to look for younger folk . 
  but during working hours , the only people in the 18-45 age groups that you can find in the cities are those who do n't have a job - either uneducated or just incompetent . 
  do n't put too much confidence in those statistics  that 's what i 'm trying to get across . 
   you may downvote to feel better what a nice guy . 
  thanks , 
  quite happy that i bought all the pc parts that i needed a few months ago =d, 
  i 'd go as far as calling the hunters the demonic hellbeasts but oh well :p, 
  bulgaria 's fallen victim to it too :(, 
  wow poland can into nordic :o, 
  http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/547c33cddd089594358b4597-1200-924/putin-tears.jpg that picture !, 
  even its name !, 
  lol major +1, 
  we got a tad more neonazis , that might be the reason for your experiences . 
  it 's a poor country unfortunately and poor countries often have significantly more radicals . 
  tbh i 'm ( pleasantly ) surprised how * little * antisemitism there is around here . 
  gypsies get a lot of hate , tho . 
  on the bright side , once the empire of evil collapses , it 'll be free for the taking . 
  nomnomnom natural resources . 
  yummy !, 
  everything you said is true except i simply ca n't accept that statement at face value ; / / i 'm not being petty . 
  it 's just that the whole war was such a disaster for them that i find it hard to believe that it was some sort of a conspiracy . 
  have they ever done that before ? 
  it implies malice and i simply do n't associate the us with that . 
   the reason the us invaded iraq was because a cluster of neoconservative asshats thought that destroying and rebuilding iraq would be a fast and cheap ( lol ) way to make the world a more stable place , plus they would make money through their holdings in corporations that act as military contractors . 
  edit ; had to reformat , i 'm horrible with reddit tags :(, 
  yet the us spent trillions on that war , ruined their public image and gained literally nothing out of the whole mess . 
  why did they do it then if you believe the decision to invade was unjustified ? 
  and i want to make it clear - in retrospect it was as dumb as it gets , i agree . 
  but the situation back then was really different . 
  i was still in 1st or 2nd grade yet i clearly remember all the hysteria following the wtc attacks and then the beginning of the war . 
  that sounds awesome !, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  yeah , decided to give him the benefit of the doubt .
