can we finally start castrating people with an iq below 100 ? 
  / s ... or kinda / s, 
  i 'd love to spend a few months in norway . 
  maybe a few weeks in tirana too but i 'm kinda scared of going to albania =d, 
  well , on one hand you have a country that simply wants to do business ( aka make monnies ) . 
  they would occasionally give an ` advice ' regarding your external policy but that 's about it . 
  on the other , you have a country that wants to colonize you , exploit your resources , put criminals in power and murder the opposition . 
  so technically yes , it 's ` switching dependencies ' but to be more precise - it 's switching slavery for a dependency . 
  indeed . 
  as much as i dislike the guy for turning russia into what it is today , shit 's gone so deep i simply ca n't see the federation turning back to normal in this century . 
  it 's been almost 30 years for us since the fall of the ussr and the soviet ghost is still around . 
  for russia , it might as well take 300 to recover . 
  i really do n't envy our kids - they 'll be the one to deal with the worst unfortunately . 
  shots fired =d, 
  except you ca n't do that unless you 're 16 + years old :(, 
   boys and girls dance side-by-side on the cars in a rare opportunity that flouts the community 's * conservative values , in which youths are rarely allowed to mingle with the opposite sex * . 
  haha , good one dailymail !, 
  except for the 15y old impregnated girls that we hear about at least once a month, 
  you interested ? 
  lmao now i realise my post may seem a bit ambiguous . 
  many people in eastern europe equate the west with wild * capitalism and credit slavery and that sort of bs . 
  then they try to convince you that life in russia is great and everyone 's equal etc despite russia 's wealth being concentrated in the hands of a few individuals and ordinary russians living in slums . 
  ofc they 've never been to russia and their kids are studying in western universities but oh well , they 're all international relations / econ phds, 
  talk about capitalism ... 
  many . 
  fun fact : https://www.google.com/maps/@42.690754,23.337275,3a,75y,144.08h,83.29t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1srxsebcsvokwe89pukvhhjw!2e0?hl=en-us this boulevard was called adolf hitler during ww2, 
  i 've no idea what 's the situation in other centra/eastern eu countries but as far as bulgaria is concerned - we depend on and look up to the eu to solve our domestic problems through political pressure from brussels . 
  the trust in the eu has been steadily rising over the last few years , 1-2 % per year . 
  recent survey published in bulgaria shows that up to 79 % of the population in bulgaria is convinced that the eu * must * have a role in the fight for a normal judiciary system here . 
  to the question `` should bulgarians show solidarity with the french society regarding the accident with the killed french journalists of charlie hebdo ? '', 
  , 82 % agree `` yes , we 're part of the eu and share the same values '' while the other 18 % think the french do n't really care about us so we should n't care about them either . 
  between 50 % and 70 % of the interviewed see the eu as a positive force and believe the actions of the european cooperation and verification mechanism has had a positive impact on our society . 
  8-12 % say they do n't just do n't know and 5-15 % say it makes no difference . 
  in other words , some 12-20 % of the general population are against the eu and that number 's been steadily declining over the years . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that half my friends have university degrees from countries such as ireland , england , the netherlands or germany . 
  i ca n't think of a single person below the age of 30 who has a positive opinion on russia or the us or who would like to see bulgaria * out * of the eu . 
  as far as bulgaria is concerned , that report is simply absurd . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/flash/fl_406_fact_bg_bg.pdf http://alpharesearch.bg/userfiles/file/0115_public_opinion_alpha_research.pdf ( those are in bulgarian unfortunately  ) i would n't mind translating them , tho . 
  following the same logic , taking out your penis and ejaculating in front of the audience will be a funny bodily function worthy of their admiration . 
  i 'd like to give you the dictionary definition of ` decadent '  characterized by or reflecting a state of moral or cultural decline : you decide if that fits the narrative . 
  i think it does . 
  i 'd also like to clarify that i 've got no problem with breastfeeding . 
  i had no issues with that video until that guy started squeezing the host 's breasts and milk started pouring all over that place . 
  you 're probably well aware of that but painting me into the colors of a uber-conservative ignorant asshole would fit your narrative much better , would it not ? 
  i 'm starting to see why people are genuinely disgusted by this website . 
  the samethink and the indoctrination is mind blowing . 
  it 's impossible to have a differing opinion and share it w/o getting downvoted into oblivion . 
  i came here a few months ago being an extremely liberal , well-meaning humanist and now i leave with the intention to vote eurosceptic or as a last resort - far-right . 
  sadly , it turns out nothing is up for discussion with the left and lies , insults and strawman 's are the only arguments you 'll ever get . 
  i wo n't pretend to understand how sex shops are related to what i mentioned but i 'll answer you anyway - yes , we do have sex shops . 
  no , we do n't use our toys in public . 
  as a matter of fact , social norms are guaranteed by law and i 'm pretty sure it 's the same in your country . 
  humanity has considered itself the pinnacle of evolution/creation and superior to animals . 
  that type of behavior is an insult to most people 's own dignity . 
  that 's why many of us do n't like it . 
  i do n't want to be reminded that i 'm a walking piece of meat that stinks and shits and leaks fluids . 
  whether or not you agree with such a worldview is irrelevant since the main purpose of law and society is to provide for the least common denominator . 
  so excuse me for having a personal opinion and somewhat christian morals . 
  depending on the point of view , it could also be inductive reasoning . 
  either way , i was n't trying to prove a point , it merely a rant =d, 
  what what ? 
  can i not find it distasteful that a woman 's breasts are being squeezed in front of an audience and that such behavior seems to be finding its way into mainstream culture ? 
  modern culture in a nutshell - . - i bet the people laughing at this also have paintings in their homes , made by an artist who poops on a piece of paper and smears the stuff with his face . 
  i 'm expecting fellatio machines to start appearing in public places to prevent rape . 
  actually never mind , better not give the nordic governments any ideas - . -, 
  based on my observations , i 'd say 1/3 of the population here smokes . 
  but if you were to go out it 'd seem like everyone 's a smoker . 
  there 's no stigma - people do n't care as long as you 're not being intrusive with your habit . 
  smoking is also banned in public places like restaurants , cafes , airports etc. 
  there 's sadly one major issue with that and it 's the eu at the root of it - cigarettes got pretty expensive since we joined the union and many people tend to buy smuggled cigarettes . 
  a 20-pack of licensed cigs costs 2.5-3 euros while a smuggled one about 1-1 .5 euros . 
  the country is losing over 0.5 billion / year in tax . 
  the mafia is thriving because of eu regulations . 
  which is a real shame . 
  i do n't understand why we do n't allow people to pay and blow up things with old equipment in controlled environments . 
  over the past few years , here in bulgaria we 've had multiple accidents with military equipment warehouses blowing up . 
  one of those was a long time ago and near the capitol and i felt and heard it at home - it was that big of a bang . 
  it says ` food ' ` things ' ` tobacco ' and ` beer ' for me as top suggestions for `` how much does cost in bulgaria '' . 
  am i doing it wrong and can we have source for the map ;p ? 
  it 's just that i do n't associate bg with sex tourism . 
  getting wasted and all that - yeah , sure but explicitly sex tourism o_o edit ; forgot to mention , i tested using google.com/ncr, 
  not to be disrespectful but it reminds me of a cpu cooler =d, 
  you 're the second person i 'm asking for information . 
  how do you know it 's propaganda ? 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm willing to assume it contains some truth . 
  whether or not its aim is to create hatred is irrelevant to me . 
  i do n't know what country you come from but here , directly insulting people instead of stating your opinion in a civilised manner is generally frowned upon by normal people . 
  your country was doing the exact same thing on a much larger scale earlier in the 20th century in those exact same territories . 
  at the time it was seen simply as vigilante justice . 
  if you do n't approve of it , like me , then maybe you should consider not approving the murdering of civilians in my country either , huh ? 
  or are the greek still stuck in the 20th century ? 
  nah , i simply was n't aware of the german plans for populating eastern areas . 
  all i knew about the war on the eastern front revolved around the nazis ' anticommunism and suvorov 's icebreaker book which basically claims that barbarossa was a preemptive strike against the soviets who were planning to invade europe themselves . 
  so yeah , now i feel kinda dumb for my arrogant post , sorry t-t, 
  ehm , i have to admit that put this way i ca n't possibly give you an answer . 
  i just do n't see the difference between the nazis , the allies and the red army . 
  i guess i should 've put it this way  . , 
  yeah , i guess i 'd do well to read mein kampf at some point . 
  i 'm not very familiar with nazi ideology , just a bunch of events around/during ww2,
