  aaaaand here is the obligatory mention . 
  `` hey , lets come back with one less ! '', 
  i would not put my money on that . 
  if that was halloween ep , she could wear a knife in her back as a costume , would be way more subtle . 
  we will have a new bc next season , dont worry !, 
  i am sure they make felicity take the reins !, 
  wait what, 
  come one , its a faint , come on, 
  oh fuck you, 
  just a stomach stab !, 
  just a stomach stab !, 
  it can be fixed !, 
  oooooh gut punch for ollie !, 
  and for us !, 
  ruined by felicity mentions, 
  what the fuck jesus , the episode almost redeemed itself, 
  whats more insulting is that her last message was literally a fucking shipping monologue . 
  its like they showed her still having the picture which gave us some hope , then she fucking said she is not the right person for him and he should be with felicity . 
  i cant control my anger . 
  hacked/fake accounts synchronised to spam tweets . 
  do n't jinx it . 
  * makes helicopter noises with the pitchfork . 
  i thought i would never know the feeling of being triggered until i saw this picture made merely 20 minutes after the episode . 
  speaking of gotham since i did n't get hooked on it , did she get to play a bigger role/how is it ? 
  many eastern europeans and players from non euro countries tend to prefer private servers since the blizzard sub is really expensive there . 
  comparing first half of season 1of aos to second part of s3 of arrow is a bit of overstatement . 
  what a lot of people tend to forget is that this show is not directly based on anything , rather than loosely picking up references from marvel to build its own story , hence it had to spend some time worldbuilding . 
  id say they didnt rush in , instead they just established and developed all the character so it could pay off in the winter soldier phase/plot twists . 
  i distinguished them by their specialisation , one was a tech and the other was a doctor which was clearly stated throughout some episodes since they dealt with both tech and biologic issues . 
  wait till all the writers and the other `` fans '' bail here if arrow gets canceled , you will start regretting it . 
  oh god , black cat in the mcu would be interesting . 
  also a question did she havee a solo comic series or is a part of any running one ? 
  i am trying to get into american comic books lately and looking for things to read . 
  its so sidelined , its barely noticible and gets resolved quickly . 
  season rebooting season 3 and 4 could be great , and they have two other shows that have the perfect tool set to do it . 
  it could have been a great reboot 3 way crossover event , we could have oliver remember the original timeline and shit , it could have been nice . 
  he refers to the article linked in the main post i believe . 
  this is how you show class , by not disagreeing with me !, 
  welcome to the shocked people club , heres your pitchfork . 
  but seriously , do not forget to leave an appropriate rating on imdb at least , it may give an impulse for the change . 
   presented as strong female character ? 
  check, 
  u focking wot m8 ? 
  i would add you 5 extra bucks that it also gives her the scream , because why not ? 
  honestly no , but now i know what you are digging at . 
  sounds like every arrow 's villan plot ever `` we can save the show by destroying it . '', 
  on one hand i want to upvote you for a terrifying , but well thought idea . 
  on the other i want to downvote you so if anyone responsible for arrow ever reads it will see its a bad idea . 
  mass effect 3 all over again . 
  you missed sarah 's second death on the island . 
  i dont know about that , they managed to give him a felicity level shit writing last episode , whcih made me a mong of a lot of people hate his guts . 
  even hawkeye is a better green arrow , since in avengers 1 alone he used more trick arrows , hell even grreen arrow on the flash is better green arrow than an on arrow . 
  her header , her profile picture , her everything . 
  this is unhealthy for sure and she may need to seek help . 
  that 's the thing , they could have gotten away with it on arrow aswell if they could have written it well , but they did n't . 
  the shippers could have had their ship and we could have had a good bc . 
  also why only one piece , should n't they all keep one ? 
  which shows us that laurel had a bloody weak will that when after she got stabbed and stabilised in the hospital she suddenly gets a seizure and dies . 
  unlike that one fandom , people here do not use twitter bots to keep tweeting every 20 seconds for a week . 
  the final run in tanaan quest line was also awesome , brought the slight feeling of me2 suicide mission back . 
  please be a flashback , please be a flashback . 
  oh , you know a simple not really educated , traumatised vigilante guy , with a well educated goofy , light headed woman does n't really go well . 
  who would have thought ? 
  superhero tv shows are viewed by people who like superheroes , not soap operas . 
  i hope the whole debacle bites them in the assessment , hard . 
  wait till bruce wayne makes a cameo only just to ship them . 
  also that 's the downside of dungeon finder , people do not have to card about their reputation on their realm since they are getting matched with people from all over the place , and the chance is that they would t ever meet again . 
  i fell in love with brewmaster tanking , the amount of skills offer so much choice and utility which let me power through some dungeons with ease . 
  i ca n't say that i am a great fan of legion pruning now . 
  stop the ports !, 
  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck !, 
  if i have n't already, 
  if by a fakeout you mean making felicity the canary then you should call it a rage inducing copout . 
  i am pretty sure thats what they mean and they expect to calm people with the final insult by saying `` hey , heres the canary you wanted !, 
  honestly he can write a good episode as evidenced by the star city lot episode , its just that he sure as hell cant run a show or write a story in a long run . 
  with all the death magic involved i belive he may have just brushed it as a side effect . 
  maybe there will be a flashback of some sort of demon or other magical entity going through his past and all ^ ^ ^ ^ ( and ^ ^ ^ telling ^ ^ ^ him ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ felicity ^ ^ ^ ofcourse ) . 
  i agree , they could have evolved so much around those systems , so many potential fun mechanics could have been made from that . 
  maybe we could have had an ability to transform our pets by feeding them special food , just like in torchlight . 
  also being a kind of hivemind under the lich king should give them huge combat effectiveness . 
  double cast md with the no cd glyph . 
  they seem like the only company on earth that is not afraid to use metal in their cinematic . 
  everyone else seems to just use the `` epic '' music , or even worse ... dubstep . 
  i still want the full version of the actual cinematic music . 
   sandbox mode, 
  toxicity alert, 
  toxicity alert, 
  toxicity alert, 
  bullies like to have a moral high ground , even if its obvious hypocrisy . 
  you would n't want him to kill the protagonists like felicity and her mother , would you ? 
  another point why laurel 's death is utterly stupid , didnt he have an electric arrow to zap dhahahahrhrhrhkh while he caught it with his hand !, 
   healer : `` funny how that worked so much better with statue down . '', 
  and at that point the group began searching for a new tank . 
  no fuck this i would n't bear it and just wait to almost instant queue again . 
  edit : also reminds me of my attempt on doing mythic dungeons with my 670 ilvl rogue ( considerably the `` target '' ilvl '' to progress through those ) , we got another rogue that just ignored all the mechanics on the last boss of everbloom ( he was 700 + ) hopingto nuke it , which resulted in swift wipes when 2 + people got trapped in the vines . 
  i would agree with you partially on this matter , since challenge modes are a bit different bucket of fish . 
  personally , i would like to just have difficult content without the timer over my head . 
  for that kind of advice it would be required for you to post your logs/armory . 
  also , you should check warrior forums on mmochampion , there is usually a thread like `` fix my dps '' . 
  on top of that , read up some guides on icy veins/ej and check preachgaming channel on youtube , he may have some useful videos .
