  but i would love a way to copy npc 's face into my character . 
  another thing would be being able to choose and lock a bodytype on character select , or even modify stup tan/tanlines . 
  werent there swappers allready available ? 
  i have n't really checked them out , ever . 
  woulnt they apply to armor aswell ? 
  one more thing , is there a way to manipulate long hairstyles to make them longer or shorter ? 
  codename `` oracle '' would work great for felly . 
  i would highly reconsider it then , expansions are a great expense in my country ( imagine paying about 200 dolars ) so buying them yearly would be not worth the money . 
  seems like they got lori to drive it . 
  and not * literal * 200 dollars but pretty much similiar worth of money when taking wages/food prices into consideration . 
  as far as i know no antivirus ever `` conflicts '' with lol , though all of them impact your computers performance taking a bit of resources away . 
  if you are not visiting anysuspicious websites or downloading from untrusted sources id suggest you download malwarebytes and just scan your system with it every now and then . 
  if not any decent antivirus sofrware is good . 
   na servers also have problems and a post gets opened days later . 
  problems like lag spikes and bad connections everywhere ( east ) and servers that are outdated ( working on a new server center ) . 
   eu had it for like 2 years straight . 
  i am pretty sure it lasted longer than that . 
  first they tried to fix most of the issues splitting eu in 2 , which kind of was a 50/50 success because great chunk of players from east moved to west anyway renewing the issue . 
  so in fact / r/leagueofkegends is just inven ? 
  on top of that he supposedly got k0u to leave nip for g2 right before promotion tournament . 
  felironzombiedragons, 
  was relevant , now i doubt anyone cares . 
  because , judging by the op 's post , they were scraping the bottom of the barrel with the skins . 
  so , by going with the burger analogy , he was allowed to have some bunt ones from the bunch of tasty ones that were given to the homeless . 
  with that said i need to add that a translation service isnt the cheapest one , and depending on the lenght and ammount of translations op could have made some serious money , if he got paid for it . 
  fair point i gues op had enough red lights along the way to expect such outcome and quit or just keep working without expecting anything . 
  yet on the other side the story , if real , says a lot about ocelote and his organization . 
  but then who will replace gabriel in alexandria ? 
  that is true , yet his role , while insignificant , feels kind of like a good addition with running the church and all that . 
  if we could go by the books then , for example , `` rise of the lich king '' crosses over with `` tides of darkness '' , `` day of the dragon '' and `` lord of the clans '' as well as has a slight connection with `` of blood and honor '' . 
  by having arthas attend some scenes from those books or just talk to the side characters or visit the locations in between the scenes of other books . 
  hell just make movies out of the books but spice them and polish them up and we are good to go . 
  some are cgi , some are more lotr-ish , some are a bit of both . 
  i just cant see a warcraft orc work as a costume . 
  it probably refers just racially ( humans etc. ), 
  rather than politically in this context . 
  the free blackhand comic gives some insight into that , you shoukd chexk it out . 
  keep in mind that it describes the au events so the original origin may still differ . 
  i would try it , but then again , it has * enormous * trolling potential . 
  so i hope there is some moderation in place . 
  this , and a sad feeling that my own life will probably be booring and i wont be able to achieve anything close to those guys in blizzard , since its not easy to start with and because the standards went up . 
  keep in mind that draenor is nowhere near azeroth in the big black or however they call space in wow . 
  outlands on the other hand got tossed into primal nether ( which is kind of different plain than space , think of sucking into wormhole in scifi ) , a space which is used to transport people with portals and teleportation . 
  with that said azeroth could be seen due to anomaly or just boop in space-time . 
  orc rogues are a thing reaching as far back as the first invasion . 
  durotan was assasinated , literally , those werent warriors that attacked him and draka after doomhammer was warned but rogues . 
  in the books it is indicated how they came out seemingly out of nowhere and when faced by direct brutish combat doomhammer actually beaten down quite a few . 
  so i would say that yes they do make sense , you just need to keep in mind that not every orc is a body builder and in game models dont reflect it , surely some male orcs have a shape worth a rogue . 
  another question would be is the opening time at midnight pst or midnight for every separate region ? 
  9am cet for anyone wondering . 
  co wtf oddone in eu !? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ its ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ him, 
  they dont even need to be ordered to . 
  they just needed to influence her to take them under her wing , without being the part of forsaken the valkyr are just game to be hunted down by adventurers and others . 
  another thing may be that the single valkyr that sacrificed herself to save sylvanas aftermthe suicide may still partially influence her since she most likely was a powerfull one . 
  that would explain her change of character after wotlk . 
  she was never that bad before , and surely she respected other leaders a lot more . 
  i gues she knows as much about how hell looks as we do , so anything is posible . 
  maybe the boss fight would be a fight to release her from the control of valkyr ? 
  there is a theory that they at least may influence her actions . 
  so the fight would end up with her living and regaining her `` sanity '' by killing the valkyr outside and inside of her , that would require shards of frostmourne and its sould tearing abilieties to suck the valkyr out from her . 
  ( the ones that ressurected her ) 3, 
  the only question that i can ask is : * why ?!? 
  i agree that thrall was the right guy for cataclysm , but people like malfurion shouldnt be limited just to hyjal , he at least could have made an appearence in hour of twillight . 
  her ult ticks are considered autos , hence why hydra works so well on her . 
  i think even 4chan would be slightly ashamed . 
  i gues the reconnection is the key words here , untill you reconnect back and play it should be all fine . 
  the paintings apartment kind of had similliar vibe to michonne 's home from the flashbacks . 
  we are truely truely sorry . 
  we ca n't get rid of this show for years now , and it just keeps getting worse , can someone send help ? 
  / r\u0252zm\u0252v\u0259 v t\u0252ku /, 
  yes , we cant get this show off the air from more than 10 years . 
  worse than that , older audiences believe whatever is shown there to be true . 
  another one , they way they leave atlanta reasemmbles the way they left atlanta in season 1 van -  fence . 
  the curse started to recede as he got older and i gues he reached the kind of neutral point . 
  be sure to share some of them for laughs . 
  of different races , without totally stereotypical colors attached to them . 
  one less raid tier isnt confirmed to be surely a thing . 
  more like theorized , nothing is set in stone . 
  and dispeling and interrupting and taunting mobs away from the healers and ... 
  * joe will remember this . 
  hello ? 
  is the champ there ? 
  and what am i supposed to do with all those pitchforks !? 
  i am mad at blizzard for not making me mad !!!, 
  riot !, 
  stop oppressing her . 
  in my country there is always a warning of product placement on tv , at least in the morning news channel where they use a sony tablet to do the press segment , literally when they move to it is written on the screen `` this show contains product placement . '' . 
  but besides that i dont watch much tv so i cant tell about other stuff . 
  at the moment wow is growing again , may be due the new expansion or just the fact its good again , for example . 
  damn , too bad that the horde inn is so small it barely can accomodate the quest givers  .  . 
  so do i , so do i. :(, 
  doubt it , the basement seems to serve as a kitchen there . 
  seriously those stepford kids dont know what communism is ? 
  because some of their actions smell commie ... its not even an mens rights issue or feminism issue its just terryfying that debates get shut down by people supporting one of the sides . 
  thats how it looked in poland during the post ww2 times there was one truth and one right thing , try to say otherwise out loud and you are in trouble . 
  a minute late would make people panic in assumption that space time continuum is collapsing because the train wasnt at least half an hour late . 
  it can be supported by the people that want it to succeed for all thewrong reasons . 
  for those people totalitarian laws would be the goal , not ` equality ', 
  next champion after chad - erin .
