  well i dont even know what to say in here . 
  so yeah . 
  whats up ? 
  a few of them went missing around the world . 
  this needs a movie or tv series . 
  i dont think that after loosing a whole airplane without a trace , loosing a nuke that can be smaller in size shouldb e an achievement . 
  not really that much , possibly an hour work tops making the images alone , asuming they had a raw template . 
  on reddit , it is as good as / r/nazi just with men instead of jews . 
  i actually like a few of nidkleback songs . 
  as well as i love every part of michael bay 's transformers . 
  for some groups of people id say `` nothing else matters '' by metallica and `` highway to hell '' by ac/dc, 
  is this just fanta sea ? 
  i was probably a slightly awful person inmy previous life , in my next one i may have it a bit better than in the current . 
  mc donalds toy story ones , i still have rudy and buzz . 
  human centipede , the whole movie . 
  my motivation would return/reset . 
  i can tell you that most quest mods work fine with per ma *, 
  define upgrading . 
  the mod will require a new game to start , thats for sure . 
  just eliminate everything skyre related . 
  and run the patcher provided with the mod . 
  as far as i know there are no major issues and the ones that exist are being worked on . 
  this one comes from my parents , and afew friends with better looks , and i believe like ve it is common for many people , `` you should get a girfriend '' . 
  oh sure ill just go nd pick one off from the tree . 
  i live in a small town where all the normal smart girls allready have someone , and yeah ... 
  mind control , that would ensure that i had no enemies that threaten me while aleo the power could provide me some luxury . 
  with her assets that could be some high quality/budget porn parody of her popular films , awesome . 
  not really food , but once when i was around 14 i xouldnt effectively take a dump for about 3 weeks , so when it finally came out , well lets just swy it wasnt smsll , nor the experience wasnt pleasant . 
  shepard . 
  once in the school times i realized that i got pulled onto a hate train against one guy for no reason . 
  when i realized , i immidietly noped off of it and apologized to him for being a dick . 
  oh i can relate , i just tone my self down and tone up slowly as i get to know the person better and adjust to their tolerance . 
  maybe connection status/ping indicator ? 
  it never is . 
  samem the worst part is that i started to dream and daydream like that allready . 
  i tried that version previously , with same effects . 
  tho i dont really understand what you quoted , is it rquired to be changed after flashing ? 
  just did a quick test , it still happens . 
  i couldnt find wny temperature/thermal related options in celle menu sections of bios . 
  `` just cc her . '', 
  he did ragequit . 
  make it interract with the warding totem so you can place more wards with it ? 
  loot council with epgp to back it up used to work for me , the addon showed the gewr that people used so i didint have to run around and inspect , while ep/gp would decide when two people with more or less equal gear colided . 
  from some interviews with women in poland that survived the war , they said that germans were at least trying being civil about it , they offered them to take them for a date , which obviously couldnt be refused , but still they taken them out for a dinner and such trying to keep it the least brutal . 
  while russians moved in , they just straight out raped . 
  this . 
  so instead being lets say hired on a farm , some people would go like `` lets plant some vegetables of what not and work towards growing them '' instead of just being hired to do it . 
  looking at how players and actually a very few big characters are traveling to draenor , there could be a warcraft rts covering the pararel events on azeroth . 
  that ofcourse would work if they sticked with the idea that we are stranded . 
  he didint kill orgrim , just defeat him . 
  later orgrim was imprisoned by king terenas ( artha 's dad ) and later escaped/was freed by someone and met the frostwolves , they along with grom hellscream started liberating internment camps . 
  when orgrim got mortaly wounded he passed the doomhammer to thrall . 
  i would also be interested . 
  [ this should do . 
  ] ( http://s3.vidimg.popscreen.com/original/12/og9qnlrpehhfavux_o_totalbiscuit-gangster---clip-from-tb-vs-jesse-cox---star.jpg ), 
  director agent `` phil son of coul '' coulson, 
  pasta !, 
  think about the children !, 
  you monster !, 
  and then killing his daughter when you get reminded about her aswell !, 
  i dont think that character immersion is that important in game like league . 
  the thing you described would maybe work in an open world game . 
  ... mi , yu , everybody 's ass !, 
  if for league i can just go to / r/loleventvods and get just those highlights , then i bet there are sources for anything else . 
  if there are no sources like those , then there is some free market spacr that can be filled . 
  there are still * companies * that would probably look to pick try it out , if not espn itself . 
  there are people with big wallets out there that could make it happen , easly . 
  i want this for my healers . 
  there are a few good places to visit in poland :, 
  grave of a forgotten soldier is a place worth visiting , as well as warsaw uprising museum anfpd few other places . 
  i wont name any particular places but its worth visiting since it just soaks with polish culture . 
  since your mother is mostly afraid of neo nazis the festival should be just the right place to visit , the entry is free and it lasts 3 days from first to third of august . 
  the main theme of the festival is peace and love , the leading music type is rock music . 
  i am going there since last year so if you are interested in going there i coukd help you out a little , just toss me a pm . 
  besides those there are places like gda\u0144sk , zakopane , toru\u0144 that may be worth visiting but you need to reaserch them yourself . 
  ill try to add something in the morning with links if anything ckmes to mind . 
  you knoe the dreadlord you fight in stratholme crusade wing ? 
  in cataclysm we got a followup on that story , that he got revealed and came by to resurrect all the scarlets in eastern plaguelands as undear that he conteols . 
  so that quote may refer to them being manipulated . 
  he had a cameo in twillight of aspects pushing thrall forward when he was about to give up . 
  http://i.imgur.com/lp4eoyy.png try thiw , it is not the most accurate one but works well displaying the book timeline . 
  as far as i recall the book , he talked to thrall as he knew him frkm the previous events . 
  may be the case that med surpasses time with his current power level . 
  basicaly like blizzcon tickets . 
  basically you buy the tickets , both virtual and physical , through blizzard store which requires you to login onto your battle net account , which is linked with your blizzard 's games and all the goodies , like world of warcraft minipet are disposed after the purchase . 
  i dont see a problem here . 
  now i do . 
  i know that it doesnt add much . 
  but i feel that him getting fired was his own damn fault . 
  katowice is in march . 
  i thought it was dead ... :(, 
  i am pretty sure the rule aaplies per league . 
  janna x jinx or janna x diana would be cool to see . 
  and not scales technically but * plates * . 
  and here i am saving up money i should use for food while commuting to my university just to buy the damn thing . 
  :( fuck the eastern european currency . 
  event better , start watermarking the pics we post with some clever offence towards 9gag, 
  that honestly sounds like the most reasonable solution for riot to just control the leagues in ny region . 
  for korea it seems it would actually be moreo f a profit than a loss for them anyway . 
  i gues the features you mentioned would help me with fixing everything i dont like about forehead/eye models , being able to sculpt them and all should just let me fix it by hand .
