  i chose culture , then i had to choose a topic , so i chose `` double standards in the culture of the usa '' since it relates to english speaking country 's culture and seems like a popular topic overall . 
  my overseeing teacher seems to approve of the topic so i believe that its not that bad . 
  i basically have to write a 30 page work based off academic sources on the topic . 
  so , just to make sure if someone say that the general stance that women hitting men is ok but the other way around is not much of a double standard ? 
  at least you spared yourself the awkward punishment of knaak books , not that all his books are bad , but just the writing style gets awkward . 
  my worst experiance comes with `` day of the dragon '' , there were few things that annoyed me througut this book . 
  1 ) the shoehorning of rhoninxvareesa , the whole love/romance plotline felt so forced i almost puked . 
  `` oh she resented the guy but she started to like him , because reasons . '', 
  2 ) the jumping between locations was like a rollercoaster ride , now we are following rhonin here just to jump to deathwing there for 5 sentences and to someone else because reasons . 
  it was really annoying . 
  with that said `` war of the ancients '' was really good . 
  i actually had fun with this law once , i literally stood up to go take a piss and as i left my room instantly turned around , gues who 's queue just poped ? 
  for some time i even made it pop faster that way . 
  no i know there is no way that really worked , but it was still fun . 
  bringing up quillboars is kind of tricky , since we dont really know whole lot about the story behind them . 
  i mean the tauren arent that much of warmongers and even they werent getting along with the boars , there has to be something there that prevented more peacefull approach under thrall 's command . 
  with that said i would add that original orcs were pretty honorable race , but that at the same time very primitive . 
  if you played mass effect series it would be easiest to compare orcs with krogans and burning legion/garrosh with salarians . 
  that still doesnt explain why were they fighting the orcs in the first place , my best guess is that they are too primitive to negotiate with to be begin with . 
  thats a model concept from around 2005 . 
  as a personal preference i would say the induction itself doesnt have to be too long . 
  in regards of content :, 
  * a woman hypnotized , following commands with blank expression and not sluggish movements . 
  the slow and sluggish movements seem to be more annoying then cool in most videos . 
  * implanting triggers making a woman unable to resist commands while being aware/unaware of what is happening . 
  like playing simon says . 
  * sending off a woman to hypnotize her friend ( s ) for some girl on girl/threesome action . 
  * keep the least ammount of focus possible on the guy , hell he may not even have a voice like in girlsgonehypnotized videos . 
  well , those are the ideas i can come up with . 
  do not forget to leave us a link when the work is done . 
  also , i have forgotten to add , take inspiration fromthe latest manips posted here they are pretty good . 
  just to point it out , mods are indication of the community more than game developers . 
  in other words , skimpy dresses sell . 
  which of na/eu lcs teams do you predict to have the most action packed games ? 
  which matchup will be the most crazy ? 
  you are more or less right , the only thintg you really got wrong is that it was a camp for orcs sick with red pox , mother greyah was takin g care of all of them . 
  basically orcs had enough decency nto to kill their weak/sick , just exile them to be left on the old world 's shithole . 
  hell , properly played bm can shit on the other specs , its just a bit more about the player than it meets the eye . 
  altough that doesnt mean it could use a bit of love from blizzard . 
  last time i heard riot is earning 1.27 $ per player per month , which isnt that much untill you take the ammount of players into account . 
  on the other hand , blizzard , a company who could do it aswell has different priorities and is mostly about monetizing their games makes hots with price ranges bigger and more obvious than league . 
  so , in other words , riot prioritizes their legacy a bit more than income, 
  how so ? 
  on a short term , yes . 
  most of people in and around my realm ( defias brotherhood eu ) seem to care most for themselves . 
  i was in few guilds but it seems that most of the times they act as closed groups that need people as nessecary evil to fill their groups . 
  you cant even start a conversation in gchat , since unless you are someone they allready know they will ignore you . 
  you cant even point out that veteransaltx doing 8k dps may be the reason that we reach the enrage timer for the 20th time , i get it its someone you know but that holds us all up wiping/with no progress . 
  all of this draged for so long that i just learned to ignore the chat entirely i am forced to beg mighty pug leaders to deem me worthy with my achievements rather than speak with my actions in a guild . 
  assorting dominance over high figures of scourge connected to the network , fighting off burning legion trying to hack in their way into the helm ? 
  10/10 - your comment was ok - ign . 
  its most likely the cosmetic quivers and ammo pouches they talked about earlier . 
  exactly , i really doubt that op is the only person getting fucked over by this decision in his guild . 
  personal loot causes only frustration , while a properly managed master loot can be really nice to everyone . 
  i have noticed an increase of high ranked players in my normals , the avarage league sed to be around silver but now suddenly i bump into plats/diamonds each second game . 
  and when they are on the enemy team while your team has silvers it kind of turns into a slaughter most of the times . 
  either way i dont know who to blame here , the off season , the ranked restrictions or my falling mmr . 
  with a heated , spiked collar . 
  i keep telling those damn rogues that flamethrower would benefit them , they never listen . 
  can confirm aswell . 
  after playing this game since the very start , filling turned me into a support main and now it proceeds to turn me into a jungle main , which i like way way less . 
  yeah , i often just despise my self for playing support so much , now i cqnt lasthit worth shit . 
  which admin was it ? 
  and why is he gone ? 
  i gues he may grow with the ore he eata , so as he hits the foundry 's magazines , he bexomes a danger as he may grow too big and too hungry . 
  hey , hey , hey he actually has to use them as partof his abilities !? 
  you know how much effort does it take to press 4 buttons in a teamfight !, 
  that may not be the main goal . 
  riot could prioritize ( re ) vitalizing e-sports in the west to maybe one day reach the magnitude of the east . 
  another thing would be that focusing league in asia would starcraft the game a bit further . 
  i am pretty sure that if they would do an movile app , they would hire an apropriatw departament to work on it , rather than detracting game devs from their jobs . 
  at least their hearthstone division looks pretty promising with link, 
  can you speak up !, 
  dont you like their vlogs !, 
  its fun while it lasts , but can leave you scarred in the end . 
  i was 9 when i got my dog , after 14 years we had to put him down due to cancer at the begining of december . 
  soon , 2 months will pass and i am still unable to escape my grief and depression . 
  when you get one young , you just get so attached and its the routine , the reality you know . 
  come back from primary school , walk him , come back from middle school , walk him , high school , walk , back from university classes , walk , go to the shop , take him with you , because why not . 
  talk to him , give him attention when he comes by to your room . 
  then , at the end , watch him get hurt by cancer so much that from an really lively dog in four days turns into a barely walking one . 
  that acompanied with the fact that all the things he acompanied you since as far as your memory goes back were with him , now its all gone . 
  how do you go out to get yourself a snack at local shop if he is not there to come with you ? 
  how do you stop yourself from getting up from whatever you are doing automaticaly to get rwady to walk him ? 
  some people say that i should get another one to fill his place , but now in getting another dog i would just feel like betraying the old one and just another one i would have to burry at one point , which i dont know if i could take . 
  qlso during iem people were poking fun that he was afk playing hearthstone during some games . 
  my answer would be `` why cant yoy talk like an educated person ? 
  you would understand perfectly what i said without being annoyed . '', 
  everyone has its own right to talk the way they want , free speech for christ sake . 
  remember , there are people like you out there , or just ones that would not mind , they may be hard to find but they are out there . 
  and by that point he probably got to his second buff . 
  no , no , no , nooooooooo i refuse to belive in that lalalala i refuse . 
  still better than bothering with kids . 
  man trump vs link on hs would be anminteresting match . 
  clg white fined for racism 25000 $ . 
  how exactly ? 
  to be honest , they could just take a step back from drama and focus mainly on plot advancement and action with less forced drama and more straight forward writing . 
  the thing is that they came back frkm that portal when outlands stabilized . 
  it is stated in tbc flavor text that at one point they have picked up and left , and thats the last time we heard of them . 
  it was retrieved by one of the bonechewer orcs from the tomb and brought back to draenor ( they were there chasing guldan , then retreated after losing to alliance ) , then it was retrieved by grom , given to nerzul , nerzul traded it to deathwing , khadgar took it from deathwing .
