  aswell as fighting each other kind of makes no sense either , but well some people cant poay this game withou pvp i gues . 
  we consider live to be the most fun , but replays may work as well !, 
  oh good barrens chat we wont miss you . 
  well i gues he meant fromashes , since javik was pretty integral to the story . 
  i have played the game with and without the dlc and it makes hell of a difference . 
  a very story heavy companion that gave a greater insight to the story was a release day paid dlc content . 
  quite awesome , maybe the gun could become soul magic/thresh chain-y or lantern-y looking since her old gun would probably hurt her so she made a new one . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/nobbel87 ) has probably way better more informative and in depth videos about wow 's lore . 
  since the video you linked sadly had many flaws about it . 
  well , not nobbel grade stuff . 
  but hearing * `` so yeah there was stuff and things that heppened . 
  * '' i find it kind of sloppy-meh . 
  the thinking part seems to be quite sloppy/overlooked . 
  the ogre empire is an old ally of the troll empire , they had a portal established long before the dark portal , but lost contact after draenor blew up . 
  but now the portql reactivated to alt draenor and they are looking to reunite with their old allies . 
  simple !, 
  easy and not really innovative , just 3 colour variants for one model and thats it . 
  wotlk had more varied rare pet pool imho . 
  i gues that you havend read mmo-champion forums , i once saw people complaining about bench texture being unrealistic or something as ridiculous . 
  warning : spoiler ahead since i cant get spoiler tag to work  . , 
  ^ doomhammer ^ dies ^ while ^ fighting ^ against ^ blackhand ^ at ^ the ^ end ^ of ^ talador ^ questline . 
  they want to rematch alliance and beat them trowing the team off of their game so after a while frogen leaves to join nip and team crumbles , calling it . 
  gues i am not obvious without obligatory '' / s '', 
  combining the money with his other points makes it look like a waste of sponsor money and all that . 
  reversing the shield nerf from nami 's ( or was it lulu 's ) release would benefit her a lot , keeping the ad buff for the whole duration is kind of big , rather than keeping it for whole second while the shield gets popped . 
  honestly i feel that it will be reaper soraka , it is just more likely . 
  how about durotan ? 
  he seems like a nice pick . 
  they just ripped the idea off star wars !, 
  how about two teleport shrines ? 
  they would have worked like and objective , whoever kills both guardians will be able to use the , for lets say three minutes . 
  and a great doom player . 
  * after 9 months on a hellish island ... *, 
  noxian poppy , that would be a odd twist of events . 
  good idea !, 
  made a post there aswell . 
  i would argue about her magic/fighting skills . 
  i might be wrong here but most of the training shandris recieved was comming from tyrande herself , with sisterhood of elune being capable fighters aswell . 
  for the magic , i believe that whole society knew some basics of spellcasting at least . 
  edit : also with malfurion and illidan gone , what would happen to the future , would highborne stay ? 
  would 2nd invasion succeed ? 
  i can se a few scenarios here . 
  i would shoot for sunstriders to step up to leading position . 
  it could cause the highborne to stay , on kallimindor at least , in better terms with the night elves or even maybe find another form of druidism with cenarius . 
  potentialy without high elves in ek humans would not ever rise to such level as they were/are , but they may be closer with dwarves/gnomes in this scenario . 
  it hurts . 
  so a bit like the dark knight returns ? 
  i am experiencing the same thing right now being 22 . 
  the dreqms come like a month in advance , and whenever something gets on the track of the dream i go like ` it would be funny if he 'd just say/do tha ... oh damn . ' . 
  some of those can be daydreams aswell . 
  like 45 % of content related to lol was moved out of this subreddit into another smaller ones since some people found it anoying it seems ... 
  so i am not even shocked that als posts are getting removed . 
  oh god , yes please . 
  i wish dig pciked udyr that game , would make it even funnier . 
  that 's likely , but remember a lot of his damage depends on reaching his target , so he can technicly be kited away . 
  can confirm , being funny works only as a bandaid in public . 
  probably the gesture made it too much , i dont know the incidtent tho . 
  and you coudlnt predict the world champion as easly . 
  we should still find ` old ' thrall in cot hyjal and old hillsbrad . 
  as a tank i believe you just need to survive long enough for celestial guardian to do all the dps , additionaly make a good use of the charged forges and you should be fine . 
  ca n't you take the aggro off with regular spells like thunderclap etc. 
  indeed , i dont want lol to share sc2 's fate and have ogn to be just hosted in studios in different part of the world instead of having a region i can idenfy with , those players are korean and chinese , which is a bit different culture then na/eu and it is harder to indentify with . 
  id rather have few medicore teams that i care about rather than bunch of korean teams i will stop caring about after a week . 
  also , inven reactions , implying that even korean fans are better . 
  + same in twilight of the aspects it takes few solid hours to get from coldarra to wyrmrest . 
  i think it was kalec rallying the blues to liberate wyrmrest from twillight hammer forcea . 
  i am unsure tho , its been a while since i read it . 
  meanwhile in europe i still dont get what is going on . 
  i mean like your internet provider sucks ? 
  pick from the 4 other ones . 
  lately ( as of pre-wod announcement ) a vocal minority of hunters kept asking for the ` lone wolf ' talent since they sucked at pet managing , i gues you could blame them for that . 
  damn nerds playing their games and getting excited about it !!, 
  european here i just said that i am considered changing providers to instantly get 10 times the internet i had for the same price when my contract ended . 
  come get some freedom from the glorious eu, 
  loking from culture studies point of view , we * kind of * do . 
  picking up spell vamp as a quick second item works for me really well maliny the trades easier . 
  it is an x-men reference to cable character . 
  seems like i used [ true vision enb ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/15983/?tab=2&amp;navtag=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nexusmods.com%2fskyrim%2fajax%2fmodfiles%2f%3fid%3d15983&amp;pup=1 ) with [ post-process effects addon for enb ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/50638/?tab=2&amp;navtag=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nexusmods.com%2fskyrim%2fajax%2fmodfiles%2f%3fid%3d50638&amp;pup=1 ) i am unsure though . 
  lets just say , as an another example , that i was flamed for supporting as janna just two months ago . 
  but now that she got picked in worlds , she is everywhere . 
  damn same , i am sick of booring thundra while leveling in northrend , i surely dont want to live there . 
  considering that most popular games now are multiplayer , you usually do need to interact with people that you play with or against , or just skype with your friends playing togheder . 
  also , `` zombiefied '' ? 
  i dont think you know what that word means , becuase if someone was supposed to just randomly press buttons without a thought in a game like lets say heartstone that person wouldnt even do anything . 
  by looking at how offensive you got in your edit ... ah fuck it . 
  i will just tell that you are putting everyone in the same basket , so just to put a bit diversity into the fold of discussion ... story time . 
  i am the only child in the household ( though i am about to move out , lets juet say that i am not american and i adjusted that part to better fit while having to explain cultural differences less ) , my father is an alcoholic controling prick that wants to enforce everything by shouting , so yeah spending time with that guy is something i totally dream of . 
  while my mother is the polar oposite , and overall good person but used to be overprotective . 
  my irl friends ? 
  lets just say that one had to flee the country to avoid jail other became an early father , while i am about to finish my bachelor 's degree . 
  now , with the background out of the way ill move to the main point . 
  i just enjoyed gaming as an interactive medium that is more pleasurable form of story trlling than movies or books , while the latter are a great filler for the story , hence my gaming `` career '' started . 
  anyway as you may imagine my father is not a person worth interracting and gaming is great way of annoying him . 
  my mother ? 
  oh well we found a nice way of interacting that made everyone a winner . 
  there is a tv in my room and a couch , so when i play games on my pc , and dont talk with anyone on skype , she comes over to watch some tv and we actually talk . 
  my non fugitive friends ? 
  we played games togheder and visited each other from time to time to make a lan party or help out with each other 's pcs . 
  anyway , what i am trying to tel is that not all the famillies are worth interacting with , and you still can play games togheder or spend time togheder playing them . 
  if someone is supposed to endure watching television just for the sake of interaction , the other person msy actually endure picking up a pad/playing hot seat .
