  so i just came back to me3 co-op and i noticed those 2 new awesome packs , and since i am a bit lazy to search for an answer , cqan anyone tell me are those here to stay or will they be removed after some time ? 
  hello there . 
  i bought gw2 on release and after reaching 80 i kinda stopped playing , now iam trying to come back to my ranger and i have few questions :, 
  are there any non grindy ways of gearing up ? 
  are the ranger issues fixed or are there any viable meele builds ? 
  is there something more to do than repetetive dragons/wvw ? 
  if rangers are still fucked to be annoying to play , is it worh to make a warrior specd in bow/rifle ? 
  besides all that , what are the thinfgs that keep you entertained in the game you want to share ? 
  i would really like to start playing again but every time i log in theres literally nothng interesting to do . 
  would the survival outside the usa look different ? 
  since usa are kinda flat if i recall correctly ( or at least easier to roam for the walkers ) , while europe for example has many rivers , tiny islands , mountains , and my favourite : peninsulas . 
  i mean the zombies cant swim , right ? 
  so tehnically you have to wall off only one direction . 
  other cool things that come to mind are castles . 
  what are your ideas ? 
  so i recently bought all the story dlcs ( + weapons ) except omega , and since i am running really low on funds to buy stuff with i 'd like to ask if it 's worth to buy that dlc , since i heard its kind of subpar compared to the others . 
  in other words : is omega worth my last bucks ? 
  clearly after looking up the skin on youtube the skin changes only model textures and art which is classified more into 750 tier [ youtube link . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edsqdoowdkc ), 
  description of 750rp tier :, 
   skins in the new 750 rp tier feature new texture and model work as well as a new splash image ; and some skins in this tier will feature new animations . 
  40 skins from the current 975 rp tier will have their prices lowered to 750 rp, 
  we expect that 10-20 % of skins in 2013 will be released at 750 rp , and they will be eligible to be put on sale . 
  examples : little knight amumu , explorer ezreal, 
  and here 's 975 rp tier :, 
   975 rp skins feature a new model , textures and splash image ; some skins in this tier will feature new animations , visual effects and sounds where appropriate for the theme of the skin . 
  we expect that 50-75 % of skins released in 2013 will be 975 rp , and they are eligible to be put on sale . 
  examples : haunted maokai , jade dragon wukong, 
  so , um hello there i guess . 
  i am having problems with myself , i do n't know really where to start , for someone else than me it would require to write down an autobiography to understand . 
  where to start ? 
  i do n't know so maybe ill go with the first thing that comes to mind :, 
  i have a dog for 12 years now , i love him i really do but for the first few years i was just abusive asshole to him unloading my anger and frustration caused by my dad who is , was and will be a total moron and i just hate my self for doing that to that poor being , i just can see that he does n't trust me as much as i wish he would . 
  this leads to my dad , dare i call him like that he is well hard to describe , not really an alcohol addict ( at least he thinks so ) , since he can stop and not take a sip of alcohol for weeks , but when he does . . he becomes someone else even worse asshole then the one he is while sober with random anger attacks and such . 
  i hate my self because my mother who is an awesome person has to live with that peace of shit and it is my 5 or seven years old fault because back then when asked what do i think about my dad leaving i could n't comprehend the situation so he stays , and hell he wont leave now tough i would gladly kick him out my self , thats howi finish this paragraph i guess . 
  so schools , oh social education and bearing with other people . 
  primary school was alright , middle school ( 3 years between 6 classes of primary and 3 or 4 of high school ) tough was a hell on earth it is not a secret that this school this stage is the worst for everyone some have it easier some have it worse , i was bullied for those 3 years by that one prick with adhd it was a excuse for all his actions no matter how harmful or humiliating , after that i went to high school for 4 years ( technical ) first 2 years were bad , things i went through in middle school just did n't let me trust other people , until 3rd class i have n't made any friends class mates were making fake accusations of being gay . 
  during 3rd class i made some friends , still i felt better to go back home be alone for some time and play some games with friends on-line those friendships really helped mt to go on , t now one of my biggest internet buddies is slowly moving on , he meta girlfriend really great girl i know her and i am happy for them it is just that because of them moving in together and him having a job neither of them has much time to even talk with me which makes me feel really lonely and sad . 
  so i scratched around relationship , once i almost hooked up with someone but decided that the kind of relationship would be just pain for both of us , she was childhood 's friends cousin , really great girl and i really regret the decision i miss the laughing and cuddling and i am really afraid i wont be able to get close to anyone as i did with her , but hey years pass and we live on , i know she found someone and i live on . 
  anyway , i forgot to mention something more about my mother , she 's really great protects me from my father but the cost is getting too high i believe . 
  5 years ago she had a heart attack , she was dead for short period on the table but the medics brought her back , that day i tough she died i just saw what my life with my father would look like , him bringing in drinking buddies me doing all the housework and i wondered how long would it take for me to snap and just kill the fucker . 
  but gladly that did n't happen , my mother is alive but i feel guilty for what happened to her and feel like a burden without which she would have a better life the same goes with the internet couple i mentioned earlier they know how i feel and i guess they think i may be suicide , i do n't know my self damn it ... 
  but that seems to make me a burden also for them . 
  i fear that i wil become such a burden if i et into relationship with any girl , that i will become like my father and ruin her life , hell that i wont be a good father if i happen to have kids that they wil hate me as i hate my own father . 
  present day : i try living a normal life i got through 1st year of college . 
  i am going to woodstock festival on 30th of july , i have n't really intended to go there but a female classmate from college asked if i go so i just tough * `` why not ? 
  '' * and called one of my high school friends to get a spot in a tent . 
  in the back of my head i am getting my hopes up that she is at least a little interested in me and maybe i will find some happiness , but the realistic side tells me that the whole trip will be a week f a giant letdown . 
  it will be really awkward since i dont like to drink alcohol because of my father , thinking about being drunk disgusts me and drunk people make me uncomfortable . 
  so that 's what goes through my head everyday and bothers me every minute . 
  doubt there will be many people willing to read such a messy wall of text composed from loose thoughts , but thanks anyway, 
  for me the song would be : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st2h8fwdvea, 
  in the first part it would show clips of me walking to school , moving on to clips of facing every day life with teacher 's parent 's bully 's quotes . 
  the last 1/3 of the trailer would be me taking a long road to college during winter and ends with the summer semester as the calm part of the song rolls in . 
  so i am experiencing random long freezes of my game in few specific spots , like whiterun , around the market/tree/companions areas and during battles in homewar quests and i gues riften is the worst . 
  in the most other places game roons smoothly , sometimes freezing for like half a second while rapidly turning . 
  i tried multiple memory fixes , disabling enb etc. 
  and they dont seem to help . 
  heres my boss load list :, 
  hello dear / r/skyrimmods i am currenty starting a new gameplay as a atmeri female mage and i have allready noticed that the robe models in game are kind of `` meh '' , would anyone recommend any robes , please ? 
  since most of the armors on nexus are light or heavy . 
  so recently i came around to an idea of playing a battlehealer using alternate start , skyre and cco . 
  this would mean that my role in combat would be reduced to healing and supporting my followers . 
  but the problem is that i cant seem to find a proper follower mod . 
  aft sems slightly outdated and lacking , ufo is just meh from my experiance and eff doesnt sem to support custom followers . 
  another problem is that `` housecarls are tanks '' doesnt seem to work properly with skyre . 
  so toughts ? 
  suggestions ? 
  ideas ? 
  i ca n't seem to find the damn option to do so !, 
  so me and my friend are starting a commentating project on twitch and we need someone to cast over !, 
  we are looking for a euw ranked teams from plat or above . 
  ( although even normal premades and lower brackets are welcome ! ), 
  i am referencing to the part of wota trilogy when tyrande got caught by zin azshari forces . 
  as in the title , would malfurion fail ? 
  would she take vashij 's place as the naga general ? 
  same post as in / r/wow . 
  i am referencing to the part of wota trilogy when tyrande got caught by zin azshari forces . 
  as in the title , would malfurion fail ? 
  would she take vashij 's place as the naga general ? 
  i kind of like making new characters and latel i cant get anything to fit my likings due to the lack of some face assets , like noses that by default have only wide versions . 
  i 've been trying all the univision/eeo/etc . 
  mods and cant seem to get anything to either work properly or fit my needs . 
  does anyone have any decent face asset mod to recommend ? 
  hi / r/techsupport !, 
  recently i decided to update my bios while looking for some performance improvements as i noticed some annoying freezes in few games . 
  and after installling 10.5 drivers , my cpu started throttling randomly , after investigating the issue i noticed that cpu margin in amd overdrive went to -185 * c causing the throttle . 
  the odd thing there is that msi utility shows a proper temperature and that with 10.0 version of bios no throttling happens only with any newer ones . 
  my motherboard is msi 870s-c45 ( fx ), 
  and my cpu is : amd phenom ( tm ) ii x4 965, 
  and i got my drivers from [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.msi.com/support/mb/870sc45_fx.html#down-bios ), 
  recently i decided to update my bios while looking for some performance improvements as i noticed some annoying freezes in few games . 
  and after installling 10.5 drivers , my cpu started throttling randomly , after investigating the issue i noticed that cpu margin in amd overdrive went to -185 * c causing the throttle . 
  the odd thing there is that msi utility shows a proper temperature and that with 10.0 version of bios no throttling happens only with any newer ones . 
  my motherboard is msi 870s-c45 ( fx ), 
  and my cpu is : amd phenom ( tm ) ii x4 965, 
  and i got my drivers from [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.msi.com/support/mb/870sc45_fx.html#down-bios ), 
  [ ] ( / help ),
