  too bad it didint happen for a long long time . 
  this is actually a valid fix for this issue . 
  wow sometimes tends to fail , loading some assets while loging in , hence missing icons etc. 
  i am not sure but i think it was stated/mined out that with that talent hunter will gain an aura equivelant to his owned pets to choose from anyway it seems . 
  - oh my goooooood youuuuu tuuuupiiiid jungler why dont you fucking gank top !? 
  are you bussu molesting your sister or something you peace of shit !? 
  * yeeees moooom i will do the laundry in just a minute , no mooom i cant pause it . 
  add a twist to it and with some noise we could get riot 's casters to cast the game for us !, 
  it would be a fun event like ionia vs noxus match . 
  spiders that poped out of cocoons in argent vanguard were pretty annoying , specially if you had a bad luck with rng . 
  looking forwqrd to see your drawings !, 
  the spinner should land on `` let chauster do it . 
  also , winter split would be awesome . 
  or even better , just give 7 weekly ip boosts each monday or wendsday . 
  the unused boosts would just be gone . 
  whatever it was it sounded disturbing, 
  actually one article around this subreddit said lately tthat hbo dropped twd because it was too violent . 
  not sure if theres any evidence for that tho . 
  sometimes they try to hard to polonize the english names , like names of champs items etc , rather then speaking them with the original pronounciation , and even ifnthey do they kind of wreck it anyway . 
  another thing may be that most of polish ` casters ' for lol are 20 year olds working for lol , and believe me i listened to a bunch ( mainly esl ) and there are way too many flaws . 
  lfm ubrs need healer !, 
  no more rogues and hunters !, 
  it feels that every time they do this they try to pull of a blizzard/metsen kined of speech , but while for blizz it is natural to do such things at blizzcon as they are established as some murica styled company/party . 
  at the same time rito founders just try too hard , imho they should try something else to creat their own brand . 
  tl : dr : rito founders try too hard to imitate blizzard 's with the shout-ups , instead they should try sth else . 
  well it works for metzen and co at blizzcon , tho its a different party , it seems thats where the inspiration comes from . 
  yes , my father tends to get heavilly drunk , alcochol had influenced him a lot . 
  he basicly tends to have those outbursts of pure rage . 
  i am a nice person , but i catch my self doing thensame thing while playing lol , i dont curse in chat or anything i just yell and curse irl . 
  the other thing is that my stepsister from dads prev marriage is now an alcocholic . 
  thanks to that i am realy afraid of lightest bear turning me into him or that if i marry any girl in the future ill become the same asshole as he is to my mother . 
  whenever i reflect school times , the male teachers were always better ones . 
  come to think about it they probably were not as hormone driven as female teachers so they wouldnt come to work berserk because of a period or other womany stuff . 
  mine goes a bit further , theres no create option, 
  from my observation it works like this - if you are good looking and well off male - its not a problem to move on and find a new hookup . 
  if you are female and you do not have some extreme negative ( subjective ) feature you can move on without a worry awell . 
  to anybody else its ... 
  harder . 
  i had a chance to take up a pedagogical course at university right now , but i turned it down for two reasons , kids here are total assholes ruining the teachers by themselves and the western trend of demonizing males should reach us really soon so thats that . 
  they tooker er tribel !, 
  it was implied all over previos two episodes that `` they are weaker '' for some reason , probably the fix aron applied just plugged the leaking hole but still kept them unable to reproduce or coordinate properly . 
  hence they try to write the selves into humans to keep on working , like the rats . 
  `` one of those past games literally gave me cancer . '', 
  better than stargate rumble :[, 
  are we there yet ? 
  i damn hope to see someting like that during s4 world finals opening ceremony , they should literally outdo the ogn ones !, 
  we need to findna way to fix this by not thinking !, 
  a big company like riot should be the perfect candidate to help us with it . 
  my bet is that they werent willing at first , but with iron horde turning their backs on shadow council , they decided to abduct some of them and twist them with warlock magicks . 
  no , they are most likely crazy and twisted into * ma ' nari * , who are basically eredar demons . 
  so i doubt we should even call them draenei . 
  optionally they may just get explained as shadow priests . 
  are you planning to allow perk trees influence other mods , like you previously did , with perma ? 
  i am thinking specifically about such as hunterborn and realistic needs . 
  any eta ion beta release/tests for perma ? 
  i am totally hyped up right now . 
  i love your work over all , with skyre and all that . 
  na seems to have more personality when compared to eu , i gues few things play a role in this . 
  for example :, 
  *** language barrier . 
  *** - not every single player/team in eu can speak english . 
  look at roccat for example , some of them can speak the language , but they are barely fluent which makes interviews boring . 
  *** fanatic dominating every split up to now . 
  *** the only thing that makes the current split somewhat interesting to follow at least is because that they are not in fact at top spot and may get knocked really low/out at this rate . 
  *** inconsistency *** - `` the eu threeway '' is perceived by some people as a good thing but by some as a negative , if you look at na , at tsm for example - they are always decent , and keep improving . 
  but then when you think about eu again you see that fanatic was just at the top of the ladder because other teams were n't unable to jump as high rather than they were that good , but again that may change again . 
  *** not enough trash talk . 
  *** - the matches in na often matter because the trash talk that surrounds them , like the last game of tsm vs curse , because xspecial left tsm and joined curse , it had a meaning to it . 
  while in eu most of the trash talk is kind of forced in pre game interview clip mos of the times . 
  amen to that , i guess that more teams have/had coaches and analysts but only the ones you mentioned seem to listen to them . 
  yo yo yo , thanks for the invitation . 
  but i cant find the right quotation , so lets move that mic rotation . 
  * * passes the mic * *, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ yeah , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ suck . 
  ill go with the explanation i dont believe my self , but i find it the most pleasant . 
  it was your guardian angel . 
  honestly , as a non believer aswell , i find it probable that all that was quite fortunate . 
  waaaay too fortunate even . 
  sooo ... you had sex with him / u/ninewatts ? 
  coroners van would be more likely . 
  but honestly id just stand up for the kid . 
  look who is talking !, 
  mr. alliance flair , we still remember the spring split . 
  * how you doin ' ? 
  * credits roll . 
  in the newer version there is `` overlay '' tab that allows you to apply body/face textures . 
  the only reason i can come up with is that , for a few reasons , poles arent as fluent english speakers as people from other western countries . 
  that 's weird , according to my own education/experience its mainly because of the fact we are still using voice-over method of translating tv shows/movies , while other countries use subtitles . 
  what this does is that it allows people to pick up spoken english easier while reading subtitles . 
  also , from my own experience , since i am polish my self , i would say that a lot of people do not have the ability to speak english at all , sure its getting better now , but its not a majority , still . 
  true i got the subtitle part * partially * around , since i remember that there are some subtitles countries , tough i do not remember exactly . 
  still id say that for reasons there is a lack of fluency within polish-english speakers . 
  also , do n't forget to mention that he was in possession of possibly destructive forces gathered in pandaria , especially a heart of an old god , which would probably cause him to be released . 
  that kind of takes priority over the undead i guess . 
  this horde ? 
  not even once , it still remains the same horde it was before garrosh , it was simply fixed by removing the faulty part . 
  but honestly at this point it was more of bad storytelling with putting garry in charge . 
  fair point , altough i am kind of used to old gods being imprisoned rather than dead . 
  tried that in the first place , no luck . 
  altough i just went with the default wow 's keybind config menu and it worked allright .
