  lets just say bc and ga would technically happen with felicity donning the mantle . 
  you are right got ta fix that, 
  edit : fixed, 
  then that bids the question on why did season 4 happen ? 
  so where was dc 's foot for the reminder of the production ? 
  artemis will be played by the young canary wannabe , it 's kind confirmed . 
  too bad that most of the listed streamers are , well , how to nicely put it , underwhelming . 
  if they want a strong community , then it would help them if they get better streamers , most people on that list is really , really meh . 
  for me most of them lack direction to their content , for example swifty used to do entertaining stuff with his warrior tricks videos but that was years ago , now he is just a walking razer advert . 
  i do rather streamers like nobbel and preach who 's content has some kind of direction most of the time . 
  i 'd copy my comment from above :, 
   for me most of them lack direction to their content , for example swifty used to do entertaining stuff with his warrior tricks videos but that was years ago , now he is just a walking razer advert . 
  i do rather streamers like nobbel and preach who 's content has some kind of direction most of the time . 
  women cant be evil !, 
  you are sexist if you think otherwise !, 
  i gues he means drama times where he reads crazy internet stories people send him , mainly wow stories . 
  preach usually streams on schedule and his streaming ( unlike youtube ) is not pin-focused on wow , he often plays other games . 
  but when he streams wow ( beta mainly ) he does some kind of analysis . 
  each second week on saturday he does a webshow , which includes him and ghosty going over and discussing some wow related shit , usually fun banter , another drama time , discussing other stuff . 
  as for guild drama , you surely mean his show drama time , where he reads out stories sent him by his viewers . 
  yup, 
  it always did , its just easier to use now !, 
  basically , yes . 
  some mobs just hit too hard to stand there and take the beating through the duration of the tame , some even can interrupt you . 
  while i agree it works , it still does n't prevent the mob from stunning you , which is the main issue , some mobs do it and frost trap prevents them from casting anything . 
  i guess after looking around wyvern string will work just fine if not better , i need to research it . 
  it looked fine for that 20 second shot in a single episode . 
  man i 'd love to have so much commitment to be able to play one game for so much time a day . 
  your dog looks like my old dog who died from cancer in winter of 2014 , i miss that fucker , i had him for 14 years . 
  https://www.dropbox.com/s/6b9posk1tc1r08q/dsc_0003.jpg?dl=0 that 's the last photo i have made of him , he even had the white stripe running through his chest . 
  you can see the similarity with yours . 
  zemo was n't meant to , he was a broken , sad , depressed and crazy man using his skills to hide in shadows to achieve his goals . 
  the fact he was n't as present on the screen was imho a good thing . 
  it went out of the window in cata when he acted as if he had split personalities for every region of the world . 
  ah yes the memorable quest where garush calls sylvanus a bitch , that lady cant have any rest ever since arthus killed her . 
  its more like he got the old god in that scenario . 
  imho , twilight highlights shown him as a reckless asshole . 
  i kept expecting for the iron horse 's ancient ally , the zandalari to show up . 
  t. ... t. ... 
  triggered !, 
  what i would like to know is that if monte was to sue riot , would he have any chance in court ? 
  [ i am pretty sure its still there . 
  [ its either back or the people here are talking out of their ass . 
  and something you will eventually leave behind since its the last wod tier . 
  in lore the undead are mostly shadow priests due to that very reason . 
  exactly !, 
  being able to tame a wild animal to fight alongside you ? 
  shooting bows ? 
  where do i sign up !, 
  hah , i have the exact same feeling , considering a move from bm to enhance , i wonder if other bm hunter 's have a similar sentiment and if there is a reason behind it . 
  fish out zygor guides addon on the salt seas , it makes it easier . 
  ^ or ^ pm ^ me, 
  i mean , i would rather have adds running rather than them trying to force fill some of those long waits that happen between matches . 
  or whole wod starting zones in general . 
  i am not sure that i like her butts being exposed like that , can we have some pants added ? 
  surely , we are not at * war * against legion already for the game to be called warcraft , nono the only possible war is between horde and alliance . 
  same as we were not at war against the :, 
  iron horde, 
  mogu and the zandalari, 
  twilight hammer, 
  seriously , pvp is a game mechanic mostly realised in arenas and battlegrounds anyway . 
  since technically they are helping you to defend orgrimmar from the demons then , possibly , yes . 
  second horde cinematic shows her depth , as she is chosen , she just stands there , you can see others taking the body and moving out and she just ... 
  stands there unmoving . 
  i see it as shock or the whole situation just dawning on her . 
  actually i would tell that the writing around her that actually attempted to make her look evil was so forced and unnecessary and out of character for her . 
  oh yeah , i love this track , i wish there was an extended version available outside of the cinematic . 
  when i played league i tried explaining some ad carries that i supported things like that they need to use their trinket , so we have constant vision on the river early , or tell them to try and dodge hooks , not over extend , etc. 
  the responses ranged from silence to telling me to shut the fuck up . 
  it went below 70 last night !, 
  cataclysm was generally terrible when it comes to writing horde leaders , the writers tried to paint sylvannas and garrosh 's as evil for ... reasons . 
  elementy though gary was appearently meant to be a good leader in the end , someone in charge of eastern kingdoms kept writing him the way he did . 
  i would say sylv is a bit off because of being an undead , but still has her head straight over all and the past writing was just shit . 
  i 'd rather see a good sylvannas than another horde based villain . 
  the same commander who intentionally left the blood elves to death , the same douchewagon most of north ek problems can be traced bqck to ... garrithos, 
  but what was a point of horse 's player to be in dalaran during that quest then ? 
  could n't my hunter at least try to explain ? 
  or just straight up stand in front of jaina and tell her `` listen lady , melt my face off if it makes you feel any better , but broken shore happened the way it happened and we still need to work together . '', 
  bullshit , it was not a constant war and there were known diplomatic relations established in some cases . 
  ( old jaina/thrall meetings , ne/tauren druids , aq champaign ambassadors , baine/anduin , that one time blood elves negotiated with variants during tot and probably plenty more without mentioning our class channels often being just one of the possible channels between horde and alliance , argent dawn/crusade , please ? ), 
  the conflict is artificial and idioticaly reignited each time by the writers . 
  there would be war without alliance and horde fighting , it would be a war against a common enemy like iron horde or legion . 
  send one of her archers down to relay the message to the alliance and retreat with them ? 
  sounds simple. , or one of her flying valkyr !, 
  they fought to the last man , technically when they last fighter was incapable of fighting they called retreat . 
  not that it would matter when guldan was about to call in a titanfall . 
  who said anything about writing ? 
  talking !, 
  her rangers can talk , damn it . 
  the language barrier is a game mechanic . 
  i doubt that ranger # 23 was crucial to retreat effort and could zipline down to variants and just tell him what is going on . 
  on top of that , it all may have been a ruse by the valkyr so they would have an excuse to bring her back and motivate her into taking them in . 
  the vision of damnation may be fake . 
  to be honest , i was hoping she would try and talk things out with the boss valkyr , maybe ask her for a solution to her problems . 
  or retconned her existence entirely . 
  that would also be nice . 
  oh yeah , her nightmares made me feel bad for sylvanas . 
  or ghostlands should be like they are , or the dead scar should not be there , i believe the canaries/argent guys figured out how to clean up plaguelands years ago and would have moved in to help out north as well . 
  especially to cleanse the scourge from there . 
  not bad , although the cheekbones give me the elder scrolls vibe instead of wow .
