  national still reacts to folllw/attack commands , also worth noting that your pets follow you to yojr right/left so you can make them stick to the wall by strafing , in halls of valid you can either dismissed and resummon them in crucial points or use the `` go to '' command , it will make both pets go to one point on the shortest route , so if you position yourself properly , they wo n't pull anything . 
  good examples of places where those tricks are useful are halls of valid and dak heart thicket . 
  you can still fuck it up that way . 
  there is a bit more to it than just that . 
  not much more , but still . 
  `` muh mommy is dumb and daddy bailed . '', 
  you can control hati with that bar . 
  it works ok , although just a bit slower than the primary pet . 
  considering that the wedding is a hallucination it 's most likely that fefe will most likely get him out of with with the poooower of looooveeee ... 
  i said it in other thread , i will say it here . 
  oliver will get snapped out of the dream by fefe , and laurel 's face will shift into fefe 's in the scene transition . 
  clear cinematic sign of him moving on and her becoming the new canary !, 
  i am on a similar boat , when i try to talk to my irl friends i just feel like they bring me down even more . 
  windows 7 has a neat program that does it really easily . 
  good luck y' all, 
  this ... 
  explains so much . 
  i was having this odd craving to get drunk while bored spending my free time alone . 
  time force is * kind of * that . 
  nono , instead we introduced deadzone 2.0 mm hunters are only able to shoot targets that are n't closer than ten yards away . 
  the reason being lack of internal communication between the writers in cataclysm , if you compare kalimdor , do and data zones garden you will get three different characters . 
  880 bm here , it still took me a few tries , basically it was all about a well to ed bloodlust . 
  the way i read it , he spends most of that hour doing regular game stuff , he just knows what to auction . 
  i mean cisco got over his brother once already to be angry at barry again after the killer frost episode again . 
  late night autocorrect , it stays that way . 
  you got it right . 
  in ek , he is just an asshole , in kalimdor , he is a lot more level-headed and then in cata zones , he just goes reckless . 
  it 's worth noting that different enemies were beaten by different groups . 
  some were killed by alliance , some by horde , some by other means or lore characters . 
  it 's kind of silly to just assume that the player character participated in everything . 
  work orders that give crystals afaik . 
  it still may be , but that would be a terrible idea, 
  and crappy class tuning, 
  the issue at lower elos could be simply named : adcs, 
  for the love of god , there is a print screen button !, 
  everything that was n't orc *, 
  oh yes , i ca n't wait for those shoulders to never drop for me . 
  if it was n't an rng chance on a white attack then maybe it would be worth a hassle . 
  something like , lets say ... every aa crit shaving 1 or 0,5 second off of dire beast would be much better . 
  its more of the player issue than the game balancing / / mechanic issue . 
  i do play a hunter and i know how to control my pets not to pull unnecessary mobs . 
  i can imagine about the negative responses ... 
  nah , its more like i 've got those a few times , and possibly a few downvotes because of my rig . 
  but eh , living in a second world country , you like what you have . 
  yes , vanilla also had something called deadzones , if an enemy got too close to the hunter , he would not be able to use his ranged weapons , that and those talents were usually just a useless filler that did not contribute over all as you still played as ranged . 
  [ something curious i noticed about the guarm logs , did you notice that something is missing ? 
  ] ( https://www.warcraftlogs.com/statistics/12#sample=1&amp;boss=1962 ), 
  i see those names on damage meters !, 
  you little ... 
  one time per three minutes , so kinda ? 
  eats a battle ress , yet he is good at staying alive , how does he even do both . 
  they listened to bm feedback to improve the rotation !, 
  and they did the only logical thing , hey implement it as a legendary . 
  straight from league of legend 's thought police !, 
  aspect of the dolphin, 
  4000 - the resolution my toaster cant reach , but it can run gta just fine !, 
  its hard to judge on the note itself , it feels like it may be anywhere between a major flop to a decent buff , but the real question is , would it be enough ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfvvy724-84 ), 
  just a headsup , that trinket got pretty heavily nerfed and is not really that good anymore, 
  what is that ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/rerollwarlock, 
  with the staggering number of 23 parses !, 
  as an mmo player i just rebind it using [ sharp keys ] ( https://sharpkeys.codeplex.com/ ) it just gives me an additional keybind that i can use . 
  so instead of caps lock , its num 7 . 
  countries outside of euro zone suffer from that badly , think about it that w have to pay what is basically 60-70 euro in our currency ( seriously , its a lot and i would be much more happy to just pay 15 pln . . ), 
  or people wont be able to afford playing anymore and will just stop !, 
  eastern europe here euro to my local currency exchange rate is like 4,5 to 1 , there is no way that i am paying 50 bucks per month . 
  more like anywhere between 50 or 70 if you live in , for example , eastern europe , one euro is worth 4 or 6 of the local currency , depending on the country that is outside of the euro zone . 
  there is something called `` exchange rates '' and there are more currencies than just dollar/euro , european countries outside of the euro zone ( british pound being a notable exception here ) have to pay effectively anywhere between four or six times the same price , which does n't make it just 15 bucks , it makes it 50 bucks or more , per month . 
  with that said , would you rather pay 60 $ pet month or try and get your time with a wowtoken ? 
  nowhere is safe, 
  that reminds me about that one time in highschool where one guy was goaded into surprise attacking me on my way home over a small misunderstanding that happened earlier . 
  he was praised for it greatly . 
  i was bullied and suicidal back then . 
  i wish legendaries did n't matter for bm hunters but blizzard decided to bake qol fixes ( mantle of command ) and old mechanics that made the gameplay more fluid ( belt of seven lions ) into them . 
  but some of the jap porn has a fetish related plot , it 's important !, 
  i have n't really ( verbally ) spoken to anyone since meeting with my old friend four days ago , the feeling of loneliness is getting overwhelming . 
  i found that responding with `` oh sorry , i 'll undo that immediately '' or anything fitting the context really deterred the teasing . 
  so much this . 
  i broke the circle last year by realising how unfun that game was . 
  i am happy to never look back . 
  it 's an investment fallacy , or however it 's called . 
  i 'd suggest you get over it and just detach yourself from that game . 
  what happened , happened, 
  i really liked the video , i agree with many points but one thing that bothers me is that there is a sense of ( kinda justified ? ), 
  bias . 
  i understand the examples of female characters they made and they are more or less ok , but here 's the thing . 
  most of those characters are as relevant as yamcha , at most . 
  i know its more of an issue of side characters in general in db but hear me out . 
  if you have read db : multiverse , you are probably familiar with alternate versions of bra and videl , they are awesome ( my bias is showing , heh ) . 
  dragon ball is just missing prominent female fighters , i know that # 18 is coming back for the new arc and that great , although i think that she still became less of her own character and started to revolve too much around krillin , there is nothing bad about that , i would just like to see a female fighter that is kicking ass for her own name , just like bra/videl in db : m , those were great . 
  simmons instructed the redshirts to take the based personnel on the plane from the sector that would most likely get affected by the explosion . 
  they were most likely still out cold on the zephyr . 
  and katya grew up trained by hydra inside of shield and that explains why may keeps working for them !, 
  a checklist of things to do would be better i guess, 
  i think the sole fact that we have such differing shows that she is a well made character . 
  her strong points to me are her flaws , the whole fact that she had control issues . 
  i also liked her `` night terrors '' compared to other young ones in dbz . 
  i just have a soft spot for badass females . 
  her one flaw is that she had a lot of marry sue qualities .
