well you know how lol comunity works in regards of picking - people just rush top/mid/jungle in the first place . 
  the funny thing is i do n't know how it is to `` see '' normally so i can just asume how wide is the fov of nnormal person . 
  does that option even exist by default ? 
  i really hope that she 's a squadmate/li in the dlc , that would actually be worth spending money on . 
  ell acording to the dialogue in the video she could . 
  hell , she allready gave shepard control over `` her '' army anyway . 
  no they didint , after first meeting with council , the turian councilor either promotes shepard back to being a spectre or doesnt even mention the topic if you got your spectre status back in me2 . 
  so , yeah it 's irrelavant anyway ... 
  so ... what is geth opinion about asari ? 
  ohmagad freebies !, 
  godsmack - straight out of line, 
  it just gives me that military-warfare feeling . 
  well `` he '' is even enforced in shcools here in poland , tehnicaly you can resign from religion lessons , but lesson schelude is made the way thosel essons are midday , or placed in the ways that make signing out of them not worth the effort . 
  also , in 7-9th grade i had these lessons with a priest , all i can say he was spreading more hate , raging on everyone that disagreed with his beliefs . 
  most likely after , it makes a bit more sense to do it after the main plot , also [ you get a conversation with harbringer as a reaper instead of arbringer as a collector in the end . 
  ] ( / spoiler `` me2 '' ), 
  for me it 's just habit that came from mmos , playing yet another male protagonist is just plain booring . 
  on the sexist part ... well female character is more pelasant for a male player 's eyes i belive . 
  and of course last but not least , jennifer ghale 's voice acting is damn good . 
  edit : also i reminded my self that default shep looked a bit too much like a moneky/gorilla in first 2 games , plus he had worse voice acting in polish version on which i did my first playthrough . 
  bascily all you an do in picking lobby is tell your potential teammates which roles you prefer , and they may or may not leave them out for you . 
  actually , mranda 's voice was n't that bad . 
  tough femshep 's voice actors did pretty well and relatively close to hale 's voice . 
  origina and atitute affects your paagon/renegade points income , cant give you the numbers on this but there was article about that on me wikia . 
  someone once mentioned the idea of harbringer/reapers indcotrinating your squadmates , this would kind of fit into your idea , you would have to persuade liara/other li/squadmate/important person to fight it , or if you dont have enough paragon/renegade/war assets you would have to kill them off in a mini boss fight . 
  this , this , milion times this . 
  the last point just sums up how i felt on my first playtrough i didint let down my guard untill the credits rolled in . 
  i migh not be a original snowflake here , but femshep/liara romance is que good in my opinion . 
  and everything else is covered with awesome voiceacting from jennifer hale . 
  all the doctor who references . 
  only one i can recall right now is `` you travel with fascinating companions . 
  doctor . '', 
  - in lotsb, 
  this . . this ... kind of looks good . 
  edit : would n't original pr theme fit a bit better ? 
  i totally support this . 
  seriously , i would really watch the series !, 
  on the other hand any plans for making me1 vanilla themed intro ? 
  my choice came out of confuson . 
  i was rushing the end while doing all the side quests , so i was there at 2 am on the choosing platform trying to understand all the blabberstuff catalyst was saying , as he pictured the green beam as the best chocie and whatnoti just came along with it , since other 2 options kinda sucked anyway . 
  i belive that i that i have some mmpr soundtrack on my mp3 somehwrere ... also the lyrics really fit as you say . 
  edit : sadly it 's only short instrumental version ... 
  it may be some kind of possible multiplayer dlc tied in with leviathan . 
  `` uper secret task force '' can stand for some new mp characters , maybe even reaperized units under leviathan command , on the second tought ... 
  i hope i am wrong . 
  this looks like the nano suit from crysis d : . 
  hyy , so valve games take place in alternative reality , where reapers are replaced with combine that comes early :o . gues episode 3 will contain crucible aswell !, 
  ( keep in mind that portal is preumed to take place durning late events/after half life 2 ), 
  from a cultural-scientific point of view , yes . 
  genetics ? 
  probably not . 
  [ dont forget about the batarian lady in hospital . 
  ] ( / spoiler `` revelation '' ), 
  that 's kind of unlikely since diffrent shepards use difrent origins and atitutes . 
  - not all of them took part in blitz . 
  these are my ideas :, 
  - shurima desert ashe - ashe with like desert theme outfit . 
  - emerald or brown dragon shyvanna ( wow ref . ), 
  - lunar priestes ssoraka - some kind of monk-ish white reflective outfit with a hood . 
  actually he looks kinda like cpt . 
  price from modern warfare d : . 
  yes , beastmastery was my favorite , also can you tell me more about what 's wrong with pet ai ? 
  so if a squad carrying orbs got overrun , wouldnt the orbs just take control of nwearby reaper forces and make thwem carry themself to the designated point ? 
  i like playing ashe , but most of other carries ( ez and corki ) especially have way way way wya way way [ ... ] better kits to fight in lane which causes me to have a bad time while laning against most of other carries as ashe . 
  `` you are in my chair . '', 
  time to get my omni tool equiped . 
  and i tough that i am the only one that get 's that quote of her 's . 
  i say make it double every damn time she says it . 
  thanks for letting me know about spelling mistakes , fixed them up a little ^ ^ . 
  anyway as thisonetimeatlolcamp said , people in moba games easly jump on the blame train , since it makes it easier to cover up their own mistakes . 
  from last few games i was a person mor or less from your second example , tough i dont feel the need to explain my picks to people that dont say anything except `` mid '' or `` top `` as soon as they join . 
  to be hnest i am accepting the pick-order rule . 
  but stil if i get oportunity to not participate in horror known as laning bot with a random parner , then i usually pick some other lane . 
  but back to the point , they would follow the flamer because of douchebag circle-kind of logic , where people get rallied to bully one person while being unharmed them self . 
  as many people used to point out that it 's easier to blame someone else then admit your own mistakes , so why not bond with other players by blaming everything on one guy , they maybe even give you some honor after the game is over . 
  to make it clear , i dont aprove this kidn of logic , but it seems to be appearing more ofthen these days . 
  check the answer i just gave o red5halo it kinda relates to your post , and explains why i think people would follow this kind of person . 
  it did happen to me quite a few times till now , and i am just making assumption this is probable to happen with the honor system . 
  the community is flawed , what can we do ... 
  some people will hate me , but this could use some transitions from shepard to mp like there were in cod : mw3 between some points of view . 
  ( by which i mean the camera flying up to a diffent vehicle/person . ), 
  no doubts about that . 
  those were just workers not capable to breed , tough . 
  most likely subjects stolen from noveria , there were plenty , same as thorian creepers . 
  as far as i would ; ove it to be true id say it 's fake . 
   `` we 've done some research on this and are not convinced native voip is highly valuable for improving the community experience , especially when the players communicating are strangers . 
  for players who are familiar with each other , there is already a host of great 3rd party solutions for voice . 
  that 's not to say we 'll never add voip to the game . 
  it 's just not a high priority . '', 
  even thought of posibile voip appearance in lol gvies me creeps . 
  i kind of understand your situation here . 
  your sister 's kid sems to be a problem here , you probably should consider finding someone to help you with raising him or just consider giving hi away as he 's too much of a problem for you right now , and certainly should n't stop your career . 
  i may sound cold here but that should work the best for both of you . 
  also visiting a psychologist is nothing to be ashamed of , if someone is going to judge you by it be aware that they are ignorants . 
  people making fun of me when i was young ( kids + teachers in school ) , constant parent arguements , being treated youngr then i was by most of the familly . 
  this hits the spot in my case . 
  tough i wouldnt have anything against findng a girlfriend , probably . 
  how about :, 
  - on critical hit taken , ( or magic damage extending x % of hp ) gains a shield equal of that damage taken , 10 seconds iternal cd . 
  do n't you worry that all the new items give a bit too much power into ad carry 's hands ?
