  like blade of the ruined king on kog maw sounds just terryfying , as well as new pd on vayne . 
  not bored per se . 
  i hapen to have periods of frustration when i keep getting matched with teams that just fight between eachother rather than against the enemy team . 
  and there goes the posible batarian squadmate that we will never get . 
  i would still prefer such a big squad , rather than that small dissapointing bunch we recvcieved with me3 . 
  tough kaidan and ashley being both a live would be a neat plot twist . 
  the thing is . 
  thed squad plot got basicly furfilled in me2 , and the big me3 squad would be just a effect of your actions in previous games , it also could be that for example you start with all the squadmates but they ge killed out/leave till the end , or we could get a true dynamic squad that bw promised before me3 relased . 
  not only vs landing in hospital for 30 % of story time . 
  mordin should be a selectable squadie along with wrex and grunt ( if you help out his squad with rachni first ) on tuchanka , while . 
  thane should be a legitimate cerbers coup squadmate . 
  miranda , zaeed and kasumi should be able to join you after completing their missions , and they would stay till the end , so on so forth ... 
  oh , also more focus on squad would still be better then fighting cerberus instead of reapers the whole game . 
  traynor is sure better at geting information than the shadow broker . 
  well to avoid spoilers i will just say that me3 's ending has a lot logical flaws , aswell as it abandons or simply forgets about stuf established throughour all three games . 
  the bigger question that concerns me here is : with all the rumors i heard about the upcoming dlc it migh come out as following :, 
  - tearbraker, 
  - citadel related, 
  - possibly affects endings in some sort of way . 
  but seriously anniversary of me3 's release would be great time to fix the ending , regardless if i had to pay for it or not . 
  tenacity . 
  this basicly allows you to pick difrent bots vs. cc teams . 
  what is your opinion on dispatches in other countries , for example here in poland our 112 has some really bad stories behind it , for example :, 
  - uncouncious kid after a bicycle accident , but the dispatch refuses to send in a ambulance , the caller had to spend several minutes treatening the dispatch before he sent n help . 
  - region selection is messed , ambulances and firetrucks are sometimes sent 30km + to a accident which has a hospital and firestation almost next to it . 
  how would you comment it , and how would you feel about working in poland knowing that these situations ( or even worse ) are kind of common here ? 
  this could work like sw : tor instances , where people would also vote for renegade paragon dialogues/decisions . 
  i still hate what they did to liara , and how traynor and anyone else is 10 times better at geting important information than shadow broker . 
  if you think about it religion is all about this these days . 
  hee we have old people giging away all their money to some churchespriests that are on brink of fanatism . 
  so it 's really likely that his mother fallen in the same kind of trap . 
  since i am still a skyrim newbie , what is the armor/bow/arrows you ae using ? 
  are they moded aswell ? 
  this reminds me of certain himym episode ... 
  reminds me of good old united europe times . 
  the days of days in queue . 
  maybe pentakill sona will get her spine back soon !, 
  but she needs a spine !, 
  look at her back . 
  look at it !, 
  yeah i kinda yelled the wrong way , but idf you look aty right side of her stomach on the pentakill splash the cut in/curve whatever it is thing looks really unnatural to me . 
  its more about apocalypse prophecy saying that last or secod to last pope would be black . 
  and oh , thee would be 2 at the same time if you look at it . 
  so guy saying that he fucked my mother , did n't meant anything bad ? 
  damn i need to find him and apologize for reporting and ignoring him . 
  oh my god how dare he . 
  but seriously thats when id say thanks , unless its irony . 
  tough flaming starts usually as soon at champ select/begining of the match , or after someone dies a guy goes omfg noob wtf . 
  meh maybe i was doing too much tribunal recently ... 
  i am not sure if i like this idea , specially when adc tries to order me around what should i ward and what shouldnt . 
  especially while one whines for me to ward river while starting from bottom side while pushed to the tower . 
  pings are just too abusive spam feature if you ask me . 
  id love to answer via pm aswell . 
  bronze league chat = barrens chat ? 
  it all depends on sales , in other words if they pull out something cool they may get to make another dlc . 
  geth orbital drop . 
  orbital . 
  drop . 
  orbital . 
  drop . 
  bioware plz . 
  your points are true , but if you look on other ad carries and their survivability potential/trading bility , you will see that ashe would be simply outpoked or just killed pre 6 , that is kind of nightmare on lane . 
  you need to remember that laning phase is important part of adc playstyle . 
  i belive that ashe isnt really used in turnaments anymore . 
  i dont like saying that , but it kinda indicates that something is wrong . 
  also , i cant see ashe as a big lane bully , when you just can pick let 's say taric against her and stun whenever she wants to get in position to harass , with her lack of overall dmg and no escape it kinda guarantees a kill . 
  its even more funny thinking that most of adcs should be nerfed to ashe 's level ages ago , how long it is since they were released ? 
  `` which after using all my skills is enough for 3 shots ! '', 
  oh ... also gap closers . 
  i know . 
  there are some situations that just force you to come closer risking to get stuned , which is also stupidly good zoning tool against her , since after the stun shes just really easly killed . 
  i kinda like challanging champions but ashe seems to have just too many weaknesses when compared to the other adcs , which makes her kinda frusrating to play . 
  fast five dufing the scene where they jump off the train into the canyon . 
  one guy said '' damn power rangers '', 
  she could use a passive . 
  i love you ash ... 
  i mean miranda !, 
  damn it !, 
  as a old ot fan , i g t sy hat mathew fx is h closest reassemblence of vanillamaleshep i ever saw . 
  the alien races would stick to their va since it all would be animated . 
  for joker it would be '' * anyone but seth green * '' ( damn i cant find the link to the video . 
  this reminds me of a normal game i played some time ago , with what came out tio be 3-4 premades that my in my team team with . 
  long story short : i picked top , after not noticing one of them calling them , receiving `` i f **** d your mother '' treatment , in the end of the game i was the only one with positive score on my team , and 4x report . 
  for me it is : / n\u026a 'd ^ \u028c . li\u02d0 /, 
  that 's how i would see it in phonetic transcription . 
  new york office skyscrapers/times square , just to get that vibe of `` i am legend '' in walking dead . 
  on a larger/less possible scale i would like to see europe and other countries . 
  i really hope he will go trough a redemption-like process , that wont end up in him dieing when everyone starts liking him . 
  let 's say russia has putin , who is eastern version of chuck norris . 
  jokes aside , there would be even bigger mess when it comes down to people , since russians are seen as both freindly , but wicked people . 
  it also makes me wonder how would zombies survive in cold regions of syberia etc. 
  castles and swords would make up for lack of guns to some degree . 
  and yes , europe has strict gun control laws . 
  there is ilitary , police some security agencies still , tho so it would be just harder to get your hands on the guns but not impossible . 
  would appreciate it , i am really curious about that . 
  i know ( european my self ) but when shit like zombie apocalypse would hit the fan , we would probably go down to that level . 
  ( like michone ) . 
  close enough . 
  it is just the way i wrote it , i havent really noticed that . 
  isnt there a underground bunker below washington made for the usa 's president for example ?
