  the illusive arrow, 
  i get it that people like felicity , i get it ( as a non-american viewer ) that this is a cw production and will always include a shitty drama , that makes me skip 50 % of the episode and maybe will be catered as a teenage version of nerdy 50 shades of grey . 
  i geniuenly respect that . 
  but , if they just moved away from lovy whimy triangles and used the dialogue and time for some real character and plot development for the whole cast it would be great . 
  do n't get me wrong , i liked the initial idea of felicity as arrow 's oracle , that was quite all right . 
  it is just that the cheesy writing and forced romance ruined her . 
  right now it would be great for them to close out the whole relationship plot and just get back on the track of regular plot/development . 
  edit : as for laurel , i really like her development and i really hope that her development will be the way of putting non cringy humor into the series by bringing the in action jokes/comments in similar fashion that roy did . 
  so overall , i like it . 
  the only two tidbits i got a bit repulsed by is the intro that could take half of the time it takes . 
  aside from that the reviews seem slightly biased , but that is still in the range of acceptability . 
  anyway the video was well done , neatly edited , the graphic aesthetics are ok , the music was ok a bit boring but still all right . 
  yeah thats what i meant when i mentioned that bias was in the acceptable range . 
  as for the music , you can always try monstercat/ncs music . 
  yeah , i meant ncs but it is probably similar . 
  my big pet peeve about dcu is that batman and superman can be huge mary sues . 
  while cwverse can still balance their characters , at least for now . 
  no , mao . 
  and sometimes i get to play a traditional mage mid without getting rekt by an assasin . 
  which is refreshing . 
  well , iam a bit little way around , i craved attention , i still kind of do . 
  but generlly i found out that i can endure really well withoht relationships , i got into hobbies , started spending the money i earn at my side while studying so i can spend it on myself . 
  for example i am buying a bow and arrows for myself right now . 
  that said , i am not indifferent to my friends having relationships , i would generally love to have a gf , just i dont think i am good enough/care enough to look out for one . 
  well , i gues the shitty code does not accept the money . 
  preordered mass effect 3 , now i hate myself . 
  i mean ras like stories it seems, 
  i am getting into archery , also playing a hunter . 
  i gues regardless of the flak we get , we are pretty dedicated . 
  this , and the games are set in an imaginery fantasy setting where anything works . 
  and expanded it way past asking someone . 
  while being fa , you have more time and energy to reaserch your interests . 
  after playing it for what seems to ne 5 years now . 
  i feel burned out after one game . 
  ability to heal other people maybe ? 
  looks like graphics are set to ultra low ( ground textures ) . 
  if you mean mack , then he was pretty cool in the latest episode . 
  exactly , loved the pose he was sitting at aswell . 
  for a moment there i was afraid he would get tripp treatment with him quitting and all . 
  well , the relegations are best of 3 . 
  i mean , other games like hots for example , or any rts game just saves the replays locally . 
  i dont see the point of keeping them online . 
  we need pope francis , president obama and phreak to comment aswell . 
  and you know ... being able to walk . 
  imho winning is part of the game that he enjoys . 
  and here i am running it on hd6850 , smooth as butter . 
  may the rng be with me , for once !, 
  sooooo ... 
  season 2 will be a rerun of 1 ? 
  what if some of oliver 's enemies injures her resulting in her ending in a wheelchair , then they break up and never get bck togheder because of guilt or other bullshit . 
  on one hand , you are right . 
  on the other id say that forgivness is a defining feature of an aspect of life . 
  if i am right the novels just described the different events including time travellers with just a different outcome . 
  in other words brox is not nessecary . 
  black driver and black mechanic . 
  left usually , i gues you still can reverse the allignement of everything ? 
  although i would like to just move the map to the other side , i am so used to playing w3 . 
  664134 gta v, 
  to be honest , looking at how poorly optimized is the current client , many toasters suffer from the ram and cpu bloat the client causes . 
  redoing and optimizing it world fix more problems than it world cause . 
  i have a similiar bag , min\u0119 contains things like my notebooks , books i read during my commute and my tablet and some paperwork . 
  or it could just activate nar lane miniony automatically . 
  he is just waiting for danny to develop and generate enough dragonforce to tap into it using his wheelchair . 
  they could always develop mj into a powerless heroic person and kill her off , i would not mind since i prefer gwen , spider or not . 
  its a trap !, 
  i fear the day he may pick nidalee . 
  neither the non-euro ( currency ) central european countries where month of game is worth around 60 bucks in . 
  wrestling masks !, 
  what kind of mods have you used to achieve this face ? 
  also the enb looks interesting . 
  well ncsoft ia just one of those companies that develops 20 mmos a year ( exaggerated number ofc . ), 
  to juat milk them as much as they can and them abandon . 
  thats because season 2 is conciously the worst season that is easly topped by any of the weakest episodes of the remaining seasons . 
  yup , the ammount of silly fanservice ina supposedly serious and gritty comic book show ruined it . 
  the problem here is that mm is really dull to play . 
  or move at all , even between the casts you get punished for that , yes . 
  but imagine always playing and being able to move as you wish and suddenly you get slapped for every move exceeding 3 seconds . 
  add ridiculously stale rotation and long casts on top of it . 
  compare that to two other specs that require user input more often than in 3 seconds intervals . 
  the thing is that the spheres where we would sample people hating on blizzard are the non-self moderated forums , when the newest , most commented post may have been equal to highly upvoted on sites like reddit , so even when the content of the post was n't right or high quality or whatever . 
  hell even if you look at forums like mmo-champ or blizz forums , it is a hatefull fuckfest people will hate anything and anyone for not agreeing to their opinion that ( for example ) everyone since level one should be thrown into a world pvp area and forced to stay in it for 24 hours of gameplay so those damn scrubs can get gud at pvp . 
  its hard to judge hate for blizzard based on forums where the most controversial post reaches the front page rather than the highest quality one . 
  that explains a little !, 
  gc was using ryze to climb the ladder few weeks ago !, 
  we got him , reddit !, 
  dark red hair , green or blue eyes , shorter than me . 
  as for personality i would prefer her as a friend who i can share my hobbies with . 
  i also would love someone that i could leave with my friends and she would be able to keep the conversation going , i do not look to become one of those unseparable couples that seem to need their partner to define them and to be kept in constant contact 24/7 . 
  i think its more about him jumping the boat everytime . 
  there wasnt a * appointed * shotcaller . 
  at least the level of writing would be consistent . 
  `` your damn hellboar dug through my peacebloom again ! '', 
  i encountered a similar issue , while the fault is most likely 60 % on the side of my pc , something in champion select triggers my system to either hard crash or end up with a bluescreen . 
  aaaand tagged , i hope you will deliver op . 
  i am already not interested . 
  depends on * what * killed him , if it was an old god or one of their servants , the killing blow may have caused the rot . 
  thats what buggers me the mo st , blizzard can keep thrall in every expansion to some degree , he appears at least once in each expansion in some scope :, 
  * vanilla - he was our faction main quest ender for all the big developments and so on . 
  * tbc - he visited nagrand , met garrosh , his grandmother etc. 
  * wotlk - he was in the cinematic along with garrosh for ulduar , they were also in the toc,
