  moving onto your other point , you have to take into the fact that , for example , with illidan we played an important role as a military force assaulting the black temple and attacking illidan , as well as helping to free maiev and enable akama to put his plan in motion . 
  to put it in the right perspective , without the player . 
  neither maiev or akama would not succeed , but without them we would n't either . 
  same goes for thrall , we had to protect him and the aspects when they were vulnerable , get the focusing iris , tear deathwing 's armor off so thrall could actually use dragonsoul effectively on him , then we actually had to finally beat dw last ditch effort along the aspects . 
  again , without us they would be in quite the pickle . 
  for tirion vs lich king , its kind of badly written if we look at it from this perspective , because it that without us to distract the lk tirion would possibly get one shotted , since it seems he needed time/motivation to go super sayian . 
  fair point , i * partially * agree with you . 
  why only partially ? 
  well , you have to look at the narrative of the expansion as a whole , preceeding the fight . 
  the player is the commander , the leader of horde/alliance expeditions , which is e kind of equal to yrel/durotan/grom being the local political leaders and khadgar being the leader of large non profit organisation working in the area . 
  but , let me elaborate on why i think we were n't able to get more spotlight in the case you resented . 
  the tl ; dr version is : there technology is n't here . 
  the more complex explanation is that wow lacks the tools to support it 's player focused narrative , they lack the sw : tor level cutscenes that include the player , and let you voice your opinion instead of being a mute red shirt with the tittle of commander . 
  simply , blizz could n't include our characters in the final cut scene of such quality . 
  because of that we are stuck in a limbo between a red shirt and an important character . 
  in relation to your last sentence . 
  i think such behaviour in roleplay is called power gaming, 
  the cd/duration is quite lackluster , and it does n't scale well with level . 
  i am unsure if as a non support you can have 3 wards up late game . 
  while early game you can probably have only one green ward continously at a time . 
  ( need to double check that ) . 
  i see what riot tried to do there , but i think they overdone it . 
  guilds had a bigger use back then . 
  when it comes to dungeon finder vs old-school i am unsure what i would have picked now . 
  these days i seem to be fine having df as i am tired from socialising with a new guild , even tho i change guilds very rarely . 
  it 's just the thing that most of the times its the established click vs a newcomer and it used quite a bit of networking to get your guild dungeon group . 
  at least now i can just queue and do my thing . 
  if its a mix of personalities blending into the lich king then its worth noting that :, 
  - ner ` zhul was a technically good guy in orcish society that got tricked and imprisoned by burning legion . 
  at worst he was 50/50 good/bad . 
  - arthas was a good guy that got pushed to the dark side , again 50/50 . 
  - bolvar comes in and he seems to be 99-100 good guy . 
  what i mean is that bolvar may be the catalyst added to the mix that tips the lich king persona towards more favorable towards good guys . 
  basically this , while i love my dad , i do n't want to be anything like him . 
  people tend to joke about the town , same as there are jokes about chelyabinsk , russia . 
  as a polish resident , i would say we are * just * a 2nd world country . 
  i am going to play a bit of devil 's advocate here . 
  but an ability to solve problems by investigating a solution , also known of reading a manual or googling something is a thing and should be faster and more practical than asking . 
  then again , this is not any excuse for someone to act like an asshole . 
  that 's a bit of an understatement . 
  basically , imagine if you had a group of people that upvotes your content ( while downvoting everyone not affiliated ) after you link it to the subreddit as a easier way in to the front page as well as more views due to exposure . 
  all of those listed people are allegedly members of said group using a skype chat to communicate . 
  mew two . 
  that would open some paths for her remake or visual update . 
  at least till lvl 9 , then you can switch to blue trinket and leave buying sweeper to your jungle and/or other laner . 
  wolf v2 , at least this one can fly . 
  no , it can be the longest cinematic ever . 
  imagine two bushes with their leaves blowing in the wind for 20 minutes , then the sound of both ulting and two ignites go off , suddenly 1 second later two bodies appear ... of vayne and lucian , fade to black . 
  because they are too fixated on minorities that may be having it worse/different than common people in `` the west '' . 
  just because there are kids starving in afrika it does n't meantime have to eat the whole damn meal . 
  yep , from my experience the depression caused by loneliness makes you appreciate people , especially the opposite gender ( or in anyone else 's case the one they are attracted to ) a bit too much . 
  by which i mean getting a crush easily on some girl that was just nice while talking to you . 
  the key to dealing with that is to be aware of how things work and not rushing forward . 
  some of us may even feel happiness but the thing about it is that it is very short lived and often turns itself into sadness just by itself , nothing has to happen . 
  yes ... 
  yes ... 
  need more of those !, 
  he means that we get a higher place then na , nothing to do with kr obviously winning . 
  tbh i would argue that blitz matchup is * very * dependent on your adc , both in term of dodging and pick . 
  nice to know we got the actual unedited version on eu tv . 
  pc and sjws pop up here and there , mostly in bigger cities . 
  the thing about poland is that , personally i could classify big cities in two types . 
  one being an actual big city due to its size like warsaw and krak\u00f3w , where i could imagine people even try to bother about pc , then there are simple big towns like bydgoszcz/toru \u0144 / pozna\u0144 etc. 
  those do not seem to be as affected . 
  generally when it comes to race it was n't much of an issue , i was raised in small town along two black kids , there was n't anything wrong about them having a darker skin to anyone , they were just regular people to everyone . 
  when it comes to women i would say that the period of communism may have played a role , women and men all had jobs assigned to them by the government , so there was no technical place for discrimination . 
  for example my mother was an restaurant manager , a real authority person when it came to the venue and everyone was supposedly taught to respect the chain of command back then . 
  what i am trying to say is that i think most of polish people do n't care about gender or race since it did n't use to matter too much over here . 
  before i say anything here , i want to say that i have a biased point of view due to my parents fond memories of the times but it seems that soviets had potential to do a lot right , but the technology/economy of the time was n't really suitable to support the system . 
  that and the political mindset would have to be altered to be less oppressive , since when it comes to memories of my college teachers that and ridiculous , contradictionary laws with silly loopholes were the issue , some of those either should n't exist or be rewritten to make sense . 
  to be honest it would be interesting to see someone bring up the ideologies again in the future since the advancement of technology seems to expose the flaws of capitalism more and more . 
  speaking of comedy , i was looking for someone to ask/talk about that bit lately . 
  what do you think of kiepscy these days ? 
  the show used to be funny back in the day , nowadays it seems to be just throwing missed jokes and twisting the day to day reality a bit out of proportion . 
  do you think it is at the point where it stops being objectively funny ? 
  to add to your point , i believe the fact that goods may not have been equally distributed back then people needed to share more . 
  for example one of your neighbours may have had an abundance of fuel , but not too much sugar , and the other neighbour had something else to offer . 
  you basically traded and supported each other just to keep going . 
  then again i know most of this from people retelling their own stories . 
  looking back the shamanism was n't really that popular on aze other before orcs came there , since on their planet the elementals were pretty chill . 
  basically most potholes could be mended with a few more solid explanations in game . 
  for example if chrome could confirm or deny au draenor merging with our universe , or drop a hint or proof that our legion picked up on what 's happening and gave different demon blood to guldan explaining the different looks . 
  or maybe not avoiding making more content patches that could expand more on proteins by adding new quit lines or raids . 
  i 'd say that laziness killed a ton of narrative . 
  and after garrosh 's death horde and alliance send a messenger to the iron horde explaining the whole mess peacefully and everyone focuses on tracking down guldan . 
  and thrall crushed tougher skulls with the said mallet , the whole duel is a writing mess . 
  and then her character gets butchered by the writers . 
  she destroyed a military jet with a tablet , with a tablet !, 
  yup , league can strain friendships , so some of us would probably rather to not be penalised for playing solo . 
  entering, 
  sometimes it 's not even about the corruption the way you explained it . 
  in poland , we had ( and still have , although slightly less , hopefully it 's changing ) cases of abuse of the law by poor and underprivileged as well as any other social class . 
  due to this we kind of learned seeing people by their actions , if you work hard and act nice , you are a decent person , if you act like what seems to be the majority of those so called refugees , then i 'd say that you are just a lazy parasite that wants to abuse ev ry chance he gets . 
  the response was pretty empty , which i find concerning, 
  then again , not a single player took direct role in those events , groups from 10 to 40 did it . 
  so id say an unit , an army a invasion force did it rather than timmy the hunter . 
  another thing i would argue that not * every * kill is counted towards your faction/guild/character . 
  so lets say that alliance took down arthas , horde took on illidan and deathwing , while alliance got garrosh . 
  the whole artifact debacle is flawed on so many levels that i dont even . 
  holy he 'll , reed 's would be awesome in a show that has actual writers .
