  i like deathstroke more and more these days . 
  let me gues , you are maining mid or some other highly contested role ? 
  good !, 
  plenty of time to replace my pc with a new one . 
  it is indeed , with some edits slapped on . 
  here are some things they could implement as a mastery reward :, 
  * a mastery only skin . 
  * base skin chroma . 
  ( golden and azure janna , please ), 
  * profile background, 
  * icon, 
  * champion specific ward skin, 
  fair point , although if they take the idea from heroes of the storm , the skins could be base skins with some swag added on top of them . 
  imagine song 's base skin with her instrument upgraded to something shiny and jewelery decorating her dress . 
  this could be applied to many champions . 
  bunch of interns could handle it in a week or two since the base skins areallready here and need only slight altering . 
  to be honest , is n't that more of art design issue rather than software development ? 
  implementing the skin into the game seems to be a process simple enough right now . 
  same here , might asw please run off the cliff . 
  unless they will be allowed to switch players in the middle of bo3, 
  that or how daredevil sees it ( in the new series ) . 
  either one would be a good example . 
  on top with the tauren as a race , all the hits and movements look and feel like they have the weight a tauren would bring with them . 
  i play league since pretty s1 mainly as support , just like you . 
  the thing for me is that while i am not playing my main role i do n't feel like i can fully carry my weight , that partially stopped me from climbing until last season . 
  basically i found my champion niche , that could fill anything but adc . 
  i played tank jugglers and tops and supportive/teamfight miss which allowed me to get some control over the games as well as feel confident about my play . 
  all this resulted in me getting gold for the first time . 
  now when new champion select will come live , i will be able to specialise deeper into my preferred playstyle which hopefully will remove the anxiety entirely not only for me button everyone . 
  indeed whedon type of sudden death would be better and felicity would be a great candidate to die and never ever come back . 
  here 's hoping . 
  holy shit , and jesse and god knows how many more potential speed people . 
  krasus or rhonin manage to port the axe out after box dies . 
  that and some ( more ? ), 
  downtime on it would be great, 
  i hope she is just moved around in plot rather than removed , i really liked her character . 
  tbh , mos was very average , what i would like for the sequel is for supes to fight nolan 's bat since that iteration was well established and liked by the viewer base . 
  i wonder what happened to all the unique naval missions like the ring ones . 
  surely , there needs to be a way of triggering them, 
  tbh , if the shoulder skulls would have glowing eyes , it would be way better . 
  maybe the belt as well . 
  as for the old gods , for yogg i am pretty sure the watchers helped a bit . 
  and replacing him with the player . 
  indeed , i think blizzards tries to cater to people 's egos too much at this point . 
  making everyone a single-player hero wo n't bring back the most important thing that got wow so high up a sense of society within a game . 
  each piece thrown into a different volcano , just to be sure . 
  sometimes i think they abandoned the idea because of bladespire fortress looks pretty damn bland in comparison . 
  they would either have to reemake bladespire entirely from the ground up to make it better . 
  indeed , most of the bosses were also quite well established outside of the raid , something you do n't really see these days . 
  heh , if you want to put it this way . 
  the thing is that karabor is n't * just * better it 's basically like comparing a famous mansion to a random cave in a tundra kind of scenario . 
  simply put , bladespire was too bad rather than karabor being too good . 
  well it was a stereotype of girls rolling healers in memos , does n't really have to be sexist . 
  meh , it 's more like we did n't chose anyone else , since many people have n't voted at all , and the majority that pis got equals for something between 20 to 30 percent of possible voters . 
  i have n't voted for them myself , but there is n't really a party that you could really vote for here either . 
  if i was in military i would be happy to not be allowed into a frontine . 
  yeah , it 's not really something that laurel can influence . 
  she did n't say anything about felicity , 5/7 . 
  good < better < soviet, 
  same thing happened to me , you 'd expect mid to be the most contested role . 
  exactly , on a similar note power rangers : time force was also a kid show and that thing was god damn brutal . 
  change it to a processor , done . 
  kael had a soft spot for jaina , she could have killed him at any other point of the story , during the siege of dalaran for example . 
  as a hunter it makes me double sad that i will move from my snowy garrison to q cooler cabin that is near the top of a snowy mountain . 
  this expansion really made me dread snow and winter more . 
  unlike anakin , arthas had a pretty boring child life until his late teens , so i do n't think that there is too much tube worried about . 
  eastern european here , 15 $ here is worth a about 2 or 3 decent pizzas . 
  to be honest , that 's what was happening organically before , i tried playing as a fill type of player back in the day and ended up as a support main . 
  the thing is that going fill or even showing willingness to support would always result in being support . 
  on the other hand when someone wanted to main solo lane he had to be stubborn as hell arguing with other four mid mains in a draft queue , the new system allows us to skip that . 
  so , basically you are filling in on the demanded role . 
  now to think of it , a crossover between those two would be pretty neat . 
  lance vs murdock in the courtroom , canary vs devil in the streets . 
  ii cant watch the ep right now , but was clark gregg in there ? 
  welp , disney is leaking . 
  or the mother . 
  ah i know that feeling , too bad there is no painless off switch for our lives . 
  i am watching it on dvr , so basically when i see felicity i shout `` dont care ! '', 
  and skip the scene . 
  to be fair it 's just a tweet , draenor place in the universe was n't ever explained in game , i would be satisfied if it would simply join ouruniv rse the moment dark portal opened , simple as that . 
  he is trying to remember the spell , needs few smacks in the head with his staff . 
  i still hope they dont go with it , i would love this after i levle my monk . 
  it unlocked poisons , not stealth . 
  i am pretty sure of that . 
  the one where you broke into that tower in westfall/barrens ? 
  thats poisons . 
  to be fair it does not go in pair with the perception of wow 's beast master . 
  in world of warcraft a beast master tames a wild creature and uses it in combat , they are bound together . 
  what wild call offers is calling a random beast from the surrounding area that has no real relation to the character and * in my opinion * would be something more fitting to a druid . 
  you could use similar argument for druid forms , although i agree they had to be implemented for the artefact having a real visual impact on the character , since for example the claws grant you ursoc 's bear form or something alike . 
  simply put there is no reason not to give at least slight customization to hati . 
  to be fair , either wild call could be renamed to call of the pack that would summon our pets or there could be glyph of the pack/wild . 
  lol that reminds me of that sketch from dbz abridged . 
  but guys , whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaleeeeeeeeeeees . 
  put a surveillance on lance and force choke him ? 
  honestly , even rexxars in w3 had all his pets named and tamed , he was n't just summoning boar # 3 . 
  the quote most likely comes from blizzard qna since illidan was quite a popular topic during those . 
  i would actually love if ner ` zhul was a counterargument to the iron horde as previously warcraft/horde version of him seemed to be , he was a very wise shaman that could see through the conflict . 
  looking at diablo legendaries they could become integral parts of the build which is not bad since it gives a degree of choice . 
  they may/should use it this for hati .
