  yay , they will shake their fingers and shake their heads , the fucker doesnt give a fuck . 
  attempt to drown me in a pool during gym class ? 
  nah , no fucks given . 
  disregard the teacher , and the class caretaker ? 
  ( the school was a mix of regular and special kids school , the classes had a caretaker/assistant teacher to help the kids ) right , go ahead , insult them even or throw shit at them , you have adhd after all . 
  terrorize half of the class into bullying the other half ? 
  just a prank bruh , i have adhd . 
  try to crush your head with his bare hands just because he thinks its too big ? 
  ( mind you because he couldnt sit in place the fucker was ripped for his age ) bruh , he has adhd . 
  icing on a cake here :, 
  some kids get tied of his shit and get some older friends/brothers/cousins to beat the shit out of the guy ? 
  how dare you he is troubled and the victim here , he has adhd, 
  fuck the fact that his parents didint seem to do shit , if i would act like this piece of humans trash , my father would beat the crap out of me . 
  ( belt spanking i mean , not that i ever received one , my father was scary enough without physical violence . ), 
  where does that leave me ? 
  well , i have seen that piece of trash on few occasions since the new year , still the same arrogant cunt but just meeting him made me want to just curl up and cry afterwards . 
  i cant engage other people properly becasue of what that human trash put me through . 
  tl ; dr fuck parents who excuse adhd children for their actions , they ruin other 's lives . 
  170 pln , a pole buying it , lets just say this amount of money equals over a week worth of food for ~ 2 people . 
  that ofcourse is for a single 40 euro worth of a game ... 
  i still have n't decided on buying it . 
  bad season and a half , verging on two . 
  lets just say that your complaints will be addressed and their source is a kind of important plot point to the story that gets resolved near the end . 
  the build up is worth it . 
   unless it 's just oliver and/or diggle, 
  and laurel , she will come back after the crisis retcons her death , i want to believe . 
  gladly . 
  i think the incoming tax return may just be enough so that i can purchase it . 
  straight from the blizzard store , you can just pay for it with your credit card . 
  its probably because we are connected regionally ( as in game/shop/server regions ) with the rest of eu in general . 
  to elaborate , league of legends removed the option to pay with pln on their western server because people used it to pay less due to the beneficial eur -  pln conversion . 
   retcon laurel 's death , or at least have black siren have a change of heart so she can join team arrow, 
  to expand even more on this , they can just put her in a `` serious '' coma instead of straight up killing her . 
  it only removes the funeral scene , while still being as good driving force for every personal reaction that happened . 
  i mean if she is put in a coma she may not wake up from then its almost as bad as if she died . 
  then the coma can be used to make her a meta due to the magical energies resonating when she got stabbed and possibly inducing the coma as an effect of her meta genes reacting , something like it happened for barry . 
  now that i write this , that would connect the magic with the flash nicely as it could have something to do with the dark matter . 
  i meant it in context of other platforms such as steam or lol . 
  for battle.net they may be region locked when it comes to the shop . 
  or with the setting enabled , just click once in the generaldirection of injured ally . 
  do n't forget about the country of seaworld !, 
  lvl 43 here , i too , brakes when i got tired ... 
  i am bloody casual . 
  so , uh kind of like zarya with her ultimate . 
  there was a video about them somewhere in here ... 
  i think it 's in the gameplay tab ( may aswell be controls , though ) and then when you scroll half way through there should be something like hero specific settings with a dropbox to chose a hero . 
  league of legends encourages ( not intentionaly , of course ) by the way the game plays , if you just sit for 30 + minutes in a frustrating game , the salt kind of grows on you . 
  or get bored , but everything else is still boring so you still played . 
  this happened with wow , and happens with league now . 
  or get bored , but everything else is still boring so you still played . 
  this happened with wow , and happens with league now . 
  it 's just corn . 
  more like , 30-40, 
  i think mercile may be a bigger problem than people admit , her best work was * desperate housewives * after all . . 
  i mean that she may just reinforce guggenheims willingness to write bullshit drama instead of being someone who should trim his ideas by pointing out flaws and improving them , rather than enabling his bad side . 
   the current tv multiverse does not have that problem ;, 
  * cough * arrow * cough * olicity * cough * laurel 's death * cough * season four * cough * now , where did i put my coughing syrup ? 
  just recon here off the team to a `` regular life funny character '', 
   the way things are currently going a crisis event would probably just result in laurel never having existed and felicity replacing her in oliver 's backstory . 
  take that back , take that back !, 
  but seriously , off-season is about to come , cw #may sack the producers of arrow after the terrible downfall of this season . 
  uh oh , in this case , i hope that caity does n't come back to error , they will kill her off as soon as they can . 
  yeah , if they merge the universe , how can felicity turn out to be the * real * supergirl ? 
  the smoaks found her pod on the way to vegas , she got some kryptonite poisoning that made her weaker , and now that she has the chip in her spine slowly cleaning her system from it she will embrace her newfound powers . 
   andrew kreisberg has done the arrow crew a huge favour by keeping earth 2 laurel alive . 
  they can use her re-introduction into the arrowverse as another `` pop '' in the ratings, 
  you mean the episode where she pops up on arrow so felicity can talk her down then kill her with a lamp ? 
  to add on top of this . 
  as i said in another thread , mercile seems to enable guggenheim 's bad writing habits rather than trim them as a co-producer should . 
  or even better , what if it would be laurel ? 
  think of it this way , nyssa feels some guilt and fixes/uses another lazarus pit ( i know that gets repetitive , but it 's the easiest way out and could probably substituted with something else , i lack the dc knowledge ) to bring back laurel . 
  the bad guy sniffs that out and approaches nissan offering to fix ` feral ' laurel , which he does but brainwashes her as well and traps nyssa ( again , but her escaping could be q nice reveal for who the mysterious woman causing trouble is ) . 
  the bath in the pit can trigger her meta genes , the rest unfolds as it goes . 
  so wait , jay garrick is bran !? 
  [ the flash spoilers ] ( #s `` bran is the man in the iron mask , confirmed ? '' ), 
  more like a debuff that is a gold sink in itself , reduces your stats and requires constant attention for a few years . 
  then again , some people enjoy achievement grinding and i heard that lasting enough with one of those debuffs results in an overall buff to the society . 
  then again , i do not want to ever find out . 
  arrow gets erased !, 
  celebrate !, 
  also , still has some ap/cdr/mana regeneration on it . 
  there is literally no reason not to buy it as a support . 
  i would complain , i just do n't want the winner to be so damn predictable . 
  a korean team in an international tournament is a pretty safe and easy to predict bet . 
  sometime in the future na koreans may get to win vs native koreans , na just needs to get enough imports . 
  ( semi / s ), 
  and keeps laurel alive and erases smoaks from existence . 
  oh god , please . 
  p.ease cw execs , commit the purge !, 
   - i think the only reason they 're doing is might be to redo arrow, 
  the let down will be gigantic if this does not happen . . 
  or , zoom could have held him for a long time . 
  also two shit seasons of arrow get erased , tears of happiness . 
  they may have done it to fix arrow , hopefully . 
  the part about sara makes me hopeful . 
  well , there is a difference between hacking a surveillance camera or doors when compared to every god damn nuke in the world . 
  `` do n't eat that gmo bullshit . '', 
  while i am not watching it , i wish it was it . 
  plugins used :, 
  [ do i need a jacket ?
