  wait a minute , the last expansion li , e patch thing was n't the last for swtor ? 
  while not in the same manner as the guy above , there are times when there is nothing bad about surrendering , especially in the current meta . 
  hey !, 
  it took them only 4 episodes to get up from a wheelchair and make a dramatic exit as a cliffhanger !, 
  that counts for something , right ? 
  right ? 
  the splashart gave me hope that they may remake one of the popular [ custom skins ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/pp_ntte0sja/hqdefault.jpg ) for janna into the game . 
  does this mean that the game will be going downhill soon ? 
  vanessa ( i really liked the joke . ), 
  to be fair , its not hard to top arrow these days . 
  and build a fort next to a turret, 
  she created starbucks . 
  hmm ... w takim tempie to nied\u0142ugo wr\u00f3cimy do cenzury circa 1980 . 
  ca n't blame them , its cheaper to film cryfaces than fight scenes . 
  and being a deus ex machinima narration source in the pre-lot crossover , literally appearing out of nowhere when something needed explaining . 
  and that 's how marvel 's most wanted came to be . 
  the whole situation feels like an attempt to revive a witchunt after a guy who made a shitty joke and got punished for it allready . 
  '' ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/gfad7bl016gfm/giphy.gif ), 
  the ratings dip would send a clear message to the producers that something is wrong and people are jumping ship , which in result would help them with finally changing direction from show being a superhero version of `` the bold and the beautiful '' . 
  simply put , op cares about the show . 
  we will * surely * get 15 minutes of that plot . 
  i just want dedicated servers where we will be able to up the player cap a notch . 
  gladly , the show probably wo n't reach arrow 's level . 
  the relationships in shield seems to be fairly well grounded and seem to serve the plot , not vice versa . 
  arguably there 's more to esports than just league . 
  h. . . how did you even play a hunter before lone wolf was introduced ? 
  to be honest , as someone who has played a hunter ever since tbc i am ok with the idea of mm being able to have a pet . 
  and people that are against it seem to be more opposed of the lone wolf taking a talent slot instead of being baseline choice which seems to be the best option in the situation . 
  i know an engaged couple that met in wow , yeah it happens quite a lot . 
  self destruct sequence, 
  as someone who gdniuenly enjoys supporting with zyra , i share your compliment . 
  the post seems to address most of the right points regarding the champion . 
  i am really interested to find out about her new ( ? ), 
  passive . 
  it buffs the plants in the area while also providing a decent knockup , i would say that a well executed ultimate is * very * satisfying . 
  and they have relationship drama in there too !, 
  but unlike arrow the drama is usually resolved within the total of five minutes of an episode . 
  funny thing that in spider gwent reality he turned out to be fish 's goon . 
  ... people are so easily distracted by videos of cats . 
  walks away whenever there is anything wrong it seems . 
  same thing , aos keeps getting better , and carter was different from the first season so people may have disliked it due to that . 
  its just a weird plothole then though , cisco literally made the device that emits canary cry , why wouldnt he just make another one to use on zoom ? 
  i am interested how/if the teams will finally adapt to that strategy and how will it impact imt 's winrate . 
  savage , although you should give nrg some slack , they were just a bunch of baristas a split ago !, 
  apply koreans to fix your team . 
  apparently you can unlock next mastery levels with the champion cards/essences which is n't really that great either . 
  jesus , i am not even american but that annoys me so much . 
  i live in poland , we are all mostly white and to be honest me and most of our friends never had it easy , ironically my only black friend from high school is the best one off since he does modeling gigs on the side since he is black . 
  i feel so privileged . 
  seriously most of those chucks would not survive a day living on their own in here . 
  i mean , it does n't have to be fully like dd , it would be good if arrow went back to the quality of its first two seasons . 
  i am certain that even quests have darker markers when they are close and in a building , those changes just switch their colours . 
  well , lets see if i get the derpvision . 
  i feel like the female night elf animations would be the best ones to have . 
  yeah lets turn this sub in / r/leagueoflegends where 60 % of league of legends related topics are forbidden . 
  time force , hands down . 
  its the one power rangers that felt like it tried the gritty tone mixed with the usual tone of the show resulting in a really interesting mix and actual character development/plot . 
  well , this year rito has some possible real competition coming , so it may actually hurt them . 
  from the top of my head :, 
  overwatch - game mixing what 's good in moba , and fps with huge potential . 
  wow : legion - much less hype there but there is some potential of revitalising the franchise , considering warlords of draenor got warcraft back to twelve milion subs , it is just up to blizzard to maintain them with proper patches this time around . 
  yeah , yeah revenue ai n't shit , they came out when world of warcraft was making a fuckton aswell and people got burned out of that game after 5 to 6 years , league is reaching/may have reached this point recently and people are more eager to find something new . 
  it ( space ) tied really well into original series indeed . 
  and i think it was first or second filmed `` originally ' , instead of getting action scnes from japan . 
  at this point i just want the show to die , if they cant fix it , they may as well stop desecrating it and end the pain . 
  do n't forget we also find out later on she is also kryptonian and amazon and has the connection to speedforce . 
  which is weird by itself considering she was a kind of a bait for deathstroke . 
  felicity is n't always right , its just that the characters around her seems to think that way . 
  two shows about street vigilantes with mysterious past trying to balance their secret lives , totes not comparable . 
  hell , i would even give lana some slack , since compared to felicity she actually looks good , since she actually tried to stand up for herself/her beliefs if i remember it correctly . 
  would be more ironic if she would only recognize that name since you know who is actually a gold digger in sg universe as well . 
  m'ay i ask you sumthin red ? 
  unless his earth-1 money is worth anything there . 
  most notably in aos , since it has most episodes , the relationships are tied to the plot not the other way around , take minimal screen time and are resolved in a mature way . 
  those people dont give a damn about comicbooks , i doubt they would buy toys or anything like that . 
  last time cupid was on the show , as far as i remember , her strength was n't her fighting skill but more planning , she planted a bomb , took hostages , forced the vigilantes to make decisions . 
  the problem is that the villian portrayed by kinney is more of felicity 's villian than the arrows ... again . 
  which could also allow for the powergirl storyline . 
  first half of the first season is a bit slow as it does quite a lot of initial world building that pays of later on . 
  its because its previewed on a human male . 
  surely it looks less shit , the bm guns were underwhelming so far . 
  also interacting with ray it seems , with him and competent writing she may not be too bad . 
  also , practically a gold digger . 
  only bad ( and good at the same time ) thing about this scene is that it reminds me of similar scene when you know who crossed from arrow to flash , at least they did n't go there this time . 
  someone , bring oliver queen there for vocation !, 
  agreed , it would only make sense to have short pistols if we could dual wield them . 
  also , fireworks over warsaw refer to germans quelling warsaw uprising by literally shelling the city to the ground . 
  or just mental/social dumps , then again we should n't generalise , tumblr has a plenty of decent pornlike content creators . 
  then her sister came back and died again , her father almost died/got seriously sick all that while she works as a lawyer and trains to become vigilante . 
  nice wallpaper , mind sharing it ? 
  that 's basically her role , anti play instead of playmaker . 
  what u/waddupp described are pure supports , like nami/janna/soraka etc. 
  sure there can be tank supports etc , it 's just that a `` support '' that can solo the adc is more like an equal second laner rather than support in the word 's meaning . 
  indeed , how dares there be a champion that denies instagib from meele champions , someone would thought it 's a counterpick . . 
  he could also be a great catalyst to fix huntress . 
  since i dot rmember how her story ended so far , here are 2 options i see :, 
  - she gets broken out of prison like [ spoiler ] ( / s `` punisher , but with dharhrhrhk 's help . '' ), 
  - she gets lured by dharhkhkhkhk back to star city to unknowingly do some dirty deed for him . 
  either way , the question senses the scent of the conspiracy at play and goes out to stop her from being tricked , she owes him one in the end and all goes from there . 
  also she did god knows what for past 4000 years .
