  i just would like to see a more sayan minded bra rather than the slutty one from gt . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  yup !, 
  which is funny because the original mass effect established that earth religions mostly collapsed into mediocrity after the discoveries on mars and first contact war ... 
  hence why i used the word mediocrity , they still existed but were n't as influential . 
  mass effect - the first one - had a written passage in codex or elsewhere mentioning what i said . 
  it 's still good for some necrotic/fortified trash , like the shivarra lady in vault . 
  the hooked stack necro quite fast , you can taunt her away and let the tank drop stacks after the puppies are dead . 
  oh , i saw flogging molly at a festival two years ago , they had one of the late slots , a concert or two away from the closing ceremony but damn they rocked it hard , everyone was tired one moment and then those guys come up and just refresh everyone . 
  my father is a functioning alcoholic , while i got convinced to drink occasionally by peer pressure , i do n't do it most of the time and stay aware of the amount of alcohol i consume at all times and how it affects me and when i get but a hint of something being wrong i stop . 
  i just know what alcohol did to him , the drunk or even sober fits of rage is not something i will forget . 
  i could n't stomach doing the things he did to someone i live ( given that i meet someone like that , if not i just intend to drink myself to death to give my demise a sense of irony ), 
  itd . 
  who thought that making 411 a commercial number was good idea !, 
  i am a pole , and i could say that the map does not surprise me , the society here is quite ... hm ... behind the times ? 
  people do n't really know how to interact with each other and are usualy hostile to each other , men are still expected to be macho leaders/breadwinners/other to an extreme extent , and i mean it extreme , i 've read about how it is in the us , but it seems that at least some relationships are healthy . 
  in poland there is a huge pressure to form couples and get married , to the point of men just getting into a relationship for the sake of it , even if its not healthy for * either side * . 
  the economy and lack of prospects feeds onto the expectation of success , in poland you ca n't even afford basic livelihood for yourself working an ordinary job in a lot of cases and the employers treat the workers really badly , everyone , a man or a woman is expendable to them , although women can sometimes get away with their looks . 
  anyway , this little mess of a text is here to give some context/source of comparison for you guys over the pond and in the west in general , if you have any questions about men in poland , feel free to ask . 
  lmdaisies if you will . 
  the realisation of not sharing my experiences with someone did hit me extra hard two years ago , i go to a big metal festival here that borrowed some ideas from american woodstock . 
  well , anyway , there was this one concert , a project covering local and american hits from the 80s , neither my friend or my gf was interesting so i went alone . 
  it was awesome , the colours , the atmosphere , just great . 
  i was so pumped after the concert and came back to our camp after , exhausted , and when i tried to just let my excited out commenting on it all , they just brushed it off with `` yeah , that 's nice '' . 
  it literally made me realise how lonely o felt not having anyone to share the experience . 
  [ 502 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl94mkeedbg ), 
  also , most likely , fat . 
  people omit the fact that we killed all those bosses as a part of large assaults , as one of the soldiers that just went into that place , as a part of not-as-small task force that went after each of the big bads . 
  another important factor is that some of those people were killed by the horde offensive , and some were by alliance and some are credited to major lore characters . 
  tl ; dr we participated in some battles rather than struck the killing blow to most of the bosses lorewise . 
  works both ways , guys like lesbian porn as well !, 
  the keystone is basically the reaper iff module from mass effect 2, 
  the way they replied to the mantle of command question makes me both sad and worried since it basically confirms that they wo n't try to just bake something baseline for it or just changing the shoulders entirely so they can integrate it into a spec . 
  meanwhile broryder looks like a fucking catwalk model . 
  yep , if i even bother buying the game , i 'd probably play the male character for the first time , i always liked the fem characters more . 
  you may get to wait for them to patch all the crappy mistakes out of mass effect . 
  oh yes , orange kind of contact , this came up in a conversation i had and i was curious about something . 
  i calculated the time that passed since i had any kind of meaningful physical contact ( hugs and so on ) , it 's been 462 days , the last time was on 10th of december 2015 when i hugged my dog goodbye before my dad took him away to be put down because of cancer , i lost my best friend after 14 years then ... 
  `` i am mad at you because you cheated on me ... in my dream . '', 
  use the hd memories of the porn you have watched . 
  soldier push-up emotes , all of them . 
  isle of thunder and siege come to mind , he was quite involved in both , more so in the former . 
  dom : too soon , bumblebee , give me the wheel !, 
  i 'd rather play the game than watch it . 
  not really my cup of tea , dunno about the others . 
  lack of parent 's authority . 
  lack of parent 's authority . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  woah , woah , woah ... 
  ;o] ( / spoiler ), 
  i am going crazy trying to get my hands on that remix , too bad it is n't available anywhere . 
  literally who ? 
  that 's likely because people do not have interest in esports . 
  the show ca n't handle boobs to begin with . 
  i mean , doing world quests in resto would n't be convenient . 
  i do n't want to be the downer here but ... 
  they do , pets in most cases live relatively short lived and their deaths tend to be sudden . 
  a quest of getting stabbed in the heart 100 times with a 1 % chance to heal the wound . 
  after going through highmaul as a hunter i have to disagree , the whole raid had one elusive weapon drop for us , it 's almost as bad if not worse than the legendary system . 
  i stopped with mine at the age of 16 . 
  40 , it has been changed . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://eu.battle.net/forums/en/wow/topic/17615702558?page=4#post-67 ), 
  they reveal the walls . 
  same as the dh demon eyes or whatever that ability is cold allows them to see it . 
  its just stealth , anything non-damaging that can reveal it , reveals them . 
  as a hunter with memories of the dreadful weapon drops in highmaul , i am happy not to have to worry about dropping a weapon but just a relic that is way easier to come by , one way or another . 
  i know i do n't have the guts . 
  instead i often list who and what i would have to write to before killing myself and about a reliable way of delivering those messages post mortem . 
  i want to die is such a good phrase , not kill myself , instead just go to sleep and not wake up randomly . 
  i can relate to this so much !, 
  i set boundaries for people i know irl when it comes to sharing , it depends on their and my situation . 
  i also share what you described and the fear of loneliness us real . 
  yeah , that 's the downside of reddit , most people are american here ... 
  games seem to have worked for a while, 
  it happens to me to , i have my own reasons , though . 
  after any fun activity when i end up alone , i usually feel awfu\u0142 not being able to release the positive energy i gathered by talking about the said event . 
  i just have none to have the intimacy of sharing my happiness and it gets just spoiled turning happiness into sadness . 
  so i would say it 's quite common and i would just blame the lack of intimacy . 
  considering the social stigma of mmos/wow/videogames in general , i do n't think that others critique is a valid way of evaluating the addiction in this case . 
  more so , the former may cause guilt in this case , justified or not . 
  in general , i think it 's bad to compare alcohol addiction to wow . 
  you take that back about my awesome ** laser ** pneumatic crossbow !, 
  oh yeah , the mm weapons are waaay better , ca n't argue that . 
  bm guns are not bad for what their are , though . 
  oh that reminds me about what one of my friends did to me at the start of this year . 
  let me preface that i do n't have any good luck with girls/women so i never really been with one while turning 25 in july . 
  he is known to have some problems with his gf and we are always supportive to him . 
  the thing is , when it came down to discussing relationships , they usually shot me down kinda hard because `` how can i know ? '' . 
  this time was different , he mentioned that it 's good that he and his girlfriend like the same music and i just commented that music tastes are kinda shallow to build relationships around . 
  he responded by saying that at least he had enough sex in his prime , which was like showing an insecurity broadsword into my being . 
  screw that , i am already depressed enough without being rejected , no reason to make it worse . 
  i am glad that you have the self-esteem to keep this up !, 
  sadly , me and other guys like me tend to over think things and consider every rejection as their own fault while already having low self-esteem . 
  it 's not binary , everyone is different and reacts to things differently , the fact you got used to it does n't mean that others will/are able to . 
  interesting !, 
  to contrast what you said , i am 24 , turning 25 in late july and i am on the same boat , although i do n't really have friends nor family i could be comfortable with being the person i want . 
  sadly , many of the `` western '' solutions are harder to apply here in the eastern europe , i ca n't afford just moving out or starting over . 
  i just became very jaded and emotionally starved over the year . 
  on the bright side , i will have my first visit with a psychologist in july , maybe i 'll figure it out , maybe not .
