  but this !? 
  seriously !? 
  god whyyyy . 
  that skin is fucking awesome and i couldnt buy it jesus fucking christ that hurts like hell . 
  rp for na , more skins for kr for fixing our issues . 
  oh and maybe 3 ip boosts for us . 
  it 's not really about compensation , it 's about fair treatment . 
  kr getting god damn silent night sona for free just crossed the line for me , that skin is rare and awesome , and they get it for barely 4 days of issues , while europe is struck by server issues on monthly basis since about 2 years now . 
  which still is shorter than eu . 
  this makes me feel so awkward to be disconected form a character because the game ended . 
  it really helps to feel into the letter . 
  cracked at first paragraph diditn wanted to go further . 
  bs , he also told that he wants to advance the story few yeas later , showing for example how did carl geow up and how he 's holding up . 
  pole dancing ? 
  you can , it takes some effort tho . 
  do n't play at all if you cant alll the roles with at least 1 champ . 
  depends on what you mean of being bad at positioning . 
  if everyone in your team , including your support run after the enemy support in the teamfight leaving you alone to zed and akali , than theres probably no way for you to survive that . 
  but if your team watches over you a little bit than you just whoop asses . 
  tl ; dr good positioning can be worth shit if your team abandons you . 
  and after he was done , he went on to watch lost . 
  i know that feeling bo . 
  my parents give the most unhealthy example of toxic marrige ever . 
  because of them i am litteraly anxius of relationships because may let my supposed girlfrind down , the guilt would be too great . 
  or the less possible version of \u00b4 i want you to fix my mistake by doing the sme mistake but not \u00b4, 
  team duo mid ? 
  technically it wasnt mucn ov a war , it was more like prototype holocaust which was later perfected by nazi germany . 
  just sayin . 
  exactly what i thought while watching this , that someone think its funnz because '' * ermergherd he 's screaming , and making wierd poses to the webcam after being killed so funneh * '' . 
  i believe it has something to do of riot 's anxiety to not share the fate of starcraft 2 , where koreans just steamrolled eu and na , disencouraging many potential players from rising up , hence living those scenes kind of barren . 
  ( note : i am not really intosc2 , those informations are usually remembered from w like total biscuit shows etc. ), 
  anyway , giving korea one more team than the others would just ensure me and likely some other people that koreans would take another world cup of league . 
  anyway that 's just my take on the subject , i will be glad to be proven wrong . 
  edit : i guess i should say asian instead of korean . 
  guess you deserved it . 
  simple answer - feeling terribly lonely . 
  loong answer - i just cant decide if i need people or not , i have some good friends that i keep contact with , but they are not living close so only contact we have is via skype so i do n't have a real person to talk with , but on the other hand throughout my life so far i 've often been in wrong places in wrong moments , getting hurt by other people . 
  i guess its just a thing i do n't have a real person to face and talk with , other thing is that y old high school buddy 's as well as mentioned friends got into relationships which really reduced their time to just meet up and talk bout random stuff . 
  which brings me to a point where i realize that i am not really able to achieve a relationship with a girl because i am hell of anxious that i just be an asshole like my dad and make her miserable , or that i get rejected and so on . 
  last thing is that i live in country so deeply corrupt that my chances of living a decent life are so low that it is not even funny , so all my perspectives are just lonely life being used as a cheap workforce . 
  meh , probably no one will read it nor understand what i am trying to say , but at least i let it out for a day . 
  same here , it is 99 % accurate . 
  only downside - you often get accused of being a douche yourself for disliking seemingly nice person . 
  according to some random interview with kirkman , he said that what he gets to the point where he wants to finish the comic book series he may even throw in aliens or something like that . 
  imho , some explanation to why did everything happened would be great . 
  [ ] ( / g `` the game survivors meet with a group in which glen is for the time being , they spend some time inthe motor inn on the outskirts of the city fortifying , around 2 and a half episode takes place in or around makon . '' ), 
  i live in poland and i fear that our society is not going to change , not because we do n't want to , but because it is impossible because of many things . 
  beginign with the scar that was left in our culture after 70 's and 80 's where diversity was something unwanted , while now its a matter of poverty and ignorance of people . 
  ewveryone tolerant and smart enough just moves west . 
  male version of catwoman ? 
  catman ? 
  - you will get to bone batgirl then i guess . 
  starring : shia labeouf, 
  mass effect 2 , the feeling that came with the ending was like a drug i replayed and replayed and replayed , but with each replay it was n't the same . 
  man i am so sad that 3 turned out the way it did . 
  being trapped in an elevator and starved to death . 
  i really freak out when an elevator shakes or stops unscheduled , so being trapped in one would be a nightmare . 
  oh hey i heard you killed the emperor . 
  and now everyone in this thread wonders if he is tortured and if soad tries to give them hints . 
  farewell and into the inevitable - fits perfectly to the end of the citadel dlc , kind of makes me feel glad but sad at the same time while listening to it . 
  and then only 1 of the linked accounts can be logged on at the same time . 
  giancarlo esposito is the best actor in revolution , he could probably be better but at the same time he plays his character really damn well , especially in ~ 3 last episodes . 
  augmentations are used often for biotics , for many humans they are needed for biotics to work ( like kaidan ) , asari use them to empower their skills further . 
  there also was something about muscle/biotic augmentations of asari commandos to carry heavier rifles . 
  although it is stated indirectly that augmentations bring organics too close to synthetics , and nobody likes synthetics, 
  god damn you for linking this . 
  my ^ brain ^ ^ fades ^ ^ ^ away, 
  i belive everyone was , some ( like me ) multiple times because of having some low self esteem . 
  ] ( http://mrwgifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/its-happening-ron-paul-rave-reaction-gif.gif ), 
  batarian for squadmates 20 ## me4, 
  i just cant imagine how they will keep balance between the 2 , i know that comic books had its way but movies are a different boat and may end up making it so that superman does all the job and batman just stands back and watches . 
  that could work both ways of course . 
  true , but whats the point of batman being there then anyway ? 
  what we need is more sayan version drawings . 
  next up - super sayan vi ? 
  or his fists . 
  i am having the same problem , things like games can entertain me for really short ammount of time , but i get boored really fast , and entertainement changes into just a time filler . 
  he is also black , which makes it obvious that he will die . 
  it is alt-tabbing on a console ? 
  probably missed it , shit happens . 
  that rarely is noticable , and some people ca n't see the difference in 3d movies at all . 
  birthdays should be prohibited , since aging is to be expected !, 
  ill t lea my idea here :, 
  since masteries will be remade again , the 21 points mastery for supports/utility should be that whenever a enemy is spotted by a ward the person who planted it and had the mastery chosen would gain 5 gold . 
  this would ofcourse require the spoted target to be in fog of war for about 30 seconds . 
  there also could be a 10 % discount on wards mastery . 
  make the items require 17 + point utility masteries , and since they are changing m asteries in the way that the eeper the masteyr goes the later stage of the game is affected , people would have to trade gold income from those items with late game power given by masteries ( scaling ) . 
  it was already stated that they are changing the masteries so if you invest 9 points into one tree it will be only a early game advantage , and it wont be much different from other tree . 
  i just seem to be missing your point here , it wont ruin anything lol . 
  and it would be easier for him to kill his target . 
  '' * oh look what a nice puppy , whos a good dog ? 
  oh my god my face , get off it !, 
  * league ... league never changes . 
  [ i prefer this version anyway . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=kbttsezso4q#t=47 ), 
  been there done that in sa-mp , just in a most wanted kind of way . 
  actually come to think about it eastern us is allright and what not , but it would be cool to see other places around the world set in twd universe . 
  gault , maybe ? 
  last year , the same year we my class was about to finish high school . 
  someone thew shit over a wall and blackboard in a empty classroom .
