  exactly , how dare i have the time to play a game ? 
  seriously , half of this kind of attitude ** may ** be the reason wod is the way it is , since the world content seems to be well tailored to the `` hour or two '' playstyle and nothing else . 
  wait , they made the new bc 16 !, 
  he will just kill off oliver and replace him with teenager or felicity . 
  is there a way i can follow american ratings of the shows ona week by week basis ? 
  [ negan ] what the fucking fuck fucking fucked motherfucking fuck ? 
  [ / negan ] no , seriously , i hope they do n't go any further with this , since making her a teenager would shit on the character and the actress that used to play her even more than the last episode . 
  seriously the levels of shit are getting so hilariously high that someone may actually drown in it . 
  now that you put it this way it even makes less sense to have her survive the limo shootout . 
  and give her shots to show her concern . 
  i wish i had the motivation to get that hanzo abs . 
  cast a better looking actor as a side character , some kind of ceo , make him a new love interest for felicity . 
  done . 
  potential side effects my result in : floods at shippers places of residence . 
  oh god , the writers are geniuses . 
  bear with me here :, 
  they set this season up so we get to have our own villan story , we dont know much about dharkhhkhk because he is not the villan of the season , we are . 
  it all lines up , we have to destroy the show to save it , may is around the corner . 
  it just all lines up . 
  they will save the day with laurel coming back in the finale , calling it . 
  sjws are just bunch of entitled , attention seeking bullies anyway . 
  at least in supergirl , they did n't kill off the martian manhunter just for the sake of a ship . 
  only thing i can think off is that she would offer him a way to get back at malcolm . 
  my old guild leader still stubbornly says that tbc had the best raids and the current raiding is shit , you just ca n't convince some people . 
  ill use the analogy from another episode . 
  `` if you had a great day up to the point where a close familly member dies , you wont be recalling it as a great day . '', 
  on top of that , the episode had hell of a lot of writing flaws . 
  kill everyone aside from diggle or thea . 
  happens every now and again at warspear on defias brotherhood . 
  what a show of raw skill !, 
  i definitely agree with the progression sentiment . 
  what i meant in my initial post refers mostly to the sheer design/difficulity of the encounters . 
  trial and prison would work if they would have disarmed his whole organisation and allies before putting him up to it . 
  i was confused about which rooftop scene you were talking , i assume the duel with a worried crowd parody of the latest ~ ~ fanfic spinoff ~ ~ season ? 
  in most of those encounters it was me , the other 9 to 39 people who may have been the same class as i , as well as big lore figures and ore potentially some npc mooks that were there lore wise . 
  not to mention the fact that one faction did not take down all the bosses , so the player could be part of 50ish percent of those kills . 
  not to mention characters created or players that started in later expansions and did n't even set foot in a given raid . 
  making every player a leader is not good for an mmo , if that was a solo rpg game it would make all the sense since you would progress through those as a part of game progression/story and the achievements would pile up with every dlc or expansion or sequel . 
  this feels like a nice middle ground , the players could be heroes but not the big type . 
  just a bunch of elite soldiers . 
  see , swtor had a different narrative since the game was released , the story of your character is purely personal and the idea of a leader fits there since the game can be played purely as a single player rpg . 
  with wow its a bit more tricky since it was a game based around a community of people doing things together , which included some groups quests , raids , dungeons etc. 
  i would say that comparing the two is unfair to either game since wow and swtor are very distinctive when it comes to story narrative . 
  op meant more that swtor story was always more single player focused rather than the difference . 
  wow was focused on the world around you making the name world of warcraft stick a bit more . 
  swtor is a rpg with mmo elements . 
  disable the ability in battlegrounds/pvp , and the issue is fixed . 
  make it have a cd/not work while carrying the flag . 
  this is the simplest solution i fan come up with . 
  spellsword would come the closest i guess . 
  see can do damage but can also be peeled off of the adc with relative ease . 
  probably not , some people , myself included , if they miss a match of a lower team then they just catch up the post match thread . 
  if it 's an upset then maybe . 
  i am getting a dr. dre and eminem vibe from that . 
  also , the decline in s3 and 4 is so noticeable . 
  same goes with felicity and donna , both would work as a shocker , felicity 's story is done , dona has none . 
  i , on the other hand , liked the music choice . 
  it went well with the rhythm of the trailer . 
  on top of that it felt kind of fresh for a medieval fantasy movie not to have `` epic music '' used in it 's trailer . 
  ( as well as / r/shield it seems . ), 
  and military jets owned by league of assassins !, 
  he gained the power of the white male privilege , even more powerful than speedforce , that is why zoom keeps him locked up . 
  its olive queen !, 
  the one we have seen in the past 2 season is a castrated doppelg\u00e4nger planted by zoom . 
  well ... 
  he showed some felicity level bitching in past episodes , which kind of worries me . 
  but at least he had some kind of justification for his behaviour . 
  `` stop bothering her , she is working unlike you ! '', 
  and with felicity as a lead . 
  john barrowman on arrow fell victim to that , people start to be tired with his character being walking exposition . 
  if they wont make a sarah connor joke ... 
  those things may be written off the same way barry fixes things while travelling . 
  just with more time master mumbo jumbo . 
  * timeforce , i aint explaining shit . 
  basically , we are back to rock paper scissors borland with gw changes . 
  hard engage should fully work now vs soraka , she only needs to outheal poke . 
  or he snatched and used some velocity . 
  nonono , we ca n't have * that * kind of strong female character , we need one that needs a verbal reminder for the audience to remember that she is strong and powerful . 
  it 's fine to deviate , but within sense and reason . 
  what they did with laurel had nothing to do with either . 
  that would require proper writers , also does n't it mean everyone else , including central city , would have to go along with her at some point ? 
  there is a high chance the ratings will plummet starting the next episode . 
  we kind of try to protect the show from diseases and unplanned writing . 
  too bad i ca n't play ranked with my league acquaintances since half of them tilts too hard in ranked and avoids it like fire and other half is too high rank to play with me . 
  seriously , league starts to pull a reverse wow , where things started going downhill with the reduction of communal engagement required , riot forces us to more of it , where people clearly do not want it . 
  after a quick glance , i would say no since it seems to involve clicking rather than straight up keybinds . 
  as much as i do not mind him being in the field , i have to admit that the writers just turned him into a walking ol * city shipper most of the time . 
  also the one that has a non petty reason for a drama . 
  and the drama is resolved in a kind of mature way , instead of illogical walking out on each other . 
  with that said i dont care about it , but its acceptable . 
  god damn it , the thing i always loved about the hunters was their utility . 
  now with that gone , what class would you recommend that has most utility ? 
  so what is it ? 
  dollars ? 
  the price changes by a few cents . 
  pounds ? 
  it gets even lower . 
  theres a relation there as its highly likely that those shitty fans inspire his writing more or less directly . 
  lets not forget an iindirect bribe in a way of olishittwers buying guggenheim 's books as `` a form of appreciation '' . 
  and thats the reason why some people see blizzard as a decent company , since they know how to find a decent middle ground in these situations .
