  amen , they just blew a simple tweet out of proportion . 
  he basically just gave them amnesty in return for loyalty . 
  keep in mind that thrall make sure to get rid of their leadership for not acknowledging him as a warchief . 
  * silver sightstone *, 
  3 wards that all only recharge after 3 minutes, 
  plug your controller to your pc and suddenly it 's like xbox . 
  [ you should watch this then . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g75ygzl-hui ), 
  rick was in coma for just about one month . 
  basically what this guy said , if they mean to tone it down to level of the third game it will even make it better to go back to a blow over action comedy style rather than over the top sci first that can get bland and kinda kill the story . 
  casually walking in to solo arthas on 25 man hc for the first time ever , invincible drops . 
  few weeks later same thing happens with rag and his phoenix thing . 
  yet , after over 150 goes at kael the damn thing wont drop . 
  so you did n't encounter too many russians . 
  how can we complain about rehashed content if we do n't get any !, 
  i confirm , it meant to be a joke . 
  still , she looks way younger in marvel movies , but that may be just makeup etc. 
  it ismmore bearable to swallow when you express it this way . 
  my only hope is that those nerfs may be hint towards removal of lfr as a whole , and making normal pugs take it place , would style . 
  checks out , napis were really into scientific research too !, 
  just basic programming , every program needs a reference point to accomplish something , and in game such as wow those bunnies , we 're used as such for spells and events . 
  another good example of such world triggers are imps , blizzard uses them to keep you in combat in certain events . 
  there 's way more than that . 
  namely , there is an interactive story : https://chyoa.com/story/the-choice/cover, 
  i am going to watch it tomorrow , but did he undress to his underwear and started to cluck like a chicken to distract the zombies ? 
  let 's be generous , 3/4 rick . 
  i wonder if he will start to get some form of random phonecalls at some point . 
  i mean , filming a gate closing would cost precious time in the relatively short episode . 
  doritos !, 
  north european countryside , finland for example . 
  he may have not made it , instead it may be a black market kind of gadget . 
  i know how you feel man . 
  my issue with w\u00f3d is that i am a big cheese , a commander . 
  why are there twenty other commanders in my raid ? 
  why did n't we send the elite grunts . 
  i do n't like that everything and everyone revolves around me , not vice versa . 
  i liked participating in a event behind a lore figure , not as an equal . 
  because he told them to fuck off from his lands after they won . 
  * cue dubstep *, 
  to be honest , at this point i prefer neither . 
  horde and alliance are done fighting eachother after garrosh 's shenanigans , instead they are in a more friendly state of cold war where they figure out how to coexist . 
  the battlegrounds are trigger-happy rogue generals that ca n't get over the past going at it or mercenary groups fighting over something . 
  ashram does n't exist . 
  it was n't ever properly explained , the safest assumption is that first drinking would equal only red eyes and second ends with red skin and spikes . 
  the only problem here is wod derailing this lore consistency along its many others . 
  so that 's why she did n't have anything against it !, 
  and reset the cooldowns , waves , levels and whatnit, 
  ah , i thought as much . 
  i just have read that 4.0 introduces a new streamlined leveling system but what i read is pretty ambiguous . 
  are there other sources to clarify what critical missions will consist of ? 
  or will they be just story missions plus some important quests ? 
  and then in wod they killed him off on screen in one of the most disappointing ways possible after half assing him already . 
  so , basically a better paced version of the x12 event i assume ? 
  it 's even better when they say that they asked the five year old you for an opinion !, 
  i wish they would just go with it , it would make it easier to ground and flesh out some rules about draenor . 
  like , for example , we could have had a cutscene or a quest chain investigating and explaining the current standing of draenor , that would just say it got split from its timeliness and is now in ours , done deal . 
  this would explain the stupid bits with legion and such as well . 
  it 's not as simple to unlock , though . 
  you still need to meet the legacy requirements . 
  also , races in swtor are way more flexible than wow where it comes to class and allegiance . 
  which is a worrying trend , for na and eu lcs , since for some people , myself partially included , there is no point to follow or support a scene that in the end is going to lose to koreans again . 
  not everyone has to enjoy the eastern scene , which may hurt the west scene even harder . 
  wait , are there cute chicks in panda bear hoodies playing in ogn now !, 
  looking at this year , they are working on it . 
  while i agree with you , it 's worth to point out that this kills the whole point of competition, 
  * cough * sona, 
  on top of that , you get to chose the course of your education before you are even 20 !, 
  aaaand he pulled half of the instance !, 
  it 's a bit trickier than that , since because there are multiple time streams , there are ones for each choice we make , so it 's more of a matter of which stream we chose . 
  so , technically we still make a choice . 
  looking at how there was meant to be a whole storyline in wod for worgen and it got dropped off . 
  this story may be either abandoned ashwell or just wind up in two short quests and a new worgen vs forsaken themed bg . 
  for swtor it works pretty well , although the world combat is slightly different due to mobs being grouped in small packs . 
  cant wait till we reach that point in the show . 
  that would be one relationship drama i could get behind . 
  they send a lot of junk mail these days . 
  some of them may deserve to get shot like the degenerates they are . 
  especially while sucking at playing malphite . 
  deathwing could possibly manipulate the dark iron into using it . 
  the end result would be similar . 
  co\u015b - legion had full control of scourge leading up to battle of mt. 
  hyjal , the only difference that would influence it outcome is that arthas would n't lead illidan to skull of guldan, 
  their purpose seems to be to hold some trinkets and smaller artifacts in a place where he can siphon them directly , eg . 
  the skulls on them . 
  war of the ancients is not relevant up to ( but not including ) the events of war3 . 
  remember , deathwing influenced those visions . 
  dwarves have shamans , mystics etc. 
  they could have found it with a right push . 
  that reminds me of a winter in 2013/14 where i had one and only class on friday , my commute takes almost 1h 30min , we all found out that class was cancelled 5 minutes before the supposed start . 
  overwatch may be free to begin with . 
  it sure kept us eastern europeans playing , the sub is n't really affordable here . 
  bah , i have to start saving up for an expansion right now . 
  well , locking characters in an fps game limits you a bit harder than a mobs since often from what was shown , certain characters fill a specific niche in a gamemode/map/tactic . 
  it was discussed in a reasonable length on the latest co-option podcast . 
  1 usd is equal of 3.9 pln making it 234 pln to buy the game with minimal wage of 1.7 k and high expenses across the board in poland . 
  for example a new semi decent gpu costs 500 pln ( as mine died today , rip ) , so assembling a rig to run the game is a whole other story . 
  lets just say that poland is considered one of the more better off countries in eastern europe , which means that for many people like me overwatch will stay a dream . 
  it 's more of a wording mistake , since pre.legion archimonde could have killed the guy, 
  ner ` zhul was literally forced into the role by legion which tricked him into doodling his world and people . 
  varian may just pass on his leadership role like thrall did and still be an active character,
