  please come quickly to the internet , someone is disagreeing with me ! '', 
  i am ready not to win anything !, 
   toxicity memes : sandbox causes toxicity , this causes toxicity , everything causes toxicity . 
  league of legends causes ` toxicity ' lets just remove the problem at it 's root . 
   talk, 
  you mean terrorize each other ? 
  this begins to remind me of things that came up in cataclysm , the discussions about casuals vs hardcore . 
  not everyone has a full group available . 
  for example , i want to play with two other friends instead of benching one of us . 
  the thing is , again , subjective . 
  for example i do not want to find a random person for my premade , i am fine being matchmade with two other people , its not like i will treat them badly or anything ... 
  which you can kind of consider the dynamic queue being this finder , in a way . 
  another thing is that the person that tool would find i would need to make acquaintance of , which not everyone wants to do , either . 
  anyway , i do not see how me queuing with 2 other , competitive friends harms anyone involved . 
  on top of this , imagine how skewed would the results be with redditor 's involvement . 
  some people here would probably vote multiple times just to backup whatever circlejerk is popular right now . 
  she will guest star to brutally murder the black siren , with a lamp ofcourse . 
  stupid sexy zenyata . 
  hey !, 
  what time is it ? 
  o agree that it * does n't have to * be connected with his madness , although it may just help with the choice of words at least . 
  either way it is just my fun thought on the matter . 
  thanks for letting me know , bro . 
  i do n't lurk hard enough in this sub , i guess . 
  they have to make the room for the smoaks , duh . 
  yes the theories about the direct cause of mad king 's yelling/madness are common . 
  what i did not witness was this particular context/scenario . 
  do n't even get me started on mmochampion ... 
  mgs 5 , i have most of the other games , sadly . 
  i do , since my toaster still can run it , the last time i tested on the salty sea 's edition . 
  meh , i want to believe that not all sith are evil , some may actually be good guys and all that . 
  yup , switching and swapping was there since forever , in tbc the raid leader often switched people around , by literally telling the hunters to let mortgages warlocks in or vice versa ( just an example i came up with ) just to suit the fight better . 
  now we get to switch talents and specs so we do n't raid the bench on some bosses until they are on farm . 
  exactly , token girls in guilds take refusal really badly . 
  oh , i have been in a guild like that when i started playing retail during halfway through mop me and 3 other friends joined a guild that had quite a few people , as it considered itself a general community with a ` hardcore ' raiding division . 
  the most notable thing about those people was that they were gladly calling out and literally blaming everything on everyone but their core squad . 
  the fun thing is , me and my friends outperformed half of their core in lfr + gear in soo . 
  let 's just say that i had enough after one incident , we were wiping on thok , and between pulls my flask went out . 
  one of the officers noticed and called me out on it and * demanded * i reflask immidiately , the only problem was we were running back from a recent wipe and i ran out of flasks and asked another hunter to borrow me one or two , so i responded to him that i will reflask before a pull . 
  he took that badly , he went off the handle on me , i tried to tell him to relax and all that , i 'll have a flask in a moment . 
  he kept getting angrier and meaner , i finally lost my patience and told him to stop being a fucking ca n't and tha i 'll get reflask when i get there . 
  he kicked me from the raid and tried to pass it off as me ragequitting , too bad for him the other hunter called him out on his bullshit since i asked him for the said flask . 
  soon after i left the guild . 
  funny thing is , whoever i talked with on the realm turned out to be a member of the said guild at least briefly . 
  if anyone ever played on defies brotherhood eu , you probably remember a guild named after one certain draenor clan ... 
  plugins used :, 
  [ do i need a jacket ? 
  2.0 ( beta 2016-04-10 ) ] ( http://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/art/do-i-need-a-jacket-2-0-beta-2016-04-10-494721790 ), 
  [ simple date and time ] ( http://dijaysazon.deviantart.com/art/simple-date-and-time-187582261 ), 
  [ modified launcher from skyrim rainmeter suite ] ( http://axerron.deviantart.com/art/skyrim-rainmeter-suite-v2-283817269 ), 
  [ fountain of colors . 
  ] ( http://alatsombath.deviantart.com/art/fountain-of-colors-desktop-music-visualizer-518894563 ), 
  [ cleartext ] ( http://redsaph.deviantart.com/art/cleartext-for-rainmeter-v3-0-1-19-apr-2016-519796161 ), 
  [ front image tutorial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4ijpdmwezg ), 
  [ wallpaper ] ( https://alpha.wallhaven.cc/wallpaper/381767 ), 
  if you do not enjoy getting analy raped , you may have to reconsider leaving . 
  would you mind providing a link to audiochanger ? 
  i am unsure if i am looking at the right thing here . 
  also , the code you provided for blinking seems to not work , for some reason rainmeter says its broken . 
  would you mind giving a bit more advanced explanation ? 
  edit : i was a potato copying the code . 
  thanks !, 
  it also seems that the whole thing is a bit resource heavy , as other animations lose on smoothness when its enabled . 
  i am bitter enough after getting gangabanged repeatedly when my team runs in 5 different direction to die . 
  heard them live at a festival last year , pretty good shit . 
  probably that it keeps getting sacked by someone but dwarves retaking it . 
  i 'd say that listing all the characters is surely helpful . 
  aside from that , proper formatting . 
  still ca n't cs worth shit tho . 
  pretty sure it 's the arrow , while dueling other things widows i had shots flying just above my ear from time to time . 
  in russia , game plays you !, 
  murcy *, 
  talon tracer would be so cool . 
  it should be in the back , really makes sense with her kit . 
  he also has to get close , where she is deadliest . 
  this basically what got me shouting as mercy , i try to follow someone , he runs off . 
  i try to find someone else just to find enemy mcree and die ... 
  yeah , too many people play as if mercy was n't there . 
  they ca n't seem to afford more than 2 sets . 
  eh , i dont know about top , but morgana adc does n't really work iirc . 
  although i understand your point about midlane , just saying . 
  holy shit if that 's not a jab at the show ... 
  and then she lost his company she slept to the top of !, 
  and suddenly he is i jail after sexualized assaulting ebr when she plays felicity . 
  if that does not scream desperate housewives , i do n't know what does . 
  `` good job , now haul your ass back here if you want me to heal you . '', 
  dean ** ambros ** e, 
  it is , although it is clearly over its peak . 
  on a tv show and for the cw standards ? 
  yes he is good or even better than expected . 
  the big upside o amell is the fact that he can and is willing to perform his own stunts without requiring a stunt double . 
  what * i * personally do not see him do well as is emotional dialogue acting , when he comes down to that its either of two faces or putting a filter on his regular tone . 
  he had some great moments , for a tv/cw standard . 
  i am not sold on him going onto big screen . 
  aside from other responses explaining how felicity became main character and all that , its worth noting that all these changes and influences to the plot resulted in great deviation from source material and even resulted in [ kling off black canary , a prominent and integral comic character to the green arrow ] ( / spoiler ) , which as a result alienated the original viewer base of comic/superhero fans , while catering to the tumblr/desperate housewives demographic, 
  just watch it till the midseason finale of season 3 and maybe few episodes later to finish the side character plotline . 
  the midseason finale can work well as a series finale and the show goes downhill after that anyway . 
  people be crazy and think that fake characters are real . 
  i liked the tbc gear model , plain and simple . 
  useful 5 man heroic gear and good raiding gear all over the place .
