  then it was mean to be dellivered for safekeeping to alliance on azeroth as draenor was being torn apart but the legion intercepted the gryphon rider and then it ended up in felwood . 
  take off 1 minute from a charge , assuming it wou , d take two mminutes if not , then just half of the charge . 
  so realistic that the streetlights provide no light . 
  stop coming up with things i wan to see filmed !, 
  we bring this message to all friends and familly that our most beloved , our husband , father , brother and grandfather, 
  given his last rites died at 6 in the morning on 25th june 1955 , after living 69 years . 
  departed aleksander olzak was born on 22 may 1886 , in poland, 
  the burial will take place on tuesday , june 28th at 8:30 am at the `` edmund j.chanowski funeral chapel , 6111 miller , corner of dwyer , to the church of ressurection of christ at 9am , from there to the mt. 
  olivet cementary . 
  left in great sorrow :, 
  anna , the wife ; bronis\u0142awa minick , leokadia jasi\u0144ska , maria fornaci and franciszka babicz , daughters ; edmund , the son ; j\u00f3zef , the brother ; j\u00f3zefa roguicka , the sister , 4 grandsons , 1 granddauther . 
  the burial is organized by edmund j. chrzanowski funeral company . 
  61111 miller, 
  edit : feel free to ask if you have any more requests to translate form polish . 
  i added bits of your translation to mine , it probably gave a somewhat coheretnt result . 
  enough for op hopefully . 
  also , the streets names seem to be the route of procession starting at funeral chapel and ending at the graveyard . 
  he loves league of legends , by far !, 
  i may be time traveler . 
  ocelote has more than one team !, 
  ok got some gold for items , ill buy this this this and this , lets see i may get to buy a trinekt upgrade . 
  oh , only 120g left , i gues ill buy it next time . 
  the one shot may get retconned . 
  kneeling with hands on knees/behind the back would be nice . 
  still a wild card contender . 
  exactly , i had the wame problem with smallville . 
  its an action tv show , there can be other ways of filling screen time than teen drama . 
  the cast doesnt have to consist of supermodels . 
  the plot is inconsistent , the fan service mixed with teen drama makes it really hard to watch the show for me at times . 
  the problem with that is that the potential victim would be allready brainwashed , she would just need a trigger phrase . 
  i am geniuenly interested in your wallpaper , would you mind posting it ? 
  like , i would totally take tomb raider or thief , if somekne wanted to give it to me . 
  i knew those thights looked familliar ... 
  * `` funny , you do n't seem to mind your 's . 
  may be the case that warsong and/or other clans shattered the empire , annihilating the inteligent ogres leaving the dumb to be ruled by gruul . 
  oh , you know besides most of red dragonflight consorts , ither directly or via scheming . 
  then he eradicated human army occupyjng alterac , then did some other bad stuff . 
  the forsaken way may a.so cause calia to get syl on the right track as she would be able to relate to her , seeing as she would be an important person for the forsaken syl could take calia under her wing to rule along her , then soften enough to step aside ... or just snap and get killed for some reason . 
  i wish they could dial back sylvannas to prewotlk coolness . 
  yes . 
  12-6 #thedream, 
  he even fought guldan ( magically ) during the siege of stormwind knocking him out in the effect . 
  north korea sounds like a fine option . 
  exactly , along with some generally dumb people and scammers , if you followed stuff like gamergate you know what i mean . 
  what matter is , that there are still sane people in the world , this subreddit is a great example of this . 
  the thing is , we have seen such a state in hellfire with magtheridon 's blood , the only difference is taht the orcs were red , other than that they were spiky etc. 
  so it may be magtheridon '' s blood , or someone even worse . 
  thats what irks me about it , kilrogg is there at the crossroads and he can prevent it , yet he chooses to go with the shitty option . 
  this sounds like the most possible and logical explanation , the odds of it the guy was out most of the day . 
  plenty of time for kids tk get a food posioning etc. 
  most puking comes without a long term warning . 
  thats what i complained mostly about goku in a discussion i had lately . 
  after cell saga gohan was a great candidate to take over , the time skip could show him actually balancing normal life with expanding his training outgrlwing his father and becoming the new protagonist for a long while until someone else , ex . 
  vegeta could step up . 
  that would make it way more fun since goku became the obvious winner for whom you couldnt ever worry . 
  that ofcourse is said from perspectife of current times where standards of storytelling are different than 30 years ago . 
  a bit more than in the medieval times i gues . 
  human society in wow still seems to be heavly devided into classes . 
  that said , most stormwind twonsfolk are probably literate , while the citizens of places like gpldshire , not nesecarily . 
  they said he will be a part of the final encounter , not the encounter itself . 
  because unlike garry , his original versionwas shown to learn from his defeats . 
  or just chat in general . 
  same goes with bm , it needs to deal 10 % less dmg against players ? 
  make it do 10 % dmg less against players , but keep the pve dmg the same . 
  simple, 
  origin does that aswell , indeed . 
  i world say it does it q bit better even . 
  a granade was there on the chest belt . 
  reminds me the good old days of ` click the god damn lantern !, 
  i was reported for ksing my adc as taric , after getting a double kill , again . 
  alone . 
  after enemy bot lane tried diving me , while my adc died stupidly , again . 
  all you had to do is to follow the damn train , regi !, 
  tell us more . 
  you surely remember the rich succesfull woman and the supermodel hobo she ditched her previous , equally wealthy and educated , fiance for !, 
  to expand on divorce in poland , it doesnt happen as often for few reasons , some of them include :, 
  * divorce not being socially acceptable , i mean it can happen and everyone just shrugs it off and goes on . 
  but it can also cause people to consider you as a social failure . 
  * divorces are usualy reasonably fair while dividing wealth/parental rights . 
  * society is slightly less gender biased , although it has itzs own problems . 
  and the apinoff , dont forget about the spinoff . 
  seems like they were thinking outside of the box while designing the building . 
  for the first two weeks , yes . 
  then they go back down to 6300 . 
  yeah , paying a bit more for skin in comparison tllol feels a * little * more justified when you get three variations of the said skin along the way . 
  thats probably because there arent any decent polish casters for league , none that i heard of at least . 
  i have listened to some esl casters ( not really full pros i gues ) and i think that if i would have to listen to them , i would probably break some bones cringing . 
  if you dont habe a hots key to try it out , feel free to pm me . 
  you may like it . 
  or sane , like joker did . 
  i can come up with other bad fan-fiction relationship that ruins arrow ^ you ^ know ^ which ^ one . 
  [ sarah ewentualny dies and laurel takes over the role of bc . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  it is just safe to say , while the tv show is decent , the fan dom drama ruins it . 
  i gues he used to sneak kill people then drag their bodies by holding e , with sneak , unspotted kills you dont get bounty on your head . 
  not nesecarily as an undead but just brought back to life . 
  `` ivan , stop being of homosex . 
  basically this , shield and arrow/flash are not the same , they have similiar source materials , but that is it . 
  shield is about organization working in the background of the superheroes , while cw shows are about heroes themselves . 
  only by papa john .
