  i would and i do . 
  anderson just fained on citadel and survived , saved by the starkid 's goodwill !, 
  my only tough about the episodic structure is : money sink . 
  as good as it is its just another way to suck more money out of people . 
  i am writing this from my phone so it will be messy . 
  my highschoo\u0142 friend got into dating about 2 years ago , it would be allright if he wouldnt complain to me about his relationships since i am `` forever alone '' type of person , which makes me feel bad . 
  if that wasnt enough he started to act as if i was worse because i have no girlfriend . 
  last year we graduated and each went to a different universiies . 
  i went to a daily uni ( harder ) , while he goes to a private ( easier ) weekend uni . 
  he sttill comes by complaining about his relatonships and how hard it is vor him to go to university on each scond weekend . 
  its jst getting annoing and i think about cuting contacts . 
  or even natural immortality of that is possible . 
  count me in . 
  buying champions for the free skins is indeed lame . 
  riot should just give it away for people who got her up to the day t was announced . 
  also quite time consuming , being pissed off about wasting your time is reasonable . 
  if they get to like her the will buy the skin , everybody wins . 
  if they would like the champ enough to buy the skin then whats stoping them from buying it . 
  if they wont like the new karma then thats some saved ip from chasing freebies, 
  keep in mind that said cupcake is said to be awful by the person who buys it , and its promised to be different . 
  not better , so they buy it just for the free drink . 
  the money would be apent as it will be available to buy for a short period anyway . 
  friend braged abuout not having a girlfriend after being cheaed by two girlfriends he ever hadin a row . 
  same guybraged about having to study a single topic for his weekend studies he attends each second week . 
  vod links , anyone ? 
  ad spellvamp item for sr would be great tho , but the spell vamp value would need to be like 5 to 10 % tops to keep it balanced i gues . 
  how do you even get to download it ? 
  it keeps saying that there are no mirrors available . 
  hm , interesting idea . 
  but why , i am curious . 
  we need more teams with cool names , like ... rolling golems ? 
  seems more like a regular treatment of eu side . 
  us company owned by chinese ( or were they koreans ? 
  whataever ) . 
  `` in early 2011 , the chinese company tencent holdings invested in a majority stake in riot games valued at $ 400 million , according to dow jones business news . 
  [ 11 ] the deal allowed riot games to maintain independent operations and its existing management team . 
  [ 12 ] '' - wikipedia . 
  well not literally bought , but you get the message . 
  poland . 
  false facts i notice in media :, 
  - yes , the country exists , many times its not shown on the maps in the movies which also tend to p\u0142ant moskow in the middle of our country . 
  - comunism ended over 20 years ago , and we don have russian accents . 
  partially true :, 
  - many people emigrate from poland looking for work because our burecracy is making it impossible to run legal bussines or employement . 
  - yes some of those people are dumb . 
  once the ward is open , the smoke monster erupts . 
  i usually just facepalm while isee people raging over call order because someone else picks something they called while picking first . 
  anyway , what you described is a typicall lol game , happens everytime . 
  they have n't reveal her skin yet tough ! . 
  i still wont belive that what happened happened . 
  my own farts , they do n't bother me , even smell good . 
  `` so ... have you found someone ? '', 
  why not make dorans a bit cheaper ? 
  like 440 gold that would allow doran + 1 pot kind of attractive option if you ask me . 
  it was 400 if i recall correctly . 
   the community who know him, 
  that 's probably not a lot of people . 
  damn i need to check it, 
  my old computer , it used to not start at all sometimes for random reasons , but after selling q few punches at the box it started . 
  lord of the rings , the pace of the book was so slow because of the descrriptions of ever.single.rock they passed by . 
  oh god . 
  the nightmares . 
  nothing much , beside of just figuring out is it a mistake on their side or anything before i buy teh skin . 
  that 's so neat !, 
  bought her for the ful price , no regrets, 
  na deserves apology and compensation for these problems !, 
  so with monthly patches , will the themed patches be a thing on smaller or bigger scale now ? 
  realm first kael \u00b4 thas sunstrider . 
  it was glorious . 
  i really know how you feel . 
  i couldn ever put i in right words but what you have written here is the thing i wouldv said tough i cant even call anyone a friend being sure of it . 
  hang in here , fight , dont be sad about situaton get angry . 
  you are better than this , prove it to them , prove it to your self !, 
  you werent meant to be born ? 
  well say fuck you to universe , you are here and you are going to make a stay here for a while !, 
  guess i am late but if you know what country is he from exacly you should probably contact the embassy, 
  glad to hear it . 
  keep in mind that being eighteen doesnt require you to fly out of the nest allready , its nothing to be ashamed of you 'll eventually get up to stand for your own . 
  your wings can always grow back . 
  so what advice would you give to a person stuck ina `` die hard '' ( the first one ) scenario , but lets say in university/highschool building ? 
  just curious, 
  were there any `` porny '' encounters while you traveled ? 
  or threats of sexual assault ? 
  indeed . 
  i cant watch 20 underrated streamers * at the same time . 
  * waves hand * you girls are totally in for a threesome, 
  how do you know that ? 
  nobody ever tried that move in the movies . 
  * fiora 's ult is now capable of landing crits . 
  many presumably dead people may surface . 
  it may go as far that the thechnology used to create them was from a unknown source/alien wreckage f some sorts , and the figurtes there are just possesed by nanites . 
  * ... after killing first champion it leaves the rest with 1/2/3 % of hp that change will filter good fiora players from great fiora players . 
  with letty 's comeback , now if feel everything is possible . . its like he could get pulled in by gal to sewers or something before the car exploded . 
  or even clones , whatever . 
  ill take any kind of explanation there is . 
  true , more even that the letty he got back is mainly only the body . 
  it 's mostly a different person besides that with some little to medium influence from her forgotten past . 
  seeing him become a antagonist is kinda sad tough . 
  they could use someone with british accent for their team it would have some potential . 
  i would n't mind koreans getting freebies .
