  another thing worth noting about other mmo is the gameplay , most of them feel clunky as hell when you come of them to wow , swtor sometimes feels odd when it comes to mob movement/cc/dashes . 
  aion had awful combat that felt as if i had 5k ms. 
  the mmo that was closest to perfection was guild wars 2 , but while the combat was fluent , the skills were lackluster , movement felt as if my characters was moving on ice skates , the news and enemies were almost the same in each setting and the story itself was unengaging . 
  another thing gw2 did well were dragons , they were actually huge . 
  yeah , i generally meant solo combat . 
  and since you mention dungeons , there was n't much to do beside them pve wise ? 
  just because it can be done it does n't mean it has to be done ( from lore 's point of view ) , the horseman was basically a paladin so powerful that he resisted the transformation into a dk , he was still put under scourge 's ( partial ) control . 
  making a player be on the lvl of that guy and clear duskbats and other stuff in tirsfal glades would be kind of off to begin with . 
  i can understand that we have reached the call of duty of players being mr. generalmcimportanson , but that would be a bit too much in my opinion . 
  ultimate fury would also be a strong choice for lando, 
  storm could also work for leia, 
  i wish they made another power rangers series that could match time force . 
  because thats the one series that actually felt a bit more grown up than the others . 
  and actually gore-like make up . 
  remember the main bad guy ? 
  he had the mask covering the disfigured half of his face , the mask gets taken off in the finale i believe . 
  as well as it used to be an eu ( presplit ) / eune thing on league for a while . 
  yup , no silly censorship handicapping the writing . 
  good example of handicapped show is the walking dead with all the death and g\u00f3r\u0119 there ca n't be any swearing or nudity etc. 
  which diminishes some scenes and dialogues . 
  i mean , we could still have adult oriented animated marvel series , that could cost less than the cgi . 
  it would require a decent artist and sharp , less ` cartoony ' art style . 
  i may not even have to transmog the new tier , amazing . 
  these seem to look different from gamescom sneak peak , so there may still be other race iterations that are not yet implemented . 
  [ problem solved ? 
  ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rechat-for-twitch/ipplilmaapjjklilmmaccfemdmhkoacd ), 
  mostly because it has actual buildings with actual interiors instead of wall-less mud huts . 
  moat recent example would be bm hunter 's t18 2 set bonus . 
  the haste buff was changed by the 2p to ` until canceled ' in the datafile version . 
  on live it interacts with apace shot to extend its duration instead . 
  also , just to add a common rule of thumb . 
  one company having a monopoly over something is never a good thing . 
  hotshot returning mid , for good . 
  i am currently browsing job offers over here ( i am in eastern europe ) . 
  and many job offers seem to aim simply for that . 
  one that stood out to me lately was for a security company saying that they are also , willing to employ women and that the cv needs to have a photo . 
  it 's not just the people , the game or genre in particular tends to bring out the worst in people , i noticed that in my friends and myself . 
  for me the reasoning for the behaviour was that whenever one of my friends funked up that was us going towards losing the game which means wasting about hour of my time . 
  play too much with your friends and even that can be ruined . 
  then again it depends on the people . 
  healing keystone or thunderlords or deathfire touch . 
  basically the new masteries have many goodies for her in store . 
  looking at how they seem to be fine with releasing 2 raiding tiers per expansion , i would n't really expect legion not to repeat the mistakes . 
  it is worth remembering that a new tier usually comes as a part of a major content patch . 
  three words . 
  fire . 
  resistance . 
  gear . 
  its more like garrosh never got the memo about what he was meant to do . 
  not possible for me either , half blind in my right eye . 
  similar story happened to me recently . 
  i used to farm black ice for my paladin and druid for ages , yesterday i decided to go after the sword on my rogue just so black ice can drop on the first go . 
  edit : id reset , another black ice on rogue . 
  it 's probably the aftermath of broken shores fiasco event . 
  basically there is meant to be a huge battle when guldan casts a spell and ducks everything up . 
  no , it 's totally lash . 
  a big chunk of eu uses dynamic ip , so eu viewership may have been highly multiplied by that . 
  my ip changes at least once or twice a day . 
  as well as one of the most dull specs . 
  probably not . 
  but ~ 4.5 % begins to feel quite impactful when it comes to choosing a spec as a whole . 
  try to put yourself in my position here , i main hunter for a long long time , after cataclysm i grew resentment towards mm , while still enjoying the 2 other specs with bm being my favourite . 
  on top of that , i am trying to be competitive when it comes to my damage , being in the middle of the dps meters while progressing makes me feel like dead weight sometimes . 
  it took me barely few weeks after being forced by the situation to fully commit to mm to just get archimonde hc kill and to quit due to the burnout caused by the spec . 
  now , it would be half bad if i could just inconsequentially switch between specs but stat weights work as they do and full crit/haste/ms gear does not go well with bm making it quite clunky to play without haste/mastery/ms gear . 
  its definietly a huge factor , the chest and shoulders dont feel like they have the intended proportion due to human 's model so to speak . 
  tbh , i would much rather see it on a female night elf or blood elf . 
  it may probably look a bit like [ here ] ( http://staticdelivery.nexusmods.com/mods/110/images/70306-1-1444245956.png ), 
  i watched a bit of all-star , the desk banter felt so forced it hurts , especially the eu vs na thing . 
  it 's a rivalry , i get it . 
  there was an exodus , i get it . 
  but i am not watching it to see 30 minutes of dank memes onn the topic damn it . 
  yeah , basically this . 
  if i had to read into any of this i would rather say its that she surely has feelings for b and wants to go with them . 
  but at the same point she is very insecure about herself if i can put it that way . 
  exactly , being a `` leader '' works in single player rpgs like skyrim pretty well , its not a suitable form narration for a mmo . 
  lets stick with skyrim for a moment to explain the problem with the idea , in that game you come up to someone like thieves guild , they ask you to collect 10 bear asses , beat up 10 npcs , suddenly their leader is gone/dead / etc. 
  they need a new one , no one wants to take up the mantle . 
  but , since you the newb adventurer are the one that collected those mighty 10 bear asses you may as well take the mantle . 
  now , back to wow , you go through the same kind of scenario . 
  the main problem is that for most of the classes the groups that ask you to become their leader are people you never heard before ever , you never interacted with them , you never seen them . 
  it just so happens that a group consisting of the most bad ass lore characters asks you to retrieve the artifact for some reason . 
  then there comes the problem of everyone else being sargent master sargent important person extreme to the max . 
  the only classes that kind of got around this issue are rogues , and to some extent warlocks and warriors from what i have seen before . 
  legion spoilers ahead you were warned, 
  for warriors , you basically get chosen by odin as a champion to him , he is still the big guy , you are just his general . 
  it is kind of acceptable for multiple players to be that general , odin can appoint multiple champions . 
  the only thing that irks me about it is that there are plenty of great lore warriors , like saurufang or varian . 
  for warlocks , you are basically the sole survivor of the black harvest after failed summoning , fair deal . 
  but you received such great amount of power , how are you not corrupted and crazy by that point ? 
  for rogues , you are not the leader , you are just the hand of the uh ... shadow council . 
  that is until you become the member of the said council in a twists of questionable quality . 
  the way you put it , it can work . 
  its just that wow wasnt set up like that throughout vanilla and 3 expansions . 
  for that whole that time we were the adventurers , the soldiers , the groups/guilds of people that stood behind the lore figures or were simply the armies sent to deal with threats . 
  you as a player were never alone , you were a part of a group , an unit . 
  this helped to maintain the social aspect of the game . 
  now , you are the guy the general , and it feels odd that there are other generals . 
  i for one do not want to be put on a pedestal , i just want to be a part of a guild/realm that works in unition towards a goal of defeating the big bad . 
  i ( i know you were talking about the playerbase ) never really minded the way things were in that regard .
