  [ preach ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/mikepreachwow ), 
  [ fatboss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/fatbosstv ), 
  i mean , i doubt people go around anywhere exclaiming their gender unless they want to use it for something . 
  forums are not an exception . 
  but why not !? 
  how else will the female only guilds know that you can be their token male guy for who 's attention they can fight !? 
  disagree , i think that from a social point of view ingame putting a raid leader as someone worth listening to , since a good raid leader is like 25 % of a success for the group other 25 % is people listening to him which the trials could reinforce a little . 
  disagree . 
  he is indeed critical towards some of the changes introduced by blizzard and he has some arguments to back them up , aside from that he provides some insight into the game 's classes from a perspective or a high end raider . 
  saying that he straight up hates wow/blizzard is hell of a hyperbole . 
  this is kind of sad , i just want to be able to mog herlooms into some of those shiny high level gear for the sake of it . 
  i mean , whats so bad about it ? 
  well then , get someone else to fix it better than i did so it wont break again . 
  hey , what 's wrong with owens ? 
  i just picked up wwe recently . 
  being able to read my own thoughts . 
  remember those mind control episodes in shows when a female hero loses control over her actions ? 
  yeah , so do i. . . 
  no real experience on my end , but from the guy talks and brainstorms on how to deal with the situations that some friends could n't handle , it seems that a restricted approach works best in those cases . 
  by what i mean : be there , if she needs physical contact , she will most likely reach out for it somehow . 
  yup , now compare it to the battle of bastards and consider that the grim reality shown there applies to things like 300 as well . 
  did n't you get the [ subreddit memo ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/4p418l/hello_riot_killed_league_of_legends_so_now_im/d4hwanb ) he hates wow and blizzard , duh . 
  more like 90k . 
  as someone with little irl money and euro conversion to my currency bumping the sub price 5 times i 'd love to have us gold prices . 
  even season 3 , the hated scene with ra 's shipping olicity would still not be greatest but him telling that to laurel would actually make sense , since he knows she is a fighter and he knew sara . 
  on top of that , think about s2 finale , if laurel was used as a bait instead of felicity , it would have brought some stakes for sara and q bit more personal touch for slade since he would hurt both sara and oliver . 
  funny thing is that i am a pole and if brexit happens , my preferred destination will be , partially , closed off . 
  then again , i have the required education and willingness to assimilate to hopefully get a visa in the future . 
  but come too think of it , poland leaving eu would maybe help pln to go up in value in the long run , who knows ? 
  iron chef, 
  does that look like a face of mercy ? 
  1/10 no chicken, 
  yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  yes, 
  or the guy who is very vocal and all but in french , sorry mate i do n't speak baguette . 
  oh right because oliciters brigading towards a female character being watered down to going after a guys d is so empowering and shows how independent of a woman she is . 
   whether intentionally or not , their life force comes from hipocrisy and arrogance/ignorance . 
  the pink lanterns !, 
  * `` but guys , seriously watch into the badlands '' * everytime you watch twd . 
  one by one on top of that . 
  imho , wow arena is not really watchable per say , it just lacks something . 
  for me the game was fun for first two or three seasons , then it grew into a bucket of frustration that i kept playing because online friends i play games with played only league basically and refuse to try other things . 
  also , seeing how much money i and other people sunk in this game is just silly and terrifying . 
  we laugh or express concern about people sinking hundreds in mobile games , but doing this for league seems alright suddenly . 
  that brings me to the point of both lol community as well as its developers being hello hypocritical . 
  oh , did i mention that tencent , the chinese company who bought out riot is working on a social media feature for china that is basically reward/punishment system that encourages praising the government ? 
  it seems to be based on the so called `` toxicity research '' riot does . 
  meh , he was positive towards mm as well , only thing he was really negative about was bm , and i have to agree , that spec is really lacking . 
  as someone who played hunter since tbc in each expansion for at least a bit , i have to say that i am not thrilled at all about the new survival . 
  as preach said at the start of the video , i am in the group of those people who rolled hunter to play ranged , not meele . 
  it just gives me zero interest , meele in my raid groups is fully stacked anyway so adding another meele dps is just creating a problem . 
  yeah , taking away all the utility is just terrible it simplified the class to a terrible levels . 
  did mages and warlocks also lose their cc/spellsteal/etc ? 
  with that said , it shows how little sense the hunter changes make , seriously , all they need is to bring back ff and maybe tweak dire beast somehow and it would be a step in the right direction . 
  fair point , especially regarding rogue specs , i liked gunslinger in gw2 , it would be interesting in wow . 
  then again , i am mostly displased due to the ranged specs being some what lackluster ** in my eyes ** , you can especially see it in case of bm which was a miss both in regards of class fantasy ( summoning random ass beasts seems more like a druid 's thing ) , as well as gameplay ( self evident ) . 
  have n't they heard about discord ? 
  i would love to join that discord channel if it was about to happen . 
  i mean , skype has some real security issues since it easily lets people retrieve your ip . 
  discord does n't seem to have those concerns , really if you guys would need help setting it up i could possibly just do it for you and hand over the ownership . 
  720 because consoles cant run any better anyway !, 
  can you elaborate your point a bit more ? 
  specific examples would be appreciated , since as i see it , yes there are comedic elements especially in the last 2 parts but beside of that the narrative is usually somewhat control focused . 
  similar deal here , although i always loved bm , shame its even simpler now but hey . 
  you would have to invest in portable drives . 
  download with your laptop as you do now and drop it on the portable drive . 
  yeah , what i also noticed that with the update of meele animations hunter 's ranged effects seem toned down , almost invisible now . 
  as someone who observed multiple twitter and other dramas , they leave a bad taste in my mouth , so to speak . 
  especially when overused . 
  i guess i am a old internet fart and prefer classic smiley faces . 
  so did the subreddit for its own sake . 
  another thing is that expendables are original in a way , rather than a reboot . 
  considering the game is set in the future , he may have been brought up on linkin park and never grown out of it . 
  it 's like the old action movies that were stand came on christmas . 
  nah , by `` major '' changes they mean that she will dye her hair . 
  uncle ben ? 
  i 've disconnected my dvd drive in favor of ssd a year ago for example . 
  riot games , ladies and gents , not creepy at all . 
  [ fine , a bit more then . 
  considering the context of riot trying to change the world/players which was especially evident with lyte . 
  also , there is that thing about tencent ( company that owns riot ) doing some orwellian level of social media punishment/reward experiment in china . 
  it 's just with all that in mind , it becomes quite scary . 
  meibe you should try freezing them . 
  that or torbjorn turrets have a good aim . 
  yeah , i was shouting internally for her to cancel the beam while watching the gif . 
  it makes it harder for enemy to notice you and your teammates will die anyway . 
  aswell as breaking terms of service, 
  but it could be in any other scenario . 
  the court may be able to make the losing side to cover it 's fees . 
  it must have been a very close and even game !, 
  cheats usually requires some level of meddling with the game 's code , which is often against tos in this type of games . 
  yup , league exposed the biggest issue of online , team-based games they just get really frustrating when you have to depend on your team , and since some people dont want to chase after 4 other people constantly ( introverts vs extroverts , grapes vs apples ) they just start to resent a once fun game as the emphasis on team grows more and more . 
  you know whats worse ? 
  i am fairly convinced they will make her into bc in the main timeline . 
  same thing as they did n't allow them to run a green arrow story into the ground . 
  the same dc that allowed the writers to sidetrack and kill of black canary an essential character to the green arrow ? 
  [ or will they ? 
  \\ ( this just popped up . \\ ) ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bhfugcqgzjo/?taken-by=emilybett ), 
  i think you are overselling dc on that point , with that said , we do n't know the intricacies of the dc/cw deals .
