  it feels like there was n't enough spirit in the world when it mattered , not nessecarely that it was completely missing . 
  yes and no , orcs are known for worshiping the spirits , so either spirit has no lord or the nauru in oshugun took that role . 
  the only downside to him is that he may be a bit cuckoo . 
  porn in the gangbang category ? 
  yup , if none of the sides seem sane then i 'll side with the least crazy . 
  but is she strong and powerful ? 
  yeah , flying around the orbit is n't that much , i guess we could be called early space faring if we would have people flying regularly withing our solar system at very least . 
  see , the core word in your post is vanilla . 
  back then pugs were n't as prominent and anonymous as they are now , which meant that guilds were the way to go for raids and would n't discriminate as much based on you having or not having one item , then again molten core did n't really require all that much gear iit . 
  cripples her brain out of her skull . 
  its odd as hell , and i loved every second of it . 
  because he refers to captain cold , who likes ice !, 
  well , it gives me hope that she never comes back and is an actual illusion after her funeral when she gets killed . 
  but yeah , overall not the greatest cliffhanger , i would rather have some great reveal about dharhkhkhkhhk plans . 
  i do n't know about the op , but ill use my god damn motor chair and drive out . 
  back when she was a secondary character and only a tech expert for the team i was thinking it would be cool if she could develop a little more serious backbone ( and cripple her own ) and become an oracle like character . 
  right now though , i think the best course of action is to remove her entirely from the show after the whole out of place romance debacle . 
  even for drama standards it was better because shit made sense in a way . 
  to be honest it seems a bit better then the way they aged peggy for ant-man . 
  ill stick with auto , since i am european , it will make it more dramatic . 
  even oldliver seemed to be more in shape than his current arrow self . 
  i kind of hate and love that his beame the punchline of the show , i hate it because its what the show has devolved into but at the same i love it because it deserves it and more for what they do . 
  or when you dont have a blond anchor pulling your characters and plot points down whenever it gets to appear on the screen . 
  another victim of tumblr . 
  while i agree with you , id say there is a slight difference when it comes to context regarding laurel 's behaviour compared to felicity . 
  look at it this way , she had a chance to get her sister back after she got brutally murdered , many people would do similar thing i believe . 
  when it comes to felicity she just acts like a spoiled teenage girl that needs to be treated like a princess in most cases , everyone has to be honest with her and bow their heads if the truth may hurt her . 
  edit : to expand on my thoughts , laurel also was called out and suffered consequences for her actions , from the addiction storyline , through lying to her father to resurrection of sara . 
  meanwhile , felicity just keeps riding her fake high horse expecting everyone else to dance around her . 
  that could be an important plot point of him and people around him trying to prevent him from becoming another slade , he would start to dance on the line of good and bad again , something like rick in the walking dead just in different context/world . 
  hank pym 's flashback scene when he suckerpunches that one guy in triskelion . 
  the judgement on that part is quite subjective someone would say that it 's hard to kill your sister again , while someone else would put her down . 
  to be honest that plot was still pretty decent . 
  anyway , the thing is that she was called out on her actions and suffered the consequences , unlike felicity . 
  will the real jay garrick please stand up ? 
  i was playing her with the skill -  auto -  skill build that focuses more around her w , it seems to work since i a , able to kill squishing early and mid but it fells kinda short late , basically if they would buff this build slightly i think it would put her in a decent spot . 
  as for snipe master i think that the penalty is the main issue , you should n't loose all the stacks . 
  i do n't know where those people came from , this type of a player used to be a laughing stock ten years ago when people played shit like cs or team fortress or some rts games . 
  you either got better or found someone to play with on your level . 
  sacred shield , maybe even make it trigger on damage . 
  i had a muradin that said he does n't like our lama as the game loaded and went afk . 
  i am still trying to figure what he meant . 
  language , after you learn it you just need to get used to traditions and such . 
  personally i would say that even agents of s.h.i.e.l.d. 
  are better , but thats just the matter of taste i gues . 
  or just read the synopsis without watching the show , recently even they seem to be better . 
  to be honest marvel shows can get away with being `` realistic '' and `` comicbooky '' due to the way their comics were written . 
  while in the marvel universe some made up places and orgs and such exists its more based in the real world while trying to mirror how their fantastic scenarios would play out in it , while dc creates more of their own world with their own settings and whole world being just america ( thats the kind of feeling i get as a non american ) . 
  oh i remember reading somewhere that gohan was meant to take over the leading role after goku at some point . 
  that 's something that could have been great . 
  * eye twitch * sometimes , i hate people , jesus . 
  they could have just continued with gohan , he was a way enter character than goku since he was more consistent when it comes to his psyche , his switches from randomly goofy to super serious would n't be as awkward as goku 's . 
  i think my childhood has just been utterly ruined . 
  symphony of destruction and trust ( both in english and spanish ) . 
  or enjoying the game , no matter how you call it it feels like people started anticipating the next big thing to finally come and move on to . 
  maybe another mmo ? 
  maybe wow will get good again ? 
  maybe overwatch ? 
  in my most recent playthrough i tried just extending the highway a bit with one way 2 lane roads and crossing them with regular rads in few places as well as adding overpasses . 
  as a result i just had to upgrade those roads to regular highways or more lanes depending on what i wanted , some crossings and overpasses required corrections , but mostly minor stuff . 
  dark ranger moved to black arrow sounds kind of meh and clunky . 
  but what if they do !? 
  imagine , the show comes back from hiatus and the opening scene of the new episode is felicity waiting for a train , close up to her cryface then bam a bullet pierces her forehead , the camera pans to the shooter and its deadshot , he is back !, 
  but wait , as her lifeless body falls to the train tracks , the train drives over it with slade fucking wilson driving it . 
  que the opening . 
  and legends which are basically a better arrow in timespace right now . 
  and the train makes sure they wont be able to use any lazarus mumbo jumbo !, 
  my only fear about saying ga + bc is that some higher up/writers may twist or misinterpret it and turn you know who into black canary just to `` satisfy ' the demand . 
  i mean , just think about ii . 
  if laurel dies her death may be tied to felicity somehow , she may sacrifice to save her/die saving her or something , then they can proceed to pull the `` she died because i was weak , i must continue her legacy '' trope . 
  the difference is that on the flash the drama is n't in the spotlight . 
  i still wonder if the theory that says that bjerg just blocks his calls causing chaos is true . 
  the real winners of this game are deman and the viewers , i had fun listening to the game alone . 
  the only person that is not jay garrick ? 
  and muslim terrorists are a threat right now , so there is really nothing wrong about it . 
  welp , any `` woman hate '' i see on ( polish ) internet is for the stereotypical type of entitled woman , mostly in relationships . 
  basically those women are wealthy minority of society that is disconnected from reality and are made fun of for simply being dumb and are butt of most of the jokes . 
  its worth watching , season 1 has that ny noir climate , while s2 is more of a action/mystery mix . 
   take my gold !, 
  that looks awesome . 
  ftfy , just do n't encourage them to put it on the shop . 
  even the technobabble can be annoying , basically anyone with basic computer knowledge knows that things she says in those lines are random terms thrown around which require a healthy dose of suspense of disbelief , its just that the suspense is sometimes not enough . 
  i mean imagine if hydraulics were like this in tv shows , a hydraulic comes to a broken pipe and starts pounding it randomly with a hammer while explaining to the character/the audience that he has to reroute the pressure plates in 2nd cortex of the labia of the pipe system to fix the issue . 
  i understand where you are coming from and i agree with you , partially . 
  basically , just think if the situation would still be reversed in the context you given , a ( regular-ish ) man would be ridiculed for `` being afraid of girls '' . 
  the whole situation is sticky no matter what and the line should not happen in general . 
  ... for esl , since he is back with rito !, 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  you have more or less hit the nail on its head , we trust no-one , that includes our own gov. 
  i am afraid that activision may have something to do with all that is happening with wow, 
  it is also quite good if you are looking for porn , mainly pics . 
  ^ not ^ that ^ i ^ would ^ know, 
  switch with diggle when they need tech in the field instead of military expertise , laurel/thea could have a separate birds of prey storyline going on with maybe huntress coming back . 
  think of it this way , as a white eastern european male i could n't relate to many games made in ` american ' or ` western ' setting , i have treated them like interactive movies that are fully to watch and learn from , since i generally do not care . 
  i meant immersion on the level of theme/setting more than characters when it comes to games with ` real ' world setting . 
  then again , i said it 's not really a big deal . 
  i mean , a lot of the teams are filling their import slots with koreans already so you may say it 's happening already on a smaller and slower rate . 
  [ good god . 
  m'ay i ask you sumthin daredevil ?
