  while randomusername mentioned most of the features i would like to see , her\u0119 are my 2 cents :, 
  xharwcters in the quest should be deep and make us attach to them , but our decisions along the way should affect their fates/outcomes . 
  somethink like what you xould hqve experienced with mass effect 2 or gta4 's ending . 
  those god damn files wont beat me !, 
  cant really see the stream right n\u00f3w , but i predict a 240min or longer gam\u0119 ending up in draw . 
  calling it . 
  yes , they were meant to be available to recruit straight away , and the lines stayed in the game . 
  but thanks to consoles they had to scrap it and divide game into 2 discs . 
  thanks obama . 
  funny thing is , they do that to eg , but if bjergsen was to leave tsm and go back to eu everyone would shit their pants . 
  the thing is , we dont think they did that . 
  it is considered a possibility but very unlikely . 
  as the historical hate goes , personally i dont hate russian citizens , i dont trust the goverment actions , as throughout the history they attempted to dominate this part of europe that we are in . 
  on the opposing team tho . 
  if a bot duo brags about being a duo and they literally must go bot i know that i am having a baaaad time . 
  those duos who just ask for the roles , but are still ready to pick up anything else are usually the good ones . 
  its quite possible , while hard to imagine how russians would pull this off . 
  but hietory proven that they were capable of sneakky geting rid of people no mqtter how high in the ranks they are . 
  both are likely as sikorski of ww2 wqs firm against russians . 
  anti-enemy nexus if the game goes long enough, 
  non us mirror please ? 
  i always wanted some world of warcraft armors in skyrim , would importing them be pzossible ? 
  yeah , i was mixed up between cheering and feeling sad . 
  they actually used it , didi n't they ? 
  well , looking at the ratings of last 2 episodes and general increase of promotion it recieves ( more youtube content , budwiser sponsorship ( ? ) ) . 
  it is kind of right to say that chances are higher than ever that we will see season 3 if the show keeps the pace it is at for now . 
  honestly id be cool if they cut the witwicky plot ( yes i know it was somewhat from the original story ) out and would just use him as a way of introducing them and then just hand the story in the hands of the military squad . 
  imho the best solution would be the military guys from the first 3 parts + transformers , without any civilians that make me cringe more than they make me laugh , sincei gues they were supposed to be funny . 
   a season later . 
  thats a magic word , the show can buy itself some time to stabilize and go up , we can only hope . 
  this . 
  it opens so much space to practice and enjoy some other roles . 
  i was stuck playing bot lane for so long that i forfot how fun it is to mid or even top . 
  same for support , people seem to throw themself at it more often and then they proceed to ignore the items that make supports better than prebiously ( sight stone , sweepers , go\u0142d generators ) in too many cases . 
  damn yous speak like a midwestern american, 
  hey there , thats an interesting givaway !, 
  i would really love to get the heart of the aspects mount , i find it fitting to many of my characters ( golden paladin transmog , sunwell hunter rransmog etc. ), 
  and generally the idea od it all around , but sadly college barely lets me to pay for my gqme time most of the time . 
  it was done for oblivion tough . 
  i wonder if any of this has any meaning in korean , even if unintentional . 
  aw damn , i was hoping it would transllate into something like :, 
  * rollercoster washing maching tiger jump *, 
  indeed , if you look at her , her priorities are somewhere around, 
  her well being  = jason 's  = tom 's, 
  its just too suspicious that she got out of the blast zone in georgia ( she must have known it will happen ) , and that they actually busted tomn trying to kidnap her new husband . 
  something doesnt add up , either she is a patriot or she has her own game . 
  they will find a new clean hyunday , i guarantee it . 
  also flying may be harder to unlock than just visiting trainer , so not everyone will have it right off the bat . 
  true , tough there was a fair deal of raping her\u0119 and there in warcraft universe ( tabetha ) , they were never admiting or talking about it straight up . 
  ah yes , i am going through the same thing right now , two of my friends got me back to wow along with them around august . 
  lets just say i never set my foot i normal because of that , three months ago we found a good aounding guild , raided flex few times `` to get some lewt for undergeared '' , then i had to buckle down and couldnt play wow for about a month . 
  after i came back the circles in the guild kind of tightened and when i asked if they could find a spot for me the gm gave a positive reaponse , just to tell me that they wont inv me because i havent event done flex 3 , which i did with them . 
  this kind of kills the whole pleasure for me , since i used to love raiding in wow . 
  back in middle school ( ages 13-16 ) there wasa guy in myclass with adhd , he could o all sorts of shit , from beating up poeple to yelling at teachers , and he always hid behind the papers he got from psychiatrist or some other doctor . 
  in other words he was kind of untouchable . 
  anyway being a msmll guy bullied by that big buff asshole i knew i havent stood a chance , but i knew the bigest guy in school that could literally throw people , but he wouldnt back me up since he had anger issues or something so he was holding it up unless provoked to not hurt anyone by accident . 
  so i ploteda plan , i lured the bully near the big guy when and caused him to mistakenly have a go at the big guy , lets just say that bully went flying for a few meters and kind of gave up . 
  other thing is that most of the assholes i know from my childhood either failed at high school finals ( matura exams ) and have no jobs/work in the shittiest ones possible . 
  or have problems with the police/crime records . 
  while i am doing fine as a lazy college student without a debt ( since this is not america and our schooling is public ) . 
  ew edit :, 
  well id say drum and base would be a dominant part of the soundtrack along with dubstep . 
  i doubt that electronic music will die down . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.pandora.com/station/play/1470196915321813139 ) used to be my fav combo , but at some point i overdid it i gues . 
  not sure if the link will work liek that tho . 
  i would roll with [ hussar sword ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ywnmd74bzka/tymivv9hxni/aaaaaaaacw4/hlg5ojpvsya/s1600/sabre+fourreau.jpg ) wearing a chain mail and having m16 as a backup option . 
  this will provide me with efficient way of dealing with small groups with a good bite protection and a back up plan . 
  if i would get ot go into specifics id go with :, 
  [ survival ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlmezywdxpi&amp;feature=kp ) refering to 2014 , so far , tough it applies to few years back aswell . 
  [ a.t.w.a. 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzdl1bupbhu&amp;feature=kp ) would be nice pick in general for 2000 's so far . 
  generally while thinking of `` today id go as far back as to 2001 or 2005 so music from the period has quite a few nice picks , hel ac/dc would be great fir since its good for everything . 
  if it would be regarding technlogy or something along those lines id say pendulum . 
  damn after listening to that link it reminded me how much americans know about poland . 
  i am just curious , hopefully some american will explain this to me , but why most of the americans talk about poland as if we were invaded by cgermany last week and they kind of go with attitute like `` haha you lost ! '' ? 
  i mean i get that out there in us you dont know much about war in general since your borders are kind of safe , but hell i sometiems dont understand why do they act like that . 
   `` there is so little to do there that the polish think the event is awesome '', 
  that is kind of also insulting towards event/games themself , i mean they are indicating that they are too shit for a western masterrace to attend them or something . 
  i dont know if its funny or that , personally i was mostly untouched either way by what he said , tough i consider it inappropriate , and usually when someone jokes like that he refutes the `` point '' he made after he is done , tough thats why what he said was taken seriously . 
  if he would say all that and just finnish it with `` of course it is not , just kidding . '', 
  this topic wouldnt even exist . 
  well durr . 
  thou a people that doesnt know him ( myself included ) is likely to recieve it otherwise . 
   ** [ buffering intensifies } **, 
  ftfy, 
  i am not even bothering to play league without team builder , gon na wait playng other games till its released , or maybe hots gets released first . 
  i just imagined them as bunch of merle clones . 
  can i have the double edged tridient pitchfork of the flames ? 
  lynch with style !, 
  from the article there i see that living there is not much different drom being deqd anyway , unless stuff like heqven and hell exists then it would apply to the latter . 
  so i gues while those people hope their famillies will be well they kind of know that death will be some form of relief for them . 
  meh i dhighly doubt w wil ever see that kind of awesome in lcs . 
  because of current cultural and business attitute . 
  yesterday i loged in the morning and went to do shettek just because , got my self an anzu !, 
  theni finished collecting runestones just * before * lei shen in lfr , which btw by a streak of lucka guy there offered to take me with his group to kill elestials after , hence i went from runestones to the cloak in 30 minutes or less . 
  ahhh ... 
  * freedom !, 
  holding a conversation that would be longer than three to five minutes tops . 
  after that time i just start xircling stuff i have allready said and cant hook up anything else . 
  as a guy i lpve this feeling when a girl does that with my hair , i instantly melt into awesome sleepy feeling .
