  i just picked up photoshop for the sake of some basic learning and toying around the same day i posted this . 
  this is literally the second one i did , ever . 
  you can have trick back . 
  the thing about ciaty lotz is that her forehead reflects so much damn light , i spent whole afternoon trying to find something that would n't look even more out of place . 
  also , i decided to replace whole head instead of just face as a way of experimenting . 
  i need to find some guides . 
  hello , i am glad that you liked my setup !, 
  are you sure you are using the right player ? 
  [ cleartext ] ( http://redsaph.deviantart.com/art/cleartext-for-rainmeter-v3-0-1-19-apr-2016-519796161 ) , as the name suggests , is only text based player with no images attached . 
  no problem , i just noticed that i did n't include the link in my post , gon na fix it now . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  one game while defending as mercy i healed , peeled for myself by killing a tracer and a winston , then i ressed our defenders in short period of time . 
  potg ? 
  torbjorn walking from spawn as his turret murders people . 
  deathwing seems like a such a raped dragon ... 
  * he admits that he wanted to use both alex and ysera as mates . 
  * set up alex 's imprisonment, 
  * sinestra , as you mentioned . 
  it may change when the game launches , since open beta brings a lot of people from all over the place , especially league of legends players who just have this attitude of `` i must carry team '' in mid/low elos of play . 
  i genuinely hate this empty buzzword . 
  i mean , is it really necessary ? 
  with loot boxes just dropping like rain from the sky , with each having like what 4 drops ? 
  getting everything desired will be a matter of ~ month . 
  the things about lyte are odd , he did some really good things for the game but on many occasions he tried to overstep his goal by trying to tell players how they exactly should behave . 
  i believe it was clg , unless i missed him soloing games on his own . 
  ` bastion so anti-fun ', 
  personally , i was mildly annoyed the few first time bastion cockblocked my wins . 
  then , i just played a few times to research the colourful ways that people blew me up with and implement them in my own play . 
  remember when these people were called cunts or assholes?pepperidge farm remembers . 
  honestly , id rather call that person out as a cunt rather than trying to use such a devalued word as ` toxic ' . 
  i wonder how will they nitpick on the civil war approach to these cards . 
  would calling a person an asshole be bannable ? 
  doubt it . 
  so far the ( i am at lvl 40 ) xp required capped at 22k per level since like lvl 30 . 
  it still goes quite fast considering you can gety a lot of xp per win . 
  people seem to just skim through the part of me underlining mid/low rank players as the main point of my argument . 
  trust me , i have been through silver/gold , people straight up leave if they die once in lane in my games . 
  does n't matter , kill iris anyway so caitlyn can grind barry 's ashes , this is the only organic solution . 
   the beta will now conclude on may 10 at 10:00 a.m. pdt in all regions . 
  so it ends in about 3 hours . 
  with guggenheim involved you be damn sure that they will have shit to fight over every five minutes . 
  oh , that tracer wiped out my team with a granades and i rested them all a second later ? 
  nah here have a tire double kill . 
  yup , got a pot as mercy for ressing one guy , shooting up another for some dmg than healing up a reaper . 
  but i did n't get it for ressng a full team wipe ... 
  similar thing here , while i am 6 years younger and still study , games started to run stale for me after 5 years of playing one map in league of legends . 
  overwatch is truly a breath of fresh air . 
  hawkgirl mercy ? 
  i was quite hyped already , now i am just hooked . 
  too bad the people i played league with only got hooked but openly claim they wont buy it . 
  because `` its going to get repetitive and is not worth 40 bucks '' , which really buggers me since they play lol , a game that is playing mainly one map the same way every time for about an hour , and do n't even get me started on how much money they have spent on it already , each one of them would be able to buy overwatch for an orphanage . 
  on the last day of the beta i tried to chase down a soldier on my team throughout the whole gibraltar attack just to heal him but every time i got close he turned a corner and started sprinting away from me again . 
  i just gave up and watched him die with a satisfaction . 
  he kept taking damage on the move , and he was the closest person around . 
  its more that the hypocrisy of spending 200 + euros on a game where they basically play one map vs excusing themselves from spending 40 on a game with a bit more variation with 12 maps and 3 game modes . 
  i really got hooked on overwatch as the game that hooks me up with that love i havent felt towards a game in a few years . 
  the thing is that due to the currency difference overwatch in poland costs over four times as much as it does in the eurozone , so instead of paying 40 bucks i have to spend 160 + pln , which is a huge sum of money . 
  then again give the game away fairly , dont mind my sob story . 
  exactly , i am glad that overwatch is coming around when it does . 
  i have played lol for over 5 years now and since more than 2 i feel like the game became a time killing chore due to the lack of alternatives . 
  i just played when i was bored and so i just ruined my day by becoming angry and frustrated . 
  even normals , watching a gray screen for 30 minutes is n't fun when your team is getting stomped . 
  you just want to end it but your team refuses to surrender . 
  riot started with a dota clone . 
  dota was and is a popular game type , they were just lucky to be the one to trend . 
  for stunning 7 seconds , during which you most likely wo n't see anything shocking . 
  i lost a game ? 
  oh well , it was just ten minutes , more luck in next one i guess . 
  also the way the normal matchmaking in ow works makes rematch/scramble rematch happen naturally . 
  you hit the nail on it 's head . 
  to add onto this , when one of my friends went on a rant about league because it drove him so mad , i just challenged him to last 7 days without playing it and finding something else to play , be it single player games or just watching movies . 
  the result was simple , his time on league went down as he learned to call quits whenever the game started to frustrate him . 
  i advise anyone in similar situation to try this method , it may work for you too . 
  40 bucks , is surely less than you ( i am assuming ) spent on league . 
  and ow allows a bit more play diversity and fulfilment , the game will be updated with more maps and heroes post release as well . 
  you drop 40 on the spot and get everything . 
  thats exactly the idea of the whole thing , you wont feel compelled to play . 
  about voice comms , the eu language barrier feels still too big for the of the argument . 
  then there comes the case of comms being another medium for griefing if consoles and csgo are any indication . 
  auto correct strikes again !, 
  well , i just tried cs : go again due to the overwatch withdrawal and i was greeted by two guys yelling at each other the first game i joined . 
  another thing worth noting that in overwatch normal games you can leave at any point when you do n't feel like playing , the only penalty is that you do n't receive the xp for finishing the match . 
  positive reinforcement right there . 
  indeed , you can craft interesting team comps , synergize your abilities etc. 
  there is a plenty of team play potential in ow . 
  keep in mind that most character 's abilities interact with other ( friendly ) players in some way . 
  there is way more that could be used , the build up could be done in recent episodes , the relic that darkh uses could be utilized in the s5 ritual somehow , since it is fueled by deah and all that . 
  what if it could be used for good by flushing out the `` negativity '' from siren in the process ? 
  or used later when the side effects of the ritual make laurel struggle with the mixed personality ? 
  so many possible , fresh storylines lay there . 
  i disagree , i can only come up with general written ideas like shown here . 
  i cant really do details well . 
  also , another idea . 
  the crossover could work in a threeway . 
  flash - search for the black siren with oliver since he is one that knew e1 laurel , maybe they get to visit e2 and ollie meets his father for a brief moment for some reason . 
  arrow - getting constantine , preparing the ritual and convincing e2 laurel to take part in it . 
  lot - this one is i am the least satisfied with , but lets assume we need a living laurel to prevent it , so rip either takes e2 laurel back in time to the hospital after ollie left the room and performs the ritual , laurel goes in a coma instead of dying . 
  the doctors say that she may not wake up which still gives motivation for people to do what they did on arrow . 
  she wakes up when time catches up . 
  alternatively , rip can just take past laurel from the hospital leaving a decoy that had a seizure and died .
