  they could do it so that scaling stops at 60/70/80 / 85 etc for vanilla/tbc / wrath/cata zones and just treats you as your current lvl . 
  it was more complicated than that . 
  gw2 lacked in pve raiding and dungeons . 
  it does n't mean that it has to stay active after you cap out the expansion you are leveling in . 
  or just so the scaling is there for leveling purpose only ? 
  it 's not necessary in old zones when you cap . 
  some low level mobs still drop things worth coming by for . 
  scaling could make it annoying . 
  or add `` future '' as the text refers to the past . 
  slavic lee sin, 
  you do n't have to drop 60 dollars just to get league of legends . 
  damn privileged european settlers !, 
  depends on how they explain it . 
  it may be some kind of mass effect jump wumbo jumbo . 
  it 's likely to be the case , so ce they need mass relay tech to make a fast jump to andromeda . 
  ill probably get its twin brother since i cant afford an upgrade . 
  hd 6850 are quite cheap and trusty right now . 
  done , that i took it out , cleaned , looked over . 
  there do not seem to be any signs of damage . 
  software like gpu-z seems to detect it as well . 
  it still is more cost effective , since most of prebuilt rigs are overpriced . 
  as a person who tends to bottle up emotions . 
  you sure need to release your frustrations because they will come out of way or another . 
  personally , i suffer from something a kin to emotional breakdowns when everything gets too built up , sometimes crying , sometimes just pure fear/panic . 
  everyone has their own way of dealing with frustration , you may have to find your own . 
  try talking to someone , maybe even explain calmly to the person that frustrates you , if there is such , and tell them whats wrong . 
  there are plenty of possibilities , most likely is the nuclear war , others are disease , global catastrophe and such . 
  as a victim of bullying and abuse i was feeling suicidal most of the time , even now i have urgent to just ignore the bus as i pass the street . 
  but when i do that , i know that i would possibly ruin the driver 's life . 
  besides that , as funny as it may sound , i am genuinely afraid of death and pain . 
  not just any android phone , the newest xperia z or an equivalent . 
  my parents are in a genuinely shitty relationships , love is gone for plenty of years , as long as my memory goes , me and my mother are pretty aware of my father cheating on her but nothing ever got proven . 
  my dad is genuinely an odd person who can be really emotionally abusive . 
  for my relationships , i once met a girl and everything was goingg great , but shortly after i called quits on the relationship because i could n't bear to think i could potentially end up like my parents , or even worse , as the abusive one . 
  since then i have n't been with anyone or even attempted to , which kind of screwed me over since now as an adult i have no relationship and relationship forming experience . 
  as well as i ca n't value one . 
  oh hello , they call me tony sauf ' co\u015b because ... 
  for reference ; https://youtu.be/f2c5slq1feq, 
  some new spell probably . 
  interesting , is there a source on that ? 
  that would put the whole case in a different light . 
  taillight hammer akin confirmed ? 
  i hope we can mog artifacts into other artifacts . 
  shame , i do n't really like the idea and design of the gun for bm , even crossbow would be better . 
  only two salaries ? 
  damn check your privilege !, 
  if you are not sarcastic , thank you . 
  sadly the gpu died and i am forced to replace it with the same one rather than even a minor upgrade due to budget constraints . 
  but , yeah . 
  for a 3 year old rig it does it 's job just right . 
  its hard to tell , one day it works , the other morning its just like [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuvcgzbtp_k ) note that this is fresh windows i installed while trying to figure out whats wrong . 
  the pc is only usable with the default vga drivers or the amd drivers disabled . 
  the screen is still plugged into the gpu . 
  well , you would be right if i would have lived in america . 
  i live in eastern europe , hardware prices here are kind of high . 
  edit : to elaborate : 750ti costs 500pln + . 
  while new msi hd 6860 cyclone goes for 269 pln . 
  the only gtx660scs i found went for 569 pln . 
  ah yes , i went through the reflashing and any other software based option i could come up with , nothing helped . 
  a friend brings in his hd 6850 just to make sure its the gpu . 
  i really hope its not the psu at fault here . 
  edit : just for the sake of it , heres my psu : ocz stealthxstream 2 500w, 
  next , you are going to tell me that you had a msi 870s-c45 ( fx ) motherboard . 
  if yes then ill begin to be scared . 
  uh , mundo stays where he pleases ? 
  basically , i 'll belive it when i see it . 
  there 's always possibility that this happens . 
  evening for various reasons . 
  not every guild does mythic , more of them do heroics where people can come up with different reasons to bringing or not bringing someone . 
  mandatory buffs kind of solved this issue because each spec/class was required at some point . 
  if your ret paladin was not up to par , you sure as hell would be still actively looking for replacement . 
  technically , we are still forced to respect throughout the expansions due to viability shifting all over the place . 
  but that is caused by poor spec balance , now thatvp and pve balance got separated we can hope that it gets better on that front . 
  well it affects me in particular , that 's why i am talking about it . 
  i am the kind of personmthat has their favourite class spec and throne that hates while trying to squish out as much as possible frommtheir class . 
  for example i love playing hunters , i just love it . 
  but god damn do i hate the marksman gameplay , it actually made me quitnthe game for now since i am forced to play the spec due to huge dps difference . 
  i have been there . 
  in tbc ( well more so on a solid tbc server but shh ) we had 3 hunters in our 25 man guild , lets just say 2 were max per raid where there were groups of warlocks , just because warlocks did stupidly high dps . 
  this caused hunters to be staggered for couple of reasons :, 
  no agi totem , i could moan bitch and beg all i wanted but the meeles needed wf and the warlocks needed totems in their groups too . 
  any kind of mana regen buffs were hard to come by since the raiding market lacked paladins at that point , which meant short hawk period in the fight , and i could n't ask for a sp in my group either because the abundance of warlocks needed it . 
  beside that there were plenty other small reasons that were more of a quirk of the community than the game itself . 
  anyway my point is , if timmy sucks and pulls the group down regardless of giving the buff , any self respecting raid leader would either get `` me '' back or eventually recruit chad an experienced druid and boot timmy out . 
  or they lack the `` reality check '' also known as the `` no '' guy . 
  i believe he meant that everyone can easily get into mid-top tier of the game pretty fast and with not that much effort . 
  those bloody pastafarians . 
  they are most likely fully random . 
  250 pln i cant even think about getting it xd, 
  nice replacement for the standard apocalypse asthma kid . 
  it 's a retelling with brand new continuity , most of key events will probably happen , but some people and their roles may be swapped or slightly altered . 
  first and foremost , the lack of as engaging alternatives . 
  no other game , be it mmo or just a single player got me so attached to the world and characters and the story as wow did . 
  i can probably explain that as a connection originating from warcraft 3 . 
  another thing anchoring me to wow are the people , that 's one way of spending time with my internet buddies . 
  no , no , no he is asgardian . 
  some come for games , some come for personalities . 
  it can be a turn down when your regional player needs subtitles when giving an interview ( sorry wickd ) . 
  funny thing , i tried swtor recently and got hooked .
