  true , but since the totalitarian period was also called the communist period here i just refer to more commonly used name in this case . 
  weak and small at the same time , some buildings just feel minature compared to aliance 's ones . 
  yup , tried that aswell . 
  i gues using the braizers that provide light to my great hall need to just do it for cooking . 
  the bermuda triangle buzzkil was hillarious . 
  malfurion would probably go on doing his thing saving the world , but would get a more reasonable and balanced support from ilidan . 
  meaning that he wouldnt do much wrong as he used to do . 
  when the highborne exile would happen i could imagine him taking tyrande and leaving with them ror ek or just helping with working the issue out , which would lead to humans not being such big of a nation since they wouldnt probably have won the troll wars so easly . 
  akama - heavy fighter spec . 
  maiev - light mobile fighter spec . 
  illidan - magic based fighter spec . 
  also , what is worth noting is that thrall broke up then duel easly with a lighting bolt when the scourge attacked . 
  its either we just take the role of the people who stayed behind for the sake of this instance or just do it before leaving . 
  god damn it ... 
  i mean ... you can just google boobs and keep the pet . 
  why not both ... ? 
  not all of it tho , yuo can skip the harder packs , still . 
  also mm is highly overrated in boss encounters , since they require quite a lot movement your mastery often becomes useless , while bm for example can ujust move freely , and still keep the same dps as if standing still . 
  really , orgrim had more lore to him than durotan ever did before wod , it is kind of silly that he died so easly . 
  but then again , in the blackhand comic they showed him as a real pansy . 
  oh i hate that , there is a popular festival in my country , and when something gets posted about it on the internet , people who have the least to do with it go crazy about politics , pisses me off . 
  a few hunter class questions :, 
  what is your stance on hunter specs and difference in their dps performance . 
  are the pros and cons of each spec in the right places right now , or should some specs be tuned further ? 
  will hunters get more gara-pets in upcoming patches ? 
  ( would love to tame a pure draenor ghost wolf among few ohters ), 
  is there any chance of geting some qol changes ot pet ai/behaviour in the future ? 
  the bodyguards look like a stab at the issue since their behaviour is better than player 's pets . 
  thank you very much for doing the ama !, 
  the last gta i can remember with women being killed/targeted was gta3 , and even then that happened kind of offscreen not really directly . 
  also , they were portrayed quite well . 
  what video ? 
  i kind of missed out on few days on this sub . 
  eu lcs is getting striped out of reasons to be watched each day . 
  and then when their country is outmof ammo , they walk into a landmine . 
  is there a link to said reaction ( s ) ? 
  i would like to get some salt to restock my kitchen with . 
  had an exact same thing !, 
  lately the game seemed to be collapsing while loading on multiple occasions either due connection or just game stability since i diagnosed my computer left and right looking for issue that may cause it . 
  can someone link it ? 
  i am terrible at googling . 
  the color scheme is tiring . 
  same story here , the low post issue may be related that a cnunk of subscribers dont even have the game . 
  i am elys !, 
  22 years old student playing league since beta at a casual level . 
  i have started a streaming project along with some old friends i play league with on [ my channel ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/elys666 ) where we basically stream the games we play together . 
  along with this , we are sometimes spectating and commentating some league games on our [ separate channel . 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/prettyelegantwipe ), 
  warning : strong language and adult humor are to be met on regular basis !, 
  quick links :, 
  [ my stream . 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/elys666 ), 
  [ latest stream highlights !, 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/elys666/profile ), 
  [ stream with which we commentate . 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/prettyelegantwipe ), 
  any feedback is welcome . 
  thanks for droping by in advance and i hope you will stay !, 
  if you want to get some knowledge by reading books , start with `` the rise of the horde '' . 
  if you want to just play games , play warcraft 1-3 . 
  if you want to have interesting lore bits in wiki form , go on wowpedia.com, 
  hell , even lore wise the hellfire version of kargath ahould be more scary because of all that felblood empowerement . 
  also , people have access to the internet outside of america aswell . 
  it is a random companion pet , just set some others to favorites and it shouldnt pop up . 
  i am elys !, 
  22 years old student playing league since beta at a casual level . 
  i have started a streaming project along with some old friends i play league with on [ my channel ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/elys666 ) where we basically stream the games we play together . 
  we stream mostly around late afternoons or during european night time . 
  along with this , we are sometimes spectating and commentating some league games on our [ separate channel . 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/prettyelegantwipe ), 
  warning : strong language and adult humor are to be met on regular basis !, 
  quick links :, 
  [ my stream . 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/elys666 ), 
  [ latest stream highlights !, 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/elys666/profile ), 
  [ stream with which we commentate . 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/prettyelegantwipe ), 
  any feedback is welcome . 
  thanks for droping by in advance and i hope you will stay !, 
  besides that its a mod for your game , you basically choose to install it or not . 
  for example , i dont like a few skyrim mods with bimbo nudity that just take it over the unrealistic top , which brings the issue of them becoming too popular and overshadowing decent mods that are actually immersive/interesting , skyrim nexus in particular seems to be struggling with this issue . 
  true , yet some mods tend to be taged as an adult while being an actual quality piece worth while . 
  i am not sure of bigger tits for statues being one of them . 
  while you are right regarding most of your points , i would like to say that , keep in mind it is my own opinion and it may not reflect the majority of players , league is becoming stale . 
  the new changes are kind of helping to adress that issue , but at the same time they make the game more macro oriented making it hard to play it individualy . 
  most of the people have groups of friends they can play but some peopel have different skillcaps between their friends and that can make the game frustrating to play , not to mention some of us may prefer to play alone . 
  overall , the change is good for all other aspects of the game that wants to be an esport model becasue the current changes adress the teams in general rather than 1-3 players carrying them . 
  all in all i believe that league is at its peak and will eventually go dwon sooner or later . 
  i think he gets a cut from some merch aswell . 
  ok , just to make sure , sign this :, 
  * `` i , [ name ] agree to go see a movie [ title ] with [ name2 ] , and i admit that i did that with my free , unpressured will . 
  this decision is final and will remain so during an after commiting the action '' *, 
  indeed , i had to put down my dog due to cancer in december , watching him in the state he was was painfull enough , i cant imagine having to watch him slowly starve himself to death as he falls apart . 
  so now if you would think of him as of a human and that we would have to keep him artificially alive , its just the thought of his agony . 
  i , actually , was considering it , but the problem is that i live and study in eastern europe and my college library may not have the greatest supply , ill try searching through it regardless . 
  english , there are 3 fields available for my degree in this case :, 
  * culture, 
  * language studies, 
  * literature,
