  you wouldnt kill a teammate . 
  and steal his items . 
  you wouldnt shit on the stolen items , and give them to his grieving duo partner . 
  and then steal them again !, 
  leaking champions is bad , if you do it you will face the consequence _ . 
  i felt like i heard this guy yelling at few moere events than worlds only . 
  no no no , all wrong , . 
  add a sentence how only faker itemizes properly . 
  quarter life 3, 
  hey guys !, 
  oh yeah those great moments a re surely a great mix for the tons of fuckups and asswhoopings poland received in between them . 
  never said that , there is some certain angle to poland tho it is always in taht wierd spot in btetween shitty and awesome which kind of makes it bitter . 
  also , i am not a fan of that kind of display of nationalism , seems just silly imo . 
  true , history always mothers me tho . 
  polish history is kind of parabolic , which i gues is always ok but ithe repeating scenario even now ( a bit diffrently ) is that poland is stronk and whatnot , but then it fucks itself up with the kings and other rulers/oliticians making dumbest decisions ever . 
  also , wow . 
  just give me the song title of the song from the final tom scene . 
  please ? 
  - imho that scene was a masterpieace , it would be even better if he succesfuly gunned down everyone instead of it being an ambush . 
  thanks !, 
  indeed , that kind of scene would be 10 times more epic , i just kinda anticipated it the moment the moment the music started playing , bummer . 
  nope , thats a result of typing in the dark while holding the keyboard on your knees . 
  gon na fix the post nao . 
  to me it looks like julia was recruited by patriots the same way charlie 's granfather got recruited . 
  i believe that she insisted on tom tak\u0119 over monroe republic since she knew that with her he would cooperate with patriots . 
  froggen is good at farming , and somewhat on teamfighting imo . 
  but if an enemi mid roams its a gg . 
  same thing applies to him playing le blanc , all that farm while good is kinda worthless if he wont shoot anyone down before hitting 900 minions . 
  well ... 
  they * did * expect a 3-0 . 
  sponsoring problems i believe . 
  regardless of achievements the polish sponsors seemed to dump them quite often . 
  do you think that jayce could be used as a midlaner in competetive play right now ? 
  or does he need any changes of any kind ? 
  come to think about it , we are likely bound to stumble upon wod version of saurfang somewhere in alternative draneor . 
  definietly , as homer simpson said , trying is the first step to failure . 
  lets just say its not worth forcing yourself into relationships if they dont happen . 
  exactly , this looks more like mental issues on the guy 's side than a rage episode of playing lol :o, 
  from personal experence ( pre e change ) she is a lot of fun , you are basically arenekton popping out of thin air . 
  yeah i gues we havent grown up to not having any qol features in the game to make it look hard !, 
  well if a person gets caught stealing for the first time then he wont suffer any consequences because he may not steal again ? 
  honestly i think that people capable of toxic behaviour on league arent limited to one time instances , they may not be consistent in their negative attitute but they still will ruin someone 's game again . 
  there are different ways of letting off steam , one of the most of effective ones is even a shortest break from league , make it few hours , and come back to try again . 
  flaming often leads normal people to more frustration as it is likely make you loose the game . 
  i understood that by tilt you meant a few bad games that happened before , hence they should be the stoping point . 
  they wanted a 3:0 and they got it . 
  well there is football and there is handegg . 
  number of times i was lied to by other people . 
  could you port some wrold of warcraft armors to skyrim , same like womeone did for oblivion ? 
  id be especially interested in tiers 4 to 6, 
  thanks , i am looking forward to hearing from you if anything moves . 
  ah good times . 
  oh god . 
  this is bullshit !, 
  nobody ever tells him anything !, 
  no way : - o, 
  as for darker dungeons only one is enabled at a time . 
  and for the other warnings - those are kind of harmless/irrelevant . 
  as for my pc :, 
  cpu amd phenom ii x4 965 3.40 ghz, 
  gpu radeon hd6850, 
  oh also no inis are mostly untouched . 
  and i ma running skyrim on high settings . 
  i did test the 512 memory fix , with 760 and 1024 options , so far i noticed thart about 20 % of freezes got reduced into slight stuters . 
  i need to look into hialgoboost . 
  i did all the compatibility changes/patches regarding cot/rlo/rn . 
  and i also disabled everything in my graphic card controller . 
  posting my enblocal is kind of pointless right now since i am switching around through different enbs trying to see if they are a part of the problem . 
  rest asured i use enboost whenever it is possible . 
  hmm i also noticed that the frezes may be related to animations , as after a freze many npcs often take frozen animationless postitions ( hands and legs straight and to their sides ) . 
  bingo , high rez dlc seem to have caused the freezes . 
  are there any alternatives for hd textures that i could use ? 
  i wont ever justify any afk unless its a fucking earthquake . 
  but if i se that some guy has to go in 5 minutes after 20 minutes into the game , then i am just angry . 
  seriously people if you dont have at least hour and few minutes to play than ** do not fucking play ** . 
  and that folks , that is what grinds my gears . 
  altough there is difference between a sudden event happening and a person having lets say appointment or just having to leave 30 minutes after queueing up . 
  is it really that hard to make sure if that noone will bother you with anything ( if you know thee is a possibility of such ) for next hour or so ? 
  also , seriously ? 
  griflfriend ? 
  lets be realistic here , this is lol we are talking about . 
  or my parents are awesome . 
  silver bolts and a dash !, 
  * 20 minutes into the game * sorry guys i need to visit a doctor at 5pm , can we end this quickly ? 
  that kind of scenario is neither serious nor should it happen imho . 
  i know there are things that are more important than lol , obviously . 
  i have just noticed an increase of leavers because of scheluded meetings etc. 
  hypecopter, 
  and all 4 people that play him ? 
  35 is the latest bodycount i heard of . 
  i am too lazy to open the link , which ward kill is being spoken of ? 
  super minions top . 
  super minions bot . 
  peke gets caught !, 
  dem deman rhymes . 
  try a trial and error run with the game disabling all the esps and then enabling them again one by one/in groups of few . 
  this willmhelp you with findingnthe mod that may be the cause . 
  after that you need to either figur\u0119 out if it is conflicting/badly inststaled/wrong load order . 
  immersive armors have some hoods included in them . 
  `` dwarven unarmored mage hood `` may fit you .
