  do n't worry its just a few days after the patch it will surely be hotfixed . 
  my friends groups are constantly shrinking , both irl and online . 
  whenever i think about my future i see myself lonely and depressed . 
  i used to go to a music festival each year in my country to have some fun but i am considering skipping this year . 
  we usually camp in our tents there and the past two years were brutal to me . 
  each year had a really cold night that prevented me from sleeping . 
  i was shaking to tears from cold , trying to get some warmth or fall asleep just so i could hear the next morning how my friend and his gf managed by cuddling . 
  that shit just stings me so hard to this day . 
  base - you can add/change flavour from here, 
  amateurs . 
  with the movie rules applying i would just wait and pick a proper partner and throw every romcom trope at her for guaranteed success . 
  she rejects me for her douche fiance ? 
  act hurt , wait out a little , bust in on their wedding , ?? 
  i think this is the obvious solution !, 
  homogenizing expansions and then scaling everything to their respective max level and not above . 
  so old world stuff ould be lvl 6 and still get one shotted . 
  in the end , the healers would be still blamed . 
  maybe taking current affixes and distributing them randomly as auras to mobs in the instance would work better ? 
  let 's say you have a pack of 8 mobs , two of them bolster and explode while the remaining four apply necrotic , two of which spawn bombs and two are skittish . 
  as a hunter suffering through highmaul i am relieved that i do n't have to chase after a bow that drops from only one boss , instead i can gradually upgrade my weapon through ap and relics , of which there is an abundance of . 
  eh , bti is kinda replaceable if you do n't mind being off by some few hundreds dps and cant be bothered by titanforging , its not as crucial as a weapon would be . 
  dont worry , i am sure that more will sun be let in in the name of diversity ^ tm to fill out their spots, 
  and kind of even with cof , depending on your spec, 
  that was a better burn than a fire mage could cause . 
  it 's still better than mass effect andromeda, 
  you could say that i am on fire , gladly it does not hurt . 
  more like a tutorial to broken shore : here are the things you can do and find here . 
  the hunter set feels extremely ugly in non-mythic variants , even the mythic one is just eh . 
  i am still salty that blizz did n't got with the obvious theme and did n't reskin demonstalker for tomb instead of gronnstalker , that just feels out of place . 
  also , are we going to find naga in space !? 
  it would be better to wear something from felhounds if they want to necessarily just go with that idea . 
  i really hope that the hunter tier gets entirely changed , the base forms look bland as hell . 
  the mythic form gains some flavor but ... why naga themed ? 
  that could have fit tomb because there were some naga involved there or on the broken shore . 
  ( bar the fact i still think that demonstalker was a more fitting candidate to reskin for tomb . ), 
  but why naga in space ? 
  the raid is in god damn space , argus is a foreign planet , naga just feel so out of place for now . 
  therapy may help , i am going to figure out myself in two weeks probably . 
  or towards the least popularone maybe ? 
  but the person paying for the car may not be as lucky . 
  still not going to bother . 
  and clicking , do n't forget about the clicking . 
  friends and girlfriends existing . 
  fun fact , obs wont make it disappear !, 
  i cant figure out a workaround . 
  i have this group of friends i like to play with in general . 
  but the moment i decide to do something on my own or with someone else , they seem to take it a bit personally . 
  i 'd rather pretend to be offline than deal with that . 
  `` but it 's better !!! '', 
  no , she is still alive e and this is not the green arrow . 
  co\u015b w ten dese\u0144 . 
  if only that was the requirement for that one tint, 
  i 'll rephrase what the op meant ( i hope i 'll get it right ) . 
  i want to feel satisfied , i want to be excited about the future , not fear it . 
  i want companionship where i can share my thoughts and experiences with someone close to me . 
  or it 's about to go bad . 
  or , from my experience , anyone that is nice to me is just doing it to turn around and either use me , boost their own ego by making fun of me or something else . 
  i co ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mscyptbjrka ), 
  i am the suicidal type ( although never really tried ) , its kind of depression thing . 
  you may feel all well nine out of ten days , then on one day something just happens and everything goes to crap , your mind gets stuck in a loop of negativity and drills itself deeper . 
  it may be anything , a broken cup reminding you about how damn clumsy you may be and how you ca n't do certain things you 'd want to because of it . 
  a friend mentioning their happy relationship as you talk about something else that reminds you that you are lonely . 
  visit at someone 's house and having a dinner with one 's family and seeing how you ca n't have that at your place for various reasons . 
  those are only a few hypothetical situations i can come up with . 
  i am in the same boat as you , meteora was my true first escape into the world of sounds where i felt validated in a way and where i actually liked the reality around me , its really hard to describe . 
  i am finishing my transition itno adulthood , coming from a kinda-poor home i looked forward to starting my working on my own upkeep and maybe saving to go see a linkin park concert one day to relive those good parts of otherwise bad days , but now that part of the bucket list is gone or at least massively damaged ... 
  i really liked to sing along to chester 's solos in many songs , the emotion he put in his singing resounded with teenage-me a lot and i enjoyed their music even more thanks to it . 
  the `` edginess '' of their music also helped me cope with my own depressive moods and just live on , its crushing to see that someone who basically played a part in me staying alive committed suicide himself ... 
  not to mention that lp was one of the first band to form my music tastes as they are now , without them i may have either not have been alive today or a totally different person . 
  or just runs them on base mythic and considers that everything is a-ok as long as they complete it . 
  [ * begins playing immidiately . 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta-z_psxodw ), 
  this may be unrelated , but i could imagine my father doing it . 
  to put it simply , he is dumb . 
  he does n't understand how much time commuting to college and studying takes away from me and just thinks i am lazy because i am at home ... 
  he would probably do this in his outbursts of stupid , thinking that i can work a full time job . 
  tbh , i think people reacting like in the screenshot in regards of a video game faction is a bit ... mental . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/jerzyowsiak/posts/1427222484023406 ) ] ( / spoiler ), 
   though i would n't have been as salty if they had made bm dual-wielding two pet melee like rexar . 
  i would be salty then . 
  it is , the rig visibly cuts in half or even more sections in few places . 
  its pretty glaring . 
  meh , i am playing hunter to stay ranged . 
  my raid group has enough melees as it is . 
  how about making a point that neither should be melee ? 
  the game has enough melee specs as it is . 
  so hello there rddit community . 
  i am a league player for about 2 + years now ( if not longer , i 've lost the count ) , buit that 's not the case . 
  i usually play normals , from time to time with my friends and i dont really have courage or sanity to touch ranked . 
  lately i noticed that i feel disgust whenever i have to pick a ad carry , seriously every game something goes wrong while playing with people that seem to be on a equal level of skill as i am , i sually fall behind with my cs no matter how much i try and whatever i do , it just happens to be that enemy carry is 30 cs ahead out of nowhere , regardless if he died or not . 
  second thing is - i think - related to my disability - i can see only with my left eye , right one is almost blind , hence my real life fv is n't as wide as normal person 's so when i focus on cs-ing i just cant look over the warded area to see incoming ganks . 
  usually i just played support and actually enjoyed the role , but quickly noticed that if my ad carry or ohter teammate/teammates are doing bad or simply are bad players i ca n't just do anything about it , to be honest i cant do anything to win the game . 
  and as for other lanes , iam fine with anything that is not a jungle , but yeah i am stuck in a soloq , a place where i still get to have last pick ( 90 % of time ) , where people are selfish and just firstpick solo top and mid - the lanes i would do totally good at most of the time . 
  before gw2 i played wow durning tbc/wotlk as a hunter ( blood or night elf ) , and i am wondering would syvari ranger be a close enough expirience to comfortably hop into the game ? 
  ... or it 's just me being too sensitive . 
  anyway since the honor system got announced i noticed a increasing number of behawior that folows :, 
  a match is found , someone calls a role ( late pick usually ) , and if someone else disagrees or simply comments somewhat negativly about it , that person gets flamed for having a bad communication with the team by the person calling the lane , and usually rest of the team takes the flamer side . 
  later on , after the match has allready started the same person who started flaming in champion select goes on rambo doing stupid shit around the person that got flamed earlier blaming him for being a bad teamplayer since he didint jump into 2v5 with enemy team that has baron buff , again rest of the team joins up flaming the one guy . 
  the match is over now , the flamer led his sheeps to voting him up and reporting the kind of inocent player who just spoke up about someone 's feeling of entitlement about picking a champion .
