  who and who now ? 
  now i kind of wish rip recruited killer frost from e2 somehow . 
  i think his suit is a bit like an old mobile phone compared to the new ones , it is meant to do mainly two things calls and messages . 
  the new phone 's advantage lays in the additional features , like apps and internet browsing . 
  by which i mean , his offensive power is as good , but utility stays behind . 
  technically it 's felicity 's company that did it with the help of his brother . 
  so if palmer would get it back and steer it away from the arms business towards maybe something like organic corn , then nothing bad would happen . 
  she has also beaten cupid with a monologue !, 
  truly strong and powerful ... 
  the one with eyelazors and sewed mouth . 
  i mean , they brought sarah back for a spinoff , they may aswell do it with laurel . 
  daaamn freddy has changed !, 
  ouch !, 
  right in the ba ... 
  forget it . 
  and try to kill them regardless of lvl difference . 
  how does 2,31 % works as a sample size ? 
  let 's say if had 10 olishitters here , how would that reflect on general fanbase ? 
  terrific replaces her as the tech guy so she can work as the canary , ofcourse . 
  and i asked a different question since you did some meth , mi mean math . 
  it 's a serious question . 
  and thats how you trigger arrow 's fans . 
  with such a strong and powerful case concept . 
  its a soap opera with action scenes now an then . 
  it sucks even for soap opera standards . 
  from personal perspective , it pushes the pug grouping bar stupidly high for reasons , back in tbc 5 man heroic gear was just fine for all intents and purposes . 
  nowadays people require you to be ilvl 9000 + to clean an outhouse , because reasons . 
  i do understand the reasons it is that way but still , having a tier x back in the day used to matter something , while not having it didnt really hinder your ability to play either . 
  hey , those people are example of how you show class !, 
  he went from `` hey bud . 
  you have been through some shit '' to `` felicity is strong and powerful , you should apologise her for everything '' . 
  the beatdown barry receives in the trailer will kickstart his speedforce probably . 
  also he had that run in with league of assassins , joining g a cult for a while was n't healthy for his sanity either i guess . 
  animated series seem to imply that he was in contact with the league aswell , as ra 's seems to pursue him , same goes for games . 
  ca n't really talk about comics . 
  the taint from hellfire started spreading through the portal , so its a more gradual thing . 
  its a 2 stage map , their main base is behind the portal , what we see here is just a proxy . 
  she looks like 50 years old in this poster . 
  imagine if they made front a mantle instead of character in lotr . 
  imagine superman without lois . 
  batman with living parents . 
  flash without iris . 
  and so on . 
  explains my murderous tendencies . 
  so you are telling me that there is a tool that could let them revive laurel at the end of the season and they most likely wo n't use it ? 
  fuck this . 
  laurel stabbed with an arrow ? 
  give her some tea and she will be k. ah wait no , the grave was written first . 
  the only good things in there was the brick storyline , honestly it would be better if bc and arsenal dealt with him themselves . 
  yeah , the use of smoke bomb as a cover alone added a lot , in the recent episode he just zipped out as if they were n't there . 
  at that point i would lost count at how many times lance 's daughters died . 
  he is the green filter . 
  dart shooting arrow , electrocution arrow , canary cry arrow . 
  anything there are a plenty of way he could beat him . 
  but he does n't use arrows . 
  by electrocution i meant if it could send an arc of electricity towards it 's target . 
  when it comes to carry arrow , think of it as if they repurchased sarah 's granades . 
  another thing is , can he stop what he does n't see ? 
  would a smoke bomb/eliminating light prevent him from catching arrows . 
  yeah , autocorect got me with the grenades . 
  sarah used those small devices that released deafening sound out of them in few of the early s2 episodes . 
  similar idea to canary cry . 
  when i was thinking about the electric arrow i was thinking about it working a kin to a granades just shooting arcs at nearby targets to incapacitate them , arrow is just a method of delivery . 
  they could try preventing the telephone by using knockout gas i guess . 
  also his teleportation is so poorly written it is hard to know how it works . 
  is it from the idol , or is it something else ? 
  is it limited in anyway ? 
  since he seems to use it in very specific moments . 
  why would he put his driver and some it girl that barely had 5 minutes of screen time in one episode in the picture ? 
  nah , we still got ta fight eachother , because pvp m8 !, 
  but seriously , i would love if they stopped writing the forced horde v alliance conflict . 
  that is the thing about karen , she is not exactly written ( especially in s2 ) as a likeable character . 
  she is the nosey reporter type that ends up working for a paper at the end of the season . 
  her actions are in character for her , while felicity acts as if she had a split personality and for the past season the bitchy personality held control for about 90 % of the time . 
  seems to haunt the , both on big and small screen ... 
  yes , i am talking about you , guggenheim ... 
  calling it now , black canary dies for shock value !, 
  it seems they will fridge her some way with what is written in the synopsis . 
  brother from another mother , the guy 's mother raised abigail and him or something . 
  well ... at least this is the impression i have gotten from the episode . 
  people seem to dislike shows that take their time to build up their own story in first season/episodes . 
  for me , its worth the hassle since everything they have established so far starts to fall in it 's place . 
  plugins used :, 
  [ do i need a jacket ? 
  2.0 ( beta 2016-04-10 ) ] ( http://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/art/do-i-need-a-jacket-2-0-beta-2016-04-10-494721790 ), 
  [ fountain of colors . 
  ] ( http://alatsombath.deviantart.com/art/fountain-of-colors-desktop-music-visualizer-518894563 ), 
  [ elegant clock ] ( http://rainmeterhub.com/skins/elegant-clock/ ), 
  [ front image tutorial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4ijpdmwezg ), 
  [ wallpaper ] ( https://alpha.wallhaven.cc/wallpaper/245428 ), 
  hmm , ill have to look into this . 
  [ wip ] ( http://imgur.com/fjdwy0z ) i took your advice , never thought that making those would be so easy . 
  agreed , i took the launcher from [ skyrim rainmeter suite v2 ] ( http://axerron.deviantart.com/art/skyrim-rainmeter-suite-v2-283817269 ) and edited it a little , the result is [ this . 
  late , but i still could use some eu love . 
  sir twenty of the house goodmen, 
  i gave it months worth of minutes , god damn it !, 
  she should just be starling , not the canary because that would shit further on the `` og '' canary . 
   i can only imagine what is going to pull barry back from wherever he is now, 
  caitlyn of course , then he will realize that he was mistaken to pursue iris . 
  honestly ?
