  * cata - we all know how much thrall and garrosh was there . 
  * mop - thrall shows up in soo, 
  * wod - thrall acompanies us here and there , kills garrosh . 
  so what bugs me here is that , while thrall is a unpopular example id say every other major character should have similar degree of exposure along thrall . 
  for example :, 
  tyrion fordring was introduced in vanilla , he gave out a few quests , he was n't involved in tbc ( although argent dawn was at least involved in opening of the dark portal , since defending of azeroth was their job ) , then he comes back in wotlk and is a main character there . 
  for cata , tyrion and argent dawn should at least go after twillight 's hammer since that the foe they can combat , ashbringer is not good enough to take down deathwing . 
  so , thrall stays the main character , tyrion has some development as a secondary-ish character appearing in twilight highlands etc. 
  throughout early stages of the expansion . 
  for pandaria he would mostly stay outside of the panda continent , but come soo argent dawn kicks in since that is a major threath . 
  for wod the argent dawn is there to secure the red portal opening and maybe send a token force to assist us on draenor . 
  this is just example off the top of my head , there are clearly more characters that could just move on with each expansion to a greater ( main character ) or lesser ( one patch story arch appearance ) degree . 
  such characters as lorewalker cho , tharan zhu , lady liadrin , sylvanas , varian , anduin , velen , tyrande , shandriss feathermoon , jaina . 
  there is plenty space for development for every single one of them in each expansion , there are plenty zones and suplots each one of them could be a part of . 
  what do you mean by the ashbringer fiasco ? 
  did people dislike tirion getting it ? 
  to be honest , i wo n't belive in any promises until i see results . 
  for now it is good to stay sceptical . 
  i would love to know what interface is this !, 
  looks really neat . 
  is it available anywhere ? 
  or could you upload the config file , i would be greatfull . 
  sources , please ? 
  simply by pre-recording the matches that are n't played in the studio , like they do now with the most of the matches beside of the few most important ones . 
  daredevil !, 
  basically , they have their own talent tree . 
  you should go practice your blaming in a sandbox mode !, 
  is it on the same youtube stream as the last time ? 
  a link would be useful :p, 
  raid must choose one of three ways to kill sergaras , no real fight involved just running into beams that deletes your characters and rewrites lore for any further characters you create to either, 
  a ) you become a new titan entity to rule the world with iron fist squeezing any attempt of war . 
  b ) everyone gets changed in a demonic form , ensuring peace with the legion, 
  c ) legion gets destroyed along with draenei and the orcs and all the magic in the world/universe . 
  and then sunk by illidan in w3 tft again , at least partially . 
  then again , saurumar was meant to be a huge city , so the last we will visit may be like a 1/4 of a whole . 
  i can just imagine the rain of buzzwords !, 
  to add on top of the blurry action shots , this is the cause of movies being in around 24 fps . 
  still looks pretty good compared to league of legends . 
  i think they had different ( local ? ), 
  production team in msg , at least it seems like it . 
  just watch 3 first episodes of s3 and skip the rest , avoid the distaste . 
  i could flip it around and say it 's because pvp is a thing , if the factions were u item in some way ( not nessecarely fully ) pvp ers would go bagshot ashwell . 
  oh i know that feeling , i attend a festival each year with a friend and his girlfriend , this year his older , married cousin also came along and they kept dragging my to places as fifth wheel from time to time . 
  well at one point after they dragged me to a concert his cousin turns to me and says `` you should get yourself a girl . '', 
  to which i responded `` right , silly me , be right back , i 'll just harvest one off of a tree . 
  '' , long story short , we stood awkwardly dull for a moment until i decided to ditch them and go have fun in the mosh . 
  people make sculptures from turds !, 
  similliar stuff from poland , no visible ping jumps just a slight , clunky movement/delay overall . 
  yeah , i still mourn the day when she became a popular support pick . 
  playing vs her bottom is n't fun . 
  no spikes either !, 
  it 's easier to rush the horde base than the alliance one , due to alliance having the bridge which is easy to defend . 
  547 high hopes !, 
  ah yes . 
  the good old steady shot macro , the dps science at it 's finest . 
  i just hope it never comes back , although the wotlk mm rotation was quite enjoyable , at least compared to any other iteration . 
  `` the booths are toxic towards our competitive integrity which causes a lcs studio power creep . '', 
  i mean riot just want sc2 to happen all over again at this point . 
  fine , switch it over with jungle diversity . 
  the comedy thread is this way , buddy !, 
  fire safety integrity !, 
  i think they host it in korea , its called `` tsm bootcamp '', 
  that happened later , he means that med contacted gul to create the dark portal . 
  i was thinking of a parallel scenario with humans instead of orcs . 
  sergaras in medivh takes a harder rein and proceeds to use his authority to influence the kingdoms to unite against the high elves , similarly as orcs did against draenei , humans drink the blood . 
  maybe the trolls would be to humans like ogres to orcs . 
  after eastern kingdoms are dealt with , sergvih gets the fel humans to sail to kallimindor against the night elves . 
  he has a brief cameo in one of the novels , but as far as i remember it is easy to dismiss . 
  yup , that was pretty neat , i hope we will get a cop character later on . 
  shane didnt seem to be well informed , or he just simply didnt give too much insight . 
  i think that some trailers have shots of army/swat teams in la , so heres hoping . 
  i do not remember tittle , but it was the one where thrall was dealing with the aspects before hour of twilight ,, 
  to me it seems like a modernised spinoff/sequel . 
  because key lines are probably something akin to magnetic poles ( although they are more common ) in the world of warcraft . 
  when it comes to rhonin bit , the let lines may be weaker and harder to notice in the presence of the well . 
  i was afraid you will say that , perma and ds are not really friendly to perform that kind of operation . 
  do n't worry , it is ot forbidden and you still helped . 
  reminds me a game of old sonata in the jungle , i basically took a moment to explain the team how it was going to work , `` i wo n't gang , but ping for help and i 'll come heal you and refill your mana , so do not be afraid to trade , also watch my back because of counter ganks . '' . 
  long story short i won some games that way , the lane pressure was so silly that enemies either had to back early and lose a lot while my guys stayed healthy and i provided them with vision . 
  it is from gamescom reveal/presentation . 
  while i disagree on bm since right now it feels like it has a pretty neat reactionary rotation ( my subjective opinion ) i have to agree on mm , it 's pretty damn boring . 
  ok , i am not sure how serious the question is but i 'll just go ahead and give a serious answer . 
  the best example of demon hunter blindness is illidan getting his new eyes from sergaras in war of the ancients trilogy , those special eyes allow him to see energy in the world , so mana etc. 
  i would guess it is similar to netflix 's daredevil 's ` world on fire ' . 
  with that said we get to reading , since even daredevil can not read it is safe to assume demon hunters do n't see just mana but also all other kinds of energies , like magnetism . 
  now i am not a great science person but it would be a safe assumption that even ink generates some kind of energy field for a demon hunter to see and eventually read . 
  yeah the conflict is getting overrated at this point , as i always say , i blame the pvpers . 
  different rexxars , different storylines , the au one lives on a still living planet with animals to tame , while the mu one came from rapidly dying draenor . 
  weird , that never happened on my hunter . 
  the addon you are looking for is called nauticius . 
  kind of bingo since my teens , first about getting a gf then some family talk , sadly neither happened . 
  but one certain thing i am going to get is a vasectomy . 
  similar thing with me , i am stuck in silver one for five years . 
  in my case it seems more like ladder anxiety . 
  yeah , who does he think he is !? 
  did he even play league of legends !, 
  you make a valid point , it is something i noticed myself . 
  the `` erotic '' bit of the english language is something i look to improve on while writing this . 
  https://youtu.be/klx7qxgurmm it 's good for you, 
  that reminds me of mop where i had my paladin queuing as a retri healer , i did both most of the dps and healed them at the same time , lets just say the tank did n't like it , although no one dropped below 50 % and kept cursing at me for being in a dps spec , lets just say i got kicked after second to last boss ... people can be touchy these days .
