  i would n't say that league will `` die '' , i would just say that the game will `` normalize '' and will still have a plenty of people playing , it just wont be the top dog anymore . 
  if xfire would be around , league would just drop to the second or third place in the `` most played '' section . 
  its basically the same idea as with wow . 
  if riot wo n't mess up like blizzard did with wod , they will still have a plenty of players left , just not the most . 
  lvl 43 here , was almost 44 when the servers closed . 
  i have a lot of free time on my hands . 
  i still use them , just to a lesser extent , just in case if the lane gets to a standstill i get faster sightstone , extra pink . 
  i am desperately looking for clues here , but the way she asks zoom what is he up to with the look she gives him kind of gives me hope that she is not entirely evil . 
  how would it ? 
  assuming that the point of the crossover would be to prevent them . 
  the thing about my idea is that the event would help preserve * some * of the old laurel 's development while keeping her dead . 
  it still would n't be the fully old laurel . 
  it would be more like a broken mix of the two who would struggle with he 's identity and conflicting memories/feelings, 
  also i said this a plenty of times allready , but i will keep saying it anyway . 
  the people that complain about the price to gameplay ratio are people who play league of legends , a game that focuses mainly on one map in one game mode after spending hundreds of euros/dollars/other into the game , that still has them unlock new champions and power . 
  compared to overwatch having 12 maps and 3 game modes on release with guaranteed updates coming . 
  with every gameplay element available with the moment you start the game and even cosmetic items involved in gameplay progression instead of a way of ripping you off . 
  i just find their claims hypocrytical af . 
  unless you start early on in its life cycle you are guaranteed to be just running after a carrot that keeps getting further and further since a big chunk of the content will be blocked by a mix of `` progression '' and paywall . 
  when you buy overwatch , you just get the god damn game and play it . 
  basically , thats the idea i had . 
  as i said , the details would need someserious working out , but i believe that the consequences of the crossover could be minor in scope thanks to the ritual . 
  basically maybe some small continuity retcons if lot bit was involved , maybe some more meta humans here and there . 
  wolfenstein : the new order has a mission not directly on gibraltar but kind of close . 
  another 50 % for clothes and make-up for the smoaks . 
  i will get overwatch in late june at best since euro to pln makes it so damn expensive and i want to be sure i can afford my vocation plans . 
  thanks man , i may be lucky to be able to spend a bit of my tax return on it . 
  in hindsight taking a 3 months gig at telemarketing company during college last year can pay off . 
  [ cleaned it up and added a few details as a form of practice . 
  reboot arrow , and make guggenheim pay for it . 
  `` hey , we need you two to work for us off-books on something noone can affiliate shield with , you up ? '', 
  it is pretty good , surely better than arrow in general . 
  comparing it to flashs has no point since both of those shows are good in their own leagues . 
  maybe the time drive blowing up in his face made him a bit harder to detect . 
  why is there another woman in there !, 
  people shooting me as mercy and i get little to no help ? 
  * pulls out the gun . 
  * mercy is in a short stock these days . 
  her pistol feels comparable if not the same as d.va 's when out of the mech . 
  they literally have a tool to undo their fuckups given them on a god damn silver platter , take it damn it take it . 
  or at least replace the lead writers and the new guy will fix it . 
  way worse . 
  arguably it could be anyone , lance , diggle , thea , donna , he 'll even malcolm could work with some iterations to his story . 
  still socks that they chose who they chose . 
  i do n't give a damn who is oliver banging with , laurel should n't be killed because some deluded nutjobs saw her as a threat to their fanatic bullshit . 
  the thing is that guggenheim can write good episodes , he just needs competent showrunners to look after him . 
  even better , imagine if she was in central city doing da things when the particular , e accelerator went off , then she would come back unaware of the changes . 
  i had a few guys talking in the eu , too bad they spoke french and french only , quite annoying . 
  because if you want to go into intricacies of arrow as a specific example what happens could be called reverse ... 
  multiple strong female characters ( as was shown on the screen rather than repeatedly told ) were killed off on arrow . 
  amanda waller - a badass leader of a black ops org got executed offscreen . 
  shado - a badass fighter got killed in an execution , while you can argue her death actually worked paving the way for sara . 
  sara - badass assassin , anti-climatically killed in an `` ambush '' just as a cheap way to move the plot forward . 
  and later brought back for spinoff . 
  laurel - district attorney , beaten grief , addiction and trained to slowly become a badass . 
  got stabbed by an arrow , got to the hospital , told that she got stabilized and will live , died in a anti climatic seizure . 
  now lets talk about the living :, 
  felicity - reduced from an independent , quirky , fun character she was in seasons 1 and 2 . 
  now , she is just a love interest for oliver and whoever comes by in the future , which by the way hurt both her and oliver 's character by watering them both down to the relationship drama level . 
  thea - from troubled teenager to a trained fighter , turned into a constant damsel in distress thanks to her father 's plots , keeps getting stabbed or captured . 
  donna - a walking milf which just became the older version of felicity just so she can be attached to quentin lance . 
  so yeah , the fact that the shippers celebrate something like this is quite hypocritical if not bad altogether . 
  edit : all in all current living characters , aside from thea , seem to just promote an idea of toxic , controlling `` rich girl '' relationship . 
  agreed , but i would say that it hurt argus/suicide squad related side of arrow . 
  the show could stand fine without it . 
  the only time oliver was even close to calling her out on her shit . 
   they even both had a ` whose in the grave ' mystery, 
  probably because they planned their season ahead . 
   aos ' speedster barely even gets effects . 
  she is not a speedster , though she just slows/stops time around her for short periods . 
  like that guy in ginyu squad . 
  it is kind of different and the effect is appropriate . 
  also , when it comes to budged , aos seems to spend a lot on sets , they are filming all over the place . 
  people disliked it 's original seasons due to lack of patience . 
  simply put , shows like as need time to get rolling and build up everything . 
  many people do n't seem to understand it these days . 
  imagine if lost got aired in 2016 for the first time , people would complain and quit so hard because nothing gets immediately resolved . 
  ciiii !, 
  well , hopefully they will just stuff guggenheim into a closet when it comes to writing discussions , or even better , fire him and find a new showrunner for arrow . 
  this crossover has the potential to be their days of future past to retcon all the bullshit from arrow . 
  just make dahrk put laurel into the coma with the stab and the magic energy surrounding them during the stab makes the coma a bit `` bad '' for her and when she wakes up it could work as a catalyst to activate her meta genes . 
   teen black canary, 
  eh , i am not a big fan of self-petitioning . 
  he would look well as cable , but i would be worried as everything else . 
  according to the folks on twitter , this is not the terrible teenage canary , but it doesnt seem to be kc either . 
  let 's see if rito wo n't jeopardise this . 
  you 'd never know ... 
  nothing bad about syaing that . 
  mods should not be pay-to-get , donations and patreon are way to go . 
  as an example , i bought skyrim 2 years after its release just because of mods so i dont see how it does not bring the profit to the devs , since mods accessibility gets even more people interested in buying the game . 
  when a big mod gets hyped up for game x , be damn sure you get a sales spike . 
  i dont even want to know how many people kept buying warcraft 3/tft to play dota . 
  fuck that lady and fuck the parents . 
  i i had an adhd kid in my middle school class , thanks to that fucking spoiled piece of human trash me and probably a few other guys are left traumatized even in their adult life , i know i am . 
  that fucking piece of trash was just a straight up bully , that the school aothorities did nothing about `` because he had adhd '' . 
  here are few things he did :, 
  just a preface for the americans in here , all this happened in poland , middle schools here take 3 years between ages of 13 and 16 , its an absolutely fresh class compared to your elementary class . 
  smaller kid ( as in size ) tries to talk with somebody in the class ? 
  beat the fucker up . 
  complain to the teacher ?
