  and these anti-vaccinating people are just ok with not sending their children to school ? 
  they really are stupid . 
  really ? 
   and people would respond very badly to police enforced vaccination . 
  yeah , that 's why i say we should just tie child benefit to vaccination . 
  people generally swallow bitter pills easier if we honey them with some money , and maybe it wo n't build up as much resentment as the use of force would . 
  i am sure it wo n't be 100 % effective , but maybe it will have better results than the current policy . 
  yeah , the biggest problem here is that you restrain the freedom of a child for the craziness of the parents . 
  denying child benefit can already can screw up the life of a child if he/she lives in a poor family , taking away education too would mean that we sentence him/her to be poor and ignorant for ever . 
  if we are willing to go that far i would rather enforce vaccination with police , i think that would do smaller harm . 
  i am not sure any european country can legally withhold basic education from one of its citizens . 
  vaccination should be compulsory . 
  or at least those who do n't vaccinate their children should not get child benefit likewise to those who do n't send their children into school . 
  portugal worthless shit-rectangle confirmed . 
  dutch are beaten again by glorious uralic masterrace finn brother , and what 's the most important : hahahahahaha , romania we better than yuo , yuo are the stupid giblet gypsi we confirmed yuropean hahahahaha !, 
  we do take cakes to workplace/school on birthday/nameday , but we do n't really do the other stuff . 
  considering that said neighbours are italian i would n't be overly concerned . 
  i alway wanted to see a kiwi eating fondue . 
  labanc spotted . 
  ugocsa non coronat bitches !, 
  but you are a german !, 
  of course you would say that !, 
  meanwhile this honest and noble russian is just trying to unselfishly defend us poor eastern europeans from our own ignorance , so we can get back to our proper place , and flourish under the wise rule of tsar putin , who is definitely not trying to rebuild the former soviet empire , and even if he did , which he does n't , should we just remind everybody that russia today is totally not like the su ? 
  but seriously these people always make me shudder . 
  once i read in a russian newspaper , that the '56 hungarian revolution was nothing what hungarians wanted , actually it was instigated by evil american spies . 
  yeah because who in their right mind would want to rebel against the wise and fair rule of mother russia , right ? 
  lots of the immigrant victims are not criminals though . 
  it 's the weak the criminals prey on , the ( addmittedly few ) women and children . 
  they wo n't bother with other men who might strike back as long as there are other options . 
  so your inheritance is [ not just brass then ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/4ry4gl/serbia_and_the_yellow_metal_of_the_gods/ ), 
  thanks mate !, 
  will be an other campaign , when this ends ? 
  if yes , where do i sign up ? 
  yes , it was . 
  this sub is in dire need of pun police . 
  ( and jesus . ), 
  i thought it 's true for basically every eastern european country . 
  pff , by that time i might even look into the metholodogy . 
  do you really think i have five seconds to spare after every article i read ? 
  but seriously , this is a good idea i do n't know why did n't it occur to me before . 
  * some * higher education develops critical thinking in some regards . 
  e. g. gender studies seems to completely erase critical thinking . 
  normal education ( i mean stem ) develops our critical thinking in some regard , and we spot easier the bullshit when somebody ( politicians ) just babbles without mentioning numbers or arguments . 
  but when you read a statistical study how many times do you look into the methodology ? 
  because i almost never do ( who has that much free time ? 
  ) , consequently , if the statistics i read is bullshit as well , i wo n't know . 
  edit : also very often finding a few relevant study on the internet is the end of the argument for me . 
  i * trust * numbers , so often it does n't even occur to me to look into the methodology . 
   becuase people would have to spend so much time debating minute issues they could never work a full 8 hour day . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  people who like debating about politics spend an unhealthy amount of time on debating politics ( myself included ) , those who do n't care , will go on not caring . 
  i have lived in switzerland , and you can not imagine how much more apolitical the people are then in my country , where referenda are pretty rare . 
   small forums make sense but at some point the scale is just to larger for everyone to debate every issue and not have fundamental problems . 
  scale brings ... scale but you lose direct connection . 
  most of the referenda are held in local issues in switzerland . 
  in federal level they have around a dozen yearly . 
  i do n't see why would the us or the eu need more referenda then that on federal level . 
  most of the issues would stay at state/national level , just as they are handled now . 
  edit : however in bigger/frequented cities there are plenty of people who will speak german/english or both . 
  highly educated people are just as easily manipulated in my experiences . 
  the best example is how the whole british liberal elite thought in the '20s that the soviet union was heaven on earth . 
  that 's not a very good idea . 
  why should a professor of french literature , who speaks , say , seven languages , have a bigger say in allowing genetically manipulated crops , then the farmer , who has no education at all , but has firsthand experience with them and with the alternatives ? 
  if we are to weigh votes , those weights should change with every referendum depending on the subject , and determining those weights would be a very undemocratic process in itself , since these weights would be ( probably ) determined by committees , experts and random bureaucrats . 
   it seems that you are also following the misconception that people at large are smart . 
  not at all . 
  people in general are stupid . 
  i rather believe that those who think of themselves as an exception are usually not an exception at all . 
  i guess they just tried to keep the picture pretty . 
  if there is no line between two languages , you can just assume , that there would be the  = 71 type line . 
  it is a widespread misconception that educated and smart people on the long run make better political choices then stupid and uneducated ones . 
  just think of the 1920s when the british liberal elite was celebrating the soviet union and stalin with bestsellers . 
  or how other smart people enacted eugenics policies everywhere in europe around the same time . 
  why not ? 
  `` but we have always overcome these differences between our cultures in the end '' such as ? 
  most of our differences have been settled on the battlefield , even in the last century . 
  i would n't say we overcame them . 
  today we are much less prone to solve our problems with violence , that 's true , but the yugoslavian civil war and the recent war in ukraine has shown , that weapons still have their part in shaping the history of europe . 
  yes , catholics and protestants are unlikely to claw out each other 's eyes over religious differences in the near future , but some other ideological frontlines divide the population nowadays almost as badly , as denominations did , say , in the xviith century . 
  150 years of them was enough , if you ask me :d, 
  wegier polak dwa bratanki , as always . 
  yeah , i was ambiguous , unlike our date format . 
  i 'd rather be japanese or worst korean . 
  i meant the roman numbers . 
  that 's actually a widely used date format ( mostly in the far east ) . 
  i guess we adopted it for the sake of unambiguity . 
  well , gypsies come from india , as far as i am aware . 
  username checks out . 
  i am not sure i would call fidesz right-wing . 
  they call themselves right-wing alright , but most of their members are former communist mp-s , or the children of them , while the party itself started as liberal . 
  their rhetoric is also a weird mixture of conservativism and hardcore communism . 
  and the original conservative parties disappeared , and basically all of their former members left politics . 
  hungarian politics is today a battlefield between communists , who pretend to be conservatives , and communists , who pretend to be liberal . 
  a 100 m ^ 2 house would cost like 30-35 million huf in the capital , a 40 m ^ 2 apartment like 13-14 million huf . 
  meanwhile the median net income is 255k , or 3 million in a year . 
  other cities are much cheaper , but often the wages are even worse in comparison . 
  hungary though has outsandingly high renting taxes , which drives renting prices even more higher . 
  and rent is more crazy by us then in we . 
  the parisian [ median income ] ( http://www.averagesalarysurvey.com/paris-france ) is 2,75 k euros , while a 45 m ^ 2 flat can be rent for [ like 1,1 k euros ] ( https://www.expatistan.com/cost-of-living/paris ) .
