  i say , if somebody has these qualities , he/she is very unlikely to become a politician , because in the private sector you can make much more money , and you have much more rewarding career opportunities . 
  the other thing is , that even if politicians really are the most intelligent and well-educated people , [ they are not less likely to make bad political decisions ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2015/09/22/beware-systemic-change/ ) . 
  every government-form has its flaws . 
  in my opinion direct , or at least semi-direct democracy has the least serious ones , while having the biggest benefits . 
  if you do n't believe me look at switzerland . 
  i was n't referring to the american civil war , i was referring merely to the fact , that if people can hope to achieve their goal peacefully via referenda , they will think twice before they use violence . 
  no , representatives are there for us so they can decide the less important things . 
  the important decisions have to be made by the people themselves . 
  if you want to avoid civil wars , that is . 
   ~ ~ bullying ~ ~ liberating oppressed minorities ftfy you know mother russia is n't capable of hurting a fly !, 
  then the winged hussars arrived, 
  i think he was juts meme-ing . 
  my understanding was , that ethnic swede birthrate has risen as well , and of course the immigrants still have their higher fertility , so they contributed to the better average too . 
  i was looking for the article where i read this , but i could n't find it , so i might be mistaken . 
  swedes also succeeded raising birthrates with completely non-authoritarian methods in the last decades . 
  however , their fertility rate is still under 2.0 . 
  but still less then the poor . 
  at least in hungary . 
  maybe . 
  but it is also common knowledge that middle-class and rich families have less children on average then poor families . 
  that 's why i am sceptical that such policies will work . 
  but we will never know if we do n't try , so , sure , you are right , we should definitely try it . 
  however , we should have a backup plan . 
  yeah , it is not going to be comfortable . 
  i am also not looking forward to work till 70 , or possibly even till 75-80 . 
  but then again , life is a video game that sucks , no matter how good the graphics are . 
  promoting having more children is nice , but it does n't really work . 
  birthrates did increase in some european countries since the historical lowpoint in the nineties , but it 's just not enough . 
  well , maybe later we will find a method to encourage people to have enough children , but i am sceptical about it . 
  it might be a political suicide , it is inevitable though . 
  or do you have any suggestion how we should finance welfare states in the future , when the * entire world * is going to have a demographic problem ? 
  immigration will hardly be a solution * then * . 
  that 's how pyramid games work though . 
  you can postpone the ultimate failure of the welfare system , but you can not prevent it . 
  probably we are pushing it to our grandchildren right now , because around 2050 the global fertility rate will fall under 2.0 , if the current trend goes on . 
  when bismarck created the first state-founded pension system , the retirement age was 70 years , while life expectancy was around 50 . 
  i think the solution for the welfare-state problem will be sooner or later , that we adjust retirement age to life expectancy . 
  [ let 's do this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_bldpcml4op4/sgukxexh2si/aaaaaaaaa-e/8clqxvboyi8/s400/cherrydoll.jpg ) , shall we ? 
  never mind , scots ruined it anyway . 
  well , if you consider the embryo a human being , it is the logical consequence . 
  the embryo was not guilty in rape , so it can not be punished for it . 
  same if the mother is in danger - if you have two human lives , it is unethical to kill one in order to save the other . 
  that said , the women will probably get rid of their children anyway , even illegally . 
  and they have a higher chance for dying in the process , if it is not done by professionals . 
  so i think this law will achieve pretty much the opposite , then what it aimed for : instead of saving lives , it will just cause more people to die prematurely , like it happened in communist romania just a few decades ago . 
  so what will be your conditions then ? 
  and all that after they want give you that lovely peak as birthday-present ? 
  there really is no gratitude in mankind :(, 
  it can happen , yes . 
  however it is much less likely , that was my point , and it still stands . 
  also , a latvian invasion would mean a much smaller threat , since the two countries would be on par in terms of army strength , and manpower . 
  even if a russian invasion would be less likely ( which is not the case ) , it would be logical to fear it more , since it is much more dangerous . 
  i am pretty sure they will take up the gloves , should latvians decide it 's time to take some estonian potato . 
  but , somehow , i feel it is far less likely than russia invading them . 
  like , so much less likely that he did n't even felt the need to mention it . 
  if you have a volunteer only army , you have to provide a career-opportunity , which can compete with the careers offered by the civilian life . 
  otherwise it is mostly the ones , who failed in the civilian life , who will end up in the military . 
  sweden did n't fight a war , which affected the country since the time of napoleon , so i am assuming the prestige and payment are both pretty low for a military career . 
  so here you have two choice : you either pay your soldiers properly , and provide them with the opportunity to rise through the ranks according to their merits , or , you use conscripts . 
  and goulash from hungarian . 
  also shako . 
  everybody surprised , i hope . 
  edit : i think kimono actually comes from [ greek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl9whwwtk6i ) . 
  hold on son , you want me to believe , that there * was * a time , when portugal 's capital was not in brasilia ? 
  next time you will say they were your colony and not the other way around ... 
  i am deeply disappointed in swiss . 
  i like your optimism , and hope that your version will come true . 
  however i ca n't stop wondering who exactly would topple an eastern european government . 
  almost all the people who had will and fight in them , left for western europe ( at least that 's the case in hungary ) . 
  the most we can hope from the remaining ones that they will vote against the party which brings in migrants , however , if they start the process at the beginning of their term , they will have four years . 
  `` and that will be their political death . '', 
  for a while , yes . 
  but 1. , they wo n't care if they made enough money on the deal , and 2 . problems will not be solved by their successors , so the people will blame them more , and after some time they might even re-elect those , who brought in the migrants in the first place . 
  i am not saying it will definitely happen , but it would n't be unheard of . 
  people have really bad memory when it comes to politics . 
  would n't have recieved more , but i was talking about the future . 
  our politicians now do n't want to take refugees , because there is no business for them in it . 
  at the very moment , when the western politicians decide to pay up , and bribe them , they will be willing to take refugees by millions . 
  so one more reason why we , eastern europeans will be screwed at the end . 
  a true dane never lets slip a chance to smack those surstr\u00f6mming-lover swedish bastards , it seems . 
   and besides that , none of the north-african countries are stupid enough to think a deal like that does n't fuck them over . 
  implying the leaders of north-african countries are incorruptable . 
  everybody has their price , politicians especially . 
  bribe them , and you can set up your processing camps without problem . 
  that said , eastern europe is not an exception , so western politicians might not bother with setting up refugee camps overseas , they will probably just pay up when they had enough of refugees , and then all those brave , anti-migrationist politicians ( like orb\u00e1n ) will become the most tolerant , progressive beings overnight . 
  they will just simply not understand how somebody can oppose multiculturalism , and how one can not realise the enormous benefits of taking in refugees in millions . 
  and , yes , the politicians making these deals will lose elections sooner or later , but do you think they will really care ? 
  with the money they will make on these deals , they wo n't need to lift a finger in the rest of their lives . 
  also , since things will get worse after they are gone ( because there are problems which ca n't be solved ) , people will likely blame their successors more , and re-elect the the very politicians , who are responsible for their situation after only one or two terms . 
   and if you live here , noticing the tendency in people to resort to such ideas probably did n't escape you either . 
  i am still not buying into this `` hungarians are xenophobic savages '' . 
  true , there is a very loud minority of retards , but idiots are everywhere . 
  most people just would like reasonable policies for immigration and handling refugees in the eu , like the ones in power in australia , canada , or in the us . 
  you do realise that you just made a generalization , which is just as stupid as the ones our favourite viktor tries to force down our throat , right ? 
  well , not really . 
  i mean most blacks do n't get free government money , so they either have to work , or become a criminal . 
  our gypsies usually get free monay * and * they are engaged in criminal activities . 
  and consider this : while our police force is constantly discouraged from taking action against gypsies , while they are also notoriously underfinanced , ` murican cops really can take their gloves off . 
  ok , here and there they make a big mistake , shoot somebody they really should n't , and the media makes a big thing out of it . 
  but we here , in eastern-europe are the other extreme : criminals , especially gypsy criminals have absolutely no respect for the police .
