  since then we somewhat adapted to the western world , but thanks to the incompetency , and nowadays even destructive malignancy of our all-time governments , the country is not even in near where it should be . 
  since we failed to protect our industry , and most of it is dead anyway now , we should rely now fully on free trade and increase economic freedom , to attract capital \u00e1 la singapoore or hong kong . 
  also we should combat corruption like romania does , but instead of that orb\u00e1n and his state-maffia just turns the country into an oligarchic , closed , corruption-tormented three world shithole , while everyone who has competitive knowledge emigrates . 
  they can protect their inner markets with customs , and form customs union with some of the commonwealth nations again . 
  they will not be in as good position as they were before their eu membership , but still they could benefit from leaving the eu . 
  also , while i am sure they would lose a lot of trade they would still be a major financial center of the world . 
  in short : when britain became eu-member it had to give up its traditional markets ( commonwealth countries ) , and the new markets she gained access to were much more competitive , and the higher price level in the uk is a big disadvantage for british companies . 
  also while germany and france gives a shitload of money to improve other eu countries , the public procurements in these countries are won by german or french companies in a lot of the cases , which means that a part of the money goes back to france and germany , and they even increased their share on the market . 
  british companies meanwhile are not often realize big public projects in these peripherical countries . 
  if the uk would n't be an eu-member she could protect her inner markets from the more competitive continental companies , so the british companies could compete with them on par . 
  also , since they would be still a very attractive place to live they could continue the brain-draining of the eu countries , but they did n't have to let in people who just want to live off the social benefits . 
  now , i am not 100 % sure that they will be better off if they live . 
  most of the damage has already been done , they will never regain their lost share in the commonwealth markets , and their industry will be still much weaker then it was before they entered the eu . 
  but if i would be british , i would give it a try that 's all i am saying . 
  price level is 20 % lower in germany , while the infrastructure is at least that good as in the uk , also the population is known to have good work ethics and qualification . 
  so if you wanted to produce cars , where would you invest ? 
  of course you would do it in germany . 
  if you look at the car production data in 1970 and 1980 for germany and uk respectively , you see , that the british production has fallen 35 % in just ten years , while the german increased even if slightly . 
  of course , the oil crisis hit the the car industry hard , but the german companies seemingly increased their share of the market by a big chunk . 
  also with the eu-membership britain had to give up her traditional markets like australia , new zeeland , canada . 
  sure they gained access to bigger markets , but also these markets were much more competitive , and because of the high price level british companies started with a big disadvantage in this competition . 
  but ... but ... sane immigration policies are racist , and only fascist dictatorships use them like australia , the usa and japan . 
  in earnest i can understand why uk wants to leave eu , and if i would be british , i would probably vote for it . 
  while for germany and ( more or less ) for france the eu is clearly a profitable partnership , for britain it has also great disadvanteges , and it is not so clear for me that she would be worse off alone . 
  `` they are doing nothing that would even remotely aim in this direction . '', 
  sealing the borders and taking the valuable possessions of the refugees is a good start . 
  `` wo n't happen . '', 
  we will see wo n't we ? 
  `` i think you fail to understand the realities of the political system here . 
  it wo n't happen , no matter what you think . 
  i can assure you that the principle of not deporting into war areas will not be touched . '', 
  i think you fail to understand how human societies work . 
  if the political system ca n't be adjusted to the needs of the people , it will collapse , or it will be overturned . 
  you assume that the current german constitution , or rather the german state in its current form will last for ever . 
  but nothing lasts for ever . 
  whatever . 
  as i said this argument is quite pointless . 
  who cares what the politicians say ? 
  you better look at what they do . 
  from the `` we will never turn down anybody in need '' we got in some months to `` seal the borders '' , even if the rhetoric stayed the same . 
  politicians are slimy , spineless creatures , and in no era or country had they a problem with breaking their promises . 
  i do n't give one year , and they are going to shoot at the refugees . 
  of course they will find a scapegoat to take the blame , and they will be exremely sorry that it came to this . 
  edit : and do n't you worry , realpolitik always overrides morality . 
  be assured , if there will be a serious pressure on your politicians to change your constitution they will find a way . 
  or they do n't change it just act against it , which is clearly the worse option in my opinion . 
  legitimity is very precious thing , and once it starts eroding ( like in my country ) it is very hard to recover . 
  i think we should and we will , but it is quite pointless to argue about that , since none of us will convince the other . 
  `` it might sound idealistic '' it 's not idealistic , it is the current legislation as you pointed out . 
  now , if the need arises and we change the law , that 's fine , but till then we have to follow our own rules . 
  not enforcing our own laws was what got us in the current crisis in the first place . 
  yeah , in that you are right . 
  well , if they do n't want to go back to syria , they might fucking follow the social norms , and stop demanding that we adapt to them . 
  i am living currently in switzerland , and strangely , i could somehow manage not to be offended from every local custom which differs from my own culture . 
  but you are right since i am catholic and i live in a reformed canton , from now on i will just demand every day that swiss cross themselves and pray the catholic version of the apostles ' creed . 
  yeah i know , it 's if you want to do it properly , do it in a cellar . 
  i knew it !, 
  i think he was . 
  at least according to his comment history . 
  but having children is supported , if you give tax allowance for it . 
  i have a politically totally correct solution . 
  do not give money for children at all just tax allowance . 
  they like children . 
  they are extremely bad parents mostly , but they do like their children regardless . 
  if there are only a few thousand of them , it 's no wonder they are well integrated . 
  on the other hand when they make up 5 % of the population you can not really stop them forming parallel societies . 
  your german friends are right , you * should * get all the insurances for the case you end up causing accident/damage . 
  is it unlikely ? 
  yes . 
  but the best driver also can have a bad day , and a clever man , while hopes for the best , prepares for the worst . 
  `` i 've been told that if i do n't have that insurance and somebody jumps in front of my bike , i would have to personally pay for their stupidity . '', 
  no , if the accident was his fault , his insurance will pay for your possible bicycle damages . 
  it 's ok as long as we are better then romanians . 
  now they are going to pay for their [ mockery ] ( http://i.imgur.com/njvu6py.png ) !, 
  culturally , i would say , we are closer to them . 
  linguistically we are completely different , that 's true . 
  from some hungarians . 
  actually kossuth lajos was the first , who came up with the idea of reforming the empire to a confederation . 
  donau confederacy is a far greater name . 
  hungary ca n't stay out from anglo-bashing : brit bachelor parties have a really bad reputation in budapest . 
  so they can not adopt together , but they still can do it as any single person would be able to do it . 
  the law you linked does not forbid adopting children for common-law married couples , so stop claiming it . 
  they just do n't have the advantage in the process over single adopters like married couples do . 
  yeah , i realised [ that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4as5az/homosexuality_still_seen_as_a_disease_in_parts_of/d13egjs?context=3 ) in the meantime . 
  still , that 's mostly a bureaucratic inconvenience , they can still adopt children all the same , but just one of them will become parent of the child . 
  edit : so that statement : `` same-sex couples in a registered partnership can not adopt in hungary at all '' is not true . 
  in an ideal adoption system individual factors are also included . 
  we should just quantify everything , give points based on demographics of the possible adopters in question , and also give points for their personal merits , and the one who has the most points takes the kid . 
  but since ( unfortunately ) that 's not how it works , let 's not be so eager to make changes in the regulation , which might prove to be disadvantageous . 
  `` if you want to prioritize opposite sex couples until there 's more data that 'd make some sense . '', 
  well , that was my bloody point , was n't it ? 
  i suspect you did n't read my earlier comments . 
  as i wrote : `` right now , afaik there is only one legal difference between marriage and common-law marriage ( at least in hungary ) , that married couples get priority at adoption . '', 
  `` which you will , conveniently , never get without at least moderate adoption rates . '', 
  the point of legalising same sex marriages in the us was to help same-sex couples in adoption processes , at least afaik . 
  so we should get a plenty of data in the coming years/decades . 
  `` at least launch a pilot program '' us just did , some other countries did it earlier , let 's wait out the results . 
  because it 's the children 's best interest ? 
  in an ideal adoption-system you would have all these factors which you mentioned , included , and then choose the best possible one . 
  well , now i did my research , and it is not exactly as i thought : even though they can adopt children , legally only one of them is going to be considered as a guardian/parent .
