  he was even there in n\u00fcrnberg on the trial , and he was not found guilty , so maybe you could just stop calling him fascist ? 
   still celebrated today as heroes or great writers , etc. 
  you 'll realize it would have been wiser to keep quiet . 
  yeah , like , could you give then some examples ? 
   besides , precisely to please the hungarian minority in romania ( around 17-18 % in transylvania , 5-6 % overall ) , some statues or streets names of various hungarian war criminals were allowed . 
  some of these figures killed romanians . 
  ok , so fyi killing romanians does n't mean that they are all automatically war criminals , since you know , we have been fighting on the opposing sides in a few wars lately . 
  killing civilians and/or pows is what makes you a war criminal , and i really-really doubt any such person has statue or street named after him/her in transylvania . 
  edit : unless they killed hungarian civilians or pows , see avram iancu . 
  let 's not forget about the terrible orthography . 
  the word dictatorship itself comes from an institution which was used for the good of the public , and very often in that . 
  i think the romans very much nailed it , when they created the institution of dictatorship . 
  yes , sometimes a need arises to set aside the carefully built system of checks and balances , there are times when there is no time for long debates , finding compromises , but rash action is needed . 
  but such power inevitably corrupts . 
  and rather sooner than later . 
  so a benevolent dictatorship can exist , but it necessarily must be short . 
  well , we do have those too . 
  the szekler is before court for murder . 
  the judge asks : `` so what happened \u00c1bel ? '', 
  `` well , your honour , i was eating banana , threw away the clip of it , and then came the romanian . 
  and then he slipped on the banana clip , right into my knife . 
  and then six more times . '', 
   transylvania as romanian territory from about 200bc to 900ad \u00c1bel and jani are walking on the street in kolozsv\u00e1r , when a romanian comes by running . 
  he asks out of breath : `` where is the train station ? '', 
  \u00c1bel and jani just shrug , and then the romanian just runs away . 
  they walk for a little while then jani asks : `` why did n't we tell him actually ? '', 
  `` why should we ? 
  they have been here for two thousand years , they had the time to figure out where the train station was . '', 
  russia of all countries had a period when no executions were made ( i am not sure if it was also outlawed , probably not ) , under the reign of elizabeth i ( 1741-1762 ) . 
  this was her personal decision though . 
   sell the foreskin wtf, 
   drowning your children i have never seen a christening which actually involved plunging the baby into the water ( and i have seen quite a few 20 + i 'd say ) . 
  they just pour some water on the forehead , and that 's it . 
  i am catholic , so it might be that other denominations still actually put the baby into the water . 
  also eating our savior 's flesh is our thing , e. g. reformed churches take it as a metaphor . 
  one would think a lot of young southern italians will move north to work though . 
  why is northern italy worse off , then south ? 
  is n't the north the more industrialised , and richer part anymore ? 
   that 's debatable , i 'm sure homosexuals are n't as at ease as heteros are just for being , well , straight . 
  [ gays are still more comfortable in germany then in france or in the us ] ( https://www.planetromeo.com/en/care/gay-happiness-index/ ) , never mind both countries have legalised same sex marriage . 
  i think same sex marriage is a fairly unimportant question even to most gay people , since civil unions grant basically the same rights . 
  this `` issue '' is about semantics , and most gays recognise that . 
  [ uk 's on the case . 
  that 's kind of sad . 
  i somehow always assumed you were doing better then us , but i guess the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  so the same as in hungary . 
  i am a little surprised , you were kind of a role model for us , like i heard a lot of hungarians saying how croatians built up their economy despite the devastation caused by the war . 
  your subways were especially a subject of awe , that you managed to build them so fast , even through mountains , and even cheaper than us due you eradicating corruption from business-life . 
  sad to see that this impression was wrong :(, 
  poland let in a shitload of ukrainian refugees/migrants . 
  how comes croatia going down that hard ? 
  they are certainly not worse off then us , and they even have a sea . 
  b\u00fa\u00fa . 
   given name . 
  nice try you sorosb\u00e9renc , but christian name it is , i ai n't buy none of that secular [ sino-jewish ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oo1rnj0.png ) bullshit . 
   please try to keep the color-line in turning . 
  i have never heard that expression , and google failed to explain it me . 
  can you explain me the meaning of this sentence ? 
  ( genuine question . ), 
  edit : do i really have to put out that / s for the first part ? 
  ferenc is his christian name . 
  i did n't say individuals necessarily make difference for the better . 
  if a bullet killed napoleon at marengo , it is doubtful that anyone else would have had the charisma , skill and luck to turn france into a dictatorship . 
  however there * are * people in hungarian history as well , who turned history in 180 degree , and made a difference for the better . 
  the most prime example is charles i. 
  while he did have societal forces aiding him , none of his direct predecessors were able to organise those forces , and they all failed miserably while pushing the country one step closer to the total anarchy and disintegration . 
  charles inherited nothing but wars , conflict and chaos , and he left to his son a prosperous and pacified realm . 
  i disagree . 
  history is not just the sum of societal forces , individuals often have an immense influence on the flow of history . 
  ridiculous !, 
   former atheist triggered !, 
  but i guess we had it coming . 
  bloody commies ruining everything . 
  of course there is . 
  you cross * yourselves in the wrong way . 
   fun fact : hungary was first introduced to the eastern church but thank god and stephen i. we got rid of the orthodox yoke . 
  then , a few hundred years later romanians and serbs came in :(, 
  orthodox propaganda . 
  your low character is the subject of greek plays . 
  2/10 not enough border gore . 
  it 's voltaire 's nightmare what i signed up for !, 
  no worries . 
  it is a joke ... 
  it 's originally with jews , but i thought it would sit well with muslims too . 
  and where do you get the idea that i want to decide if you are irish or not ? 
   muslim too  irish flair but are you a protestant , or a catholic muslim ? 
  the thing is , according to polls the majority of the population wants to be in the eu . 
  like 70 % or so . 
  even a lot of fidesz-voters . 
   so are we germans now ? 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/43r33j/the_great_german_family_iii_a_place_under_the_sun/ ), 
  and then we could build a fort-system in the south , and remove kebab just like good ol' times . 
  or maybe even iceland !, 
  challenge accepted . 
  at this point , after years of pouring funds into football with less then meagre results , i think we should just give up , ditch the national team , and spend the money on sports we are actually good at . 
  well , the habsburgs built one of the largest empires in the world with marriages . 
  then again , you could argue they were of swiss origin . 
  humans are complex beings , and the same circumstance can have the opposite effect on different people . 
  i just wanted to point out that .
