  that means , that an average pariser will spend around 33-35 % of his/her income on housing . 
  in budapest the median income is [ 255k huf ] ( http://index.hu/gazdasag/2013/12/07/a_tobbseg_a_225_ezres_atlag_alatt_keres/ ) , and housing on average costs [ 2809 huf/m ^ 2 / month ] ( http://alberlet.origoingatlan.hu/alberlet-atlagar-szamitas.html ) . 
  that means , an average budapest inhabitant would spend 49 % of his/her income to get a 45 m ^ 2 flat . 
  and paris is already expensive compared to berlin or m\u00fcnchen , where you would only spend like 8-20 % of your net income on housing . 
  ah ok , i get it . 
  they did n't really sell it . 
  they never mentioned it in their campaign . 
  yes . 
  it was progressive tax before , i think it got changed in 2011 or ' 12 . 
  buying your own property in hungary is somewhat easier compared to western europe , but it is basically the only viable way . 
  renting a flat or a house will cost you an arm and a leg in any city . 
  so you either start your life with a crippling bank loan , and buy a house which makes you pretty immobile as well , or you pay 30 % or even more of your net salary to rent a place . 
  what a great choice to have . 
  a lot of us just do n't tell the authorities that we left for abroad , ( that 's why we only have estimates ) and also , as you said , hungarians who were born in the neighbouring countries are constantly moving to hungary . 
  you are right though , that 5 % is the upper end of the estimates , i do n't know either where i read the 8 % , and after i googled it it really seems an unlikely number . 
  it was not that bad in hungary before 2010 . 
  the rampant corruption of our current government , their questionable methods regulating business life , and their hundred-thousand made up little taxes started a real emigration wave , it is estimated that 5-8 % of the population left in the last 6 years . 
  edit : it seems i was wrong , it is rather 3-5 % . 
  `` why work hard and build your country '' hard work is not the problem , we do n't lack it if we go abroad either . 
  i think most of us would n't leave , if the taxes were n't so evil . 
  the flat income tax made the country somewhat better for the ( non-existent ) middle class , but the accounts of workers and little businesses are sucked dry by our world-champion vat and hundred-thousand little extra taxes . 
  it also does n't help , that the rules regulating business life are overly complex and constantly changing , and if you only break one made-up bullshit decree , the state will skin you alive ( unless you are somebody 's cousin/friend of course ) . 
  edit : just out of curiosity , do you live in hungary currently ? 
   and how bavarians are sometimes already called ` ausl\u00e4nder ' ~ ~ in the rest of germany ~ ~ prussia and we will be set . 
  ftfy, 
  ok , that makes sense . 
  i thought too many russians were living there for your taste . 
  if you want to remove danes , your man is called alfred the great . 
   cyprus  too many russians care to elaborate ? 
  well written indeed . 
  if i myself may say so . 
  technically , that map is far from correct , that is , if we use the merriem-webster definition of the word invasion ( `` incursion of an army for conquest or plunder '' ) . 
  as i said , like half of the countries ( or their forerunners ) on that map were not invaded by the united kingdom ( or by it 's forerunners ) in that sense of the word . 
  edit : then again , if british want to think themselves that badass , who am i to stop them ? 
   every occupation will eventually end . 
  if history could teach us anything , that would be the main lesson . 
  byzantium will be delighted to hear that . 
  i can only think of the napolenic wars . 
  i personally think this is a cheesy way to score that one , since the british army did not march over swiss soil , and they were a client state anyway , not a primary participant of the war . 
  edit : but then again , if we take switzerland from the list , we have to take down like half of the other countries too , so i guess we should just let the matter rest , that is , if we want to keep that pretty map . 
  edit2 : also , even if the british army would have reached swiss territory , the swiss may actually have preferred the word `` liberation '' in this case as opposed to `` invasion '' :d, 
   but who inhabited those lands before the hungarians , who were the majority of the population for 1000 years of no written history ? 
  mostly slavs also few a avars . 
   how could hungarians displace a population without any trace of it how could we displace them from central hungary ? 
  slavs inhabited the great basin before us , not a trace was left from them shortly after we took the carpathian basin . 
   and then romanians , a non catholic population displace the hungarians . 
  romanians did n't displace anybody ( at least not until the xxth century ) , the wars with the ottomans did . 
  also , how could be the romanians , who lived here be orthodox , if they lived here since the beginning of time ? 
  the first few kings ( especially istv\u00e1n and l\u00e1szl\u00f3 ) very pretty firm , that the country should be catholic , and they were n't exactly shy about it . 
  people were quartered or buried alive for less then refusing the authority of the king in religious matters those days . 
   and this happened without massive wars , without being registered in chronicles . 
  the hungarian conquest of the carpathian basin * is * registered in chronicles , and from what we know , it seems pretty brutal . 
  also , before we came , the area was n't a very peaceful one either : wars between bulgars , slavs , and franks ravaged the land . 
   as you said , the turks decimated the central hungary , but majority of transilvania was untouched . 
  wew lad , that 's a wild exaggeration you have there . 
  if anything , the 15 years war was * more * brutal for transylvania then for central hungary . 
  there was only one year when the main ottoman army fought in transylvania , that 's true , but smaller contingents came at every campaign , especially crimean tatars , and we all know how well those guy can ravaging get done . 
  add to this three civil wars , the three years while basta ruled the land , and the picture you get is everything but pretty . 
   how do you explain this to yourself ? 
  see above . 
   i know there are little written records , but still , from a logical perspective , what happened to the pre-hungarian population , there is no trace of it in transilvania . 
  and there is no trace of it in central hungary either . 
  from logical perspective , genocide happened to them , so thank god there are precious few written records of it , we have a bad enough pr already . 
   unless maybe the pre-hungarian population was mostly pre-romanians as we call them ? 
  look , i do n't really know the perspective of hungarian historians , but i do know georg ostrogorsky , the most creditable byzantinologist ever was firmly the opinion that romanians are the descendants of the romanised population of the balkans , who migrated north from the current albania . 
   now , from our perspective , the remote villages in the transilvanian mountains speak the romanian language with most latin remnants , compared to any other region . 
  this kind of supports the continuation of the roman era civilization . 
  mate , if anything , that supports the idea that romanians * were n't * always living in transylvania . 
  dacia was a roman province for less then two hundred years , a sizeable portion of its romanised population was even evacuated when romans left the province to its fate . 
  if we follow your logic , and assume that there would be any correlation between how romanised a province once have been , and how much the local language resembles latin , we must conclude , that pannonia and britannia should speak a more clear variant of vulgar latin , not to mention the frogs , the spanish or the italians . 
   also , even the hungarian era cities are built on top of roman ruins . 
  just like english or croatian cities . 
  your point being ? 
   you will find roman ruins in the center of most cities . 
  this surely means a continuation from roman times . 
  ah , i found your point . 
  again , if we follow your logic , and roman remnants are a proof of continuation , budapest should be also inhabited by romanians , since we have sizeable roman ruins in the city . 
  same for london , dubrovnik etc. 
   if it were for the roman era population to survive somehow , it would surely do so in remote and protected regions in the mountains , like transilvania , not moldova and valachia , which are mostly steppes and hills . 
  the biggest part of moldova was never a roman province , so there could be hardly any roman descendants left there , they had to immigrate on that we agree . 
  but as i have to say again , transylvania is the less likely place of all the provinces of the empire , where a population of roman descendants could live through the last fifteenhundred years undisturbed . 
  like i said , it was already evacuated way before the fall of the empire , and roman rule was never very firm or uncontested here anyway . 
   who inhabited the lands between the romans and the hungarians ? 
  mostly slavs , but also huns , avars and bulgars . 
  bulgars were even slavicized ( not romanised , mind you ) somewhere between their current and original home , that surely is a decent proof for slav being the prevalent element of the area , do n't you agree ? 
   i am not saying that the roman-dacian theory is perfect , but tbh it makes most sense given the little evidence we have , probably we would have had more if it was n't for so many invasions . 
  well , you see , the thing is , that the roman continuation theory is * weakened * and not * strengthened * by the turbulent history of transylvania , and the lack of written evidence . 
  edit : typos i found . 
  some still might have been left . 
  the franks were a german tribe , so it 's rather the other way around . 
  they would have not mind the taxes though , if they got representation in the parliament . 
  let 's be honest : ethnic cleansing and slavery are not nice things , but they are totally acceptable tools when the alternative is border gore . 
  hungarian is like the easiest language ever . 
  i was already speaking it perfectly when i was two !, 
   i think it would have been a bigger disaster if bernie were to run against trump . 
  that could be actually true . 
  contrary the widespread misconception trump made the biggest gains [ among minorities , and not among whites ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2016/11/16/you-are-still-crying-wolf/ ) . 
  and this while hillary was presented as the minorities ' candidate , so it is possible that bernie would have done even worse among them . 
  the landscape is undeniably nicer . 
  til estonia is not in europe .
