  the kind of people both we and romanians hate more then each other . 
  `` the last major success that hungarians could point back to in the 19th century was the conquest of the carpathian basin a 1000 years earlier '' that 's quite depressing way to look at it . 
  as a matter of fact we were quite a successful country before ottos came along . 
  the mongolian conquest was harsh , yes , but it was short , and we recovered from that . 
  which means you dance around a giant dick , and pray to a goat , if i am informed correctly . 
  bloody hell , greece , what is your secret ? 
  a lot hungarians * are * crossing the border to work . 
  we have a great demand of skilled workers , according to the central statistics office , there are half million unfilled workplaces in the country . 
  and they will be bitterly disappointed , just like our fidesz-voters . 
  the main problem in hungary is though , that even disappointed , a lot of them keep voting for orb\u00e1n and his branch , because for them , he is still the lesser evil . 
  hopefully in poland people will make a better decision . 
  hungary is not fucked utterly . 
  our political elite is . 
  guess it 's the same with you . 
  nothing new there either . 
  remember when they lost the election in 2002 and they said `` the motherland can not be in opposition '' ? 
  they always try to claim that they are the true and only patriots , but in reality ? 
  bunch of bloody wankers , that 's what they are . 
   you understand that the 13 % who do n't agree with it are pretty much the 13 % who practice it , so this is pretty much a scenario of a tyranny of the majority forcing their view on the minority ? 
  how is that tyranny ? 
  i mean , they are not banning circumcision altogether , they are banning to do it on children , who can not consent . 
  when these children have grown up , they are most welcome to make their own decision in this question . 
  honestly , i am not surprised . 
  orb\u00e1n and his friends are whiny little bitches , who ca n't stand even the slightest criticism . 
  a bunch of crybabies , who run to mommy , whenever somebody said something mean about them . 
  there was a reason why he was called `` the ogre '' . 
  he really did some awesome stuff , but he also throw the continent into a decade of war , chaos and destruction . 
  alone for the iberian peninsula , napoleon 's imperial ambitions cost around 800 000 lives , and a lot of them were civilians , who suffered outrageous atrocities from the french army . 
  indivisibiliter ac inseparabiliter , bitches !, 
  edit : also , you surely have been talking about the king . 
  our average is that low because everybody who actually spoke languages already left . 
  or at least that is what i tell myself . 
  there is no such thing as too much pepper . 
  hmm , i am pretty sure the numbers have been changed since then . 
  selective waste was not a thing back in 2013 in budapest . 
  if i remember correctly we got selective dumpsters for every household that year , in the fall , maybe ? 
   it 's telling that most of the responses telling me that i 'm wrong come from people who live in some of the few countries in europe which still cherish having tools that kill people ( norway , croatia and the initial swiss op ) . 
  and what is the fact telling , that the [ homicide rates of these countries are among the lowest in the world ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) teach people to respect their guns and to use them with caution , and you wo n't have problems with them . 
  what would that be ? 
  it is a very good advice , and the swiss took it to their heart . 
  they bother with military not because they think they could win against the french or the germans , but because they want to deter them from even trying . 
  invading switzerland is a logistical nightmare in itself , but if they put up a fierce resistance , while blowing up their bridges , tunnels and highways as planned , they can bleed an invading army dry . 
  it would be like afghanistan , but this time fighting against an army equipped with modern weaponry . 
  this coupled with the facts that a peaceful switzerland is benefitting its potential invaders , while they would rather destroy their own infrastructure then let the enemy use it , ensured that they could remain neutral in the two world wars , and i do n't see why would n't this work for them in the future . 
  the problem is , that only rich and big countries can rely safely on a volunteer army . 
  a small country what other way could field an army which is big enough to deter , or at least make costly the attack of a big country ? 
  e. g. the budget of swiss armed forces is 4,53 billion chf . 
  that would be enough to roughly pay the swiss median income to 120 000 soldiers ( given that there were that many volunteers ) , and they have n't spent a franc on hardware yet . 
  instead of that they rely on conscription , and they currently field a roughly 150k army , which is decently armed , and also their reservists have some hardware ready for them , should the french invade . 
  and this is switzerland , one of the richest countries , most equal-sized countries could/can field an even smaller army if they do n't rely on conscription . 
  on the moral side of the question : if the bergengotsians conquer my homeland , i can not expect them to ensure the individual freedom of my fellow citizens . 
  in fact , given the countless historical examples of such conquests , i can expect them to suppress and exploit my fellow citizens , if not outright enslave or massacre them . 
  so the lesser evil here is to violate the individual freedoms of citizens , and thereby create the armed forces which are hopefully able to deter those pesky bergengotsians . 
  `` women have always been the primary victims of war . 
  women lose their husbands , their fathers , their sons in combat . '', 
  this was said by none other then hillary clinton herself . 
  well , do n't they ? 
  common mistake . 
  slovaks are already richer then us , and care about it less and less . 
  i have noticed that the richer a people are the more practical their point of view in such questions becomes . 
  in ten years or so they might even care so less , that they start handling hungarians in their country with decency ( given there will be hungarians there still , which seems rather dubious knowing our birth - , and emigration rates ) . 
  obligatory `` what was the last thing the terminator heard ? '', 
  - joke . 
  ( edit : `` gazsi , this thing is made of metal ! '', 
  is the answer for those of you , who have not heard the joke yet . ), 
  no , it gives +5 % manpower recovery . 
  trading in ivory is what gives dip rep. 
  not that visegr\u00e1d :d, 
  russia and ottos will have to eat a quite hefty tech penalty though . 
  it was such a great idea , so poorly implemented ... 
  if nothing else at least our exchange programs could be still saved and remade . 
  maybe he is flying . 
  then he never gets home . 
  no way !, 
  [ hungary winer-schnitzel masterrace 4ever !, 
  we do have hungarian names for the months , but since the official language of the country was latin for almost a millenia , the latin versions were used in script , and by the nobles , who mostly spoke better latin then hungarian . 
  so in the end the common folk adopted it too . 
  we do have hungarian names for the months , but since the official language of the country was latin for almost a millenia , the latin versions were used in script , and by the nobles , who mostly spoke better latin then hungarian . 
  so in the end the common folk adopted it too . 
  we do have hungarian names for the months , but since the official language of the country was latin for almost a millenia , the latin versions were used in script , and by the nobles , who mostly spoke better latin then hungarian . 
  so in the end the common folk adopted it too . 
  it 's a big plus for sure . 
   first of all , the violence was first started by the hungarian revolutionaries  attacked romanian population and killed people starting with may 1848 the romanians who were shot in the summer ( where did you get may from ? 
  could you please provide a source ? ), 
  were not shot because they were romanians , but because they were insubordinate , and resisted to conscription . 
  regardless of ethnicity many people were executed those days for insubordination or treason , not just in transylvania , but everywhere in the country . 
  most famous is probably zichy \u00d6d\u00f6n , fullblood hungarian aristocrat , which did n't save him from the rope nevertheless . 
  also , can we just stop call the legal government of the king revolutionaries ? 
  the honv\u00e9ds\u00e9g that time was the legal army of the kingdom of hungary , the april laws signed by the king assured this . 
  while their actions may have been unjust , they were certainly legal , and those who objected them deserve the `` rebellious '' or `` revolutionary '' label , not them . 
   who wanted for transylvania to be annexed by hungary  romanians and saxons were against any union with hungary the act of union has been approved by the hungarian parliament on the 7th of april , has been signed by the king on 11th april , and has been approved by the transylvanian parliament on may 30th , which was signed again by the king on 10th of june . 
  there was no need to annex anything , since the act of union happened already peacefully , and legally . 
  fyi the saxon and romanian envoys were not nearly as united as you want to think , many of them voted for the union , while the same time there were hungarian and sz\u00e9kely envoys who voted against it . 
   second of all , if you start thinking how many of the statues from hungary belong to well known war criminals , '' mass murderers '' ok . like , can you give an example ? 
   including fascist miklos horthy oh , so he was fascist ? 
  you might have wanted to tell that the nazis maybe they would n't had to go through all that trouble to organise a coup d'\u00e9tat to replace him with a fascist regime . 
  just for the record , i despise horthy because of his incompetence , and personal faults , and i am not a fan of this new wave which tries to present him as a great statesman , but calling him fascist or war criminal is just plain and simple wrong . 
  fist of all , while he was indeed antisemitic , he opposed the deportation of the jews , which only started after the germans forcefully occupied hungary on march 19 . 
  true , he could have resisted ( and should have ) , but if you call him a fascist for not resisting deportations , you could call fascist almost the whole population of the continent .
