  it was a polandball reference . 
  chill out mate . 
  drop the idea of multi-speed europe , and never mention it again . 
  actually , i would have guessed more . 
   but the icc still exists . 
  [ sure it does . 
  ] ( https://www.icc-cricket.com/ ), 
  i myself prefer dubrovnik , croatia . 
  now the only real question is how much it takes before a dane posts the kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 video . 
  well , if citizenship is the only definition you go by , i guess so . 
  i do think nationality is a more complicated matter than that though . 
  by that definition kurds would be turks , or transylvanian hungarians romanians . 
   a group of russian people they did have the misfortune to have their homeland eaten by scarymonster russia , but that does n't make them russians . 
  and they are not the only finno-ugric people there , though it is true that most of the other finno-ugric languages which are located in russia , will die out in our lifetime probably . 
  because it 's so obviously the best language ever known to man ? 
  wtf, 
  lol . 
  they get more tourist per capita than france or italy , and even more than greece . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_croatia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_france https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_italy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_greece, 
  your the revolting , popoohead . 
  hungarian food best food . 
  i am always delighted if it is proven to me , that some other unlucky bastard 's misfortune is indeed greater than mine . 
  please , tell me more . 
  the people are the same though . 
  the majority of former communists went over to the fidesz . 
  and they also have the same anti-west , anti-capitalistic , anti- `` imperialistic '' propaganda as commies . 
  russians and turks actually seem to think they have done us a favour . 
  last fall or so i have read an article , translated from russian , which described how poor gullible hungarians have been tricked into revolution of 1956 by the evil cia , but thanks god , the red army arrived in time to save us and the day . 
  russia , the superhero we certainly do n't need , and hopefully do n't deserve either . 
   maybe mr orban could form a new union with mr erdogan if he does not like the eu ? 
  as long as he leaves my country out of it , i am fine . 
  i would even pay his ticket to turkey as long as he does n't come back . 
  [ greater albania ? 
  excellent observations . 
  he really started out as liberal , he really went over to the conservatives , and he really builds a regime that extraordinarily resembles the the old communist system . 
  last days i have seen a video about k\u00e1d\u00e1r ( the socialist dictator of hungary ) , and he was saying almost word for word the same about soros , then orb\u00e1n does now . 
  one more reason why one should n't aspire to become a norway . 
  good idea !, 
  [ i for one welcome our new finnish overlords !, 
  yep , that was what bugged me in the transylvanian 's guy comment , and in response i went overboard . 
  not really a question of smartness , more like a question of how informed you are . 
  i do n't actually think romanians are smarter then us , i just do n't fancy the idea calling them dumb , and acting like we were superior , when we are clearly making mistakes which they stayed clear of . 
  right !, 
  i knew i still missed something !, 
  [ stop being a norway . 
  does n't have the same ring to it . 
  maybe we should get rid of the ` of ' and swap ` union ' and ` european ' ? 
  2018 april , and not counting jobbik which is also in the pockets of the russians , probably our joke-party , the two-tailed dog party is the most successful of getting facts ( or at least non-fidesz propaganda ) to the people . 
  of course they have no chance winning an election , they probably would n't even want to , given they are a joke party . 
  what i actually hope is not that there will be a single party which can beat fidesz , but that we will have a wide coalition that can challenge it 's hegemony . 
  i prefer talking about issues over creating them ... 
   imagine what they could do with an even dumber population like romania etc. 
  in the light of recent events those dumb romanians seem actually smarter then us . 
  they have already understood that the ones we need to keep in check are not the electorate of an other party , or someone who thinks different , but our own politicians . 
  we still seem to struggle with understanding this . 
   well , you keep voting for that guy in power . 
  he got 40 % last elections ( and thanks to modifying the election system that meant 66 % of seats in parliament ) with low turnout , he is definitely not that popular anymore . 
   any time i ask a hungarian about that you complain that there are no `` good alternatives '' but any alternative is better than a proto-dictator . 
  orb\u00e1n and his friends control all the media but a small minority of online newspapers , and one or two televisions . 
  most hungarians do n't even * know * what this guy is doing to the country because all the news reach them , are the product of pro-fidesz propaganda . 
  maybe this is starting to change now that there are now opposition parties which actually try to reach out to people instead of sitting on their backsides doing nothing . 
   nobody found that to be humiliation and some in the public even approved of it . 
  why apply double standards when judging such cases ? 
  we did n't even hear about it , i bet no other hungarian on this forum has known about this incident , before we read it from you . 
  and did you just lump all hungarians together with the scum that makes up the party jobbik ? 
   viktor orban 's hungary is also protecting a romanian citizen of hungarian ethnicity who is wanted in romania for several offenses and you think we agree with it ? 
  the thing is we have several other more urgent problems , 89 million euros are copper compared to the money orb\u00e1n and his friends stole * and are currently stealing from us . 
  can we take in poland too , and make an intermarium ? 
  [ there you go . 
  ] ( http://www.artoncapital.com/global-citizen-programs/hungary/ ), 
   i personally dislike direct democracy on a national level . 
  referendums get abused quite often lately ( see turkey ) . 
  on a communal level on the other hand it is quite ok , because people only get to vote on their `` limited '' issue . 
  legislatory power of a parliament gets abused even more often actually , see russia , romania , hungary , turkey etc. 
  referenda are harder to influence . 
  in others you nailed it . 
  we lost our independent and effective judiciary ( or at least a lot of it ) , and they made most of their crimes legal . 
   that 's amazing . 
  but yeah , i guess as long as you keep the immigrants out you can be as corrupt as you want . 
  no real opposition , no political alternative , i really would like to be reborn as orb\u00e1n . 
  let 's not forget how incompetent and selfdestructive the opposition was , but yeah , you nailed it again basically . 
   i really would like to be reborn as orb\u00e1n . 
  what does his girlfriend look like ? 
  [ wife ] ( http://www.egeszsegtukor.hu/images/news/news_6640_levai_aniko1.jpg ) [ lover 1 ] ( http://static.origos.hu/s/img/i/1109/20110912legykepbe30.jpg ) [ lover2 ] ( http://www.nlcafe.hu/cikk/3/23827/2.jpg ) those lovers are rumoured about on the internet , but there could be others of course . 
  also , they were probably his lovers when they were younger . 
  i think if i would be pm i would pick prettier lovers though :d, 
   how the hell does that work actually ? 
  i get classifying documents , which could jeopardize national security ( like military stuff , etc ) , but contract between russian private companies and the hungarian government should n't be secret . 
  they claim that producing our own electric power is a strategical interest of the nation ( * i mean they are not entirely wrong , electric power is pretty important , that 's why we do n't want to see it in the hands of russians ) , and that 's why the contract must remain classified , end of story and discussion , nothing to see here , i assure you there is nothing shady going on . 
  all those who claim otherwise are agents of the evil imperialists , and payed puppets of soros . 
   how the hell are you supposed to hold your government accountable ... 
  direct democracy is the way to go , i always say . 
  mate , you have no idea what are you talking about . 
  project after project goes to russian companies at a ridiculously high price , without tender , even when other companies are literally flocking to do the job a lot cheaper . 
  the most notorious one is paks 2 , our nuclear power plant will be enlargened , every study shows how it will be a net loss , and how it will go bankrupt without constant government aids , yet we are doing it , and we are also taking ten billion euro russian debt in the process . 
  and i am sure there are even more interesting details about this deal , however we do n't know any , because the documents have been classified for 50 years . 
  just like any other contract with russian companies . 
  a former intelligence operative director just recently uncovered the fact , that when the intelligence wanted to act against russian spies they were told to back off from up there . 
  the nato shares less and less info with us , they came to look at us as a security threat in the last years . 
  did i mention we are selling hungarian ( and so european ) citizenship to thousands of russians ( and to chinese by the way ) without any background checks ?
