i hope our society will survive this . 
  i would really hate if my children had to fight crusades instead of struggling with first world problems . 
  and some people still claim here we are not relatives ... getting drunk , knifing people , committing suicide , these were the very cornerstones of being hungarian as well . 
  the first and the are last still very important part of national identity , however knifing is not really a thing anymore . 
  it barely occurs nowadays , and even then it is mostly committed by gypsies . 
  we got really soft in the last 50 years . 
  well you ca n't really compare those three . 
  your muslims actually built a quite cool culture , and that time we , europeans , were on the same level with them in literacy , hygiene or religious tolerance . 
  the ottomans were a quite tolerant empire , they did n't want to make everybody muslim - except these [ poor devils ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme ) . 
  they just wanted you to pay taxes and mind your business . 
  the suffering of the christian subjects mostly came from the high rate of corruption and the frequent wars . 
  if i had to choose which of the three waves of intruders was the most repelling , i would definitely say the current one . 
  well for normal european people yes , but i thought you canucks are runnning naked on the shore in 10 degree celsius , and jump into the ocean to cool you down a little bit . 
  one of my canadian acquintances was complaining about the summer in switzerland recently . 
  it was like 30 grades and he told it was too hot , 
  that is actually a very good idea . 
  as long as our politicians go in the first rank , it would be a very profitable war for us , there is no doubt of that . 
  on the other hand , if they only * send * us ... we can remove all the kebabs , take their sweet-sweet deserts ( they are not all deserts yet , but give some time to global warning and they will be ) and found a new hungary without our current politicians . 
  crusade-time !, 
  well , they temporarily attached themselves to romania ( and stupid romans did n't realize it is just part of their master plan ) . 
  i am talking about [ sz\u00e9kelys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz%c3%a9kelys ) , of course . 
  well , they are not 100 % hungarian florida , more like 50 % badass texas , 25 % funny florida and the rest 25 % are made up by mountains from montana . 
  but that is the closest thing we got to florida . 
   i have n't even mentioned any kind of fence . 
  my bad . 
   that 's constantinople , not rome eastern roman empire , best roman empire . 
  everybody knows it . 
   but anyways i know the empire fell , but its heritage never will . 
  well said . 
  in that point we agree . 
  however i wanted to piss you off with claiming that there are/were worthier heirs of the empire than italy . 
   for example these guys from the late unholy non-roman absolutly-not-empire , 
  sort of . 
  it wo n't keep out , who really wants to get through , but it makes easier the job of the police and the army . 
  and hopefully a lot of people will choose to enter hungary through the crossing points and registrate , instead of just wandering around and not giving a fuck about laws and rules . 
  you surely meant the other way around , did n't you ? 
  i did n't feel lately the urge to emigrate to the me , that much i can tell , 
  look old chap , this fence is to keep out immigrants , the other was meant to keep in emigrants . 
  quite a difference , do n't you think ? 
  and rome [ * did * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fall_of_constantinople ) fall , 
  if poland would leave v4 , that would make me really sad :( however , i guess , you are right , that we were n't as reliable ally as you , so it would make sense from your point of view . 
   i think that financing stuff like this through what is effectively robbery , especially when taking into account that he also took away pension savings , has more to do with the general oligarchic , putin-like corruption meant only for personal enrichment , than with genuine communism . 
  yeah , you got the point there . 
   yeah , i mean , that would be really stupid . 
  straight out threatening annexation , even putin know he would n't get away with that , which is why he had to fake a referendum and then declared the invasion force to just offer protection for the poor russians on the crimea . 
  if even you think that it would be ridiculous to think that orb\u00e1n would openly speak about revision , then why claim it ? 
  citation from you :  and babbling about restoring the old borders of hungary as i said , you do n't need to make up things . 
  the truth is already sad enough . 
   yet it ca n't be denied that with his rhetoric and politics he 's effectively catering the people who want him to do that . 
  we are agreeing in this point again . 
   multiple independent observers have confirmed mistreatment and various shortcomings in the hungarian asylum system . 
  i can only say it again and again , it 's not surprising that people do n't want to stay in those countries . 
  well , those shortcomings and mistreatments pretty much came from the overwhelmed infrastructure ( and in small part from orb\u00e1n 's malevolence ) . 
  but let 's not pretend that german asylum system would perform so much better . 
  in gie\u00dfen , women and children were regularly raped in the refugee camp - you failed to protect the people who were in the biggest need . 
  the handling of the applications is painfully slow - which i can totally understand , since you want to make sure , that only those people will get asylum , who really need it , and the migrants do not help with throwing away all their passports and id-s . 
  however , and that is the biggest problem of the whole system , the 2/3 of the asylum seekers will not get asylum . 
  which means they risked their lives and sacrificed their life savings for nothing . 
  that is pretty cruel if you think about it . 
  and the poor bastards cost a bunch of money in the meantime which could have been spent on helping them in their own country . 
  if you look at the fact you have to come to the conclusion that the german asylum system , however it is relatively more efficient , than say , the hungarian one , kills much more people just by the fact that it encourages them to risk their lives for a dream , which will never come true . 
  if you want good for the migrants , you close eu-borders , and do what the uk does : spend the money to create better circumstances in the countries where these people live ( first of all in turkey ) , and take the most miserable ones directly from the refugee camps . 
  good to hear  i guess i had a false picture because of 2009 language law modification . 
   but still , he gets his votes with hardcore nationalist policies , so hardcore nationalism is the problem here , whether he actually believes in it or not . 
  the policies would n't be any less dangerous if done by someone genuinely convinced of the ideology behind them . 
  he clearly gets his votes for his policies . 
  in 2013 he already had his nationalist rhetoric , but his support only started raising when he announced his cheap energy policy . 
  however , i agree that his nationalist rhetoric is extremely harmful . 
  but in your first comment your point was that he * is * a nationalist and bigoted . 
  well , he is not  the only thing he believes in and cares about is the welfare of his family and friends . 
   i also think that how you label his previous policies is oversimplified . 
  i do n't think that `` lowering energy prices '' is automatically catering to the communists . 
  nationalists like cheap energy too . 
  there is such a thing as general populism appreciated by everyone . 
  but surely nationalists and conservatives do not take the money for the cheap energy from the banks and multinational companies in the form of extra taxes introduced solely for this purpose ? 
  and he even took the people 's pension savings for that reason ... not a very conservative thing to do , if you ask me . 
  edit : to make this part clear - he they did n't actually spent the money taken this way for getting the people cheap energy , since the market prices were falling anyway . 
  but if i remember correctly they announced those extra taxes with the reasoning , that the state needs money for cheap energy . 
  however i am too tired to search for a source - so i maybe do it tomorrow . 
   the liberal background is also somewhat questionable . 
  well , the first free elected government of hungary was a conservative one , and he was always ranting against them . 
  that time , at the annual of trianon the parliament was asked to remember it with one moment silence . 
  he stood up , and left . 
   once he was asked about revisionism , and he labelled it as `` obsolete '' and `` irresponsible '' . 
  true opportunist , as you see - but that time disguised as liberal . 
   see the other comment chain . 
  well , okay . 
  but it is not necessarily revisionism to commemorate our losses . 
  trianon was a huge trauma for all hungarians , lots of leftist people commemorate it as well . 
  and he still did n't speak about restoring borders according to the article you linked . 
  however , i have no doubt he would speak about it , if he would think he can get away with it , and it raises his popularity - but that would n't be because he is a nationalist , that would be cheap popularism again . 
   i agree that generally , people should have that right to choose which nation they want to belong to ; but seeing hungaries current political climate and the fact that fidesz gets major support from those people , you might not be surprised to hear that i 'd rather not see them having that referendum . 
  those people can already vote if they want , because orb\u00e1n gives citizenship every one of them , who applies for it . 
  sadly they do n't know his true colours - just like most of the hungarians in hungary . 
  and according to revision - as i said , i would be content if these hungarians would get minority rights like the swedes have in finland . 
  that would be a more simpler but still sufficient solution . 
   on the border fence , i obviously disagree . 
  well orb\u00e1n was malevolent to the migrants all the time , that is true . 
  however the fact that they did n't want to registrate as the law requires , left us no choice but to close the borders , to enforce registration . 
  the crossing points are still open , and if you are willing to register you can still get through .
