  good luck democratically changing that government . 
   i would n't say stolen but ... purposefully mismanaged . 
  you can stay stolen alright . 
  true , services are sold , but they are crazily overpriced . 
  we pay projects like ten times what they really worth are . 
  because they are not interested in improving anything , the only thing they want is to steal more . 
  and since hungary will get lesser funds from 2020 they think it 's time to start to prepare the public opinion for leaving the eu , because if they ca n't steal the eu funds , what 's the point for them in being in the union ? 
   honestly : a large scale anti eu campaign started by the goverment should be grounds for an investigation to determine if the countries eu grants should be reduced . 
  the problem is , that we only get greater funds till 2020 . 
  by the time an eu-commission will close its investigation , there will be no money left to decide about . 
  the only solution by now is that we , the hungarian people take the matter in our hands , and shoot the thieving bastards into the danube . 
  sadly i think this will happen even later then the eu cutting funds . 
  i have the feeling we wo n't even be in the eu by then , and it will be too late for anything to change for the better . 
  they are probably preparing for a campaign for quitting eu . 
  after 2020 we wo n't get so much aids anymore , so there is no point for our government to stay , since they could n't steal any more , the eu would be only a nuisance for them then . 
  i really do n't see any other solution then lining up them before the parliament and shooting them into the danube . 
  by now they practically made sure we ca n't replace them peacefully , and every day they spend in power diminishes the chance we will ever get out of this corrupt half-feudalism . 
  look deeper . 
  * look [ behind !, 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcse-qmz5nv0ccypkvetg_0lii_biyqoaf8wq7evr5-f6ndug2dl ) *, 
  72 mother in laws ... * shudders *, 
  yes . 
  they should read more solzhenitsyn . 
  or read more in general . 
  not at 15 , but at 17/18 most of my classmates ( including myself ) did do 100 or more pushups on the fitness tests . 
  in my school gender separation started in 9th grade , which means we were already 15 years old . 
  by then i already have been like 60 kg and i was also taller then most girls in my class , but only average amongst boys . 
  they ca n't catch me in reddit !, 
  i am safe as long as i stay away from tumblr , am i not ? 
  healthy relationship to sport also differs by gender . 
  not many teenage girls can do 100 pushups for once , at the same time it is a reasonable expectation towards the average teenage boy . 
  mixing girls and boys in p. e. classes will hold boys back while it may push girls over their limits . 
  edit : even if we are not encouraging competition between students ( although i see it as a generally good thing ) , girls and boys have to meet very different standards . 
  separeted gym classes kind of make sense because of the differences between the male and female body . 
  it would be unreasonable to expect a 40 kg girl to compete with a 70 kg boy in most sports we do at high school . 
  edit : also , for that matter we could criticise olympics because man and women are separate categories in most sports . 
  same with me . 
  i learnt german and english for years , hated them both , and i did n't understand jackshit from the grammar . 
  first year i started to learn latin i made an immense progress in both other languages , and in the third year i was able to make my german c2 exam . 
  i think modern language teaching approaches overmistify grammar , and they want to teach it to you in such small quantities that you just ca n't see the big picture . 
  for german i had to learn nominative , then two weeks later akkusativ , other two weeks later dativ etc. 
  meanwhile in latin the teacher taught us the whole noun declination system in one hour . 
  it was simple , beautiful , understandable , and what 's more it just put all my previous fruitless struggles with german nouns in context . 
   he was basically lucky that ww i did n't happen 20 years earlier not lucky , he was working hard for it . 
  also , while a war between france and germany was probably unavoidable , it was n't set in stone that russia or the uk will pick sides in that conflict . 
  germany did n't need colonies , in fact the colonies she had taken produced mostly deficit . 
  had germany continued the bismarckian way , and confined herself on europe , while not building a navy , the uk would have been more then glad to stay out of any european war . 
  the russians and austria-hungary had conflicting interests , but both had too much to lose in a war ( and their diplomats were aware of this ) , so bismarck could maintain a peace between them . 
  wwi was actually a war which could have been avoided , or at least indefinitely delayed , had germany not had that meddlesome and headstrong kaiser in wilhelm ii . 
  i hear artificial insemination got really smooth in the last few years . 
  [ interracial marriage is mandatory until population homogenizes . 
  in hungary it is quite the opposite :( most of the dealers sell random party drugs , which are so new that the procedure of banning it has n't finished yet . 
  once a party drug is banned they just move to a new compound . 
  i doubt romanian police kills drug addicts . 
  of course that is possible also , but much less likely that they are good in catching dealers and putting them into jail . 
  i would n't exactly see that as an issue , since it 's seemingly working . 
  actually , even a dumb eastern european like myself is able to grasp this concept , hence i said `` we are not enemies on any day '' . 
  since a reverse purge would be that we hate each other 's guts on normal days , and be in peace on this one day . 
  but actually we are friends throughout the whole year , * especially * on this day . 
  seemingly . 
  enlighten me !, 
  i would n't say we are enemies at all on any day of the year . 
  that 's an interesting definition of friendship , but whatever . 
  party like in the good ol' days , eh ? 
  let 's meet in polotsk 15:79 , the last one who gets there is a turk !, 
  stop trying to ruin my mood . 
  and cheer up you bastard !, 
  brooding over the decline and unjust fate of our beloved countries is national pastime in both hungary and poland . 
  we would complain even if everything went smoothly . 
  not on this day however !, 
  [ laise youl hands , so i can see them !, 
  the truth !!!!!, 
  i definitely will !, 
  bloody romanians and slovaks pulling ahead in this as well . 
  well at least we have beaten austria this time . 
  that 's how we love them though . 
  weird . 
  or properly cooked . 
   i then proceeded to call my mother and shout to her in greek as loudly as i could just to make everything as awkward as possible that 's not very nordic of you . 
  well i guess it 's not very nordic either that you were willing to sit next to an other person . 
  it is supposed to be a joke , not a historically accurate claim . 
  just roll with it . 
  [ and an other . 
  it sam kind of explooded !, 
  even vienna is a little too hot in the summer . 
  [ how about helsinki ? 
   move capital to rome . 
  no way . 
   adopt latin as the official language i actually like that one . 
   begin to centralize rome was constantly decentralizing after it got an empire . 
  it would hardly make her proud that her descendants have no common sense , and want to make the reborn empire into a bureaucratic hell . 
   proclaim a caesar from one of the romance-speaking countries . 
  republic stronk , death to tyrants . 
  talking sense at last i see , let 's go . 
  i have been living in germany , and i have to say hungarian bureaucracy is worse . 
  germans want to fuck you in the ass but at least they are consistent , hungarian bureaucracy wants to fuck you hard as well , but they are also constantly changing their made-up bullshit rules . 
  i have to say , i love your username . 
   too bad you made enemies out of all your friends . 
  could you elaborate this ? 
  ok , it seems i was completely wrong on this one .
