  [ ... ] eat one moose . 
  [ finnl\u00e4nd m\u00e4n is like tis . 
  ] ( http://www.hs.fi/blogi/narrienlaiva/a1305944213082 ), 
  come on man !, 
  [ serbian artillery is lead by god !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaewjvwiwmq ) who could do you any har ( a ) m , if god is on your side ? 
  i see . 
  however , we could use a little kebab-removing at the moment , if we are already at the topic of serbian memes . 
  no , now they would refuse that is clear . 
  however we should offer it . 
  and in one or two weeks , when they had enough from migrants , fired tear gas , and did everything what we are blamed for , they will accept our help . 
  well here is the thing - the eu will not help us that stands clear . 
  we are on our own . 
  yes croatia 's government is an asshole as well , but it is easy to see that if they ca n't defend their border that will put more pressure on our border . 
  so after we are done with building our fence and securing our border , we should offer our help , and that time they will have no chance to refuse it , because their own people will be begging for help to anybody . 
  as i see we have the chance to get a useful ally . 
  and we might need help in the future . 
  but of course we can chew the rag and do nothing as well . 
  in that case we better start strengthen those fences . 
  because it will not be enough if hundred thousands of people storming it constantly , and in less than a year that can be the case . 
   hopefully the croats will adopt some pragmatic approaches sooner rather than later . 
  they announced they will never close their borders , and they closed them in less then two days . 
  i do n't give them two weeks , and political correctness will not be a thing in croatia . 
  tear gas , water canon , fence , they will do the very same thing we do . 
  now here is the thing - croatians are in trouble , and if our pm would not be a prick and an idiot at the same time , he would offer our help . 
  we should get at least bosnia at any cost in a common border agreement , so at least we have a defendable border . 
  and possibly we should persuade serbia as well . 
  you did not fire tear gas - yet . 
  we also fired only after three month , i reckon , in your case it will take one or two weeks . 
  but you are right , that our government should help to secure your border . 
  and it is urgent to persuade serbia and bosnia to get in the club , close the borders , build shelters at the borders , registrate refugees , and turn around all , who are not syrians , since merkel told , from now they will only take syrians . 
  danube confederation is the way to go , not new austrian empire . 
  i do n't want to live in your basement again . 
  pls no . 
  i know we seem assholes in your eyes right now , but our government is not our country . 
  if i was pm i would have offered help to protect serbian and bosnian border a , because i want to be a good neighbour b , because the more far from us migrant stop , the better, 
  orb\u00e1n is a prick . 
  ok , croatians were really assholes in the last few days with us , but it is clear that they ca n't protect their border without our help . 
  it is too long . 
  we should help them , not taking revenge because the croatian pm told bad things about us in television . 
  well , we have n't had a significant muslim immigration in the las few hundred years , and therefore did not spend money on it . 
  however pfundz was talking about a situation in other lands , and as he pointed out , those european countries which have had a significant number of muslim immigrants , failed to integrate them into their society . 
  so i do n't really understand what is your point now , with repeating your question . 
  should we give it a chance , and try to integrate some muslim immigrants ? 
  do you think we would succeed where more well suited countries failed ? 
  could we overcome , in your opinion , the difficulties which even germany could n't overcome with its almost undepletable resources ? 
  do you think we could find better solutions , than the very open-minded and accepting british society ? 
  well , i do n't think so . 
  everybody would prefer ghurkhas over all other nations . 
  those guys are awesome . 
  and they are probably more loyal to their chosen home , than lot of people , who were born there . 
  its not late yet . 
  let 's make the danube confederation , hm ? 
  good to hear  polak , w\u0119gier , dwa bratanki , i do szabli , i do szklanki , 
  in 1956 hungarians were mostly taken to camps in austria . 
  if they did not want to stay in austria they applied for a visa in an other country , and waited till they got it . 
  some waited more than six years . 
  then worked their asses off , instead of waiting for free money . 
  and the ones , who were complaining about the situations in camps and * demanded * better treatment got their faces smashed . 
  which was exactly right so , because if you are seeking asylum you are not entitled to anything , and should be grateful if you get a place to stay and food every day . 
  and lack of common kings :( oh i wish we still would be ruled by jagellionians !, 
  not the shiniest part of our history but much better then what came after it , and certainly better than being ruled by the current political elite ... 
  you mean you would n't be surprised , do n't you ? 
   i had a conversation with a lovely young chap in a camp of there 's ; seriously , lovely young chap . 
  of course i could not understand everything , due to the language and cultural barrier are you implying you have not learnt their language yet ?!, 
  and what on earth were you thinking when you spoke with this poor man in a camp ?!, 
  why did you not take him to your home ?!, 
  you should feel fucking thankful that these great people talk to you at all , you worthless nazi scum !, 
  so do not wait for them asking anything , read their mind , and provide everything you can !, 
  they * deserve * it , they are * entitled * to it , did you not know ? 
  seriously man , you germans are really a worthless nazi scum . 
  i hope not a lot of people there are like you . 
  they did clean up the most of it , but expecting to finish it only in 2019 if i remember correctly . 
  that 's still not bad if you compare it to verdun for example : 100 years passed , and they are still not finished with cleaning up . 
  how can you like slovaks and czehs more than us ? 
  what happened to polish-hungarian friendship ? 
  it 's because they make better beers is n't it ? 
  well , i am hungarian , so my outer appearance does n't really differ from the normal german , you might have a point there . 
  still , in my experience people from the city were less friendly to foreigners than people from the countryside . 
  make no mistake people from the city were still really friendly , but i did n't feel like being part of any community . 
  in the village though , i did . 
  according to my age : i was seventeen , when we moved to a german village . 
  and do n't tell me young people do n't enjoy choirs orchestras and amateur theaters , because teens not participating in these were exceptions , and not the rule . 
  older guys in their twenties were really less active , but that is because they mostly learnt in a far university , or already worked . 
  kirmes is once a year , that is right , but it is pretty wild , if you ask me . 
  i rarely drink or dance so much in so few days . 
  and if you want to party every weekend , what is keeping you from it ( besides no teen having so much money ) ? 
  you just go to the tavern , or rent a dgh with your friends , and if you like none of these options , and still want to spend more money for less fun , you can still go to the city . 
  german parents are pretty awesome and drive you home even if they work in the morning . 
  or one of you does n't drink , and you rotate every time . 
  at last : i would n't say my life was quiet in the german countryside . 
  as i said i have never sat at home , however i have a very strong tendency to do so . 
  and you are mistaken if you think i prefer village over city because of wanting to teach culture to immigrants . 
  what i learnt about german culture , i mostly learnt from books , and not from hanging out in the tavern , or singing all kind of songs in the choir . 
  i prefer the village because the people are much closer there to each other , they are more open , and they create communities which you really want to be a part of . 
  you have never lived in a german village , that is clear . 
  i , as foreigner , lived in germany in the countryside and in a city as well , and people were much friendlier and accepting in the tiny villages . 
  the other thing : claiming that villages are away from real life is simply not true either , at least not for german countryside . 
  even the smallest places have their own choirs , orchestras , amateur theaters dammit !, 
  i never had a day , when i was sitting at home , because there was alway something going on .
