  whatever else * than politician . 
  no one should stay in politics for more than three election cycle . 
  any party right now is better than the fidesz , because any other party is less competent in robbing the country blind . 
  i do n't want migrants either , and surprise , surprise neither does slovakia or czechia . 
  somehow they still managed to not run an anti eu-campaign . 
  in the last years we have run two , and the latest of them * after * the quota plans already have failed . 
  for one , it is extremely hypocritical , because they never told they are only against special cases of immigration , there rhetoric was against immigration en bloc . 
  and for second , we were only doing extremely superficial backgroundchecks ( or in cases none at all ) . 
  that 's the best way to let in potential terrorists - which rich saudi prince would n't pay 300 000 dollars for one of his warriors blowing up infidels ? 
  all other kinds of criminals are also among the potentional buyers of residence bonds , not to speak of foreign spies . 
  you want to sell citizenship ? 
  fine , do it , but for god 's sake , check the bloody customers properly !, 
   he is not stupid he knows exactly what values he based his power on and he knows he ca n't just do a 180 and spit his own supporters in face . 
  lol . 
  in 2006 he unleashed everything he had against mszp 's `` reforms '' in healthcare and education - in 2012 he pushed through even harsher versions of them . 
  he told that those who do n't transfer their private pensions to the government will not get state pensions - later he overruled the decisions , and now everybody gets state pension . 
  he called gyurcs\u00e1ny when he started to negotiate with putin as `` putyin pincsije '' ( somewhat justified actually ) , now he is best buddies with putin . 
  i could go on with examples , bottomline is , orb\u00e1n is a master of 180 turnarounds , and spitting in the face of his supporters is a normal day for him . 
  if we tomorrow quit the eu - you think we will be better off ? 
  hungarian industry will not revive magically overnight . 
  in fact the little we have left will die off in an instant , because if we raise tariffs , the eu will have the same tariffs against us . 
  we would lose our most lucrative market - [ by the way we are one of the few countries who have positive trade balance with germany ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/gesamtwirtschaftumwelt/aussenhandel/tabellen/rangfolgehandelspartner.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) - and we would gain literally nothing by it . 
  what the fuck mate . 
  you think what i have written above is propaganda ? 
  these are facts . 
  for immigration - orb\u00e1n does n't give a shit about immigration . 
  [ in fact the government is selling citizenship for foreigners , ] ( http://artoncapital.com/global-citizen-programs/hungary/ ) yes , for arabs as well . 
  all this rhetoric about migrant crisis is a political tool for him . 
  at the very moment , when brussels decides to pay up , orb\u00e1n will become the most immigrant welcoming prime minister europe has ever seen . 
  he is already selling us to the russians , why not to western europe as well , given they are prepared to pay his price ? 
  on that we can agree . 
   i do n't really follow his rethoric nowadays . 
  probably that 's why you still support him . 
   he supports the values i suport ( family , work based society , and illiberal ) . 
  he supports his own family , but not families in general . 
   work based society jokes on you , the guy has not worked a minute in the last thirty years . 
   illiberal or rather he calls himself one . 
  let 's not forget he started his political career as the hungarian che guevara . 
  edit : also guess where his children went to uni ? 
  into liberal , foreign universities . 
  yeah , a true conservative indeed . 
  he changed the election system in the favour of his own party , he is constantly thwarting attempts for holding referenda , he banned several media from the parliament , he works hard to make governmental decisions and governing processes less transparent , e. g. the details of public procurements are often classified . 
  this is not everything , but i think should be sufficient for explaining why we can consider him undemocratic . 
  yeah , that 's very true . 
   that 's also the same with russia or any other corrupt country . 
  i never told it was otherwise . 
   unless you 're anything but a straight white male , that group has a more difficult time in those countries . 
  how about south africa , zimbabwe or north korea ? 
  are you sure you are not an american ? 
  it 's usually americans who make such a fuss about race . 
   to just give you an example i , as an ethnic hungarian living outside of hungary am able to call myself a hungarian citizen thanks to his policies . 
  i also receive a hefty scholarship thanks to his party 's co operation with the hungarian party in serbia . 
  he has helped me and my family tremendously because i do n't have to rely on my parents ' money as a university student . 
  i actually approve this policy of the current government . 
  however the good things they have done to the hungarians over the border , does n't balance out all the crimes they committed against the nation as a whole . 
  you went to university more easily , and for that i am glad , but at the same time the current government brutally cut the scholarships here in hungary , now there are roughly 10 000 less state-subsidued places in uni then there were in 2010 . 
  you can [ look at it for yourself ] ( https://www.felvi.hu/felveteli/ponthatarok_rangsorok/elmult_evek/!elmultevek/elmult_evek.php?stat=5 ) if you do n't believe me , and see how in 2012 , when the new law went into power , the number of applicants and acceptions went down . 
  at the same time they messed up badly highschool and primary school - teachers do n't anymore have the possibility the choose from more books , they just have to teach with the ones , the government has chosen . 
  [ these are often badly written , ] ( http://index.hu/belfold/2014/11/27/titokban_mas_tankonyvbol_tanitanak_a_tanarok/ ) [ and they are not even delivered on time . ] ( http://nepszava.hu/cikk/1002886-ket-honapja-kesnek-a-tankonyvek-igy-allamosit-a-fidesz ) . 
  one of the most tragicomic moments of the new system was when in an interview the public television was praising [ this brand new hungarian teaching softver - which was not allowed to use in hungarian schools , only over the border . 
  other scandalous crimes of orb\u00e1n and his cronies , far from complete list : [ stealing pensions . 
  honestly , it 's late , and i am bored with this thread for today , but tomorrow i can bring you more links , if you want . 
  till then you can browse [ this site ] ( https://atlatszo.hu/ ) . 
  yes , i understand that , but even if it is the usual clickbait bullshit of the mainstream media , i resent the fact , that we are mentioned on the same page as russia . 
  that just should n't happen , no matter what . 
  and what really pisses me off , that our government does n't even try to deny these allegations , they just happily embrace the reputation . 
  the illibiral democracy rhetoric only came after he was elected , before that he was a champion of democratic values . 
  he also never talked about changing the constitution either , before 2010 . 
  he has become a politician since , and last time i checked he was the number one fan of gyurcs\u00e1ny ... nobody is perfect , i guess . 
  and yes , he still defines himself as conservative . 
  nevertheless , in his book arcm\u00e1s , he predicted everything orb\u00e1n has done since then . 
  [ you got it all wrong . 
  sadly , yes . 
  he can still count on like 30 % of the votes . 
  to be fair i have to shade my former opinion `` those who voted for him in 2014 have no excuse '' : fidesz holds the media firmly in its hand , and news which are not government propaganda never reach the people on the countryside . 
  what ? 
  kind of you to say so . 
  i have the feeling that some people fail to make the distinction between hungarian government and people , and it is always good to see that there is sober ( if not so loud ) majority . 
  yep , that 's totally how it happened . 
  back in 2010 nobody knew * how bad it will be - except for one conservative journalist , who became the laughingstock of the whole nation `` for crying wolf '' . 
  well , it did n't take long before we ceased to laugh about him , sadly . 
  i for one have never voted for him . 
  also in 2010 people could n't really know he will be that bad , even left-wing media did n't expect he will be that harmful . 
  there was only one conservative journalist who predicted all this , but as said everybody thought he was crying wolf . 
  those who voted for him in 2014 have no excuse , that 's true , but by then the election system has been rigged , and it was ensured that he would win a huge majority . 
  i bet kaczy\u0144ski had different ideas about whose ally orb\u00e1n really is . 
  just to be clear , i do n't mind orb\u00e1n favouring tusk over kaczy\u0144ski , but i think the current polish government does mind it . 
  i would n't be surprised if relations between them and orb\u00e1n would deteriorate . 
   he was just repaying the favor to tusk , who voted against sanctioning hungary back when his party was still in power in poland and we were n't seen as the `` trouble child '' as well . 
  the current polish government still thought of it as a betrayal , did n't they ? 
   pis days are numbered at this point anyway . 
  wish i could say the same about fidesz . 
   hungary doesnt belong in the eu . 
   after all they are an important country when it comes to the immigration crisis and the v4 . 
  slovaks always hated us , czechs just do n't care , and orb\u00e1n is working diligently to turn poles against us . 
  he just recently stabbed polish government in the back , and the other thing is , poles are generally not fond of russophils . 
  orb\u00e1n has to choose sooner or later , and since russians have him by the balls , he will choose putin over kaczy\u0144ski . 
  how far we have * sunk ... before ten years it was unthinkable that we will be lumped together with russia like this . 
  let 's be pedantic : except for 1672 ottoman war . 
  but they regained the lost territories in less than thirty years , so i guess they are as kebab-proof as you can get if you happen to border ottoblob .
