  that 's kind of pointless , after they went through all the filters , and waited out the considerable amount of time an adoption process takes , i think both of them should be guardians , but apart from that inconvenience , i think the current regulation is fine . 
  are we really going to argue about definitions ? 
  as i already wrote down , i do n't think the case of the single parents is analogous with the case of same-sex parents , but it still a differs from the mother + father set , and shows , that differences are not necessarily beneficial for the children . 
  since at adoption the first priority has to be the children 's interest , i do n't think it 's justified to differ from the working practice , unless stone-hard evidence is provided , that the children 's are equally well-off with same-sex and opposite-sex parents . 
  i just read the second part of your comment , first time i flew over it , sorry . 
  nobody is * limiting * people 's liberties in this case . 
  gay couples are allowed to adopt children in hungary , as any other person , they are just going to be behind married couples in the line . 
  it is hardly a limitation to any liberty . 
  and since the duty of the respective authorities is to keep in eye the * children 's * interests , i think it 's very right so till we do n't have stone-hard evidence that the children are equally well-off with same-sex parents . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1988/04/22/us/researchers-list-odds-of-getting-aids-in-heterosexual-intercourse.html?pagewanted=all ) there is 1 to 500 chance for passing the hiv over with one vaginal intercourse . 
  if cyfm is right , this chance is 17 to 500 with anal intercourse . 
  that 's still a pretty good chance of not passing over the disease , so yes , promiscuity , higher sexual activity and fewer partners have to be also a deciding factor . 
  and whatever the reason is , homosexual males already have 40 times higher infection-rate , then heterosexuals , so engaging in anal sex with a woman ( especially , if you live in a monogamous relationship ) is much less risky then doing the same with a man . 
  yes , thamanizer already linked that , and as i said i would be more comfortable , if we could make those studies again with a bigger sample . 
  which we fortunately will be able to do in a few years . 
  it is a subset of `` unorthodox '' set of parents . 
  i did n't say it analogous . 
  i did n't even exclude the possibility that gay couples can be as good parents , as heterosexual couples . 
  i just wanted to have some statistics about it , which you provided , thank you for that . 
  however , i still think , it would do good to wait some more years , and make some more research with bigger samples . 
  no i 'm not , and since then it has been pointed out , that anal sex is a factor as well . 
  but it still does n't disprove my point that promiscuity ( and as cyfm pointed out the number of fewer available partners ) is the deciding factor here . 
  it does correlate with sexual orientation , `` since , in the homosexual male population the percentage of std-affected people is much higher than in the heterosexual male population . '', 
  that 's the very definition of correlation . 
  ok , i stand corrected again  i guess then it does correlate with anal sex , but it 's not as important factor then promiscuity ( and fewer available partners as you said ) . 
  will [ first ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2006/feb/21/mentalhealth.childrensservices ) thing google threw at me suffice ? 
  you are just not [ hussar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_jokes#poruchik_rzhevsky ) enough . 
  no it is n't . 
  it is not correlated to anal sex , it correlates to promiscuity , which is ( even ) more common among homosexual then heterosexual males . 
  right . 
  i did n't think of them , so now i correct my statement : homosexuality affects males negatively , since , in the homosexual male population the percentage of std-affected people is much higher than in the heterosexual male population . 
  and as i said , there is a lot of evidence , that in most cases it is worse for the children , then being brought up by the `` orthodox '' set of parents . 
  ( actually it is not more orthodox then other family-models , since , as you said other solutions are of the same age . ), 
  right now , afaik there is only one legal difference between marriage and common-law marriage ( at least in hungary ) , that married couples get priority at adoption . 
  when we will have evidence that gay couples have the same chance to give an adopted child a good upbringing , i will be totally fine giving the right for gay couples to be married . 
  till then - what is the point ? 
  actually it does affect homosexuals negatively , because they have much higher chance to get std-s , including some really nasty ones like hiv . 
  well , i would like to see some studies about the mental health of children raised by same sex couples , because in the case which you mentioned ( half-orphan kid ) , there is a much higher chance of the kids developing mental issues then in a normal family . 
  there are a lot of countries which already have gay marriage , so in twenty-thirty years we will have statistics proving or denying the theory that a family with same sex parents has the same chance of giving kids a good upbringing . 
  till then , i would wait . 
  i guess , i got ta find some pole to drink with , soon !, 
  the chetnik strikes back, 
  for hungary , it 's poland . 
  `` how have we come to this ? '', 
  practice , practice , practice . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  amendment in this case means changing the constitution , and the sneaky part of the story is that one of the hungarian political parties was submitted unexpectedly and in complete silence with the least possible media coverage . 
  this is already democrature . 
  it 's mainly about internal politics . 
  folks wanted a referendum about stores keeping closed whole sunday - but orb\u00e1n does not want it , because they were the ones who introduced the whole thing . 
  and they do not back off a bloody inch , since they fear that losing small battles like this will undermine the myth of their invincibility , and mobilise the depressed masses , who would not go to vote otherwise . 
  so they hinder this referendum by every possible means , and one way is to give in their own proposals , because at the same time , there can only be one proposal for referendum ( that 's also a change they made in the last years ) . 
  the quota system is a joke anyway , and no sane man thinks the eu could make it work , but keeping this subject alive is a very good way to keep the poor and the uneducated people from asking uncomfortable questions which might lead to a popularity-loss for the fidesz . 
  edit : it turns out that the two referendum has nothing to do with each other , sorry for the misinformation . 
  then enjoy your sweet -30 karma . 
  well they should arrest only like daily 10 000 . 
  and the news spread pretty fast among the migrant-candidates , thanks to facebook . 
  so when they realize that illegal border-crossing means immediate deportation , if they get caught , less people will start the journey . 
  of course , to be efficient you will need a place to deport people to , till you find out where is their home-country , or you have to have a refoulment-agreement with the countries , which you have the common border with . 
  right , the only way to stop illegal immigrants is to shoot them . 
  there is no way to catch and deport them . 
  e. g. the us border patrols always shoot every illegal immigrants they see , never just arrest and deport them . 
  you really need to put out that / s , it seems . 
  does n't matter , swedes are more atheist than you , and a lot of the migrants want to sweden . 
  i hope you are right , and it will be enough . 
  orb\u00e1n does n't really care for our country . 
  if the deal will pay off for him personally , he will take it , never mind the other consequences . 
  i would not be very surprised if he sold us off the russians . 
  i am sure , he is thankful . 
  since the refugee-crisis started he could get through laws , which , a few months before would result demonstrations . 
  now ? 
  nothing . 
  and the 2018 election as i said , already won . 
  well , we can always hope that orb\u00e1n gets a heart attack , he is fat enough . 
  unfortunately enough after he built the fence against migrants , it is very unlikely , that he will lose 2018 general elections . 
  that is politics for you : for one good decision you get the credit for four more years non-stop stealing : /, 
  i want to move to iceland . 
  now . 
   implying any soft arabic bastard who runs away from war could survive a brawl with finns . 
  and in this case the government should have the right to stop subsidizing people who refused a job offer . 
  i did n't talk about any argument initally , i just entered the conversation to add my personal opinion . 
  let me reword it : 1 . 
  immigration as such is neither good nor bad in itself . 
  however , the current immigration policies of european countries ( germany and sweden are the most notable examples ) are bad . 
  a universal argument against all of european immigration-policies is , that it raises crime rates , since immigrants and their offsprings are more likely to [ commit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime ) crimes then natives . 
  ... goes to switzerland ... sensible swiss throw him out before he can say so much as `` asylum '' . 
  we always can hope his subjects make a [ good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nucpsjzijq&amp;t=19m18s ) frog out of him according to their national customs . 
  they surely can . 
  but not punishing people after misbehaving is the best way to indulge them in misbehaving . 
  i mean , if a baby does something wrong you just have to raise your voice to make it behave itself , for a little child , you probably have to shout , but after that ... 
  i mean what do you do with a rebelling teen ? 
  most of the cases if you beat him/her up , the teen will just become more rebellious . 
  that 's why is it important to make the rules clear from the beginning , and punish everybody consequently for breaking them . 
  putting the troublemakers in jail for truculency , mayhem , hate speech and death threats ? 
  how does that sound , as a non-segregationist solution ? 
  i would not deport them right away however , if they are willing to declare that they have regretted what they did , and they will refrain from it in the future . 
  but next time they commit any crime , they will fly from the country and be banned for ever , before they can say so much as `` backslider '' . 
  that 's racist . 
  punishing somebody , just because he/she broke the law ? 
  not all types of immigration are bad .
