  `` i just pretended not to notice him , and went on blowing my bagpipe . '', 
  totally understandable . 
  why would you joke about us , when you have bosnians ? 
  at the same time we basically have no jokes about any of our neighbours . 
  ok a few about romanians , and that 's it . 
  compared to this it is astonishing how many scottis jokes we have . 
  [ cheer up !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiobrob3bji ), 
  the politician , the physics and the biologist which of their field has been the first created . 
  the biologist says : `` well , you know , biology is actually of the same age as life itself . '', 
  the physicist counters : `` yeah , but physic is strictly speaking much older . 
  i mean the laws of physics has been there since the universe started to form from the chaos of the big bumm . '', 
  then the politician : `` true , but who do you think was responsible for the creation of chaos ?! '', 
   globally intertwined and interdependent econcomy . 
  we had that back then as well . 
  they still declared war , and hoped for fast victory , so that the economical damage will be small . 
  they were sorely mistaken . 
   threat of nuclear war . 
  i can not argue with that one . 
   influential corporations who would oppose measures that reduce profit like war . 
  there is a strong lobby behind wars as well though . 
  can you imagine how demand would skyrocket for american goods , in the case of russia invading europe ? 
  and if the war drags on long enough ( ok , it probably wo n't because russia is a paper tiger ) it wo n't be just weapons , it will be food , clothes , medicine , everything . 
   you could be right though ; i do n't know how idiocy and irrationality is distributed among the powerful these days . 
  :d edit : typo, 
  the medicine does progress , but we are running low in antibiotics . 
  more and more resistent bacteria appear , and medication industry is not really interested in the creation of new antibiotics , so that we can put them into the cupboard , and only take it out , when it 's needed . 
  patent is likely to be expired by then , so if there ever would be a mass production from the respective antibiotics , the inventor company would not be the only one to reap the benefits , actually they would have aided their own competitors . 
  heresy !, 
  what was the incentive in 1914 ? 
  germany already had some colonies in africa , and they spent ten times more money then what they were getting from it . 
  if you look at it rationally , a war with france to steal their colonies just was n't worth it , especially , that russia was supporting them . 
  austria-hungary had also no incentive for a war , they had enough internal problems , and their economical relations with the balkans benefitted them , despite russian influence . 
  france , russia and great-britain likewise had absolutely no incentive to fight that war . 
  yet the war has broken out . 
   well i actually think it 's actually likely to happen . 
  i think a global epidemic is even more likely . 
  there are so many places with poor hygienic conditions and high density of undernourished people . 
  with the extremely high-speed transportation we have today ( compared to earlier ages ) , a highly contagious illness could spread like wildfire . 
  and even if you stop it at a border , at what cost ? 
  if enough countries are involved , global trade will just collapse . 
   so how does deportation in hungary work ? 
  i think currently we put them on the austrian border , show them which way west is , and the problem suddenly solves itself . 
  ok , a few we probably deport to serbia , but i think most of the ones , who make it through the southern border we just place in an unguarded camp near the western border . 
  now , that 's definitely not ironman . 
  one of the other most common family names are n\u00e9met / n\u00e9meth ( german ) and t\u00f3t / t\u00f3th ( slovak ) . 
  and here we are , labelled as racist , when we were actually multicultural way before it was cool . 
  i have been sloppy with the choice of words there : i meant that the middle east had a long history with weed , and when islam showed up , it did n't change the habit of consuming it . 
  e. g. the famous hassassins . 
  however , islamists also do have some history with weed , al-qaeda is known to have its hand in the smuggler business , also in the territories occupied by isis , growing marijuana is allowed , or even encouraged . 
  islamists have a long history with weed though . 
  so cheer up little swede , i do n't think this counts as progressivism :d, 
  `` it will happen again as soon as the other ` cynical imperialist ' ( to quote another comment ) actor in our region , the us , forgets about us . '', 
  if that happens , western europe will rush in to fill the power vacuum . 
  french and germans might have their balls severely reduced compared to earlier times , but if it comes to losing all those sweet-sweet eastern european markets , do you think they will just sit quietly , and watch it happen ? 
  nah , if it 's money , they will step in . 
  because our `` conservative '' and `` right-wing '' politicians are actually opportunistic liberals and crypto-communists , who changed their colours to collect votes , but in truth they have no love for the nation . 
  their only intention is to sell the country for the highest possible price , and if they can sell it twice , it is even better . 
  so , while they are stealing all the eu-aids , they also make shadowy businesses with russians ( and others , but mainly russians ) . 
  the real question is why the people do n't realise this , and why they still vote for them . 
  the reasons for this : 1 . 
  a lot of people in hungary identify nowadays mainly as being the voter of one party , and changing their `` loyalty '' would feel a betray to them . 
  it does n't concern them that their chosen party has betrayed and sold them much much earlier . 
  refugees . 
  it is true , that orb\u00e1n `` protected '' us from refugees . 
  true , any other government would have been probably willing to set up a hot spot in the country , as merkel initially wanted . 
  however , i think western politicians just have n't paid enough yet , at the moment when they are willing to pay up , orb\u00e1n will turn our country into a second lebanon alright . 
  i do n't understand it either , but a lot of people i know just buy into this `` russia is not the same as the su '' , `` but the americans '' etc. 
  i do n't think americans are saints either , but if you have to choose between being the pampered pet dog of ` murica or the hungry watchdog of the russians , kicked into the balls whenever the keeper got out of the bed on the wrong side , that is not a very hard choice . 
   take back control back in control , push them further out to sea edit : listening to popular swedish music does n't seem a good solution in this case :(, 
  a hungarian writer , eszterh\u00e1zy p\u00e9ter said , that : `` nazis were actually less worse then the soviets . 
  i mean , nazis promised to purge a part of mankind , and they purged a part of mankind . 
  soviets promised that everybody will be equal , and they purged a part of mankind . '', 
  space shuttle was however an american project , and iss is partly american too , so what is the parallel here ? 
  oh , i did n't know , thanks . 
  i always thought sonic booms were allowed just limited to a certain altitude . 
  what happened to concorde ? 
  i read it was shut down because it was unprofitable . 
  ( honest question , no sarcasm here . ), 
  [ that 's what we call diplomacy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lscvfwe-rp0&amp;t=28s ) edit : oh , i see , i have been too slow :(, 
  i was being mildly sarcastic :d of course , we both believe in a balance of the two , we disagree on how the ideal equillibrium looks like . 
   mps yes , but i said pm , which would be bundeskanzler ( in ) , if we speak about the german equivalent . 
   the swiss federal government is constantly engaged in reconciling contradictory outcomes . 
  as it should be . 
  that 's what makes switzerland so much better than any other country - the people have a discussion all the time , and there is almost never a total win or loss for either side in an issue , sooner or later they reach a trade-off which is accepted by all involved . 
  whatever . 
  this debate is about tastes now , and `` de gustibus non est disputatum . '', 
  you believe in technocratic oligarchies , i believe mob rule is the way to go - let 's leave it there , shall we ? 
   the one issue the german government has been consistently ignoring the will of the people is nuclear energy , until fukushima that was . 
  so you do admit it happens , and what 's more , in vital issues . 
   i actually do advocate politician salaries in the millions . 
  yeah , the carrier opportunities will still never be the same . 
  there can be thousands of ceo 's in the same country but only one pm at the time . 
  well , we are seemingly not going to convince each other . 
  however , i still have one question . 
   i think switzerland is barely functional what makes you think that ? 
  the big difference here is that the representatives can choose to ignore the will of the people , like it happens in germany , or in hungary nowadays , in different issues . 
  both cases are dangerous ( for a different reason of course ) , and they might result in civil war sooner or later . 
  just let me make two sidenotes : you seem to be sure , that elected representatives do know , what they are voting about , since they are well-educated , intelligent , talented , informed people .
