  and i also have to say that i never enjoyed partying in clubs in the city as i enjoyed parties in the dgh , or as i enjoyed kirmes , or simply just going to the tavern with my friends . 
  probably there were also political reasons , but there was the good ol' democracy ^ tm as well . 
  you are probably right about bush , but dealing with the chechens is in harmony with the usual american policy for ethnic minorities - if they want independence , the usa supports it in theory , unless it is an ethnic minority of an ally . 
  which is hypocrisy of course , but when every one else applies realpolitik , the americans at least make an attempt sometimes to act according their moral principles . 
  yes saudi arabia is a dreadful regime , almost as bad as is , and it is very bad that the americans handle them as allies . 
  hopefully it will change . 
  however , saying the yeltsin-era russia was not a democracy is false . 
  it was on the border , it functioned ineffectively , but it was a democracy . 
  thanks mate . 
  well , napoleon fucked spain all the same for betraying the british . 
  if you are dealing with napoleon , you will be fucked at the end anyway . 
  unless you have a big enough fleet to keep him a way , or an endless steppe/forest , where you can keep retreating . 
  they were refused to become nato-members ( obviously because they did n't meet the requirements ) , but they were offered to become allies with small a in my understanding . 
  edit : as for georgia - at the time i believed russians were right at their invasion . 
  but actually they were as responsible in escalating the situation as [ georgians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#april.e2.80.93july_2008 ) , and in the light of the past few years , i do n't think it was because of incompetency or misunderstanding of the situation - no the russians were deliberately increasing tension to get a casus belli . 
  i do n't want to defend saakashvilli , mind you , he was a dictator , and he was as bad as putin , just not as good chessplayer . 
  portugal was the oldest ally of uk , they could hardly keep her out , but you are right , it was quite obvious hypocrisy that they took her . 
  as for turkey - they were a democracy in 1952 , and there is no procedure yet for kicking somebody out from nato . 
  if sultan erdogan continues to build his petty little dictatorship i suspect we will see them kicked out from nato . 
  ( sadly the same is probably true for my country . ), 
  so , however russia still did n't meet the requirements for nato membership , the us would have been ready to at least start the process of approach , and enter a loose bilateral alliance with russia . 
  which means , that had the russians continue on that path instead of invading e. g. georgia , by now they would be allies with small a , and maybe in another twenty years , with big a. 
  but sure , it 's much more comfortable sitting in the middle of a renewed cold war . 
  being a democracy , having market economy , such trivial [ things ] ( http://1997-2001.state.gov/www/regions/eur/fs_members.html ) . 
   the collapse of the soviet union changed nothing as far as the us were concerned . 
  well , they pulled out more then half of their troops out of europe in the first year after the collapse , but sure . 
   are you the apco/academi desk by any chance . 
  of course . 
  i am also wearing a kipa , and my usual pastime is to drink the blood of russian virgins at night . 
   blame putin all you want it 's hard not to blame him . 
  did he annex crimea ? 
  yes , he did . 
  did he sent troops into ukraine ? 
  yes he did . 
  regardless on your view on the legitimacy of his actions , you got ta admit he shot first . 
   `` threat '' , the lol , the threat , hahahahahaha  russia could be an ally of the us hahahahahahahahahaahahahahh best laugh i have had all week . 
  i am glad i made you laugh . 
  however you might want to read [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4h107t/sweden_wants_answers_from_russia_after_lavrovs/d2mo09a ) comment . 
  i hope u/triplebream does n't mind that i use his/her elaborate collection . 
  she did n't meet the requirements of becoming a nato-member btw . 
  `` they did supposedly try to join nato and were rebuked . '', 
  that was the soviet union , the very thing against the nato was created . 
  also , the soviet union was still a dictatorship at that time , so they were hardly qualified to become nato member . 
  and , however khrushchev was a big improvement compared to stalin even he would have been unable ( and unwilling ) to turn the soviet union into a democracy . 
  the russian-us relations were actually pretty good until recently - before the invasion of georgia at least . 
  of course the mutual distrust and petty politics could n't be overcame in a few years , but had russia continued on the road of democracy and peace , i can definitely see them becoming a nato-member . 
  of course it is not solely their responsibility that it did n't happen , but it 's equally foolish to blame everything on the west and the us . 
  yeah i can also imagine that it was not some masterplan , just mutual distrust . 
  petty politics were always a big hinderance in everything . 
  they could have hardly said no , if the russians had requested membership and met the criteria . 
  i agree that it is comfortable to the us that the russian threat has some unifying force again , and they can be the good guys , who will eventually save the day . 
  ( and it is hard to argue with that they are the good guys when the alternative is being a russian vassal . ), 
   you have to be pretty bloody dim not to understand that once you join nato you become a part of a threat to russia . 
  it 's not like it was pre-determined . 
  when the soviet union collapsed the west was looking forward to the cooperation with post-communist countries , even with russia . 
  by now , russia could be an ally of the us , but that would mean that they accept the fact that they are not the leader of their own alliance anymore , just the second strongest member . 
  now that is what putin could never accept . 
  simply put he 'd rather be the cock on a smaller dungheap , then chicken on a much bigger one . 
   good thinking , cover our tracks smiled u/clorst _ glornk quite jewishly . 
  some [ estonian ] ( http://i.imgur.com/85m1o8m.png ) blood could make it into nordic ? 
  even if he had , that would prove nothing . 
  nato is literally nazi germany 2.0 operated by the jews , do n't you see ? 
  meanwhile in hungary ... 
  so depressing that while romania is on a way to modernise itself , clean up corruption , and become a true democratic country , we slowly slip back into a corrupt , feudalistic oligarchy . 
  and we can blame nobody but ourselves . 
  no way to counter that . 
  politicians ca n't sell the idea to spend enough money on the army to get them capable again , while at peace , majority of the population does not believe there could be a war with russia , and we have also other concerns ( refugee-crisis , and nobody knows when the chinese stock starts a new freefall ) . 
  if i would be putin , and i would be mad enough to risk a nuclear war , i would launch a blitz on the baltics , wreak havoc in poland and scandinavia , then i tried to negotiate . 
  like i keep the baltics , you can have everything back . 
  german and french politicians probably would be happy with such a deal ( they could sell it at home as some kind of victory , since russia gave up occupied territories ) , americans and brits could be threatened with atomic weapons , so they would probably choose not to escalate the war , and of course putin could sell it as a victory . 
  and the worse part is , that i do n't think the looming bankruptcy would keep putin from doing this , actually , it encourages him to do so . 
  the worse the russian economy performs , the more discontent the population will be , and if i were putin i tried to compensate them for the hardships with some shiny victory . 
  i agree !, 
  time to give independence for chechnya . 
  actually twenty years too late . 
  and killed twenty turks with his own hands in the battle of bender . 
  ( he was modest and only admitted 10 though . ), 
  now that 's what i call efficiency . 
  for some it takes one , others will never become swedish . 
  i have [ somebody ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/26/david_von_krafft_-_king_charles_xii_of_sweden_002.jpg ) in mind ... edit : or would you prefer [ him ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/c7g4o29bv2s/hqdefault.jpg ) ? 
  [ yep ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continent#number_of_continents ) also your point definitely stands , nobody would want to call an australian greek an asian :d, 
   australia is in asia as it happens australia is a different continent . 
  thank you for your detailed answer !, 
  well , it seems then i was wrong just about everything . 
  well , let 's hope then nobody picks up my arguments !, 
  i want those sweet-sweet poundmonies which the uk spends on us , 
  ok . well it seems , looking at wikipedia charts did n't give me access to the absolute truth , i should have looked for the context more carefully . 
  but what about my other argument ? 
  british companies still have to deal with the higher price level and with the stronger currency , and without the help of any protecting customs . 
  i am not sure if i should take this as a compliment . 
  haha you got me there  i was thinking on the fact that germany produced better cars which were cheaper at the same time , so since there were no protecting customs they could increase their market share without hinderance . 
  had britain not joined the eu it would have been harder . 
  of course , if japan had customs union with the uk their share would have grown even steeper as well . 
  this does n't contradict my premise that the opened market gave an opportunity to the german car industry to increase it 's market share on the expense of uk 's car industry . 
  actually it verifies it . 
  i am glad i made an impression , but i am not in economy , so my opinion is still one of an amateur 's . 
  but sure , i can tell it . 
  so in '89 we were in a fairly advantageous position - we had the enormous comecon market , and the competition was very weak , since most of the countries specialized to a few products ( hungary was producing busses , east germany cars etc. ) . 
  now , with the collapse of the socialist regime our access to the comecon markets did not disappear , and i think we could have benefited them , but the hungarian government 's main focus was to switch over to free trade , and mainly to trade with the west . 
  this in my humble opinion was not a very wise decision , since our companies did not even know what competition is , so of course a lot of them went bankrupt in a few years , or foreign companies bought and closed them to increase their market share .
