  orb\u00e1n hacked our election system for one , and keeps most of the media in his hands as well . 
  there is like 60 % support for eu-membership . 
  even a lot of fidesz-voters support eu membership . 
  it 's politicians stirring up shit mostly . 
  [ sure . 
  ] ( https://www.google.hu/search?q=arabic+people&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewin2y-mr_htahwdjcwkhzw4dxeq_auicigb&amp;biw=1427&amp;bih=732 ), 
  the world would n't be the same for me without toilet paper and prepackaged toothbrush . 
   so . . lets take eg :15 % across the entire eu . 
  for start how about members deciding about it ? 
  even in the us the size of the inheritance tax ( or if they want to collect it in the first place ) is in the competence of the states , despite it 's the same goddamn country , not a union of independent countries . 
   but no matter how gifted you are you will never achieve great success if you are born poor . 
  maybe a very lucky few do but for every britney spears there are thousands who fail at this . 
  the success of the few lucky is . not a representation of the system . 
  if you compare yourself to britney spears , your chances to succeed in the same magnitude are astronomically small anyways , even if you are much richer than the average . 
  for me succeeding in my life means having my own house at forty , and sending two or three kids to university . 
  that is very well within the reach of the poorest in europe , or in western and northern europe at least . 
  edit :  complete replacement of the election system and political population our election system is pretty good already ( everybody has the same voting power , regardless from social status ) , we just need to use it more often \u00e1 la suisse . 
  for politicians : i would n't mind either if one could spend only three-four cycles in politics ( and max two in the same office ) , however i think our reasoning for this is somewhat different . 
  are these mutually exclusive ? 
  you can help the poor , and save up money for your offsprings at the same time . 
  also , you assume that the state will spend the money it takes away from its subjects on the poor , moreover , that it will spend this money more effectively then average people would do . 
  which is a pretty bold assumption , if you think about it . 
  yes she was . 
  uh , that 's a relief !, 
  i was already worried this bastardization of non-english names is catching on in europe as well . 
  my favourite example is when he ordered , that people were not to be buried in coffins . 
  because , you know , it 's a waste of timber . 
  or when he enacted restrictions regarding women fashion . 
  now , that 's some real mao or pol pot level etatism , angering a bunch of apolitical people , while providing little or absolutely no gains . 
  poor joseph was very literate , well-meaning , and even intelligent guy , but common sense and empathy were not his strong points , that 's for sure . 
  sed avenam non ... not much changed in the last three hundred years , when you think about it . 
   although i prefer her son joseph compared with his brother he was not that good , really . 
  he was well-meaning and all , but boy , he had no idea , how you get human beings do what you want them to do . 
  leopold was as enlightened as him , but he was much better politician , he knew which ideas could be realistically implemented , and when you have to back off , or at least make a compromise . 
  it 's a shame he only got two years . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  wiki says he was ~ ~ medical ~ ~ health adviser of the unicef , so in a sense he was working for the un . 
  yes , but that was n't his point , which i was debating, 
  ~ ~ i think you were citing an other part from my comment then what you intended . ~ ~ this presentation sounds interesting , please link it , if you can find . 
  meanwhile [ here ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/future-world-population-growth/ ) is a good summary of the un projections . 
  if the current trend of decreasing fertility continues , and life expectancy does n't explode , the global population will start to decline around 2050 . 
   if you say that resources are being exploited for value gain then i 'd contend that we live on a finite planet , and even that entropy always increases . 
  our planet is not a closed system either , we have a tremendous amount of energy income in the form of solar power . 
  a lot of our resources ( like oil , coal , food ) are also just a stored form of solar energy . 
  you do n't need to exploit others to maintain your own growth , you only need to exploit the solar energy at the end . 
  otherwise is true that we can not grow indefinitely , least as long as we ca n't leave our planet en masse , because the earth can entrap only so much solar energy in a given timeframe . 
  but , i would say we are far away from the real carrying capacity of the planet , and with the development of technology we are getting always a little more efficient in using energy . 
  also , already in this century we will probably reach the point where global population starts to decline , so finite resources will be less and less of a worry as time progresses . 
  [ also fits into her . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zm6hzn5yvi ), 
  economics is not closed a system , and therefore it is also not a zero sum game . 
  do n't flatter the italians , they still wo n't allow you to put pineapple on pizza . 
  i already tried , it does n't work . 
  hence i said `` just so much bigger '' . 
  actually the compound is not that different , as i would have thought . 
  especially the czech , it 's almost the same , just so much bigger . 
   we 're so small the netherlands is populationwise bigger than like half of the eu-countries . 
  edit : ok , now i read your second line , and feel myself an idiot . 
  czechia , slovenia what is your secret ? 
  care to teach it to a fellow former socialist central european ? 
  even if our language is completely different , our attitudes match so wonderfully . 
  polak wegier etc. 
  [ irish infantry seems to be pretty badass on the other hand . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_jadotville ), 
  if ` muricans did n't came , soviets would have been able to march straight to the atlantics . 
  sure nazis would have been done for that way as well . 
  but given the soviets were at least as bad as the nazis , i am glad the us of a entered the war , and came to europe , even if my country was n't lucky enough to be liberated by them . 
   still not sure in which bucket to count genghis khan . 
  neither ? 
  he was certainly no communist , not driven to conquest by religion , and he was n't nationalist at all . 
  people subjugated by the mongols could keep their customs , their language , their laws , and at most places within a few generations the mongol ruling elite has been assimilated into the culture of subjected masses . 
  well , in the current nomenclature the modern era is counted from the 16th century , so i would go with deluge as your darkest chapter in modern history . 
  ( an elaborate ruse ! ), 
  this does n't disprove his statement . 
  good ol' commie times are coming back , i tell you . 
  * sigh * i wish i lived in more enlightened times ... 
   the university system before the new law in 2012 was exploitable and a lot of people did so . 
  i hope you were agreeing with that sentiment when the mszp wanted to cut education funding in 2006 ( much less so then what fidesz did six years later ) . 
  i did n't agree with that one back then , and i did n't agree with it in 2012 . 
  then again i judge a proposal by its merits not by its supporters . 
   there were way too many people studying in higher education getting worthless degrees too bad it 's not true . 
  [ even the most worthless diploma raises your salary expectance , and your chances to get a job . 
  ] ( https://444.hu/2015/04/02/azt-hiszed-hogy-ertektelen-a-diplomad-nagyon-tevedsz ) edit : also why were then the most well-payed diploma courses also cut ? 
  like economist-courses ? 
   or just fucking around and never finishing . 
  yep , how many such people were there exactly ? 
  i met like two or three such person in all the years i spent at uni . 
  but sure , it was worth fucking over tenthousands of people to put few hundred jugglers in place . 
   you have to pay less tax if you have children , that is a good support . 
  seemingly not enough , because there are a record number of emigrants . 
  at the same time we succeeded in raising number of birthnumbers with 0.9 % percent . 
  big fucking deal , that 's even smaller than the [ usual annual fluctuation ] ( https://www.ksh.hu/docs/hun/eurostat_tablak/tabl/tps00111.html ) , and foreign born children are included . 
   he was liberal 25 years ago , during , and shortly after communism . 
  he was liberal till the '94 elections , then he saw , that the electorate of the left is mostly pro-mszp , so he went over to the right , out of pure opportunism , to collect the votes of the wawering . 
   he is a populist , but it is not bad as long as he support what i like . 
  too bad he does n't support what you like , quite the opposite actually . 
   you said he have n't worked . 
  he is the prime minister of hungary . 
  what other work should he do ? 
  should he be a side chef or cleaner ?
