  also , defending your own property with force is frowned upon , and will almost definitely get * you * in trouble . 
  so , summa summarum , we have the bigger problem , not ` muricans . 
  i do n't think ` muricans will have an integration problem with gypsies . 
  they already have more than one million of them , and we do n't hear them causing any problems so far . 
  well , i guess we would n't have integration problem either , if our welfare subsidies were basically non-existent , and burglars had a fair chance of being shot when breaking in somewhere . 
  not much else needed actually ... 
  i am not going to argue with a dutch about this ... 
  if you have a question about dikes , there is no better candidate then a swampgerman , but if you want to know something about empires , you better ask a brit . 
  no , byzantines really called their country \u1fec\u03c9\u03bc\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03b1 ' , romania with latin abc . 
  well , if you ask me , they did rightly so , they were the legitimate heir of the empire . 
  however , our favourite hairy-soled yetis really should n't have took this name , since they might be roman in their language , but they never will be roman in their soul . 
  the true heir of the empire is [ finland ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/enuudtd ) , as it is very well known . 
  since it was mentioned first in 1266 , a few decades after andr\u00e1s ii settled the saxons in transylvania , i would say it was probably founded by saxons . 
  bloody hell . 
   and hungary ( for some reason ) we are honorary germans it seems . 
  gulashgermans or plaingermans , whatever sounds better . 
  most crusaders were famously impious good-for-nothing scum , who failed in their lives , and went to the holy wars to gain absolution for their sins . 
  the same could be said for most of the islamic extremists , who took part in terrorist attacks . 
  beniczky came from a hungarian noble family , which traces back to the 13th century , nevertheless his mother tongue was slovak . 
  erd\u00f5si 's family came from austria , so , in their hometown they were called \u00d6sterreicher , and it is unclear to me , why he changed his name , but i doubt he was forced to do it . 
  forceful magyarization was not a thing before the dualism , and before 1848 both the means and the intention lacked . 
  for the 1848/49 part of my comment a little more detailed : almost purely or purely slovak battalions were the 2. , the 4. , the 9 . 
  ) , the 34. , the 51. , the 60 and the 124 . 
  that 's in itself more then seven thousand slovaks on the side of the legitimate government , and there were still a lot of battalions in the infantry , which were partly slovak . 
  also , the 8 . and 10 . 
  husar regiments had more slovak companies . 
  i think we can agree , that there were at least one magnitude more slovaks were siding against vienna then with it . 
  in the battle of branyiszk\u00f3 erd\u00f5si imre , the priest with guyon 's division ( and also a slovakian patriot by his own words ) tried to inspire the soldiers in slovakian , one would assume , because that was the language they spoke . 
  two weeks before that , in the battle of hodrusb\u00e1nya , g\u00f6rgey had only slovakian infantry at hand , while there were no slovakians at all on the other side . 
  there were a lot of slovaks in the hungarian high command under the war , the most notable is probably beniczky lajos , i mean the guy was so slovak , he did n't even speak hungarian ( and that 's hardly an exception in ' 48 / ' 49 ) . 
  i honestly do n't even understand where does this myth comes from , that slovaks where mostly siding with vienna . 
  and the other thing i do n't understand , why you guys are n't proud of the soldiers , who fought for the legitimate constitution , signed by the king . 
  but whatever , we will keep honouring their memories instead of you as well . 
  `` no we didnt , we were on austrias side . '', 
  most slovakians fought in the hungarian army , half of g\u00f6rgey 's army was slovak . 
  there were some thousand collaborators , that 's true ( i would say even hungarians had a greater percentage of collaborators though ) , but most slovaks , who fought in the war , fought on the side of the legitimate government . 
  `` and after that we were under forceful magyarization . '', 
  that 's what i was referring to , when i said , we were not nice to you in the last fifty years . 
  `` do n't romanticize the past of kingdom of hungary . 
  it was not great for us . '', 
  there were no ethnical tensions in the hungarian kindom until the very recent times . 
  most of the hungarian nobles in upper hungary were bilinguals , and nobility was just as open to slovaks , as to hungarians . 
  yeah , to be a serf sucked , but it sucked just as much to be a hungarian serf . 
  in the mediaval times and in the early modern age nobody gave a damn what your mother tongue was ( official language was latin anyways ) , because all that mattered was your social status , and if you were the subject of the same king . 
  we were not nice to you in the last fifty years or so . 
  before that we had no problems with living together . 
  in the turkish times hungary was basically the current slovakia , and i have n't heard any ethnical tensions from that time . 
  even in 1848 - ' 49 , when the romanians , serbs , and croats supported austria , you and we fought together , and made some pretty cool stuff . 
  well , we have a little more tense relationship with slovaks , mainly because there are still a lot hungarians in slovakia , who were still mishandled in the not so distant past . 
  but generally , we are quite well off , we are both members of the v4 , and as the migrant crisis showed , we can easily co-operate , if needed . 
  do n't pretend to be surprised . 
  do swedes ever skip a chance to remind you that skane is swedish clay now ? 
  i doubt it . 
  paprika gives us superpower . 
   in democracy , two homeless tramps have bigger voting power than university professor ... 
  yes , this is what democracy is about . 
  and look how bad it works !, 
  you can see it on the example of switzerland . 
  you are probably right in the case of italy , but in hungary economical and political power already merged , career politicians used their political power became the economical elite as well . 
  also , as far pragmatic dealing with the law goes , i do n't think we could get any less responsible and shortsighted politicians then we currently have . 
  orb\u00e1n rewrote the constitution to suit his personal interests , and in the four years since then whenever there is a shift in the situation , he adjusts the constitution . 
  to rebuild our democracy from the feudalistic half-oligarchy it has been turned into , the very least thing we can do is to limit the opportunities to abuse political power in the future . 
  you are right that the economical elite has to be kept in check as well , but when the two elites are basically the same , our most important task is to get at least the political power back in our hands . 
  what is the red scare ? 
  otherwise , the thing that it did not work at you does n't necessarily mean that it could n't work ever . 
  in fact , i think the goal could be reached with two rather simple laws - i would not allow anybody to be electable to any public office before the age of 35 , and i would maximalise in three the number of elections for anybody can run . 
  that way people who just came out of university and never worked a minute in their life could n't start a political carrier , and the little local oligarchies also had a harder time just as the voting droids sitting in parliament . 
  edit : i would also forbid to fill in the posts of undersecretaries with party-members ( of course the same would be true for lower posts ) , from now on they had to be civil servants with some years already spent in the respectable department . 
  edit2 : of course that is still far from a direct democracy , but already a pace closer . 
  for start i would also take out of the hand of the parliament the right to change the constitution alone - every time a change would be passed in the parliament , there also had to be a referendum about it . 
  it 's hard to like our current career politicians . 
  or any career politician in general . 
  direct democracy is the way to go !, 
  well at the last election he still had like 2 million voters . 
  so as much i do n't like to admit , some of us really do like him . 
  both were part of the hungarian kingdom more precisely . 
  ( austria has nothing to do with either of our current coat of arms afaik . ), 
  actually , before he became the dumb and evil parody of his younger self he was a capable politician and a quite good speaker as well . 
  i guess he still has better days . 
   guns are made only to kill . 
  that is their only purpose . 
  it 's all they can do . 
  an overwhelming majority of gun owners uses guns for sportshooting or hunting . 
  they can kill humans , but that 's far from being the sole purpose of guns . 
  we all now who is the [ true heir ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tolq9ih.png ) of the empire . 
  better eh than prussian . 
  you are confusing yourself with the [ swiss . 
  come on !, 
  this is europe !, 
  not some kind of fascist dictatorship like ... like ... australia for example !, 
  he does that one right , but otherwise he is a thief and a liar . 
   i 'd love to see v for vendeta part two . 
  everyone was protesting , they seem to be successful , revolution happened , but what comes after ? 
  successful protests and revolutions do n't automatically lead to a better future . 
  case in point . 
  hungary is basically v for vendetta part 2 right now , it has been it for the last 28 years . 
  mate which country do you live in ? 
  they changed the election system to make sure we can practically never replace them peacefully . 
  in 2014 they got 2/3 of the parliament with what ? 
  45 % of the votes ?
