  yeah , the law would require , if i remember correctly , to keep people in camps at the border till their application for asylum gets considered , but we really could not enforce people to stay in camps without using lethal force . 
  especially when these people think that in germany every one of them gets a new house to live , free education to learn whatever they want , and a good paying job . 
  or do you see that differently ? 
   hes literally a corrupt communist sounds like orb\u00e1n  with the one notable difference that orb\u00e1n does the right thing about migrants . 
  when we are done with the migrants , we should consider building a danube confederation , hm ? 
  we are certainly not a bad team if we make it through , are we ? 
  ( or at least you should consider giving hungarians minority rights , like finns give to finn-swedes . 
  pleasepleaseplease  ), 
   yeah , of course , because he was always a nationalist , bigoted asshole . 
  not really . 
  he might talk like one , when he thinks it will raise his popularity , but actually he is an opportunist , and changes sides whenever he needs . 
  believe it or not , he started his political carrier as a liberal politician , and his rhetoric might be nationalist now , but he won the last election with his communist policies - e. g. giving people cheaper gas and power - too bad the price of these things fell on the market anyway ...  and babbling about restoring the old borders of hungary source please . 
  i do not like the guy , but as far as i can remember he has never said a thing about restoring the border . 
  once he put a picture on facebook about great-hungary fridge magnets and pins , i think that was the closest from him to revisionism . 
  surely , not a very sensitive move from a pm , but seriously , the hungarian kingdom was shaped like that for hundreds of years - it is surely not a sin having at home pins and magnets depicting historical borders ? 
   the whole cult surrounding the `` humiliation of trianon '' , leading to the fracturing of great hungary , is still a staple of the hardcore reactionary politics pushed by fidesz . 
  the whole cult surrounding trianon is a little bit older than fidesz , and as i said before , these are opportunist little scum : they always choose a rhetoric that suits their interests best - and most of the fidesz politicians do n't talk openly about trianon , they just encourage it behind the scene . 
  their policies in the meantime are more far leftist ( communist , we may say ) as conservative or nationalist . 
  i am a conservative , believe me , i can tell the difference . 
  and one thing to note here - i do not think every revisionist debate should be banned at all . 
  there are still large territories in slovakia for example which neighbour hungary , and are settled by purely hungarians . 
  we should talk about revising the borders in these territories via referendum unless the neighbouring countries with hungarian minority gave rights for these people comparable to those which are given to swedish minority in finnland . 
   in 2014 he straight out declared that he aims for an `` illiberal nation '' where the `` dogmas and ideologies '' accepted by western europe will no longer have any value . 
  that is true , you see . 
  if you want to say bad things about orb\u00e1n and fidesz , you do n't need to make things up , the truth should be sufficient . 
  if you want to blame him for something , blame him for being a power-hungry corrupt bastard , who is fatting on the stolen money of hungarians ; blame him for consequently destroying the constitutional state in hungary ; blame him for being an opportunist , who is willing to take disadvantageous deals for his country , if he gets a fair price ; blame him for being a bloody communists , who is sacking the banks and multis , and ruining the economy ; blame him for befriending the russians and so being a security risk for the eu and nato . 
  but for god 's sake do not blame him for the only sensible thing he has done since 2010 , even if he did it from self-interest and opportunism - i am talking about the fence and the border control of course . 
  orb\u00e1n is a cynical and corrupt bastard . 
  he is not a conservative , nor is he a far-right , he is a bloody commie and he always will be one ( rezsics\u00f6kkent\u00e9s , nothing more needed to say ) . 
  but in this particular case he did what he had to do . 
  those , who do n't want to admit this are lying even themselves , and risking the eu 's existance with creating even more internal tensions . 
  this and the increasing resistance against mass immigration , not to mention the huge economical burden which will be bigger with every passing hour , will end the current refugee policy in some months , i have no doubts about that . 
  and then these politicians have to adjust their rhetoric as well ( maybe even apologize for criticising hungary ) , unless they want to commit a political suicide . 
  uk did not fail though . 
  i think their refugee policy is the best we could impose in the current situation ( giving money to turkey for refugee camps , and taking some refugees from directly these camps ) . 
  this fable is known in poland as well ? 
  no , it is completely okay , if they ban meet on fridays and on passion week in the case my kids go there , who are going to be catholic ( if ever ) . 
  or would that be cultural imperialism ? 
  and here we are at the double standards again . 
  that 's interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  most of the chinese empires were built on the more or less from the emperor dependent bureaucrats . 
  some dynasties even prohibited that bureaucrats hold office in the same province where their relatives had possessions . 
  the poors were often moved around by emperors , especially at dynasty-changes , and separating families by giving them lands elsewhere was a common practice . 
  that 's why i told them as an example . 
  well , i guess their society could retrograde and go back to a former state , if you experienced them still living in a kind of tribal society . 
  same goes for incas . 
  as for thailand - i thought them to be surely rid of tribalism , since they were settled for at least thousand years , and had their centralized state for hundreds of years . 
  whatever , i guess this set is yours then . 
  still you ignored the more important parts of my comments . 
  have a nice evening . 
  ok , some counter examples : incas . 
  most of china . 
  nice of you that you ignore most parts of my two comments though . 
  have a nice day . 
   so you think 1.6 billion muslims are sociopaths ? 
  and there are no sociopaths in europe before `` those people '' came ? 
  no , i was telling there are sociopaths , and tolerancy backfires when applied to sociopaths . 
  sociopaths are found in the same percentage pretty much in every society . 
  i was clear in that , i think , so please do n't try to misinterpret my words . 
   in fact , the entire worlds outside of europe ( and its descendants ) with the exception of japan , builds on clans and families . 
  i think not . 
  there are a lot of non-european civilizations which built complex societies before europe could interact with them . 
  but it is irrelevant , what is important , that afghan , pakistani , african and balkanian rural areas are still mostly settled by people organising themselves in tribes and clans , and since they make up the majority of the refugees we have to deal with this kind of society . 
  i am aware that there are muslim countries , which already overcome the tribal organisation . 
  turkey , the gulf states and the urban areas of other middle east or african countries mostly gave up tribalism . 
  and in fact i do n't think islam would be the biggest problem with these refugees - turks are islamic people but they are still very close to the europen values ( well maybe except in women rights ) . 
  i think what i already told in my first comment - the majority of the refugees , islamic or not , comes from tribal societies where strangers are not considered to be human beings . 
  that is the source of the most problems , and in most of the cases that is not a thing you can change with some semester ideological training . 
  some will give up this style of living , but most wo n't . 
  well , these people have to be forced to obey the rules of our society , or else face the consequences . 
  edit : as a matter of fact i did n't even mention islam in my first comment , so i am extremely curious why did you think that i was making assumptions based on their religion . 
  you are just so wrong . 
  tolerancy might work in one case , but it certainly does n't work in every case . 
  those people who have conscience can be punished tolerantly , all you have to do is to make them realize what they did . 
  however , a sociopath will abuse the hell out of tolerancy . 
  most of these migrants came from societies still built on clans and big families . 
  they are like gypsies - they do n't see people outside their clan human beings . 
  they consider strangers animals - dangerous predators and prey at the same time . 
  very few of them will ever realize that they had committed a sin with raping a woman . 
  you do n't consider sin killing a chicken or a cow , do you ? 
  those few , however , who became aware the severity of their crime , can be handled tolerantly . 
  but for those , who did n't - you have to punish them so stern , that they are afraid more of the punishment , then they desire committing the crime again . 
  the hard thing is of course to tell apart the two kind of people - to that the judges who make the verdicts in these cases have to know very well human nature and behaviour . 
  and one more thing about punishments - singapoore has one of the lowest crime rates on the world , and they have really draconian laws when it comes to crimes . 
  columbia is the opposite : very-very tolerant . 
  they even sentenced serial killers , who raped and killed hundreds of teenage girls for less then twenty years - and the country 's crime rates are still one of the worst . 
  tolerance is not always efficient as you see , and cruel punishments can be very efficient , if cruelty is rightly applied . 
  well , maybe i am too pessimistic about it , but we will see . 
  same for hungary though . 
  orb\u00e1n did the right thing now , but this is like his third action which is actually good for the hungarian nation as whole . 
  before that he prohibited smoking in public area , and well , no other positive thing comes to my mind . 
  and the opposition is really laughable . 
  the sad truth is , that orb\u00e1n has won the 2018 elections as well with this migrant crisis , and he will going on stealing everything which can be stolen . 
  right . 
  my specifications were not clear . 
  they are doing then the right thing about syrian refugees . 
  or at least a better thing then merkel does . 
  they are still power-hungry corrupt bastards , but they are doing the right thing in this particular case . 
  the end of the pharagraph is missing .
