yeah i think it does and i think you are right in that the uk does n't see itself and is n't really seen as european . 
  that 's a shame though because i do n't feel we are that dissimilar . 
  i also think that europe 's common identity is the best trait of my german identity . 
  if you ever need help with german , feel free to message . 
  i completely second you . 
  i 'm german so i do n't really know what it 's like to be outside of the eu but i also now think of myself as european more than german and i like the idea that we are connected by common values and open borders . 
  i tend to agree with this . 
  i know that legally she made the better decision but i would have liked to see her defend b\u00f6hmermann a little too . 
  erdogan tries to involve himself too much , especially with the whole extra 3 affair , when he has no right to intervene in our domestic affairs , including cultural aspects . 
  so yes , by all means , he should sue b\u00f6hmermann as an ordinary citizen but he should not obtain the privileges of a better remedy through that other section . 
  former kfc binger here , can confirm . 
  this . 
  i think something similar happened in germany in a migrant home . 
  someone was murdered and someone drew a swastika on the door . 
  everyone thought it was a neonazi attack . 
  however , turns out the victim 's friend killed him and drew the swastika to deflect attention away from him . 
  it could also be some guy who just wanted to kill the guard but then stole the badge to deflect attention . 
  that 's at least a relief . 
  still i think the process should be much more drawn out than a simple recommendation . 
  do you know if the act excludes procedural fairness ? 
  that does n't mean the minister can do anything he/she likes . 
  i also do n't know what your implication is about `` my country '' because i 'm german-australian . 
  the democracy i live in has three arms of government : the legislature , the executive and the judiciary . 
  this is to ensure that no branch 's power is unchecked and therefore all branches have to interact with and regulate one another . 
  if the government wanted to for example legalize drugs , the legislature would pass a bill , the executive would assent to the bill and then if the act was unconstitutional , the judiciary can strike it down . 
  by vesting significant decision power in a lone minister , you 're evading this carefully constructed system of checks and balances , which opens up the possibility for that decision power to be abused . 
  especially with something significant like a citizen 's citizenship , there should be significant checks and balances in place to ensure that this power is only exercised when absolutely justified . 
  the fact that in australia this is n't the case is very undemocratic . 
  one of the cornerstones of a democracy is accountability . 
  part of this is a citizen 's ability to question authority and seek remedies for actions that adversely affect a citizen 's rights or interests . 
  in australia , questioning a minister 's decision usually comes under administrative law . 
  it may be possible that a former citizen could seek judicial review for the loss of their citizenship if this has not been specifically excluded in the relevant act . 
  if judicial review can not be sought , there is no doubt that this is entirely undemocratic . 
  however even with judicial review , this power is still extremely unchecked and in my view impermissible as it currently stands . 
  you 're awesome . 
  thanks for that comprehensive link . 
  you 're leaving out important aspects . 
  what australia does is allow a minister to decide whether you lose your citizenship or not without warning . 
  that 's entirely undemocratic . 
  it would make much more sense if loss of a citizenship was decided by a court of law where the citizen was able to represent their interests too . 
  no it does n't because what australia does is allow a minister to decide whether you lose your citizenship or not without warning . 
  that 's entirely undemocratic . 
  it would make much more sense if loss of a citizenship was decided by a court of law where the citizen was able to represent their interests too . 
  indigenous australians are severely disadvantaged . 
  there are plenty of women in parliament but only men receive leadership positions in the parties due to , guess what , only men receiving them . 
  your last question does n't make sense because i very clearly stated in my comment several times that quotas are a short term solution to address the inequality in the workplace . 
  you have proposed no other solution proposed besides waiting it out which has clearly not worked for 50 years now . 
  because as we have seen with women with ministry portfolios , women have been politically involved for more than half a century , yet somehow women are still not adequately represented . 
  sticking your head in the sand and saying that if women or men do n't deserve jobs they are not offered is ignoring the fact that jobs , as demonstrated by my post , are not solely handed out on merit but also based on inherent prejudices in the field such as `` men are more likely to molest my child '' and `` women are more likely to take time off . '', 
  instead of challenging anything i have said you merely chose to repeat your previously made up mind . 
  that 's me , 
  thanks so much . 
  i appreciate your comment and being open minded . 
  yeah but say you think quotas are a good idea , get down voted on principle . 
  people ignore that this problem exists . 
  have you read my long comment ? 
  i have reason to support them . 
  you have literally ignored everything i said in that comment . 
  i think it 's a good idea . 
  here in australia there definitely is prejudice against men in nursing or child care . 
  i honestly do n't understand that mindset you talk about because i do n't feel that way about indigenous australians in my law degree or at my job . 
  if there is an issue you personally have with quotas , that is something you need to deal with internally for yourself . 
  however i do n't see how anyone 's feelings invalidate the fact that men are looked over for positions involving children or that women are under represented in trades or were in the australian parliament until turnbull took over from abbott . 
  quotas are a short term but effective solution to get to a point where equality does not have to be enforced anymore because there will be sufficient men/women/minorities in leadership positions or in the field so that the obstacle to entering the field for that group is drastically reduced . 
  our parliament is a good example . 
  women are allowed to vote for more than half a century now and yet our majority party * more than 50 years later * only had * one * woman carrying a portfolio although there were * plenty of qualified women available . 
  * this is a fact and is not disputed . 
  naturally , this caused outrage and started a discussion over the need for quotas . 
  when abbott finally lost the support of his own party and turnbull replaced him , the ministers were reshuffled and finally women were given some leadership positions . 
  however without the pressure from the outside , this would not have happened . 
  furthermore , i work in law and study law and we have had barristers come to us including directors on the boards of some barrister chambers . 
  they all , including the men , said that the presence of women in leading positions needs to be enforced , because of the inherent prejudice that exists , ie women will take time off or will refuse to be called into work around the clock later in life , and it harms women 's prospects in obtaining promotions . 
  moving on to indigenous australians . 
  the number of indigenous australians graduating year 12 is ridiculously low . 
  from off the top of my head it is something far less than 50 % . 
  therefore there are virtually no indigenous australians in most professions . 
  this makes it difficult for indigenous australians to obtain positions and it could also adversely affect their career goals because they might believe that breaking into their preferred field will be too difficult . 
  quotas are a short term solution but are more effective than waiting another 50-100 years for the problem to sort itself out . 
  australia . 
  i think it 's just a matter of recognizing that a certain gender might be disadvantaged entering into a certain field . 
  like women in trades professions or men in child care for example . 
  mind you i live in au so i do n't quite know what the situation is like in europe exactly but from what i 've seen here in au i think it 's sometimes very necessary . 
  i live in au so i do n't get what you are referring to . 
  yeah sure . 
  i am a woman and i have no problem with it . 
  unlike any other field you mean ? 
  seriously though , in professions where one gender is traditionally under represented , quotas hold merit in my opinion . 
  i also support quotas for men in elementary school teaching or nursing for example . 
  edit : downvote for quality , not content . 
  i just said this yesterday and got corrected like fuck . 
  apparently i am not donald trump . 
  i do n't know why you 're telling me this because i agree it 's not fair on you either . 
  this is why i think a europe wide quota would have been fairer . 
  germany has proven that they have entirely lost control with the influx and it 's not fair on any country to bear the brunt when quasi all of europe is a signatory to the refugee convention . 
  also , austria may not have border facilities anymore but you do have the right to reject applicants for country shopping . 
  any applicants would have had to pass through a multitude of states before arriving in austria and austria should not be ashamed to point that out . 
  furthermore , as far as i 'm aware , morocco and algeria have agreed to take back rejected applicants . 
  yes i am aware of that too . 
  a lot of refugees are country shopping which is actually not permitted under the convention . 
  however practically this has not really been addressed which surprises me .
