  but my cousin is coming to visit next friday and he 's good with locks we 'll have some wodka to celebrate and then try to get in there , i 'll totally text you when we have something , ok ? 
  jesus guys , what in going on in your government ? 
  imma need you to stop fucking around and appointing crazy people . 
  those swole wrestlers look nordic as fuck, 
  not as worthless as poland tho . 
  enforcing appropriate conduct in the highest assembly of the eu is pc tyranny for you ? 
  i knew all poles were subhuman retards, 
  i see you have not been watching the news lately, 
  80k does n't really seem high for a country of 143 million, 
  huge ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  wow , literally * dozens * of people , incredible, 
  if we go that way , every single leader in human history is a murderer . 
  context matters . 
  do n't you dare drag rich evans into this, 
  it 's a shitty law without question but i plead hanlon 's razor on this one . 
  it was probably written to appease the orthodox lobby . 
  look at this case : it 's an online personal feud taken too far , not evil government silencing critics . 
  i dunno man , sometimes a cigar is just a cigar and not a conspiracy . 
  russian internet is among the filthiest out there , people bash the church and putin all the time . 
  this guy was not special , he did n't offend important people . 
  just a glitch int he system maybe . 
  while the situation is indeed unnecessary and as much a result of retarded laws as of a kafkaesque judicial machine that lacks nuance in the application of those , the nbc page is also a bit misleading . 
  it makes it appear like mighty tsar putin ordered this guy 's arrest because he said there was no god . 
  in fact , he was sued by two guys whom he faced in an * euphoric * internet atheism vs. orthodox slapfight . 
  they then doxxed him and filed a complaint with the local pd on the grounds of a religious hate crime . 
  the following `` investigation '' was a clusterfuck of idiocy , which leads to today . 
  this though is a showcase for the ineptitude of the local judicial system , not some of shady big brother machinations of the kgb . 
  what problems are they bringing that will make living together impossible ? 
  extremism ? 
  any isis extremist can legally board a plane or drive a car and come to the eu as a tourist and blow shit up . 
  conservative values ? 
  that is where education and law enforcement without pc bullshit kicks in . 
  remember , assimilation mostly happens in the second generation , the first generation will always live like in the old country and as long as laws are obeyed , who cares . 
  if people stop bitching and invest money in education and police , shit will work . 
  do you think that there is physically not enough room or infrastructure for these people ? 
  germany has half the population density of the netherlands and everything is fine in the netherlands . 
  what exactly is `` winning '' for you ? 
  or like bureaucrats, 
  you know what 's really funny to me ? 
  all the conservative cunts that were in favor of rescuing the failed banks in 2008 and paid 350 billion euros ( in germany alone ) in order to save those assholes are now protesting spending money on * real people * . 
  refugees cost germany approx . 
  10 billion per year so far . 
  did germany go broke after 2008 ? 
  no and it wo n't this time . 
  and a new entity can not be absorbed by a larger entity ? 
  you do realize that the eu houses 507 million people , do you ? 
  yes . 
  much like the fearmongers in this subreddit who say that 3.6 million people will ruin germany . 
  paying 350 billion euros to the fucking failed banks did n't ruin germany so people need to calm the fuck down . 
  everyone was so happy when half the middle east went to shit that they started arming all sorts of `` rebels '' . 
  now comes the price of that . 
  you ca n't really fix it now . 
   dramatically really ? 
  nobody knows what the fuck they are talking about and still everyone feels the need to be concerned . 
  that 's why nobody 's happy . 
   get only those that in highest need in eu , like orphans , really sick , single mothers with many children . 
  then get eu jobs to those that can fit and contribute . 
  it is that simple . 
  really . 
  and who will employ the 500000 bureaucrats needed for such highly selective and nearly impossible vetting ? 
  how do you recognize an orphan , sick person or single mother at the border ? 
  because they tell you so ? 
  oh let 's go to the syrian citizen archive and find all the birth certificates !, 
  what do you mean it has been destroyed ? 
  because they are rich as fuck . 
  why ? 
  how do you know ? 
  i actually researched that shit . 
  [ here ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/157440/umfrage/auswanderung-aus-deutschland/ ) is a study on emigration from germany . 
  a peak can be seen in 2014 ( 2015 data is not available yet ) . 
  however , if you look at the numbers of * german * emigrants [ here ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/2534/umfrage/entwicklung-der-anzahl-deutscher-auswanderer/ ) it looks a lot less dramatic . 
  adding to that [ this statistic ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/77062/umfrage/auswanderung-aus-deutschland-nach-ziellaendern/ ) which shows where people are heading to , it becomes clear that this situation is mostly immigrants going back home to poland , romania and so forth . 
  long story short , trump talking shit as usual . 
  on the other hand , `` people leaving germany '' , what a load of crap, 
  technically , that is not an ad hominem . 
  til i have no game compared to even the average . 
  how about we read that again , shall we ? 
   `` foreigners can not be integrated into german society . 
  which means that integration is impossible altogether . 
  which is , of course , absolute nonsense not worth arguing against . 
  you misrepresent his words , make a straw man and get angry at what you want him to have said , which is kinda retarded . 
  i 'm frankly tired of being downvoted and arguing with retards with a black and white worldview that they got from reddit and put words in my mouth , assuming i subscribe to some ideology that they hate and have to counter . 
  i have shit to do instead of arguing with a dozen of people . 
  so you whine about hypocrisy . 
  secession is illegal in russia . 
  joining russia is not . 
  crimea seceded ( with some help ) from the ukraine and joined russia . 
  they were not bound by russian law then . 
  russia and crimea were not breaking their own laws , no hypocrisy there . 
  whether that particular law is cool or not is a separate argument which you failed to make . 
  i suggest you write a wall of text on the theory of nation states and why secession should be legal but somehow i do n't think you are a law scholar . 
  see , i am no big fan of what happened either and a transparent democratic process would be my number one preference either . 
  but expressing even the slightest dissent or trying to have a nuanced worldview is impossible here . 
  reddit is an echochamber by design . 
  if you do n't toe the party line 100 % , you will be branded a shill and downvoted . 
   how can the citizens of crimea be asked to separate in its favour because they were not part of russia before , thus not obliged to follow russian law . 
  there has been a referendum . 
  hypocrisy may be a great point to whine about on the internet . 
  realpolitik from a state 's point of view however apparently takes a big dump on that .
