  `` what europe will look like , once the ice caps have melted '' ** ftfy **, 
  i am in germany right now ( though i am russian ) and all i see on youtube are disgusted comments from germans ( i guess youtube detects geolocation ) . 
  it 's easy to paint russians as bogeymen but seriously , i also barely know any homophobic people or any putin supporters . 
  most are just indifferent . 
  if you really are trying to equate the soviet regime to the nazi regime , you need to seek medical attention . 
  or go to school . 
  well , being brave on the internet is different from actually living in russia . 
  i 'm sure you risk your life everyday , protesting against the transgressions of the all powerful oranje-nassau monarchy , but in russia people have families to feed , jobs to work and and loved ones to not want to lose . 
  they are not willing to put their life and freedom on the line because of some shit going down in a different country . 
  also , lots of misinformation on the news . 
  yea , let 's make all russians everywhere responsible for what putin is doing . 
  i dont care for putin , this shit is just not funny because it has nothing to do with him . 
  this is just retarded . 
  hey do n't try to be reasonable . 
  this is a circlejerk . 
  their rhetoric is sure confrontational enough . 
  i am amazed at all the armchair politicians here calling for war . 
  do you realize what real war would mean here in europe ? 
  jesus christ people these are people 's lives . 
  of course the americans do n't care , they did n't have a war in their fucking homes in a while . 
  i think we do need some deescalation though . 
   russian people high on imperialism wow , what a precise assesment , you must have a phd or something . 
  yeah imma need yall mafuckas to calm down . 
  aint gun be no invasion down in this bitch . 
  ukraine aint no ossetia . 
  these monuments are meaningless , even in russia . 
  this is simple vandalism . 
  destroying them will accomplish nothing . 
  like all the corrupt pricks are gon na go `` oh shit , the statue is gone !, 
  welp , lets pack our stuff and go '' . 
  what they need to be doing is hanging corrupt maggots on lamp posts but hey , whatever makes a homyachok happy these days . 
  it is a national treasure that must be protected at all times . 
  [ you 're safe with us , bro ] ( https://1-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/vp/image/1386/13/1386134800245.png ), 
  oh stop with the baltic victim complex already . 
  23 years later , everybody still blames the russians for everything , this is ridiculous . 
  yep , also sometimes the saved map disappears from memory . 
  there were times when i wanted to smash my fucking phone . 
  `` oh , you downloaded this 90mb map of an african city where you 'll get lost in 3 minutes without a map ? 
  sorry brah , i think you 're gon na have to do without me on this one '' fuck . 
  when i backpacked in morocco , offline google maps were my main help . 
  before you get to a new city , download its map on the hostel 's wifi . 
  it almost always worked unless google maps went full retard and forgot the saved map which happened more than once . 
  yeah i stopped using roaming after paying 25 $ for a picture i uploaded to facebook . 
  the whole roaming price sceme renders all of the awesome google services useless . 
  google goggles for example is most useful abroad and that 's when i ca n't use it . 
  fuck roaming , seriously . 
  reddit is full of fucktards . 
  do n't confuse it with real life . 
  how do you objectively classify a mindset for deportation purposes though ? 
  how do you objectively say : `` your mindset is too fucked up '' ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  who draws it ? 
  if they commit no felonies , you have no way of legally ascertaining their attitude . 
  and freedom of speech still applies , even if you say `` christians are fucking scum '' . 
  fuck yeah , global warming finally pays off !, 
  the article you provided says that it was the south ossetian forces that did this . 
  also , military presence in foreign territories is nothing that other countries do n't do . 
  all those areas were having ethnic separatist movements and conflicts thet were worsened by the collapse of the soviet union . 
  russia has had little hand in it except preventing more bloodshed . 
  ossetian separatists have been fighting over there since 1990 . russia came in to help and quickly withdrew afterwartd . 
  no invasion , no occupation . 
  oh really ? 
  aside from the ukraine situation , what would those `` numbers '' be ? 
  and this interview was n't with putin . 
  it was a spokesperson for the supreme court , so a nobody really . 
  since none of y' all ca n't read the source and uanews convenienly chose no to mention it : this will have no legal repercussions . 
  the russian `` supreme court '' said it will concider the political scope of the situation and questioning the legality of states would definitely go too far . 
  all they are doing is reviewing old documents . 
  calm your tits , children . 
  edit : also , `` russia said '' in this case is some guy . 
  a spokesperson for the court , te be precise . 
  so no , putin wo n't come for you to eat your kids just yet , this is bureaucrats being bureaucrats . 
   that 's , basically , one of the dominating traits of the russian national character . 
  you judge the character of 143 million people on what a couple shitheads write on the internet ? 
  that 's very childish and closeminded . 
  not a single person i know irl has this mentality . 
  some are pro west , some are anti west , but not a single one has a victim complex . 
  in fact , most people just do n't give a fuck . 
  anyone under 40 stays the fuck away from the tv . 
  they also do n't post on reddit . 
  also , i have never heard `` russophobia '' used irl by someone who is not a media person . 
  edit : also , the choice of `` versteher '' is very interesting , which is why i posted in the first place . 
  not `` fan '' , not `` anh\u00e4nger '' , not even `` apologet '' . 
  they took a positive term and flipped it on its head by associating it with putin . 
  when a guy tries to mug me in the street , i understand why , he wants my shit . 
  still does n't make it right and i will try to punch him in the face . 
  same with putin . 
  many paint him a crazed ego driven maniac who controls everything . 
  he 's most likely not . 
  i 'd say it 's important to understand him , even if it 's so much easier to circlejerk over dumb yellow press theories . 
  but hey , people like easy answers to everything , because they do n't require you to question your shitty beliefs . 
  edit : i like how i got suddenly downvoted everywhere . 
  enjoying your special olympics , guys ? 
  no , it was because the asshole that i was replying to did n't bother to read my post ( i said twice that i am no fan of putin ) and called me a shill putin bot instead and went on to generalize all russians ( just like you did , how nice ) . 
  i 'd wager that would n't have happened without my flair . 
  also , you missed my point . 
  the exact choice of `` versteher '' is what makes it such a shitty expression . 
  you got ta read german press to understand what i mean . 
   apology show me exactly where i justified putins actions . 
  such cute trolling , aww,
