  this is where tu quoque is not a fallacy . 
  these are all problems that most countries are fighting with and you naming them as something that will make putin come get you in your sleep does absolutely not adress the issue . 
  crimea was not annexed , crimea voted . 
  russian nationalists are not annexing anyone , they are busy organizing hate speeches . 
  the estonian abduction is a he said she said situation , but of course you already decided what happened . 
   dictatorship no , more like oligarchy . 
  putin is not alone in this . 
   homophobia yeah , putin will come and put polish gays in prison . 
  also , poles are among the most homophobis eu citizens i ever met . 
  also , it 's a domestic issue , not a foreign relations issue . 
   xenophobia show me one country in the world without xenophobia . 
  besides , people who travelled russia pretty much say that they felt welcome and i met a lot of those . 
   ultra-nationalism again , right wing assholes are a trend in europe right now . 
  also , what does it matter to poland if some retards in russia beat up foreigners ? 
   annexations source pls . 
   kidnappings aside from one person that may or may not have been kidnapped ( proof ? ), 
  what else you got ? 
  that 's a real threat to world peace lol . 
   assassinations again , domestic issue  piracy lolwut ? 
   nuclear threats are you insane ? 
  i recall the recent debt celing crisis , also the us has debt in the size of 74 % of gdp . 
  that 's pretty massive . 
  the masstricht criterium for eu members is 60 % . 
  i 'm no economist but it think that 's not very good . 
  i get that irrational hatred of gypsies and muslims because they are elements within european countries that people perceive as disruptive and have negative experinces with ( i.e `` i 've been mugged by a gypsy '' ) . 
  russia however is a distant country and the hatred is solely fueled by media and remnants of the cold war mentality , not real experiences because most people probably have never been to russia or met any real russian . 
  so that makes it kinda worse . 
  we 're defending russia , not the russian government . 
  i 'm advocating the peaceful change of government , not fucking revolution . 
  i do n't get the jump from `` putin is a dick who controls way too much '' to `` let 's ruin the country all over again , why are the russian people not on the streets killing and pillaging ? 
  are they such putinfags ? '', 
  do you actually realize what a revolution means ? 
  when even such a minor region as donezk fucking explodes when given a reason , imagine what would happen is the whole of russia were engulfed in revolution . 
  the us prison system is basically modern slavery . 
  yet i see people rightfully advovating reform instead of `` hang that slaver scum and the politicians that support it '' . 
  reasonable arguments , people , we need reasonable arguments not teenage rage and angst . 
  despots need to be dethroned . 
  a revolution and subsequent lawlessness in a country as huge and as centralized as russia would be a bloodbath . 
   i really hope a revolution breaks out in russia i really do n't , what 's wrong with you ? 
  look at the recent revolutions and how many people died there . 
  russian revolution would be pretty fucking bloody as well because the hate has been building up for 20 years now . 
  the 90s of course were a cool time for the west to write awesome songs and movies while gangs and corruption ruled most of russia . 
  peaceful transition is the only way . 
  of course , living in tiny peaceful ass belgium it 's easy to hope for revolutions at someone else 's doorstep . 
  `` iraq and vietnam were n't stable '' top kek . 
  vietnam was gaining independence from the french and falling into communist hands and indochina was slipping out of western control and thus changing sides in the cold war . 
  this is the biggest reason for the vietnam war . 
  and wut , iraq was unstable ? 
  jeez i wonder what happened after it was `` made more stable '' ? 
  oh yeah , isis happened . 
  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af you may wan na hit wikipedia and educate yourself , son . 
  where is the genocide , where is the female oppression , where is the oppressive religious doctrine ? 
  lgbt rights and corruption are true though . 
  jesus , i ca n't believe racism gets upvoted to the top here . 
  i get the hatred for russian government but `` we hate russians '' gets applause ? 
  what a pathetic subreddit . 
  sorry , i rephrased the old bible quote : `` why do you see the speck that is in your brother 's eye , but do not notice the log that is in your own eye ? '', 
  yeah europe and the us have brilliant foresight . 
  things are going swimmingly in the middle east and in the european union , amirite ? 
  also the us does not have any debt or problems whatsoever . 
  this is / r/europe aka the big anti russia circlejerk . 
  not that the russian government does n't deserve criticism ( yes it does ) but the things that get said here ... i 'm often unable to distinguish between stupidity , ignorance or plain insanity . 
  dae putin gon na invade the world tomorrow ? 
  one does often see the splinter in the other 's eye while missing the tree branch in one 's own eye . 
   which is just untrue since we are one of the most pro-eu countries since we can actually see the money flow in and we also hate russians with a deep passion . 
  wow , you are actually proud of your hatred of russians ? 
  i know , right ? 
  i wonder where all the irrational fear comes from . 
  everything is gon na be ok . 
  yeah suvorov is n't an authority on anything . 
  much of his stuff is made up . 
  well , hemorrhoids are a bit of a pain in the ass . 
  ok we 're done . 
  you 're not even trying anymore . 
  2 + 2 = 4 . all cases where you calculate 2 + 2 will result in 4 . but are all cases of 4 = 2 + 2 ? 
  maybe also 4 = 3 + 1 ? 
  logical and mathematical are two big words , try not to have them confused . 
   the two things on either side of the equal to sign are equal . 
  that means that germans are white ( correct ) , but also that whites are german ( incorrect , and i never said that ) . 
  basic logic . 
  1 . cats = mammals . 
  all cats are mammals . 
  are all mammals cats ? 
  and i never said they were . 
  2 . all germans are white ? 
  incorrect . 
   how you become a real german then 1 . 
  be a part of the western european genetic heritage . 
  fine , you did n't say `` white '' . 
  does n't matter tho . 
  talkin about `` genetic requirements for being a real german '' qualifies you as a retard or a troll . 
  i do n't even need to discuss semantics with you . 
  1 . yes . 
  2 . you said german = white 3 . pol . 
  democracy 4 . i never implied those things . 
  5 . you can be a white somali pirate , why not . 
  6 . have a nice evening , troll . 
  you can become whatever the fuck you want by living there long enough . 
  well , technically only your kids will be the real citizens , you will always feel different there . 
  being white = / = being german , you racist retard .
