  skin color is not nationality . 
  cultural values and ideology are . 
  and if by eradicating german nationality means to rid country of people like you then yes , gladly . 
  we do n't need you here . 
  i 'd prefer a country full of nice brown to yellowish germans than full of white potatohead racist faggots . 
  gtfo . 
  go to somalia and become a pirate , arrg, 
   how you become a real german then 1 . 
  be a part of the western european genetic heritage . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  dey took our jerrbs !, 
  because mentioning the ussr is very , very uncomfortable for some . 
  people might get offended because of historical facts , you know . 
  it 's like saying voldemorts name these days , jeez . 
  tell me about it , ruhrgebiet ( germany ) has the worst fucking winters . 
  snow that fell during night melts during day ( +2 \u00b0 c ) and forms icy sludge . 
  the town authorities put salt on ice every morning . 
  at 2 pm you are waddling through salty ice porridge and cursing the world . 
  i 'm from from russia and i swear to god , dry -25 winters are way , way better than the shitty damp grey hell that i have to endure in this country . 
  otherwise it 's great tho, 
   icy winters with snow , fresh and bloomy spring , hot summers ( please < 32 \u00b0 c ) , colourful and windy and cloudy autumn . 
  i never want to miss that here . 
  i see you are bavarian , you lucky bastard . 
  as someone currently residing in bochum , i wish we had seasons . 
  there was no snow last winter , only endless grey as far as the eye can see . 
  also , temp ranging from -2 to +3, 
  well , as far as i know it is still kind of debated how profitable slave labor really was , but i believe thet the consensus is that it indeed was and surely , a couple millions of disposable cotton pickers did not hurt american economy at the time and made plantation owners pretty damn wealthy . 
  without american aid germany still would be a shithole after wwii . 
  without natural resources ( oil ) norway would be a shithole . 
  without slave labor the united states would be a couple of years behind everyone . 
  without colonization and centuries of slaughter of brown people the british empire would never have existed . 
  shall we continue ? 
  also , if you have no idea how life is in russia , shut your face . 
  no , you were correct . 
  unfortunately , having a russian flair gets you downvoted . 
  truth does n't matter when feels are involved . 
  i feel really ignorant when i catch myself having prejudices against muslims . 
  but then i see this shit and really struggle to view islam as the peaceful relegion it is supposed to be . 
  if islam and violence do n't go together , how come these people have gained so much support ?? 
  the fuck man, 
  i thought some shitty journalists made the connection ? 
  being anti gay , reactionary conservative christian dicks . 
  oh that excuses you from intelligent discussion , then , of course . 
  how old are you , 15 ? 
  if they try to rob russian women of their heels , civil war is pretty much guaranteed . 
  they will nuke the kremlin . 
  well , these have been just proposals by some of the more retarded individuals , no ? 
  russian sources , even echo moskvy , the most prolific opposition website are not saying anything . 
  they would 've jumped on that shit in a second . 
  i 'm sorry , i guess that was uncalled for . 
  still true though . 
  the anti russia circlejerk irritates me because it 's all that is happening in this subreddit now when russia is mentioned . 
  being on reddit ( or understanding english even ) and voting for putin are two mutually exclusive things . 
  unfortunately , people from the heartland have quite different views than big city hipsters with a college degree . 
  the ideological divide is enormous . 
  i always wonder , why in the name of jebus would you vote republican in the us . 
  well , we got the same people here voting vor putin and his `` stability '' . 
  also , the lack of better candidates ( giant douche or turd sandwich ? ) . 
  same shit , different country . 
  they achieved irrelevance all by themselves . 
  they are still guilty of unwarranted hyperbole . 
  the whole article stinks of sensationalism , is what i am trying to say . 
  and reddit is more than happy to provide the circlejerk once the ignition spark has been delivered . 
  keeping a clear head in these shitty times is of utmost importance for us and sensationalist journalism stands in the way of that . 
  my god , all those prizes and they still fail to cite sources . 
  the article is very misleading and outdated , did any of you guys read it before starting the anti-russia circlejerk ? 
  `` curb civil society '' ? 
  having ngos register as foreign agents in case of foreign funding has been in the works for ages now and does not involve humanitarian organizations . 
  i really do n't like putin and the current government , but when an article is published by the `` christian science monitor '' , i at least want direct sources before i believe it . 
  i followed some of the sources , they just cite other news websites that in turn cite other news websites which just say `` well , we kinda heard that lacy panties are banned now '' . 
  does anyone have any legit sources on the laws in question , preferably in russian ? 
   maybe it 's one of better ones in russia . 
  coming from chelyabinsk and having friends in perm , i can confirm that yes , it is . 
  living in germany , there are only 3 summer months when we are allowed to see color outside . 
  the other 9 months i 'm always unsure what time of day ( night ? ), 
  it might even be because it 's dim gray sky 8am to 8 pm . 
  i even needed to buy a therapy light to replenish my vitamin d. also , living in the ruhrgebiet , the building are so grey , they often just merge with the sky . 
  all in all a depressing experience . 
  that 's why beer was invented . 
  it 's supposed to be a lot cheaper to produce than foreign trams . 
  also , just be glad that for once , shit gets done in this country ( although i am afraid to think how much kickback money sank in private pockets over this ) . 
  when our shitty gas station based economy makes little baby steps towards innovation , it 's good news . 
  fuck putin and fuck his buddies , but come on , it 's better that nothing . 
  a badly constructed nuclear reactor does n't always blow up . 
  but when it does , everybody 's fucked . 
  yeah or go to libya . 
  i heard it 's beautiful in spring , when the corpse hills start to bloom, 
  the us has a little more than twice the population of russia . 
  yet they spend 8 times more money in military . 
  even the per capita argument is crap . 
  russia is always bad cause fuck russia , amirite ? 
   russians are like reek from game of thrones . 
  it is in \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f \u0434\u0443\u0448\u0430 , it omits rational and does not try to understand what it wants , just feels \u0442\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0430 if there is no \u0433\u043e\u0440\u0435 . 
  it does not clearly know what it wants , but wants it big . 
  when it is time to stand by a principle , there is no strength . 
  easily given promises and almost never a word kept . 
  arrogance and no respect . 
  sadomasochist submissiveness to a tyrant , because secretly every one dreams to be the next tyrant , even harsher than the one before , but when they can they never will , they can not see themselves without their lords , like very eloquently put in here [ 1 ] . 
  you need so seek medical attention , friend . 
  so nobody knows exactly what happened ... better blame the russians .
