and maybe this article is bullshit . 
   the police are corrupt and inefficient . 
  of course this is going to lead to a rise in vigilantism vs. a perceived and/or real threat . 
  caucasians are often involved in organized crime and standing up to them and attempting to arrest one will lead to revenge and the policeman in question is definitely risking hsi life and health . 
  of course this is the fault of a shitty and corrupt investigation of organized crime , but the individual officers are often simply helpless . 
   this happens in many countries and it works both ways . 
  still does n't excuse the immigrants in any way . 
  this guy knows what 's up . 
  10/10 can confirm . 
  jesus , is russia is literally * hell on earth * , why not go back to the ivory coast ? 
  i 'm sure a black man is pretty safe in africa or even america . 
  oh wait ... now i 'm sad . 
  zero action ? 
  i 'd say the sanctions have been pretty effective so far if we can trust the current predictions for russian economy . 
  also , the reaction has been quite strong . 
  not a day goes by that the baltics along with poland do n't ask for help because they are afraid putin comes for them next . 
  every other week an article headlines international media , dealing with how putin has a big ego and a small dick and a rusty economy or something along those lines . 
  and this argument `` yeah the western coalition fucked up some wars and brought thugs and extremists to power , but hey , at least we did n't annex those countries ! '', 
  gets repeated pretty often . 
  i do n't see how it matters , aside from the obvious standpoint of international law . 
  if i were a citizen of egypt , i 'd be pretty mad right now . 
  there used to be a corrupt president but now they have sharia law . 
  they went from bad to way worse . 
  how great for all the women , gays and people with more than two braincells . 
  and the worst thing about this : either the western leaders did n't know who they were supporting or they did n't care . 
  i do n't know which version is worse . 
  the west set a precedent in that time that you can do whatever the fuck you want if you want it bad enough , while putin was protesting on the sidelines . 
  and now europe likes to present itself as the peaceful incorporation of innocence but come on , that is just not true . 
  and while i disagree with the annexation of crimea and the whole ukraine situation , i wish people in the west were a little more self-conscious and realized that the world where putin does what he wants because he believes in the right of the strongest was created by their own hands . 
  aw shucks , it 's so fun to see you frothing at a simple question . 
  no need to lose your temper though . 
  the arab rebels are related in so far as that the west massively supported them , calling them `` freedom fighters '' and dropping bombs on kaddafi 's head . 
  nobody gave a shit that they were power hungry islamists mixed with various mercs from saudi arabia and other shady factions . 
  and now look how great that turned out for the libyan people , they are an islamic emirate now . 
  now russia is supporting a rebellion that it 's interested in and everyone loses their shit , `` the red menace returns '' . 
  this is hypocricy in its finest form . 
  the west can do whatever the fuck they want to brown people , but if russia , who has a comparatively clean record for the last decades when it comes to foreign involvement , tries to influence what used to be its territory 20 years ago and is culturally still russian , they call it `` invasion '' and the shit hits the fan . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a friend of putin and his whole deal ( i fucking hate that i always need to state that ) , but this whole situation and the way it 's reported is way misrepresented . 
  already corrected . 
  these subs are very similar when it comes to uneducated overreaction , forgive me . 
  the nato is n't shitting its pants though . 
  they just report the data . 
  they said it 's nothing unusual . 
  but people in this thread are freaking the fuck out . 
  the red scare is back in this motherfucka like it 's 1956 again . 
  and let me ask a hypothetical querstion : nobody invaded the ukraine . 
  while there may be russian soldiers there , the seperatist movement originated in the ukraine . 
  * ukrainians * started this shit . 
  while the west has supported rebels in libya , egypt etc. , what 's wrong with russia supporting their rebels of choice ? 
  read the previous comment . 
  international airspace . 
  nothing was violated . 
  it 's hilarious seeing everybody shitting their collective pants over this , especially teenagers from poland and the baltics . 
  but this is / r/europe , a kneejerk circlejerk , aint nobody got time to research shit . 
  who in their right mind translated `` otechestvo '' as motherland when it * literally * means fatherland ? 
  otec = father . 
  many of today 's jews are descended from the askenazi jews who used to settle in central europe and in german territory . 
  hence their german last names and the yiddish language , a weird mixture of german and hebraic . 
  i 'm pretty fluent in german and i kinda understand some yiddish words . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm telling you and he probably should . 
  in that vein , the anti-putin side is also pretty damn rabid . 
  if you dare to make up your own mind without subscribing to all of their agenda , you are a vatnik retard and communist pawn with a slave mentality . 
  as i said , shit is really hitting the fan over here . 
  what i 'm telling you is that one should n't always confuse street thugs being street thugs with any political context without knowing wtf happened first and my experience tells me that this were probably 2 dumbfucks looking to cause trouble , no matter what the reason . 
   brainwashed `` patriots '' watch road rage videos from russia . 
  this has a reason , some people are really comfortable using vilence to settle disputes . 
  people often look for reasons to vent their anger . 
  seeing some anti government guy is very convenient because he 's 100 % not affiliated with cops or any influential people and that means there is little risk in trying to fuck with him and possibly mug him . 
  there need n't be any political motivation here . 
  it may be his fault for being the current president and czar . 
  of course , the whole political climate right now is far from good so that may have contributed because people are very divided on these issues . 
  however , the point i 'm trying to raise is that the tradition of violence unfortunately has a history here and some people really just need a reason to let out their anger , no matter what . 
  it 's naive to instantly link everything to putin without any insight on russian mentality . 
  some people just need an excuse to beat someone up , especially in russia . 
  it sucks but it 's true . 
  also , the general public frowns upon public display of idealism , no matter for which side . 
  probably remains of old soviet mentality , i do n't know . 
  i 'm not defending putin . 
  any form of loud political opinion has always been frowned upon in russia , long before the recent ukraine trouble . 
  10 or 15 years ago it may have been something else , but getting in trouble with strangers for publically stating your opinion unfortunately is an integral part of life here because to every opinion there will be violent supporters and opposers . 
  this may be remnants of soviet mentality , i do n't know . 
  but people generally do n't like others being all out there with public messages . 
  it does n't mean someone sent or paid them . 
  this is not an indicator of fascism , just a mentality difference . 
  if i go on the street and wave a flag supporting gays , a bunch of idiots will kick my ass . 
  if i wave a flag against gays , some other idiots will try the same ( probably not as many because there are less gay supporters but the violent percentage is always there , i swear ) . 
  that 's just part of life . 
  again , nobody here is from russia and you probably do n't care because this is an echo chamber . 
  sooo , 2 gopniks assault a guy , so it must be putin 's fault ? 
  jeezus . 
  if i wear a `` fuck nazis '' patch and get my ass kicked by 2 skinheads ( actually happened ) , is it still hitlers fault ? 
  or maybe just stupid people being stupid ? 
  if you have a football shirt and fans from the opposing team kick your ass ( happens all the time everywhere ) , whose fault is it ? 
  when in the us cops shoot another black guy , is it obamas fault ? 
  or maybe the local pd needs to weed out the shitty cops ? 
  putin has lots of support among the less literate people and the guy probably knew what he was getting into when he wrote that message on his car . 
  in fact i bet he speculated on the fact that he 'd get in trouble so he could generate some public reaction . 
  the point of the previous comment was : we are rightfulyl scared that russians will come and fuck up our country . 
  barely any of your criticisms explained that fear . 
  you people are afraid russia will come to poland/baltics because of fucking homophobia ?
