  yes , sadly . 
  kielbasa , and lest we forget , pierogi . 
  germans and greeks have been getting along quite well as of late , a future full of collaborative prospects awaits !, 
  apologetic , witty and unquestionably irreligious !, 
  sincerest apologies ... 
  maddening, 
  saddening ... 
  the states made that unsettling transition decades ago , i 've endured the brunt of mass-market consumerism my whole life . 
  are you familiar with the proverbial white american pre-sliced bread ? 
  eh , i 'd say you 're right . 
  electrons do however , provide it with a tangibility of sorts ... 
  i think ? 
  i really enjoy fresh , buttered bread . 
  it 's quite the german staple , is n't it ? 
  arguably the most `` palatable '' hehe ... 
  missed tim 's ama , a day that i 'll certainly never live down ... 
  algeria , now that certainly took me by surprise ... 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  how very kind !, 
  yup , prediction !, 
  and if so , all is well , i was simply curious ... 
  yup , i happen to agree . 
  we believe you !, 
  do n't fret man !, 
  in no particular order : 1 . 
  max planck 2 . 
  balkanization always carries its merits . 
  ah , right when we thought that this fiasco could n't get any better !, 
  you seem to have a habit of posting a lot of incendiary comments regarding poland , where do you hail from ? 
  i 've asked this numerous times before , but does the `` dumb-polack '' sentiment reside in your country ? 
  has it been steadily decreasing ? 
  hungarian thermal baths !, 
  has this attitude improved over the years ? 
  or perhaps , is it improving noticeably ? 
  is anti-polish sentiment still disseminated in germany ? 
  jokingly , of course ... 
  that 's quite surprising , i thought otherwise . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's very unsettling :(, 
  curious , does france happen to harbor the `` dumb-polack '' sentiment ? 
  ah , fair enough . 
  greece , we thank you for your kind efforts to make our lives a little easier !, 
  well , that was unexpected ... 
  ukip hates him : see how a man earns $ 10,000 a month working from home !, 
  absolutely abhorrent . 
  none of my relatives in poland harbor ill will towards romanians . 
  it 's an antiquated sentiment . 
  fair enough , and thank you for your personal anecdote ; it was very informative . 
  in addition , riddle me this : you claim to loathe right-wing extremists , and yet you make these dehumanizing quips about poles . 
  why ? 
  my grandparents endured the plight of german aggression 74 years ago ; for you to even compare both affairs is nothing short of reprehensible . 
  great , you 're a callous sociopath !, 
  and your accursed german nationalism came at the expense of millions of polish lives . 
  are you denying russia 's right to exist ? 
  albeit polish , i happen to agree with the lithuanian educational ministry on this matter . 
  it 's mildly punishing on tongue , but nevertheless remarkably concise . 
  perhaps i took this matter too far , my apologies . 
  you and your damned anti-polish sentiment . 
  after rummaging through your post history , it 's so glaringly evident . 
  you 're nothing short of a dim-witted , chest-bumping lithuanian patrio-tard . 
  phoenicia was still centralized in modern-day lebanon . 
  although i certainly agree , there was a lack of transitional continuity ( roman occupation ) . 
  the rightful successor to phoenicia . 
  pragmatic albeit self-destructive . 
  although frankly , americans ca n't tell the eu from a hole in the ground . 
  u/threefontstreet reply to this travesty of a comment plz . 
   besides , most russians are even dumber than most americans , easy to manipulate . 
  you have to be fucking kidding me . 
  traveled to poland a few years ago , arrived just in time to witness my uncle 's fiat 126p bis 's tires permanently integrate with the asphalt . 
  i 'll never forget when he hopelessly attempted to reverse that car out of its parking spot . 
  [ the statesman that poland deserves . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tumd-t0c6xa ), 
  a brilliant nation that once gave europe 's finest a run for their money , only to later be marred by decades of shit-stain sovietization . 
  here 's to a hasty recovery !, 
  pt is n't poland friend . 
  rescind all constitutional rights and replace present system of governance with a direct democracy . 
  * absolutely diabolical . 
  pirelli tires are hotly in demand this time of year !, 
  absolutely fucking abhorrent . 
  \u2611 nestl\u00e9 \u2611 swatch \u2611 large hadron collider \u2611 happiness, 
  charming . 
  man , the first one is too endearing . 
  unsurprisingly competitive score , mendeleev proud !, 
  marcus aurelius has risen to fight the parthian oppression once more !, 
  leechstein is but no russia y ? 
  why no big obese russia is on graph ? 
  native language : american wish to learn : english, 
  nope , was merely curious about the state of earthworms in other countries !, 
  rovio needs to release more angry birds installments statim !, 
  ~ ~ east coast americans ~ ~ mid atlantic americans, 
  perhaps our generation will be eye witness to a 21st century rendition of the pax romana !, 
  hey , i 'd love to have a younger [ nursultan nazarbayev ] ( http://imgur.com/avqu1qx ) drive me home !, 
  your reply in this context genuinely made me sad ... 
  very informative , greatly appreciated !, 
  what is hindering armenia 's economic development ? 
  soiled my american dungarees out of sheer fright . 
  hungary !, 
  the warthogs , our pride and joy . 
  fairchild republic 's first research and development center was established a stone 's throw away from my hometown . 
  unquestionably first world .
