  now , i am not claiming that it was not our fault ( it was . ), 
  and i do not claim that the political responsibility lies with the greek parliament and the greek voting base ( it does . ), 
  but often people do fail to see that it was the economic policy during the euro , both at home and abroad that got us where it did ( greece was doing more of less fine before 2001 ) and that the effects would be * a lot * less severe if there was not a global financial crisis at the time the thing blew up . 
  fair enough . 
  my main argument was that it is not obvious that the current situation is the best for greece . 
  i agree . 
   if greece left the eurozone , it would immediately default on all of its debts . 
  correct . 
   if a country defaults , then it is cut off from the international credit market , meaning it can not borrow any more money . 
  not really . 
  a lot of countries have defaulted in the past and they are doing pretty well now . 
   greece does not currently have a balanced budget ... a ) we supposedly had a surplus last year . 
  b ) even considering the worst case scenario ( that we could not pay for basics to keep the state afloat ) this would have lasted just a few months at best since having your own currency ( and being able to devalue it ) gives you control on how much the state costs . 
   the only thing keeping greece afloat is the fact that germany and france want it to stay in the eurozone , so keep feeding it euros to pay its debts . 
  see , that is where we disagree . 
  greece is afloat only in the eyes of the creditors and the eu . 
  with over 50 % unemployment for young people , a huge immigration wave , every second business closing etc. 
  if you were actually living in greece ( like i did before immigrating to germany ) you would hardly call it `` afloat . '', 
   the new greece currency would hyperinflate , but their debt would still be denoted in $ . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  if we were out of the eurozone we would not pay it back anyway . 
   the chance of them paying all of it back would basically drop to zero and the greek government would have to declare bankruptcy . 
  the chance of paying our debt back is still zero ( as is the chance for any country that has any significant debt , including germany . ), 
  when your debt is over 100 % of your gdp it is not possible to pay it back . 
   european ( mostly french and german ) creditors would certainly lose most of their money , but those governments would have the right to impound greek capital abroad which would put them in an economically isolated position . 
  uhm . 
  first of all , greece has not much ( if any ) capital abroad . 
  second , a country being bankrupt gives you no legal right to impound anything . 
   the way i see it , this is not simply not an option as everybody would be worse off . 
  it is not as clear cut as you are suggesting . 
  everyone would be worse off * assuming * that greeks want to stay in they euro . 
  if not , bankruptcy and devaluation would be far more preferable than years and years of austerity . 
  i would bet that we do n't call it `` macedonia '' though ... :p, 
  i think there would be the same amount of people applying for medical studies ( if not more ) if the wages were at the same level with all other professions ( no one said anything about getting paid * less * than other professions . ), 
  people who want to be doctors . . ? 
  ok . fair enough . 
   you said before the law , but voter fraud also is a crime - and in that case it would be a crime only for you . 
  if i commit voter fraud and you commit voter fraud we both will be punished all the same . 
   and no , the sentence wo n't necessarily be the same . 
  the russian or chinese ( not sure about you ) could be thrown out of the country as part of the punishment . 
  source ? 
  i am pretty sure no legal immigrant can be thrown out of the country ( unless he is being extradited for other crimes as well . ), 
  i thought we were talking about crime here . 
  if you commit a crime ( any crime ) and i commit the same crime and an immigrant from russia or china commits the same crime as well we will all have the same trial and the same sentence . 
  well , i am an immigrant in germany and i can not think of a law that applies to me differently that you . 
  well , ok . everyone * should * be equal in front of the law . 
  or do you disagree with that as well ? 
  i was under the impression that everyone is equal in front of our laws . 
  and i also was under the impression that when you commit a crime , rehabilitation should be the goal of your punishment . 
  the law is that way because someone can force you to be a prostitute against your will but no one can force you to use a prostitute against your will . 
  some quotes with positive scores right now :  * immigrants should operate under a one strike and you 're out . 
  if they 're not here to contribute positively they should be here at all . 
   * the non-criminal roma do n't identify as `` roma '' . 
   * and people still think we are the bad guys , `` discriminating '' against gypsies  * put it in your underpants [ your cell phone ] . 
  the roma may be thieves but they are n't rapists . 
  done . 
  sure . 
  yes but for that money you get one of the highest standards of living in the world . 
  i am going to analyze the situation here in germany , which is similar to that in austria : * an excellent health care system : people in other countries pay ** a lot ** of money to have the health care you are getting with your taxes and insurance money in germany . 
  on top of that you get excellent health care for all the other people around you as well who can not afford it on their own . 
  this means that you live in a healthier and happier society as a whole . 
  * a comprehensive education program for everyone . 
  schools are on par with private schools on many other countries . 
  public universities are among the best in the world ( most are either free or have a very low tuition . ), 
  * social service programs that take care of orphans , help single moms , keep people away from drugs etc. 
  * a salary in case you lose your job . 
  * one of the best systems of public transportation . 
  this ensures wider and faster access to workplaces thereby increasing productivity . 
  greater decentralization can be achieved like that as well , making your neighborhood more livable ( please note that even though you pay a ticket to use public transportation , most systems are still heavily subsidized . ), 
  * roads that are very safe and good quality . 
  less people die and people get to places faster . 
  * a clean environment that your kids will enjoy . 
  * a military to protect you from the evil french . 
  * a competent , public safety force ( police , fire brigade and civil protection . ), 
  and many more ... 
  yes , but they are techincally not tax . 
  i assume that the op asks about taxes so that he can compare between countries . 
  since some countries do not have mandatory insurace it would be difficult to compare those countries to germany if i just wrote what i pay for taxes plus mandatory insurance . 
  because the question was about taxes . 
  hessen , germany : about 28 % . 
  ( insurance and social security not included . ), 
  edit : with insurance and social security : about 38 % . 
  while you are right that they are pretty much useless in parliament , and while i disagree with them as well , kke does some things outside of the parliament that are influential . 
  first of all , is youth section ( kne ) was ( and in some extent , still is ) the place where most leftist-leaning greeks start out from . 
  then there is the massive attendance to demonstrations and it 's big influence on unions . 
  most countries can not `` pay '' their debts ( not even germany . ), 
  the problem arises when the economy thinks that you can not service your debts and does not loan you any more money . 
  greece : propapbly syriza ( leftist , main opposition of the current center-right goverment of nd ) , but not by a large margin . 
  it is not that simple . 
  it would be that simple if the goverment was composed from idependent politicians , but it is not . 
  it is composed from politicans who belong to a party . 
  where i come from ( a small city in the north ) we only elect one mp . 
  each party just lets one person run ( so that it does not split the vote ) so you are stuck with one person if you want to vote for x party . 
  you can not say `` i want to vote for the communists but this person is corrupt so i will vote for the other person . ), 
  there were two ruling parties while the corruption was taking place in greece . 
  new democracy ( nd ) and pasok . 
  then the crisis came and we decided that the corruption should go away ( why we waited until the crisis to say that will be left as an exercise to the reader . ), 
  what happened then is that [ some politicians were imprisoned ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akis_tsochatzopoulos ) and [ prosecuted ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagarde_list ) . 
  this created the illusion that the two ruling parties ( still nd and pasok , this time as a coalition ) were able to cleanse themselves from the inside . 
  you could ask : `` why vote for those parties anyway ?
