  ... but they were wrong . 
  if capitalism teaches us anything is that you should not rely on the economy being stable . 
   did not karamanlis run on platform of reform and fight corruption , and win big ? 
  who knows how committed he was , eventually he came to the point of ` not worth it ' when he came up against resistance from within the state , including i 'm sure from elements within his party . 
  no , that is a myth . 
  the karamanlis cabinet ( including karamanlis himself ) was not less corrupt or more willing to fight corruption than governments before ( and , arguably after ) it . 
   in 2008 though , the karamanlis government did outright lie . 
  they deliberately fudged the numbers to hide a crash . 
  they did . 
  this is a long story ( look at what alogoskoufis did after 2007 ) . 
   i would say that up until 2007 there was no egregious mishandling of responsibility . 
  i beg to differ . 
   and in the first place greece should not have been accepted in the ez with such high debt/gdp levels , or accepted with clear understanding and procedure to lower the levels for the first decade . 
  things like that did not matter much back then ...  basically , a little more investment here and a little less spending there would n't have helped . 
  yes it would . 
  the athens olympics cost 15 billion euro . 
  you could build the egnatia odos almost three times over with that amount ( in a country where there is no continuous motorway between the capital and the second largest city ) . 
   but yeah , the average greek citizen will have a shit time , at least for a while . 
  people who make that claim generally tend to greatly underestimate just how much of a shit time the average greek citizen has had until now . 
  i personally find the argument that if we had left the eurozone in 2010 the shit time would be over by now , very convincing . 
   i mean usually if a government gets money , it spends it on something and the money should circulate , thus creating wealth . 
  this is a very idealized view of how things work . 
  greece used the money to : * finance a lot of non-productive infrastructure projects ( the olympic games is one example ) . 
  * appease client-voters with cushy public sector wages/positions . 
  * keep key ( older people , army and police etc. ), 
  demographics happy by not reducing pensions and adjusting pension ages where needed . 
  * execute corrupt deals ( thereby creating a huge black hole in the budget ) in defense and infrastructure for politicians to get rich by bribes . 
  * create a `` top-heavy '' economy and make the wealth gap bigger by reducing the taxes of the rich ( for example , from 45 % to 40 % during 2004-2007 while the taxes for the poorer went from 12 % to 29 % during the same period ) . 
  like i already said , cheap interests were the fuel and not the fire . 
  we * could * have done good with that money , we just choose not to . 
  it 's like me giving you a lot of water to drink but you dunking your head in it and drowning yourself . 
  water is principally a good thing , you just were too stupid to use it correctly . 
   how realistic is this ? 
  i understood that greece had a pretty hefty negative trade balance . 
  i personally would asses this as very realistic . 
  greece has a negative trade balance because ( among other things ) , the euro is a very expensive currency . 
  it makes no sense to buy greek things and pay in euro when you just as easily can buy german things . 
  with a cheap drachma it will be a lot more profitable to build stuff in greece and sell them abroad ( since building them has become cheaper , but selling them domestically has not ) . 
  tourism will also do great . 
  the quality of the sun and the beaches has nothing to do with how the drachma is doing . 
  people will see greece get cheaper as a destination but the quality will be the same which will definitely equal more tourists . 
   once it joined the euro , this dropped significantly yes ? 
  yes , interests dropped significantly after joining the eurozone . 
  this was actually the fuel for the current crisis . 
   as i understand it , they are currently getting relatively cheap loans . 
  if by `` cheap '' you mean that the interest rates are low then yes , the money that greece currently borrows is very cheap . 
  the thing is that , the loans come with a series of changes greece has to make to better it 's economy , and those changes do not seem to be working . 
   if they leave the euro , who will give them these cheap loans ? 
   do they not need loans ? 
  there is no such thing as `` too much money '' . 
  cheap loans are always good ( as long as you are responsible with them , see point above ) . 
  without those loans greece will hope that a rise in exports and internally planned reforms will create enough wealth ( and cut enough fat ) to keep the state afloat . 
   it 's far from being diversified , it 's overly reliant on tourism , has a pretty big trade deficit still and has a basic export profile . 
  those are all true but then again , that is just a list of the negatives . 
  there are also positives ( tourism is doing great , there is an educated workforce , the fall of oil prices has helped the oil sector etc. ), 
   as for your devaluation prediction , i highly doubt greece wo n't experience an inflationary spiral . 
  ok , without any serious research i guess that your guess is as good as mine . 
  i do not recall inflationary spirals happening in countries where there was no war or something equally as catastrophic ... 
   the value of the drachma would plummet . 
  a drachma would certainly lose value the first few days . 
  an initial devaluation shock is expected by everyone . 
  this is because of two things : * the risk of greece doing * even worse * after leaving the eurozone . 
  * the risk that the greek government is going to want to keep inflating the drachma even after the initial shock to reap more benefits from a cheap currency ( and yes , there are benefits ) . 
   on top of that , greece would get no future loans at decent rates for a long time after defaulting on it 's debt . 
  you are technically correct , but keep in mind that this is nothing new . 
  greece is not able to borrow at decent rates from the market since 2010 and this will probably remain so for some years to come even without a default . 
   ... if they default and switch to the drachma , that currency would be worth nothing . 
  `` nothing '' is a strong word . 
  my guess would be that the devaluation would be around 70 to 80 % the first few weeks , which is a lot but not nothing . 
  considering that greece ( despite what you might read in bild ) is a fairly advanced western nation we should expect the devaluation to lessen and settle on 20 to 30 % after the first year or so assuming that the initial devaluation was not catastrophic for the economy ( and we have no reason to assume that , it could be argued that greece has been though worse the past years ) . 
  more and more greeks consider this a deal they might be willing to take ... 
  the reason that `` socialists are failing to capitalize on political opportunities '' is because people vote for socialists not for socialism . 
  the middle class of the western world finally got the check for years of privatizations , deregulation , the erosion of the welfare state and the public sector and votes for the left are just an act of futile resistance to pay . 
  a turn towards the left in the polls does not indicate a turn towards left ideas ( like it was in the late 60ies ) . 
  it is just a reaction caused by the `` oops , we went too far '' fear . 
  what people do not realize is that the left is about * change * and not about the conservation of the status quo . 
  we like our cheap electricity ( sold by the private sector but produced by publicly founded generators , carried on publicly founded power lines and polluting public air and water ) but at the same time we do n't like the rising wealth gap and all problems it creates on a social level . 
  keeping things economically liberal but not * too * economically liberal is a wish that the left ca n't and wo n't fulfill . 
  alive ( inactive ) : [ irene papas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irene_papas#/media/file:irene_papas_1956.jpg ) alive ( active ) : [ anastasios mourikis ] ( http://www4.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/stratos+press+conference+64th+berlinale+international+qb90m1oliaql.jpg ) dead : propably [ manos katrakis ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/3e/a2/6c/3ea26c49ca265876c0f8856ec8737334.jpg ), 
   why ? 
  i was n't talking about those , and that was pretty clear in my first comment which mentioned failsafes . 
  i wrote : i am referring to single-point fatal failures or accumulated uncaught failures in critical systems . 
  if you are referring to non-critical failures then you are way out of topic . 
  air condition or door actuator failures do not typically lead to fatalities . 
   that is very debatable . 
  no it is n't . 
   the wheel design was known to be problematic ... 
  this is a design error and not a human control or supervision error . 
   ... inspection equipment was insufficient ... again , design error . 
   ... and the disaster could even have been prevented at the last moment had a passenger who noticed the damage or the train manager whom he notified pulled the emergency brake right away . 
  the conductor acted perfectly just like he was supposed to ( i.e. 
  as his training dictated ) . 
  you could argue that the training was wrong ( but i would disagree with you ) but again , that is not a human control or supervision error . 
   individual technological failures are frequent ... those are not the failures that allow something like that to happen . 
  i am referring to single-point fatal failures or accumulated uncaught failures in * critical * systems . 
  for example , the eschede train disaster was a single-point fatal failure . 
  no human error was involved ( as far as control or supervision goes ) nor did many failures accumulate . 
  a single `` part '' of the train failed under normal operating conditions in such a way that persons were killed . 
  such an event is extremely rare . 
  even accumulated failures that * could * lead to loss of life are very rare ( as in : the frequency of occurrence is far below `` daily '' ) .
