  why 's a cupcake more expensive in a coffee shop than in a supermarket ? 
  because the coffeeshop profits more , or sells less cupcakes than the supermarket , or ca n't get the same prices for the raw materials , or ... 
   wind energy is n't efficient . 
  care to explain ? 
  wind costs zero . 
   except energy costs in portugal are amongst the highest in europe . 
  that 's stupid , you 're talking about consumer prices , which are one of the lowest without taxes . 
   you also conveniently left out the part where those wind-turbines need fossil fuel backups in case there is no wind . 
  they need backups , which do n't need to be fossil fuels . 
   basically all of portugal borders an ocean , so wind for you is a lot more viable than lets say germany . 
  not saying that wind power is the best solution for everywhere . 
  wind power is the ideal source of renewable energy . 
  it 's cheap to install , it 's cheap to operate , it 's simple , can be put near the population ( not too near because of the hum ) , works all day and all night . 
  in portugal , wind power is the source of 50 % of our energy . 
  good thing that more countries are investing in this simple and effective technology . 
  we should n't be ashamed , we , the people , did what we could with what we had . 
  now the governments ... 
  exactly , it would look bad to pan left , then pan down . 
  specially at the zoom levels that the cameras are at . 
   producing just enough to cover demand is the basis of capitalism . 
  what are you talking about . 
   if you want to make electricity from food , it will be 100 times more expensive than from anything else . 
  a huge waste . 
  spoiled food . 
  in portugal this kind of shit was very uncommon until facebook and clickbait happened . 
  it 's really bad , thankfully we love to see news on television , and there they ca n't fake it . 
  nope . 
  if you only produce what you need , you 'll never produce enough . 
  and rotten food can be used to make electricity from methane . 
  you 're being downvoted but it 's true . 
  people in those countries do n't have food not because we are eating it , but because we are n't doing our part to put food at their tables . 
  if he does n't use this , he 's losing an opportunity !, 
  no , it 's not an engine tug of war , because the sub can push down , and the boat ca n't push up . 
  i deleted the post , was n't fair nor representative . 
  we know we are poor , specially this 10 years that we lost a lot of purchasing power we conquered before , but i do n't think we are beggars . 
  when i was younger , my parents and two of my uncles family used to travel through spain . 
  i remember that even the name of the meat and fish were different by region . 
  that 's on the written menu . 
  and that , was really hard , `` cerdero '' and `` ternera '' does n't ring any bell , the same as `` merlusa '' and other things . 
  admit it , you ca n't even understand between yourselves . 
  `` jardim \u00e0 beira mal plantado '' said a portuguese poet , and it stuck ... specially when homesickness thickens ... 
  you belong together , 
  departugal, 
  we do n't hate jews . 
  there are practically no jews in portugal . 
  no , it 's not . 
  just because portuguese redditors are mostly left-wing , like you , does n't mean he is . 
  i was trying to be rude . 
  here searching for `` rom\u00e9nia \u00e9 '' ( romania is ) gives you : * passport necessary * a developed country * a poor country * dangerous searching for `` os romenos s\u00e3o '' ( the romanians are ) * `` the romans are descendants from whom '' * `` the romans are italian '' * `` the romanians are gipsies '' * `` the romanians are smart '', 
  hmm ... do n't think so ... 
  this is the worst i would have to say , to be kind of funny . 
  some cases like iceland that i never seen anyone say anything negative , so i put good things instead . 
  if you go to and ask the average portuguese , he would have only good things to say about any country . 
  also because the countries we know are better off than we , and the countries that we do n't know ( anything to the right of germany ) , we just do n't know , and never hear from them in the tv except for eurovision or football related . 
  anyhow , it 's not representative of the general portuguese mentality and not fair , so i deleted the post . 
  note : lost in translation : kosovo is not only kosovo , but the whole region , we do n't know anything about those countries , except when you pop-up at eurovision and vote on your neighbours . 
  and kosovo because of the war . 
  `` three little pigs '' , because let\u00f3nia and litu\u00e2nia , is jokingly the land of the `` leit\u00f5es '' -- piglets , in reality , we know nothing . 
  `` cows '' , because the `` v\u00e1quia '' ( vaca -- cow ) in `` eslov\u00e1quia '' , in reality , we know nothing . 
  it was popular enough to earn a rip off https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mwgdep7ymu but there the dog practically does n't do anything . 
  oh shit , this is why i gave up on german . 
  of course it is . 
  not everything that happens is news . 
  not everything that is news has happened . 
  there are tax thieves everywhere . 
  do n't be so bad on you . 
  let me guess ... aufschluss is not a word ? 
  and portugal, 
  a germanic saying that we are very white , specially in lisbon where there are more immigrants ? 
  yes , but it would be a patch , and not the shit that were doomed to be . 
  do you understand that we are n't better today than we were when the dictatorship was cut off and portugal was just quitting after a long and expensive war ? 
  i mean , what 's the point of being able to walk in to other countries , if we do n't have money to spend ? 
  no , it 's worth what we can make out of it . 
  the contrary . 
  on the other side , companies would more interest in investing in portugal . 
  it 's a wreck as it is . 
  subsidy dependent and shit ... 
  marcelo and the socialist party . 
  so , no ... 
  this . 
  i do n't believe in the eu anymore . 
  and i do n't think we need it either . 
  they wo n't stop any war or even terrorist attacks , and our countries governments are perfectly capable of doing diplomacy with each others . 
  and it 's not because we have to pay , it 's because this rules are artificial and silly . 
  eu = german power hungry government not that i have anything with german people . 
  yeah , nice gini : everyone is poor !, 
  why portugal , greece and spain ? 
  salazar/caetano ( 1974 ) papadopoulos ( 1974 ) franco ( 1975 ) oppression ? 
  not even once !, 
  and that 's almost 38000 kg of cement . 
  i like the fact that the tunnel is slightly smaller than the 1st deck of the bus . 
  like the `` leave '' won by a small number of votes . 
  departugal !, 
  what good is the eu ? 
  deficit san\u00e7\u00f5es for us , but not for france because it 's france ? 
  now it 's good , in fact , i have 7 items on my shopping cart , i just need to check the type of fluorescent lights i need for my kitchen . 
   and some shitty island ' drops to level of portugal ai \u00f3 p\u00e1 !, 
  i used to shop from amazon uk . 
  bummer !, 
  i got ta give to the americans .
