  when you put together thousands of vehicles ... 
  yes , really . 
  exactly , and the european auto industry has been lobbying the eu forever . 
  people are stuck with diesels , because gas is too expensive , because they are heavily taxed . 
  that 's bs !, 
  nox emission are prejudicial to the health , much more than co2 , and diesels are the worst . 
  btw , that car has only 129g/km of co2 !, 
   that 's not due to any better or worse technology though . 
  your best diesel engines use bosch 's injectors !, 
  injectors and ecu 's are the secret for diesel performance . 
  american cars here , like ford , chrysler , gm ( opel and vauxhall ) , have european diesel engines !, 
   what does this mean ? 
  we have diesel cars here . 
  they 're just usually pickup trucks . 
  but you ca n't match the performance and efficiency of european diesel . 
  or at least , not without bosch 's injectors . 
  putting a big engine in a big truck , it 's easy , now putting an engine that 's suitable for a car , it 's another story . 
  check for example a bmw 325d 2.0 liter , 224hp , 0-100 in 6.5 seconds , that 's 328i level performance ... and ... does 50mpg ( us ) of a fuel that is also cheaper in many countries ... in other words `` have your cake and eat it '' . 
  but most people settle for a 1.6 engine on a smaller car , that is `` fast enough '' , and does even more mpg ... 
  sound like our ex-pm : `` estar desempregado deve ser visto como uma oportunidade '' -- `` being unemployed must be seen as an opportunity '' . 
  i think he 's secretly germanophile . 
  good thing !, 
  gas cars are bad , but diesel cars are the worst !, 
  but european manufacturers have been lobbying the governments to force diesel adoption . 
  mainly because they know americans and japanese ca n't compete with their technology , and because they have been cheating emissions for a long time ( not only vw , not only now ) . 
   they might steal but they work as well it reminds me of [ this ] ( https://mhfg1.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/rouba_mas_faz.jpg ) popular brazilian cartoon , which could be applied to portugal as well . 
  translation : - listen to me : i do n't trust the guy , but i 'll vote for him - he steals , but he does !, 
  - he lies , but he 's convincing !, 
  - he 's the culprit , but nobody proves !, 
  - and you , what you think ? 
  - i think you 're stupid , but you do n't know !, 
  then if you 're looking at smartphones , you 're looking at the wrong place . 
  yeah , does it have tinder and snapchat ? 
  if not , doa . 
  that would be coal . 
  portugal is not rich in sugar , we do n't have sugar , we do n't use ethanol . 
  it 's what we have : animal shit , rotten fish , garbage , etc. 
  we do n't use ethanol . 
  who said to you that `` bio fuel '' comes from edible sources ? 
  bio fuel coms from shit !, 
  methane !, 
  because pushing for your brains is hard and it hurts . 
  it 's much easier when food gets delivered to your mouth like a papa/mama feeding a baby . 
  you know , like in school . 
  they sell what ? 
  like 10 % of what cisco sells ? 
  if a company wants to succeed in that market , it needs to do both . 
  and needs people trained to install and service those devices . 
  it 's not easy . 
  linux is not a product . 
  sure we 're going to dethrone cisco ... but with what ? 
  this is not mona lisa . 
  these things sell and for a price , and this is proof . 
  do n't be populist . 
  as you read , your country got that for a very good price , poland can sell it for a profit . 
  also , things like this make money for the state . 
  can be used as colateral in loans , and the value grows over time . 
  exactly . 
  much more a test for the good quality of the tires ( real homogeneous tires , which is hard ) . 
  do n't go that way , this is not / r/polandball, 
  erdf is n't working , it 's not properly supervised , it has been wasted and still is . 
  from my perspective , the impact has been even negative . 
  like feeding chocolate to a growing child . 
  lots of those roads , for example , werent needed , and are pratically empty , but they do cost a lot in maintenance , an excuse the government gives to apply tarifs . 
  it 's only suitable for making civil contractors rich , i say . 
  want to make a difference ? 
  send that money directly to people 's pockets , seriously . 
  right now , like / u/aurumax says , people have new roads , and are using old and problematic roads to avoid paying tarifs . 
  exactly , people forget that a country can stop people from getting in , but `` ca n't '' stop people from getting out ( unless you want to be like north korea ), 
  every country look homogeneous except italy . 
  why is that ? 
  is there a tax for hotter climates ? 
  can not , corruption and thinking small in the gov. 
  lol he 's starting a trade war with china , icymi, 
  he said he 's not disclosing his plans as far as he can in order to avoid pre-emptitve measures from china . 
  live with it . 
  he did n't change anything , inform yourself . 
   no , it 's not . 
  you are misleading the people who voted for you . 
  they listened to some promises and believed them , therefore it is highly immoral . 
  that 's it . 
  i think it 's very simple . 
   norway  summer child, 
   unemployment is not a thing because companies can afford their workers , it is a thing because consumers ca n't afford to buy anything non-essential . 
  this . 
  even if products and services would need to get costlier to allow for better employees wages , it does n't matter . 
  because you will always need to import things . 
  for manufacturing , it 's irrelevant , we can not ever compete with chinese wages . 
  i lived in a house with my parents but moved to a flat in the city . 
  living in a house is miles better . 
  but living in a city is something i can not give up . 
  well , the map shows otherwise . 
  i do n't know any . 
  it means `` end of the world '', 
  well , it 's the spanish that are right and everyone else is wrong . 
  it 's more efficient to live in cities . 
  i toured the northern part of your country . 
  i did n't find it too expensive , most of the things you really want to see are free , the other acceptable , and the rest is ice cream and frascati . 
  where did you see cnn in the picture ? 
  thanks,
