thats another argument entirelly and i have already adressed it in another comment in this post . 
  thanks , will check it out edit : it is pretty shit that they are calling one of the pilots who did that an `` hero '' . 
  that is very offensive and i agree that should not be accepted . 
  yeah , thats why you are not a federation , but you have a lot of autonomy . 
  dont paint like you dont . 
  thats not what i said . 
  source ? 
  i wasnt even alive . 
  that argument is weak man , sorry . 
  you can say that society evolved and now , that constitution does not represent the values of catalunya , but is not because people who voted for it are dead . 
  like , american constitution is still very legitimate even tough is 200 years old , because americans still hold those values . 
  if spain does not hold the same values written in the constitution , then yeah , it should make a new one . 
  but saying that `` you didnt vote for it so it doesnt represent you '' is not valid . 
  democracy is not `` i only follow what i personally participated in '' . 
  we would have to redo the entire legal system of the country every generation . 
  sure , russia have no business in invading ukraine , but there are legitimate ukranian separatists in east ukraine . 
  and the russian minorities had similar arguments of catalonians . 
  their heritage , their language and their money was not being respected , in their views . 
  but everybody in / r/europe is very quick to point that you dont need to sesced ( how do i spell that haha ) to respect self-determination , but when it comes to catalonia , everybody forgets that . 
  just pointing out that . 
  hehe , is kinda funny how you use legal arguments when they fit your point of view , and send the legal arguments to hell when they dont . 
  just dont go to another civil war spain , you guys had way too many = /, 
  eeeh , from a new worlder to another ( i am from brazil , also a federation ) , not really man , catalunia have a lot of autonomy . 
  you mean alive back then ? 
  only 5 % of the population of spain , at the time of the constituency , had any say in it ? 
  i am confused now . 
  right of self determination doesnt mean right to scesced . 
  it is cool that here in / r/europe everybody remenbers that when we are talking about east ukrain , but when is about catalunya no one does . 
  so in your opinion , the american civil war is a big crime against the south ? 
   that constitution has only been voted by the 5 % of the alive population of spain ... you guys keep parroting that , but that is just plain silly . 
  a new constitution every generation is completly impratical and useless . 
  destroy the very reason to have a constitution : stability . 
  hope you are in a better place now, 
  you expect to access someone mental stability by seeing 2 pictures over the internet ? 
  are you serious ? 
   i am somewhat related to the field to the field of what , mental diagnosis trough uncontextualized pictures of complete strangers ? 
  http://www.foxnews.com/world/index.html http://edition.cnn.com/world/ yeah sure . 
  murica !, 
  why learn other languages when you speak freedom ?? 
  all you need is kill ? 
  lazy and steal their jobs !, 
  you mean putin 's cronies interests . 
  but i guess that in a kleptocracy that is the same . 
  if the best thing spain has made was argentina ... 
  had to check again to see if i am not in / r/yurop ... geez . 
  totally missed my point , but whatever . 
  keep the circlejerk alive . 
  facebook is not the state . 
  you can simply not use facebook if you dont like it . 
  you cant not use eu if you dont like it . 
  hence , calling whatever facebook does as `` censorship '' is a bad analogy . 
  `` you americans '' now eveyrone who disagree is not a european . 
  where do i go to see european cats mister, 
  but in a varied number of languages , / r/yurop !, 
  i agree but i am not embarassed . 
  they have he biggest economy , a population that it is almost double the brazilian , and a system that still have a lot of poor people who might try their luck in the chaotic market of sports instead of the stability of a regular job ... 
  i am not embaressed at all , sorry too keep disagreeing with you . 
  that is why i dont want football to become popular in usa , they got the money , the population and everything to become a steamroller . 
  today , their national football championship is already bigger then the brazilian in every aspect . 
  if they decide to love football , its over man . 
  mediocre ? 
  chile was at least as good as usa , and colombia better then usa no doubt of it . 
  it is very unfair to say that they are mediocre when they went at least as far as usa . 
  brazil faced germany without neymar and thiago silva , the main player and the captain . 
  of course , brazil would have lost anyway to germany , no doubt about it , but 7x1 ... and i am citizen of bouth countries , so dont worry about it . 
  this world cup was 2x tough for me man = /, 
  better then brazil ? 
  usa ended in 15th place , brazil in 4th . 
  brazil had 4 playes in the fifa dream team , usa 0 . 
  pretty much every stat brazil was better then usa ... 
  yes , brazil was decimated by germany ( who won the world cup by the way ) , but it does not erase every other achievment ... 
  i am brazilian , and a israeli talking about football doesnt really stab at anything . 
  even if we are not in the context of a diplomatic situation where sports are utterly irrelevant , but even in a bar trash talk ... come on , what is israel when it comes o football ? 
  even usa is better . 
  i would rather pick up the pieces of a dead 5 year old then to kill someone . 
   the idea is that the state should take care of people and be powerful , not that the state should be weak and people should rely on themselves . 
  welfare state is pretty much that , isn it ? 
  a lot of people , including me , would argue that a lot of eu regulations , like the `` right to be forgotten '' , show the arm of a strong state taking care of the people . 
  bolivarianism is not the dominant strain in most la countries , only in venezuela , argentina and bolivia ( and in bolivia is being reformed into a less radical form ) . 
  brasil ( dilma ) , peru ( umala ) and uruguay ( mujica ) follow more in the lines of what lula proposed , still statist , still welfare state , but not as radical as bolivarianism . 
  other countries like colombia , chile , paraguay have traditional right wing governments , even if the current chilean government is left wing . 
  i actually could argue that the amount of countries who are more liberal then eu in the sa ( peru , chile , uruguay , colombia ) are in the same amount then the countries that are less liberal then the eu ( venezuela , argentina , bolivia ) ... 
  so yes , i agree with you that the line is fuzzy . 
  or actually , there is no line at all . 
  edit : i forgot ecuador , they are bolivarian too . 
   usually the arguments go along the lines of latin american societies being a lot less individualistic than other western societies any source on that , and how was that measured ? 
  i struggle to see how brazil is less individualistic then italy , for example . 
  such bulshit , latin america is not west ? 
  colonized by europeans , founded by europeans , speaking european born languages , no less then canada or us , yet , not invited to the western world . 
  i dont know if that is your opinion , but it is the opinion of the first article . 
  sectionary !, 
  universe first , thank you, 
  i think you bouth are correct ,, 
  in the american definition ? 
  like having the common sense of not beating people up because of a flag ? 
  or the canada hell hole . 
  or australia . 
  or new zealand . 
  economically they are pretty liberal http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking socially no . 
  immigration + europeans not having babies .
