  well , they are not buying bolivans companies , but i see your point . 
  so that map makes little sense . 
  i dont think so , modern portugal is the sucessor of that , but modern italy is not the sucessor of napoleonic italy . 
  i think so . 
  oh , i agree , but i dont not think that this is produt of european colonization . 
  we could have all , or at least , most of this stuff without all the genocides . 
  they didnt managed to genocide the natives as in the americas . 
  they were more resistent to diseases . 
  er ... do you understand that the standards of living and opportunities are largelly enjoyed by the descendants of the european and that the natives are , in varying degrees , marginalized from it ? 
  that in most countries the natives are not enjoying the standards of living ? 
  sure , they get marginal acess to modern medicine and goods , but that is it . 
  they dont live better then most populations in africa , for example . 
  not to mention how incredibly eurocentric and racist it is to assume that the natives would not reach a similar standard of living by themselves , giving that the standard of living back in americas , specially in the inca , mayan and aztec empires where not that far as from the shitty medieval europe . 
  the west have only rised in that field since some centuries ago . 
  medieval europe was shit compared to china and middle eastern , and rome compared to persian and china was not that much better . 
  not to mention ethiopia who have , since the classical times being a beacon of civilization . 
  not to mention that you dont seem to even grasp the size of genocide that we had in the americas . 
  tenths of entire cultures and populations were completly wiped out . 
  `` at the time of european discovery , some of the indigenous peoples were traditionally mostly semi-nomadic tribes who subsisted on hunting , fishing , gathering , and migrant agriculture . 
  many of the estimated 2,000 nations and tribes which existed in the 16th century died out as a consequence of the european settlement , and many were assimilated into the brazilian population . 
  the indigenous population was largely killed off by the europeans , declining from a pre-columbian high of millions to some 300,000 ( 1997 ) , grouped into some 200 tribes . 
  however , the number could be much higher if the urban indigenous populations are counted in all the brazilian cities today . 
  a somewhat dated linguistic survey [ 3 ] found 188 living indigenous languages with 155,000 total speakers . '', 
  only in brazil , 1800 nation and tribes wipe out . 
  90 % mortality of cultures and nations . 
  newer numbers who account for the urban population revolves around 800,000 . 
  a very far number from the millions that existed 4 centuries ago . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indigenous_peoples_in_brazil http://elibrary.worldbank.org/docserver/download/9781403999382.pdf?expires=1381851644&amp;id=id&amp;accname=guest&amp;checksum=1a99e67b53aee796fd2225f3bf2442d8 just take a look at the tables if you dont have time/interest to give a deeper look . 
  we can speak , with absolute certainty that no , colonization was not a good thing to the native people . 
  they got genocided by the buckets , and those who managed to survive by some sort of miracle , are most of the time living in poverty or on the edge of society , specially in latin america . 
  haha , nice try , but no . 
  checa means vagina in portuguese , but aparently only in brazilian portuguese judging by the puzzled portuguese guys . 
  still sounds dirty in portuguese . 
  people are downvoting you for share ignorance . 
  you are completly right . 
  its never late to start learning mate . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oocpi56cxzq area - crac !, 
  hah , i 've failed at my joke attempt then . 
  not to vodka =p, 
  i was educated in brazil , can i participate ? 
  it is a very interesting topic , sorry if is not an european country !, 
  well , what is emphatized there : how much gold brazil had , that made portugal very , very rich . 
  they pass by other portugal 's colonies , just barelly mentioning it . 
  a lot about the inconfidencia mineira , a brazilian revolt inspired by the usa independence , with heavy liberal aspirations . 
  ( but they leave the liberal part aside ) . 
  but is funny , because uk 's is blamed for the war , and brazil is portrayed as their puppet . 
  and how duque de caxias was not that bad of a guy , we blame the slaughter of the paraguayan men on cont d'eu . 
  yes , a foreigner , ofc that a brazilian didnt did that !!, 
  then we get to the fact that brazil was the last country in americas to outlaw slavery , ( they cant blame another country for that !, 
  ) , then we get the european imigrations . 
  second war , getulio vargas dictatorship , and how we were drawn into a war that wasnt ours by the evil usa , then 20 year or so of `` democracy '' . 
  oh , and we are taught that brazil is a developing country because of how portugal colonized it . 
  yes , i am serious . 
  then we get to the military dictatorship ( 1964-1988 ) , usa is to blame for that . 
  what is hidden : anything that might point to the fact that portugal was not an evil colonizer , that uk and usa are not satan . 
  anything that shows that brazil used to invade their neighbour all the time , how uruguay fought brazil to gain its independence ( they dont even mention it !, 
  ) , anything that shows that brazil is not such a peace loving country . 
  tl , dr : usa , uk and portugal are to blame for everything is wrong in brazil and in the world . 
  what was the name of that war so i can wikipedia it ? 
  sorry , but when russia was included in any version of a `` free '' world ? 
  thats the thing a lot of people misunderstand . 
  just because you live with your parents , doesnt mean they treat you like a child . 
  i am italian and was raised in brazil , here aswell people live with their parents untill the get married , or if they have to move because of a job or something . 
  but there is no `` yeeeees moooom '' or whatever . 
  no curfew , no nothing . 
  most help in the house chores , doing laundry , dishes , cooking , cleaning , all of that . 
  interesting , did not know those details about the iceland situation . 
  and the melting snowman didnt elected the avalanche . 
  you would guess that with all that pot smoking they would eat anything eh ? 
  all of that can be changed trough education ... 
  well well , that explains a lot . 
  ( no it doesnt , its just a joke , iq tests are not really relevant as people think ), 
  assuming behaviour based on race is not wrong anymore ? 
  you are so funny dumb ass , that was listed as the source of daily mail . 
  daily mail , seriously ? 
  how dare them trying to find the best country for their families ????? 
  what a bunch of spoiled bastards !, 
  thanks man , its great to read some sanity in this sea of dumbness that / r/europe has show it to be . 
  they dont need only it to be `` safe '' , think a little . 
  how their children will go to school in this places ? 
  how they find a job in this places ? 
  how they have healthcare there ? 
  god , they are not goldfish that need only food 3 times a day and their aquariums cleaned . 
  xaxaxa i have a russian friend and she told me how annoying this type of thing is, 
  a3 cbm ao6e , a tn ? 
  i hope so too . 
  nah , he just said that op \u00b4 s opinion is worthless because of where op was born . 
  nationalism and authoritarism come hand in hand . 
  i aprove this not because is pratical , nor even sane or just , but for the shitstorm of epic proportions that such an law would create . 
  thats what the terrorists want us to do , get panicked . 
  it is still pretty safe . 
  can not agree more with you . 
  `` nation '' and `` countries '' are 100 % cultural artifacts . 
  they form diferently . 
  just go to the new world and you will see that , for example , brazilians with completely diferent genetic and historical backgrounds seem themselves as part of the same nation , while in other places , people use a diferent accent as enough diference to distinguish themselves . 
  nobody is wrong . 
  nation is what the population decide it is . 
  erm , thats a bad idea . 
  they wont be integrated , as they will be alone there , and in 20 , 30 years , you have a separatist area . 
  because nobody is talking about homestead , but about having a decent quality of life that goes beyond only being able to feed yourself .
