  in his mind, 
  if they were only 9 million it wouldnt be a problem . 
  yes they should . 
  they are not free of responsability . 
  south korea and japan had a lot of help from usa . 
  and even tough japan got destroyed pretty bad , they still had plenty of know-how and skilled people after the war . 
  and on a side note , whule the atomic bombs were an humanitarian tragedy , they north korea is arguably worse then most sub saharian countries . 
  china being better depends on what and where . 
  south africa is very diferent from zinbabwe , hong kong is very diferent from inner mongolia . 
  i am not sure what is your point . 
  if you are arguing that the colonialism of the xix and xx century did not have a strong influence on many of africa 's current problems , pointing out that other countries have similar problems but somehow superated it is kinda pointless . 
  it is like saying cancer is not such a ~ ~ big deal ~ ~ lethal because i know some guys who survived it . 
  you were claiming that they had a similar recent past to sub saharan africa . 
  and they had not , and not even a similar past with each other . 
  rapid industrial expasion was not because of cheap resources . 
  you are so apocalyptical that is kind of funny . 
  i bet that if you look for a xenophobical american politician discourse in the 20s or something you will maybe find your exact wordings . 
  i am just happy that wasnt someone like you who decided the fate of your ancestors . 
  like your ancestors did . 
   convince me why i should welcome anyone and everyone who arrives in a rickety old boat humanitarian reasons . 
  and because given an decent enviroment , their children will be a good ascet to the countries economies . 
  the thing is , if your economy is great , you can take that humanitarian burden and long term investiment . 
  if it is not , then the skilled imigrants wont go near your country . 
  you are completly wrong . 
  the countries you cited are very diferent from each other and from africa . 
  man , sorry , but you are advocating for another colonialism . 
   my great-grandparents came to the usa from poland ... legally . 
  a small but important difference no , it is not a important difference . 
  it was legal because usa wanted immigrants , and because you ancestors were white . 
  law is not the source of rightfulness . 
  your ancestors maybe were in the same situation as those people , but they were lucky of being of the right race in the right time . 
   i would move to norway if i could , buy a little cabin in lofoten , rescue a big doggy from the local shelter , and go fishing for my dinner every day . 
  shit , i can even afford to do it . 
  but guess what ? 
  i need a visa to do that . 
  yes , they are risking their lives in an ocean so they can have a cabin in the wood , fish for dinner and rescue a big doggy !, 
  stop it man . 
  think about what you just said . 
  you think they are moving from their countries because they are annoyed by it ? 
  because they dont like the weather ? 
  the day to day routine ? 
   i have nothing but sympathy for these people its easy to claim you have sympathy while advocating to leave them to their own fate . 
  does it makes you conscience easier ? 
  or you just said that to pose as a good samaritan ? 
  either way , they dont need your sympathy . 
  neither a king of mine . 
  italy # 1 !, 
   considering that the community pays his education in many countries , the answer is yes . 
  thats why i dont agree with it , not the way it is . 
  i do not think that higher education is a right , so i do not think that the gov. 
  should be paying for it . 
  but if they pay for it , i think it is reasonable to ask for something in return . 
  something reasonable , like , spend at least 5 years working in your country , not your whole life , and not working for free . 
  that would help i guess . 
  but also the goverment should be thinking on `` how do i convince the brains to stay here ? 
  what they want ? '' . 
  most people want to live in their country , but dont for economic reasons . 
  drugs , gays , and literally hitler . 
  honestly , it is hard to believe that this was not made by a - some disorganized spanish nationalists or b - some catalans provokers . 
  this does not help the spanish cause at all . 
  it only make the catalans more determined to separate . 
  tbh , if catalan seccedes , this episodes will only be more common as the spanish who live in catalan might become more extreme . 
  secceding wont change a thin in that regard , unless you are going to expel all spanish people . 
  if i were a really machiavelic catalan seccessionist , i would make sure that this random acts of violence against catalan symbols happened once in a while to remenber how evil spaniards are . 
  just a tought . 
  dont jump in the hype bandwagon before having evidence on who did it , or you might be manipulated very easily . 
  yes , you are right . 
  people seem to be downvoting you , but if the eu will become a federation , looking at the usa history is an excelent idea . 
  i myself am on the fence about it being a good or a bad idea , but your post was very interesting . 
  you dont even know who did that ... 
  my flag is italia dude . 
  this is a map about the louder or more sensitive countries , we are yet to know wich . 
  russia had use for crimea , but does it have use for the rest of ukraine ? 
  just say it man !, 
  because the new world was built by immigrants . 
  thats not a problem with german . 
  its a problem with not accepting that other cultures see stuff in a diferent light . 
  in this thread there are tons of europeans who simply lack the comprehension that america ( as in the continent , we get that thing everywhere ) have a very diferent history from europe . 
  i am italian brazilian and i agree with you . 
  no , because european heritage is diferent from new world heritage . 
  untill recently , you could be born is poland and be germanic coulditn you ? 
  in the new world , where you are born takes precendence on what language you speak and where you ancestors came from . 
  why dont you stop trying to judge american culture using german culture and try to understand it ? 
  diferent countries and continents have diferent ways of seeing ethnicity . 
  go to africa and you will see that there they go by even more diferent standards . 
  respecting diferent cultures also works toward american culture . 
  a nice map that means absolutly nothing . 
  or very little . 
  why you take it personally if he say shit about putin ? 
  it is like putin is russia and russia is putin . 
  he said they will . 
  you believe politicians so easily ? 
  nah , fixing those problems are not that dificulty , but are just not lucrative to the cronies . 
  and worst , will make the people more powerful . 
  thats not serious is it ? 
  wtf hahaha . 
  while 6 hours work day are a wet dream for me , i am worried about , you know , the chinese taking up competition . 
  lets see . 
  how do you know some of them are gypsies ? 
  genuine question !,
