  its not 1 ha close to your city , is 1 ha far from everything . 
  unless you are a hobo , its a shitty deal . 
  crazy to see how strong the influence of the roman empire is , for them to put the hadrian \u00b4 s wall like that . 
  there are only 2 ways . 
  or you become a country like chile , usa : low taxes , but not really a lot of public services . 
  you are sick ? 
  you pay it . 
  university ? 
  you pay it . 
  but the taxes are lower . 
  or you accept that wellfare state is expensive and pay high taxes . 
  from the way i see it , greece should embrace the small state . 
  you already dont have cash , no one pay taxes , just go with reality . 
  but remember that you are alone if the shit hit the fan . 
  so yeah , lower the taxes . 
  but privatize everything that not police , army and children \u00b4 s education . 
  but i think people forget that you can \u00b4 t have bouth . 
  dont expect swedish services and american taxes . 
  edit : clarity, 
  there is no dignity in being third world , no dignity in living with fear of being shot by a gang , no school for your kids , no healthcare for your elder parents . 
  `` my childrens have no future , but at least we kept our national dignity intact ! '', 
  i would add , avoid eating foods that are heavy to digest , or eating a lot . 
  source : brazilian who had way to many feijoadas . 
  [ a rock n roll doctor . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eai6si_4vv4 ), 
  brazilian here , lived in a city like that . 
  is great when you can wear summer clothes , terrible when you have to wear formal clothes . 
  or when you are in a vehicle with no airconditioner ack . 
  yes , i know . 
  dude , not talking about this situation especific , only about your justification . 
  no , `` a decision taken by the democratically elected government of a sovereign state , '' is not always legal . 
  international treaties . 
  and ban you are banned, 
  fuck fifa and fuck the grip it haves on football . 
  empty words . 
  sounds great , but it is stupidly unpratical . 
  africa have more the 50 countries , 1 billion people , thousands of different cultures . 
  what you pretend to do , force the sovereign states to accept european schools doctrinating their youth ? 
  give money to the corrupt governments ? 
  where all that money will come from , europe \u00b4 s economy is not in the best shape . 
  not to mention that even if that crazy idea was possible , it would take decades for it to work . 
  and is not like the new `` elightened '' european educated youth would be able to change everything without some bloody revolutions . 
  hell , europe needed a lot of blood spilling to arrive to it \u00b4 s current state . 
  and ... even if they could , the boats would keep coming to europe . 
  you might not call is `` civilize '' but it exactly what you propose . 
  is arrogant and impractical . 
  white people must spread civilization to africa !, 
  why nobody ever tought of that ? 
  yes , haha , thats exactly my point =d, 
  my point is that he doesnt know and is just supposing what make denmark look better . 
  it could well be it , but could be something else . 
  or that you have a higher rate of depression , or that your doctors are more willing to prescrive medicine , or ... you dont know . 
  it is depressing that so many here are falling for his obvious provocation . 
  he is campaining to destroy the rest of turkey \u00b4 s democracy , all he wants , all he needs , is someone one to bite his bait so he can play the `` protector of turkey '' part . 
  responsable politicians will avoid the trap . 
  populists , because they dont care about nothing else then looking good in the immediate future , will gorge with the bait . 
  the correct way to answer this is ignoring . 
  any other thing only favors populism and erdogan . 
  hot headed reaction is exactly what erdogan is hoping for . 
  i am just more confused . 
  in american english , patty and paddy are pronounced the same way ? 
  also never hurts to have more consumers . 
  is kinda funny to see that europeans had forgotten that not too long ago they were the terrorists . 
  they getting jailed is better . 
  they dont become martyrs , they can be used for information , they become a symbol that laws work and order prevails . 
  that he is just a criminal . 
  if it have much worse then it is not the same . 
  about fucking time , eh, 
  majorly a left wing discourse that anything bad in the world happens because of the current super power . 
  basically the reasoning was that paraguay was becoming a regional industrial power and uk wanted to prevent that . 
  might make sense , but is not sustained by evidence . 
  but nowadays even left wing historians tend to be skeptical of seeing uk influence as the only or even a major influence to the war . 
  lol, 
  kinda funny that this comment comes from a brit , in brazil it was taught for many years that the paraguay war was a british machination . 
  good for you . 
  i am intact and i am very happy like that . 
  he forgot the most important thing , not walking with a rythm . 
  that is such a big what if that it is kinda pointless . 
  maybe we would not have wwii if germany had won wwi . 
  maybe we would have . 
  so many variables that is impossible to say anything seriously . 
  hmm , i wonder how much truth there is in it , seriously . 
  i dont believe that many people still think that germany is anti-semite ( spelling sorry ) nowadays , but politics are usually aimed at the lowest denominator ( meaning : dumb people ) so , i dont know ... 
  anyone who knows a bit about german foreing politics could clear up this one ? 
  yes , the world should care about them . 
  just because they are small and weak , doesnt mean they should not have a voice . 
  edit : grammar mistakes, 
  one of the big reasons that let the nazism rise to power in germany was the stupidity of the rest of the politicians ... 
  i fear for greece . 
  that never end well does it ? 
  not that . 
  brazil have even bigger region disparities . 
  i am sure they had the same talk when they were unifiying italy . 
  compare scicilia with lombardia . 
  compare greece with germany . 
  i could be wrong , but i believe that diferences would be similar . 
  the truth is , europe is falling behind . 
  bric are coming hard , not mention other countries . 
  i dont know . 
  i am yet to see how unifying something made that something worst .
