  how you got asuka there ? 
  thanks putin edit : i am irish now , liked it, 
  italy smokes , drinks , dont do physical activities and yet live longer then most europeans countries . 
  pasta is the secret . 
  there is this common troupe of poland being weak , but i doubt any country could take on fresh germany and ussr at the same time ... 
  i think that is hilarious that someone would type `` why is france so gay ? '', 
  in google expecting an answer for that . 
  probably children , i hope . 
  probably not a name you can use in formal reunions heheh . 
  aa , the glories of a state-plannified economy . 
  bureaucrats telling farmers what to grow , that will surelly suceed !, 
  with beer so good , who needs god ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/h7izmxy.jpg why poland doesnt have euro , doesnt use the euro , why it is not in the euro . 
  and why are they catholic ??? 
  that puzzles the italian mind i guess . 
  i am talking about an hipotetical attack on finland . 
  i agree with you , that is also very possible . 
  i am just a pessimistic haha . 
  well , i dont know how it is there in finland , but in italy being anti-eu is becoming increasyling popular . 
  i already can hear they saying : '' eu was supposed to make our economy stronger , but we only have become poorer since the euro . 
  eu was supposed to make europe stronger , but it did not stoped russia from attacking it . 
  and brussels standed idly while finland was being attacked . 
  what are we gaining from it ? 
  they take all and we gain nothing . '', 
  shit , i can already hear beppe grillo saying this . 
  politically , i think that eu would not be able to survive as it is today if it did not defended one member country from russia . 
  and any plans of an european federation would be completly and totally dead and obliterated . 
  estonia is not ukraine dude . 
  ukraine is in a political turmoil . 
  there are a lot of resonable people who does believe that ukraine took a turn to ultranationalism . 
  ukraine was a chaos and was not capable of repelling the disguised russian army . 
  heck , ukraine didnt even tought russia would do that . 
  ukraine gave a pretext to the russian people when they banned the law that made russian one of the oficial languages . 
  none of those apply to estonia . 
  do you have source for that 125 % thing ? 
  i am curious . 
  i am living in italy , and now today was a confortable 18-22 . 
  i was with a very thin jacket , but most italians were wearing heavy stuff , i am also mindboggled by that . 
  but in that matter , i was always different . 
  i think that in my 25 years living in brazil , i wear a jacket maybe 5 days every year or osmething like that , but most brazilians wear jacket whenever they find themselves bellow 25 degrees . 
  so idk ... i also start to feel phisically ill whenever i stay long hours in more then 34 degrees without taking a cold bath ... 
  this things are strange . 
  i am from brazil and no one let their kids outside if it is under 15 . 
  yes , positive . 
  not defending a member of the eu would be the end of eu . 
  russian rulers has being using that tatic for a while . 
  use a referedum and bam ! , everything is fine and legit . 
  do people really think that it was fair ? 
  that putin was going to accept a no ? 
  just because he is anti-american doesnt make him the good guy folks . 
  maybe its their fetish , being dominated by russians . 
  140 % crimeans want to be russians !, 
  they do at the bottom . 
  its in cyrilic , how should i be able to read it ? 
  that ukranian flag is quite beautiful . 
  specially when the little text is not even in english , and op didnt translated . 
  or pretty much every country in the americas should just go back to being portugal/spain/france / england 's territory . 
  seriously , 1654 ? 
  who the fuck cares about what empire used to rule a land 400 , 300 , 200 , 100 years ago . 
  the pope doesnt seem too happy hehe, 
  you are my favorite russian , and i know a beautiful red haired russian girl . 
  i believe he was testing in syria . 
  now is the real deal . 
  and i suspect that those votes were under tremendous financial and/or political coercion aswell . 
  anyone have a doubt that russian gov is just a huge mafia state now ? 
  alright , thanks for the civilized answer . 
  sincerelly , i dont understand your logic . 
  bouth regimes were killing left and right . 
  for diferent reasons ? 
  sure . 
  but it doesnt make any fucking diference , innocents where killed by the buckets in bouth regimes . 
  why , why do you say that ussr wasnt as bad as the nazis ? 
  i am puzzled . 
  how to explain this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#calculating_the_number_of_victims why is that not as bad as the nazi 's holocaust ? 
  why killing millions because of political diferences or to pacify people is not as bad as genocide ? 
  i genuinely want to read your reasoning . 
  what many russians seem to fail to understand is that for many people in eastern europe , the soviets ( ussr isnt equal to russian people , even to russia ) were as bad as the nazism . 
  see some quick examples : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia so what most russians see as liberating , most eastern europeans simply see as trading opressors . 
  `` although its authenticity could not be confirmed , parliamentary deputy hennadi moskal , a former deputy interior minister , published a document online detailing a plan to ** surround independence square ** -- the cradle of the uprising -- ** with snipers and open fire on the protesters below . 
  ** '' open fire on protesters would be a massacre . 
  `` massacre ( plural massacres ) the intentional killing of a considerable number of human beings , under circumstances of atrocity or cruelty , or contrary to the norms of civilized people . 
  the massacre on st. bartholomew 's day st. valentine 's day massacre amritsar massacre '' if surround and open fire on protesters is not a massacre , i really do not know what it is . 
  last i heard they have a lot of autonominity , and their language is used even in official documents . 
  but i dont really know much about it . 
  i was comenting on his great english skills . 
   i am a bit reluctant to spell this out , since as a matter of principle i categorically support the more liberal approach to regional policy common in the european union , including a large degree of linguistic autonomy at the local level . 
  was my favorite part, 
  dear god , doesnt that brings ukraine dangerly close to a civil war ? 
  it 's a tense , horrible situation , and it 's is so similar to syria that i do n't even know where to begin . '', 
  edit : no , i dont think that , but the original sentence does not help prove or disprove any point . 
  i wouldnt mind using it !, 
  people from italy are following laws and working in switzerland . 
  if the companies there are hiring italians is because they feel it is best for their interests . 
  italians are not going to switzerland to beg , to make crimes . 
  they are going to work . 
  and they keep going because it have work available . 
  switzerland have an unemployment rate of 3.5 % , meaning that there is plenty jobs and opportunities to the natives , and that they need the labour of surrounding countries , otherwise their companies can not grow . 
  lack of labour force is as big of a problem as lack of money . 
  a 3.5 % unemployement rate is ridiculously low . 
  it means that everyone can get a job , and whoever is unemployed is probably between jobs or looking for their first .
