  he refused his salary for christs sake ( ~ 360,000 euro/year ) and is working for free , for the people . 
  oh you 're from germany lol . 
  i can say whatever i want to who ever i want , without fear from anyone ( except the fascist left when there is 50 + of them in a frenzy ) . 
  you are the one living under fascism and censorship lol . 
  the irony is real . 
  and i would like to apologize , personally for what obama did to your ( use to be my { legal immigrant family of 1921 } ) nation . 
  for the record . 
  i am not right-wing or alt-right . 
  whatever labels you 've thought me to be . 
  i am something different . 
  one who wants to take back his nation from corporate lobbying globalist who are , as we speak losing a very real war . 
  a war in which trump is kicking their shit in . 
  i was for bernie sanders until he got fucked by hillary and the dnc . 
  then something happend . 
  he endorsed her . 
  they fucking got to bernie . 
  now he is shilling it up . 
  for globalism . 
  and it lives in the democratic party . 
  beware lol . 
  oh you mustve blocked me because i am not being downvoted anymore . 
  notice i wont downvote you . 
  so this conversation can be visible . 
  because thats where change happens . 
  through communication . 
  then it would seem he forgot about the time he gave him the lifetime acheivement award for helping black people . 
  it would also seem like he ( jesse jackson ) will jump on anything that could involve race to be relevant . 
  but i just dont see it lol . 
  he showed up to play the race card or was paid by george soros ? 
  he went to show solidarity against racists ? 
  whats racist ? 
  he is white and wants the wall ? 
  it just looks like he stabbed trump in the back . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  he received a lifetime achievement award for helping black people . 
  what else do you want ? 
  lol . 
  here is a pro trump video exclusively with black people . 
  listen . 
  people are shoveling shit into your minds . 
  i dont know the validity of any of that without some kind of link . 
  but here is one saying he helps the black community . 
  trigger warning . 
  it shows black people with maga hats . 
  you can protest all you want . 
  but as soon as it turns into you silencing someone else with violence and hate speech , well there is a problem . 
  they breached the room he was in to attack him and he had to flee . 
  while police sat with thumbs up their asses . 
  because you dont have anything besides that and its hilarious lol . 
  because its not racist or islamophobic . 
  muslim saudis and muslims from asian countries are welcome . 
  just the ones that weve been stomping into the ground will be subjected to extreme vetting . 
  which is not racist and not his fault . 
  blame obama or the bushes for what he has to step in and deal with . 
  maybe youre thinking of something else or are completely ignorant . 
  milo was to speak at berkeley college , where free speech protests are known to happen , and thats fine . 
  but when its a mob that is burning shit and forcing him to flee for the danger of his life . 
  there is a problem . 
  so instead of speaking to 100 people in an auditorium . 
  he got national news coverage out the ass and his book soared in sales 12,000 % . 
  you have to appreciate how ironic that is . 
  that was over 2 years old lol . 
  whats racist that he is doing ? 
  please dont say the extreme vetting of islamic countries weve been at war with , and they hate our fucking guts anyways for what trump didnt do . 
  also the pipeline . 
  he had no decisions in making that shit 60 miles from a reserve . 
  i agree , and iran is probably next lol . 
  obama pulled out and inadvertently created isis . 
  but he also created the fsa , purposely . 
  which has probably just melted into isis because war in syria is now over thanks to him leaving office . 
  also , look at the `` protests '' that just happend . 
  shaping the minds of our future . 
  inciting violence and suppression of free speech . 
  aka fascism . 
  trump is a racist remember ? 
  why do ya think that is ? 
  and if you didnt hear . 
  it was proven that his birth certificate was really a fake . 
  no , its that white males have no place to stand in an argument because we 're so privileged . 
  but it is more about , obama did worse shit than trump has so far . 
  yet trump is compared to hitler . 
  obama fuels proxy war when we didnt want to actually go to war in syria . 
  going against what we wanted . 
  nobody called for impeachment . 
  if you did , well then , you are probably a racist . 
  didnt you hear that was a lie ? 
  im sorry , fake news . 
  he never threatened to invade mexcio . 
  says mexican officials . 
  but people are talking of impeachment for trump . 
  after what ? 
  not fueling the fire in the middle east like obama did . 
  making it worse for europe . 
  you live in a little bubble and havent heard the good stuff trump is doing ? 
  this is so true . 
  funded and supported it all . 
  lady liberty has long been dead . 
  and this shit has `` fucking white male '' agenda all over it , hes white , hes male , and hes a racist bigot . 
  obama couldnt be criticized because he was black . 
  and if you said anything bad about him , you were racist .
