your comment makes me wonder what you know and i dont . 
  please lets have a discussion . 
  what am i wrong about ? 
  was it my talking down of hillary and obama that provoked your insult ? 
  yeah , bernie was pro open-boarders . 
  free healthcare and college . 
  i saw trump demonized and like a joke for the longest time . 
  all of bernies plans cant actually work . 
  i 'd like it to . 
  but the numbers wo n't add up lol . 
  then i saw trump 's tax plan and he totally won me over . 
  all that being a racist idiot crap is played up to demonize him . 
  they 're brain washing you really . 
  we 're not being silenced lol . 
  ive said shit like this on / r/politics and / r/worldnews and have been banned lol . 
  my username is a product of my main account being banned from anywhere i would get political . 
  tax deferral encourages u.s. companies to make job-creating investments offshore even if similar investments in the united states can be more profitable , absent tax considerations . 
  furthermore , companies try to use accounting techniques to record profits offshore by any way , even if they keep actual investment and jobs in the united states . 
  this explains why u.s. corporations report their largest profits in low-tax countries like the netherlands , luxembourg , and bermuda , though clearly that is not where most real economic activity occurs, 
  because they have built so much in other countries to skate our current tax system lol . 
  its not a good thing . 
  trump wants to lower it to 15 % for everyone . 
  you ignored the part of why they pay the lowest . 
  the incentive to build somewhere else . 
  we could go around in circles forever . 
  are you talking about tax deferrals ? 
  `` deferral is one of the main features of the worldwide tax system that allows u.s. multinational companies to delay paying taxes on foreign profits . 
  under u.s. tax law , companies are not required to pay u.s. tax on their foreign subsidiaries ' profits for many years , even indefinitely until the earnings are returned to u.s. 
  therefore , it is one of the main reasons that u.s. corporations pay low taxes , even though the corporate tax rate in the u.s. is one of the highest rates ( 35 % ) in the world . 
  lol . 
  in 2011 it dipped to 12.1 % and in 2014 it was 39 % . 
  making it the third highest in the world . 
  looks like you 're using alternative facts lol . 
  here is a more reliable source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporate_tax_in_the_united_states, 
  nothing good has happened in a long fucking time . 
  we 're now 18 trillion in the hole . 
  do you even know what business tax is in the us ? 
  nobody wants to build anything here . 
  or make anything here . 
  nobody at all was even the least enthusiastic about hillary . 
  only women for the first female . 
  anything she said she was just blowing smoke up your ass . 
  i am grateful that she is not the first female and disappointed obama was the first black president . 
  didnt help black people one bit . 
  only played the race card when a white cop killed a black person and started the fsa in syria . 
  fueling already degraded race relations . 
  if you supported her it was only for your hate of trump or she was a woman . 
  once he supported hillary i was absolutely livid . 
  hillary is a corrupt slime ball of a career politician . 
  being bought out and straight up lying about mostly everything . 
  obama as well . 
  bernie talked about how bad things were with obama and hillary ( secretary of state ) , yet he fully supported her . 
  i am not pleased with everything trump has done . 
  abortion , church and state , and global warming crap . 
  but he is going in a different direction . 
  looking inward instead of being a globalist shill digging us into dept and more war . 
  it doesnt matter why i voted for who i did . 
  i have the right to vote however the fuck i want . 
  xenophobic means the fear of any outsider * edit * - ( foreigner ) . 
  you could make a better argument and say people are being islamophobic . 
  another way of saying it is we want to preserve our country . 
  freedom of speech . 
  gay rights . 
  womens rights . 
  islam is not in line with that at all . 
  when you look at majority of terrorist attacks ... what religion ? 
  oh another muslim blowing shit up , raping someone , cutting someones head off . 
  yeah , i think it is just logical to put a block on those people unless you are a masochist or mentally ill . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i was against trump at first and was for bernie . 
  then hillary was the democratic nominee and i looked at clinton rallies . 
  i looked at bernie rallies . 
  the fact there was like 100x more people at each and every one of bernies made it clear she fucking rigged it . 
  then i was anyone but hillary and voted for trump out of spite lol . 
  i have a lesbian friend who went to a trump rally with a gigantic black lives matter sign , screaming love trumps hate . 
  it was the most cringe worthy thing ive probably seen from anyone i actually hang out with on a weekly basis . 
  but now im glad i voted for trump , and support him fully . 
  let the hate flow through you . 
  the fact this got gold should disturb all of you . 
  and here is one for fun . 
  they rigged it for hillary . 
  why would i roll over ? 
  trump is doing things besides hurting peoples feelings , which is hilarious . 
  hes working for americans . 
  for free . 
  and hes doing what he thinks is best for our country . 
  we 'll see how things turn out and i have a feeling you will eat those words . 
  which didnt make much sense because yes , my eyes are open lol . 
  here is something for you . 
  please just watch about 10 minutes of this . 
  if your country doesnt have it censored . 
  yeah , it was easier to just link it instead of cherry picking lol . 
  i dissagree with the abortion crap and maybe the military strength part ... i think were good on the military aspect lol . 
  but there are things you wont see here on reddit unless its from / r/the _ donald , which is kind of a circle jerk that gets shat on by 80 % of reddit just because . 
  but hey pobody 's nerfect lol . 
  the things he 's already done ? 
  lol . 
  there is quite the list . 
  as we now have somebody that wants to help . 
  busting his ass and cranking out the executive orders .
