i am 100 % certain that some muslims around the world danced after the attacks . 
  that does not proof relation, 
  it 's because some of the websites removed generally have illegal copies of the books . 
  de asta am zis ce am zis . 
  well i guess this poll proves it . 
  all romanians should be treated gypsies as we seem to generalize with muslims as well . 
  we are born blank in the sense that we know nothing about this world and all that we get of the world are from what our parents teach us , how they act and how the world around us reacts to what we do . 
  obviously genetics pushes in some part our responses to the world . 
  without borders you do n't eliminate people being bad people . 
  but you eliminate the '' stay our of our land '' mentality which is wrong in my opinion . 
  all on this planet is ours and nobodies . 
  and evolution is our purpose because if we do n't shape ourselves after the environment we will die as a species like the dinosaurs did . 
  know we know how easy a asteroid of a cliamte change can kill us ... so . . 
  differences will always be there because of the how we are being raised and genetics and sometimes entourage . 
  borders do not keep us different . 
  because we raised this walls aka borders . 
  that 's the reason we are so different . 
  even in iq.what i meant is as a species we are not so different . 
  we are all born blank . 
  what we get is dependent on what is inside those borders . 
  with no borders and no hateful racism of any kind we would at least get the same social advantage and so maybe the same chance at decent lifestyle . 
  maybe we would not go to war with other countries so we can get their petrol because it would be ours , collectively . 
  maybe we would see the common purpose of us all as a species and move evolution foreword . 
  instead we are blocked in this constant fight over who is the best and who we need to separate from . 
  in the end if we do n't destroy each other it will get to a single ` nation ' . 
  the problem is that we see each other as different and we believe that being born on a piece of land gives us right over it . 
  when in fact we are one planet , one species . 
  no different in any way . 
  if we saw that from the beginning there would be no countries not people killing other people for land and power . 
  you may call it idealistic but that is reality . 
  if we are one planet we are one culture . 
  we live like we are on different planets you get this cultural diversity and fighting about who 's better , nicer , powerful . 
  i was just giving the reason . 
  imo it is . 
  the lack of racial diversity makes it so . 
  i am ashamed . 
  we can not even be no 1 at this now ... 
  so romanians do not search anything about uk because they are all already here ? 
  because none of the brexit changes are in place . 
  you still get immigrants , you still have passporting and free trade until they activate article 50 and make your own laws . 
  brexit did not happen . 
  this is the shock of the news . 
  i guess they should also be held responsible for misrepresenting the overwhelming reality . 
  uk is still in the eu ... 
  leavers will throw in your face the fact that the pound will rebound . 
  but they do n't add to their ecuations that brotain is still part of the eu . 
  and it will be for a while . 
  the moment negociations finalize and they ` take control of their borders ' , i presume to be another plunge . 
  depending on the deals made and how much is uk going to lose with them ( or not ) . 
  without any influence on eu legislation ... not likely . 
  i foresee resentment more then anything . 
  tell me from the video what is the uk trading with , outside the eu ? 
  what trading approach will they have with europe and the world ( norwegian style or swedish ) . 
  because i think , if you would have seen the video you would understand my panic . 
   plenty of countries within europe yet outside of the eu have no problems creating their own laws and organizing their own trade deals how long did it take them and how many eu laws did they have to conform with in order to do that including free movement . 
   countries are creating their own laws all around the world you will find out from the video how long it will take ( switzerland started doing this in 1970 , britain  the uk is n't a child , unable to look after itself . 
  who will be the politicians that will undertake this challenge ? 
  nigel farage , that practically spat on all the eu politicians ? 
  will he ask for better deals from the eu parliament ? 
  have you watched the video ? 
  are you guys not terrified about what this guy is saying ? 
  holly shit ... if leave wins it 's even worse then i imagined . 
  making new laws ; trading agreements with dozens of countries , without a bargaining chip . 
  and all that while cameron will probably say `` fuck it!you deal with your mess '' . 
  beautiful . 
  i am yet to see something as beautiful without an appeal to how great britain is . 
  plus the stay campaign in their case can use what will happen to uk financially as argument against frexit  ), 
   `` britain would continue to comply with 80 percent of the internal market legislation , to pay for the eu and would have no more say . 
  especially the free inflow of workers from the eu reject the proposed referendum on united kingdom membership of the european union advocates from but . '', 
  oh , so 67 % vote to stay ... ? 
  so you think division and more individualism is the answer to a better world . 
  more of ` care only about yourself ' attitude . 
  that dragon is absurd , but from what i know about eu funding , is that somebody in the uk needs to apply for it and then they use it here . 
  that would kinda pass the fault partially to a uk contractor . 
  but maybe uk had a different type of treatment when it comes to funding . 
  let me drop [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/01/steel-crisis-uk-accused-blocking-eu-attempts-regulate-chinese-dumping ) on you before they blame eu . 
  i will add a edit about how the funding is spent , because from what i know about eu funding is that , somebody in the uk needs to apply for funding of certain projects . 
  i do n't think that eu comes and decides what to build with that money . 
  seems like some are more prepared for this than others ... 
  you have cancer , but your vision is 20-20 so you have nothing to worry about . 
  how are these people able to take decisions if they do n't accept reality . 
  forever !, 
  i have my pr soon citizenship , 
  thank you !, 
  i also hate the idea of destroying something because it 's not perfect . 
  i think improving something that was created with the idea of a better europe is worth fighting for . 
  even if it means changing many time during that journey . 
  i think uk and eu will join paths further down the road . 
  the reality is that i do n't think this will go trough anyway . 
  but it 's nice to see that it is considered . 
  i also believe that all europeans should suffer the consequences of this law . 
  forever . 
  i have pr and soon citizenship . 
  you ca n't get rid of me !, 
  do n't worry . 
  i live in your country  ) ) ), 
  we can only hope !, 
  students as in ... 
  immigrant students . 
  not local students .
