  sorry if i was n't clear about it . 
  for [ self employed ] ( https://www.gov.uk/self-employed-national-insurance-rates ) the rate is really small in my opinion . 
  and they should have to pay for private medical insurance or pay mandatory full ni . 
  it will affect all of eu . 
  but i think , at the moment eu is the sane leader of the west . 
  unification of the member countries and a eu army is a must in my opinion in the current global context . 
  and considering trumps volatility . 
  i think russia is just trying to dismember eu , and if the russia-trump feelings are right then he will not stand in his way , maybe even help him . 
  a strong and united europe is the only counter to us not abusing its power . 
  that is my opinion . 
  i think eu should focus on its internal problems and fight to keep the countries inside and work trough its issues . 
  a student , according to my knowledge , similar to self emplyied and self sufficient are paying like # 11 for ni . 
  compared to ~ # 100 that a payee does . 
  so as you can imagine that money does not cover nhs and some other services . 
  your and the government should not bother with what they pay , as long as they do . 
  or just impose full ni on them . 
  we hate those fuckers too  ) ( any by ` fuckers ' i mean those that are rude and abusive ) . 
  they generally are from the roma community . 
  and my country does not try harder to help with they education and emancipation . 
  i live in the uk , and have been for the last 6 years . 
  i proud myself for not being part of those who abuse the system in any way . 
  but what i can say about the legislation in the uk is that it is flawed . 
  people should n't have access to any sort of benefits and nhs if they are self employed , student or self sufficient they should be paying a higher ni and/or private medical insurance . 
  they should not get unemployment benefit if they did not work for a certain period of time and payed in the system prior to that time . 
  and they should n't be allowed to be on that benefit indefinitely . 
  and it should be like that for all citizens . 
  they should n't tell people that if you work more than whatever hours will cut your benefit , that just makes them work less . 
  they should use crack down on the immigrants not paying proper tax . 
  they should use that tax excess to supplement staff in the certain counties where they are paying that tax so they have more doctors . 
  i mean this is common sense . 
  but i think that immigration has been a net positive for uk . 
  but they used that money to cover for the tax big corporations dodged . 
  you are right that there was a high influx of unskilled labor . 
  but that could have been managed by enforcing a minimum wage for immigrants both employed and self employed . 
  companies abused the system in equal matter as immigrants did , if not more . 
  nobody is telling them to leave the country ... 
  peoples frustration is understandable , the way politicians handled it , was wrong . 
  tories are also guilty for taking advantage of this situation to help their corporate buddies , while ignoring the peoples needs . 
  and by being out of touch with reality . 
  again , i think people should have a long term vision in their head . 
  having a week neighbor or russian controlled one is never good for you . 
  if you help the week countries reach a standard of life similar to the other countries will reduce immigration drastically . 
  but it 's obvious that people are not willing to sacrifice any part of their comfort for that . 
  even though it 's for the benefit of all . 
  i think we can all agree that having more allies is good . 
  why would you want allies that are in a state of corruption and instability . 
  you want them to be self sufficient so they will stay your allies . 
  i bring russia over and over but that is the case . 
  ukraine is split because of the above . 
  if ukraine would have gotten help from eu they would have fought back against russian takeover . 
  they had no better option so i guess being part of a huge country , that is one of the most powerful in the world , it 's not that bad . 
  we had a guy who ran for president that wanted better relations with russia ( like trump ) . 
  our current government want less control from eu so they can pillage the country and people stood up to them . 
  have patience a bit , give us a change , think long term benefit and think about others a bit . 
  you can not have a fulfilling and happy life ignoring the needy and saying ` it 's your problem , deal with it ' . 
  i want to think that at least the newer generations can see a more united planet , but that means giving up a bit from yourself . 
  it means understanding the humanity in all of us . 
  nobody is poor and born in romania by choice . 
  we are born in a corrupt system and that molds some of us in a bad way . 
  i know a lot of romanians , and i meet hundred of them every week . 
  most of them are not beggars . 
  as i said in another comment , you might have a polarized view of romanians . 
  that is probably because you do n't see or hear about the ones that go to work 9 to 5 and pay with their children in the evening does not mean they are not there . 
  it just means their stories do n't sell papers and do n't get clicks . 
  plus , nobody is a beggar because they do n't want a family or a place they can call home . 
  not excusing the unwillingness some of them have of getting out of their situation . 
  totally agree . 
  we have a shit ton on weight to pull for us to deserve this membership . 
  and i am hopeful that the young generation will help bring the political change need for us to get there . 
  the older generation unfortunate is pray to misinformation and manipulation . 
  that comes from the lack of education present during the communist regime . 
  some thing you can not take back and can only be improved by passing time . 
  i think equal members should mean a proportion relative to their potential . 
  also you need to look at improvements over time . 
  your system will just create bullies and monopolies . 
  if you do it your way you will get big corporations that get bigger and bigger and small ones will never be able to compete . 
  and you get countries like russia and turkey taking control over them . 
  never think that eastern countries are part of the eu only for some economical interest . 
  our position is the most vulnerable in the event of a war . 
  you will be fighting a war in our countries not on your soil . 
  some of the problems do come from romania . 
  but the problem is that they account for maybe 1 % of what romania offers . 
  but pointing only at the flaws and never underlining the good parts will lead to polarization of opinion . 
  but i guess news about a romanian that does a 9 to 5 and goes home to his family does not sell as much as the one that rapes , steals or abuses the system . 
  you can not . 
  but i can hope that until the older generations fade away , the young ones keep this union in place . 
  eu needs to focus on educating the young generation to be aware of all the pros and cons of this union . 
  i am completely aware of that . 
  but that exploitation and cheap labor i hope is considered as contribution to what romanian and others offer to the eu . 
  i mean if companies will import cheap labor , at least do it in eastern europe rather than china and bangladesh . 
  at least that money stays inside the eu . 
  i agree with that . 
  and that is why i have more faith in federalization of the eu . 
  i really think that romania and other eastern eu stated will do much better being controlled more by eu . 
  i think the point is that if you are a member of a group , that you should be treated as a equal member of that group . 
  you think letting a country go to shit is a good idea because of their internal issues . 
  you do n't think that trying to fix their problems and helping it so it comes to thrive as any of the other members is a good idea ? 
  i can only assume you are from a country that has it good like netherlands or france . 
  where your worries are not what you are eating tonight and maybe more like , how can i make my life even more comfortable . 
  but think about it this way .
