my argument to that is that nobody can un-invent the technology . 
  the knowhow exists , and the material is n't too hard for a modern , industrialised country to obtain . 
  so nuclear weapons are n't going anywhere until we have world peace . 
  even if we gave up ours , russia , china , india , pakistan etc would not . 
  so it would weaken the uk without really accomplishing anything . 
  the uk still a force for good in the world and a better country than most . 
  we are very stable , democratic , and follow the rule of law . 
  nuclear weapons have certainly been a part of stabilising world powers and preventing the next world war . 
  nobody wants to start it because they are scared of the possible consequences . 
  for example , russia has been a total dick in regards to ukraine and crimea . 
  they would not do that if those places had been protected by nuclear weapons ( their own , or under a nato agreement with existing powers ) . 
  but also , look at our incredibly weak response . 
  we are scared of russia - a country with an economy smaller than italy - simply because they have 1000 's of nuclear warheads . 
  and that 's why nuclear weapons are needed . 
  they are a necessary evil . 
  nobody particularly loves them , but we have to accept the reality . 
  they prevent war and allow stability . 
  the technology wo n't be forgotten . 
  and unilateral disarmament accomplishes nothing . 
  and that 's why i would say the uk has to maintain trident . 
  partly yes . 
  they want to benefit from nuclear protection without having the expense of responsibility . 
  and also because i do n't really see why the snp or scottish people would genuinely give a shit about trident . 
  it 's more like an snp bargaining chip . 
  they know trident is important , so it 's something to hang over the head of ruk during negotiations . 
  because the snp are ( supposedly ) anti nuclear weapon . 
  yup . 
  it 's sad but it basically seems we 're turning into total pussies . 
  these little echo chambers are dangerous . 
  a dangerous combination of extremists and lefty do-gooders , desperate to show how wonderful and tolerant they are . 
  it goes from a casual ` refuse to speak to female staff ' , into eventual full-blown hatred of western culture . 
  then those islamic state videos are n't so crazy any more . 
  problem is ` progress of europe ' seems to mean being stuck in closer and closer ties with weaker countries who have very different views to us . 
  what sense is there sharing a currency with weak countries who ca n't manage their own finances ? 
  what sense is there having open border agreements with countries who have very different entrance criteria to us ? 
  you 've also got countries who want to tax us and claim the money we make from financial services as their own . 
  trading partners and standardising laws to make things easier is fine , but i do n't see why we need more than that . 
  not without nuclear weapons they would n't , 
  very wishful thinking . 
  islam is the most adherent major religion in the world . 
  the ` sticking ' rate ( ie kids growing up and still remaining in the religion they were born with ) is over 90 % . 
  that 's how they tried to market themselves during the referendum . 
  scotland has this vision of itself as a long-lost norway or something . 
  i do n't think it has to do with white and non - white . 
  more like cultural values . 
  a large influx of people with a very different religion , culture , views on women/gays/etc , who may not speak english , who may not be educated etc - it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  the formation of ghettos is a real problem there are enough real problems with mass influx of immigrants . 
  you do n't have to make up some skin colour ethnic cleaning bullshit on top . 
  taking people in will encourage them to undertake that journey . 
  it will result in more deaths . 
  the population of shitty countries far exceeds our own . 
  and they are still growing . 
  taking people in is n't a solution to the problem no matter how you try to stretch your imagination . 
  has nothing to do with empathy . 
  this is an appeal to emotion over logic ( i.e. 
  ` wo n't somebody think of the children ??! ' ) . 
  lots of people , including myself , do not like being manipulated in this way . 
  numbers are useless without something to compare to . 
  people die every day . 
  are we seriously going to believe news articles which claim that every single person who died was because the government declared them fit for work ? 
  we should absolutely get our defence shit together . 
  arm and train ukranian troops , fine . 
  sanction russia , fine . 
  make sure that there is a strong european defence force at the ready in case anything happens . 
  but that 's very different to escalating * nuclear-based * conflict . 
  if we upgrade the shield , russia will develop better icbms ( rocket technology is pretty much their speciality ) . 
  is that something we really want to encourage ? 
  it 's a game where nobody wins , and it messes with the concept of mutually assured destruction . 
  we are trying to take the `` mutual '' part out of it by neutering russian capabilities . 
  that will not end well . 
  if a few european countries said `` yeah , we 're not following that law '' and just pushed the boats back , who exactly is going to sanction or punish them ? 
  that 's a bad idea though . 
  we should n't be going towards escalation . 
  russia is modernising delivery mechanisms , yes . 
  but that does n't mean we should put more effort into defences - especially not parking them on the russian border . 
  come on , i 'm not being pro-putin here . 
  but we are just as guilty of behaving like total dicks . 
  we claim the shield is to protect from iran , which is obvious bullshit if you have half a brain . 
  and now russia is calling us out on our bullshit . 
  there are two counter arguments firstly , the u.s. claimed that the missile shield was to protect europe from iran . 
  now that we reached a deal with iran , we do n't need the shield ... right ? 
  russia is just calling out that this was total bullshit and that russia was the obvious target all along . 
  secondly , the missile shield is an offensive weapon . 
  it is designed to rob a country of second strike ability . 
  thus it fucks with the concept of mutually assured destruction , if one side thinks they can strike without fearing effective retaliation . 
  escalation in missile defence by either side would be a very bad thing . 
  it triggers another nuclear arms race . 
  do n't they travel as part of a massive battle group ? 
  and surely russia and others would be keeping tabs on their current locations all along ? 
  i strongly disagree that the british public would be happy fighting to help poland , romania etc. 
  the british public were against the iraq war - and that was a one sided battle where we had very very few casualties . 
  the air force acted with impunity . 
  the tanks rolled without taking a single loss . 
  our technology was 40 + years more advanced than theirs . 
  but against russia ... 
  i do n't think we have the appetite . 
  russia can shoot down planes . 
  their air defence is amazing . 
  they can definitely kill tanks , and they can sink our navy ships too . 
  they have satellites .
