  except in reality , that 's exactly what this referendum is . 
  greece ca n't expect to reject the deal and stay in the euro . 
  problem is , they 're rotten to the core . 
  you 'd think that foreign investors would pile money in . 
  it 's a pretty safe country , with beautiful scenery , lots of history etc. 
  and their population is decently educated too . 
  you 'd think that people would be willing to invest . 
  but the corruption , lack of trust in government ( never knowing if/when they 'll grab your cash etc ) and instability puts people off . 
  big difference though . 
  none of those middle eastern countries are even competent . 
  none have an air force . 
  they barely had air defences . 
  they had tanks from the 1970 's . 
  yet the war is unpopular due to us casualties . 
  now imagine fighting against a large , well-funded professional army with pretty decent equipment ( and backed up by nuclear weapons ) . 
  i honestly do n't think the public of the us would have the stomach for it . 
  if you 're talking about russia vs the us , you 're basically talking about ww3 . 
  and i do n't think people would be happy knowing that russia could flatten their cities over some eastern european country . 
  both sides would want to avoid that , but putin probably knows that he could quietly take the balkan states and nobody would really do anything . 
  we 've done almost nothing over ukraine - even being incredibly nervous about training troops or sending equipment . 
  war against russia = world war 3 . 
  the us , with uk and france vs russia ... that 's 4 nuclear powers . 
  i think destruction of nato and loss of geopolitical influence is a lot less scary than loss of london , new york etc at the hands of russian nukes ... 
  you 're talking about fighting russia though . 
  that 's not a middle eastern country who ca n't fight back . 
  russia has crazy air defences , and most of the eu has pretty poor air capabilities . 
  we would rely on the americans , and i 'm not sure they 'd be happy with their planes being shot down . 
  we are talking about basically starting world war 3 here . 
  if you have russia , us , uk and france , that 's 4 nuclear powers at war . 
  we 'd be fucked . 
  i think all sides would do anything possible to avoid that conflict happening , and i truly believe that putin could take some baltic states and we would n't be willing to start ww3 over it . 
  people talking about their salaries in / r/europe begs to differ . 
  there are plenty of people saying that their salary was 1000 + , but now it 's down to 400-500, 
   while the eu defense treaty requires you to roll out all your tanks . 
  yeah ... a piece of paper . 
  agreements can `` require '' all they want . 
  but i struggle to see the uk and france etc actually going to fight against russia . 
  i doubt it . 
  i do n't see the us public approving of fighting against russia for the sake of some tiny , irrelevant country that most americans could n't find on a map . 
  and fwiw , i do n't think the uk public would approve either . 
  this is n't like bombing some middle eastern sandpit or rolling tanks through their desert when they ca n't fight back . 
  this would mean fighting against a pretty decent force , who are backed up by 1000 's of nuclear weapons . 
   but if the greek decide they have a better friend in russia then in the eu , then i wo n't be the one trying to stop them . 
  the rest of the eu might have something to say about that though . 
  it sounds arrogant , and it is , but there 's no way that greece should be allowed to get all pally with russia - especially with their current behaviour . 
  actually , russia would probably be ok with that . 
  they could use an `` in '' with europe - having a little bitch representative in europe to cause some chaos . 
  russia absolutely loving this current crisis . 
  the last thing they want is a well-functioning , strong and united europe . 
  these people are not particularly desirable to the country though . 
  they are n't educated working professionals who are earning lots and paying tax . 
  they did n't apply through proper channels . 
  italy has their own economic problems to deal with , without having to support tens of thousands of extra people that they did n't ask for . 
  this is getting absolutely ridiculous . 
  and it wo n't get any better until the people and the smugglers learn that this technique will not be effective . 
  if that means armed coastguard boats and military vessels patrolling the area and preventing ships from landing , so be it . 
  i 'm not him but i 'll give some reasons . 
  it 's expensive . 
  we should pick our battles carefully . 
  it might not work . 
  bombing isis inconveniences them but is n't enough to stop them . 
  same with syria . 
  you ca n't really overthrow a dictator through airstrikes alone . 
  to get things done , you need boots on the ground and the uk public definitely will not support that . 
  their people probably wo n't thank us for it . 
  there are always civilian casualties . 
  and more stories about the west bombing yet another muslim country . 
  it will probably make things worse in some way . 
  every time we intervene in the middle east we seem to just open the door for some other arsehole to take charge . 
  and to be honest , the middle east needs to sort out their own shit . 
  the uk should focus on our own problems such as homegrown terrorism and the large amount of british people joining isis first . 
  300 euros is like a monthly salary in greece . 
  most people probably do n't even have that saved . 
  thankfully , as a brit , jeremy corbyn has absolutely no power and never will . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  who on earth would still have significant money in a greek bank now ? 
  and you would n't be able to withdrawn meaningful amounts from an atm anyway . 
  you are right . 
  but , public perception does matter - especially since we have a referendum coming . 
  also , it 's about more than the economy . 
  you have to consider how people feel about the situation too . 
  some is pure xenophobia , sure . 
  but i think it 's fair to say that most people would be upset with large numbers of migrants coming to their local area - regardless of where they are from or the colour of their skin . 
  and what 's good for ` the economy ' is n't necessarily good for individuals . 
  i.e lots of cheap labour willing to earn minimum wage and live with 7 friends might be great for business owners who can pay rock bottom wages . 
  but it 's not so good for someone who was born in the uk and is trying to buy a house etc. 
  what a beautiful summary of why people in the uk are pretty weary about the eu and immigration in general . 
  i think most people in the uk would strongly disagree with the sentiment of your comment . 
  honestly , the sooner we can get energy independence , or at least a meaningful reduction in oil dependence , the better . 
  then we can tell saudi arabia to go fuck themselves . 
  they could adequately staff the border , for one . 
  they could request that the uk help cover some cost and provide manpower , which they would gladly do . 
  not just that . 
  it will quickly become our ( uk ) problem too . 
  the french are kinda holding the front line here . 
  we should definitely support them . 
  this is true , but also true for many other areas of the world where people love to go and visit - s.e. 
  asia , india , south america etc. 
  personally , * i * would n't go to greece because i do n't think a country with 20 + % unemployment would be enjoyable to visit . 
  seems to have worked ok for them .
