  and greece 's political situation definitely is n't working out for them . 
  what ? 
  in that quote it says nothing about a replacement . 
  just a vague `` looking at the options '' quote . 
  haha , no , of course a guardian article would n't say that . 
  well , is n't that a wonderful sign of a well-functioning union !, 
  i ca n't wrap my head around why they should be allowed back , or why the danish public should have to spend money trying to convince these people to change their minds . 
  is denmark particularly underpopulated ? 
  is it so desperate for people that it needs to spend inordinate time and money to try and `` cure '' this handful of nutcases ? 
  i just ca n't quite wrap my head around the logic of trying to help these people . 
  awful . 
  and italy just letting people in and not bothering to check properly because they know most of them are only passing through on their way to better countries . 
  except they do it in actually a more efficient way . 
  their salaries are lower of course , which saves a lot of money and allows them to have more manpower . 
  but we spend god knows how many billions on stealth planes . 
  they respond by spending a few tens of millions on some fancy new aa weaponry and radar . 
  i think the biggest difference is salaries . 
  they certainly outnumber us in terms of equipment . 
  also , we ( and the americans ) seem to spend a lot of money on fancy equipment . 
  they spend money on stuff like radar jammers , anti-aircraft missiles etc which are much cheaper than making stealth planes etc. 
  a lot of russian gear is no joke - especially their anti air . 
  it 's being withdrawn for essential maintenance , not `` because , fuck you migrant scum '' as the headline seems to imply . 
  it 's buried right down near the end of the article :  the chancellor said he could assure him that britain would play its full part in search-and-rescue operations in the mediterranean : he said : `` as i understand , there is essential maintenance that needs to be carried out on hms bulwark , which is clearly an operational issue . 
  well , that 's fair is n't it ? 
  we europeans are the ones who have to live next to russia . 
  it 's fine for america do go dick-swinging and being the rival to everyone , but we have to be russia 's neighbour , and finding common ground and being able to compromise is important . 
  what russia did with ukraine is disgraceful , but it does n't mean that we can never work with them or cooperate and be friendly towards them . 
  at the end of the day , it 's better for all of us to be friends with russia than enemies of russia , right ? 
  you make a fair point . 
  but i 'm british and i can still admit that nato is really just a massive american subsidy for european defence . 
  most eu countries do n't even come close to the spending requirements for their militaries . 
  france , the uk and poland are the only credible forces . 
  i suppose the italians are n't too bad either . 
  but you have to admit that the us is the most important part of nato , and that nato mainly exists as an american way to keep the russians at bay and exert their influence and interests on/through europe . 
  hopefully to pay for the victims of the attack . 
  there 's going to be a lot of people needing extensive rehabilitation , mental health counselling and special equipment ( wheelchairs , making their homes disabled friendly etc ) . 
  the best part is that he is denied having ever seen or heard of the letter . 
  then a photo emerged of him proudly holding the letter with a grin on his face . 
  and now he says that he signed and posed with the letter ` in good faith ' and did n't know the content . 
  so he 's either a liar or a total moron . 
  neither is great . 
  literally hundreds of british people have joined isis . 
  and that means thousands and thousands will have donated money to them . 
  yet nobody would accuse the uk of being a sponsor of isis . 
  you 're right , but truthfully , i think it 's more like those countries do n't have the capability to fight back anyway . 
  maybe the odd terrorist attack here and there . 
  but if i was that guy , i 'd be petitioning the french government to enact bloody vengeance on isis . 
  damn , this is heartbreaking . 
  he 's a better man than me i guess . 
  i 'd be calling for bloody revenge at all costs if that happened to me . 
  yup . 
  that eu i would wholeheartedly support . 
  but the current one ... 
  i 'm not so sure !, 
  i think nato is a way for the us to keep russia at bay . 
  basically babysitting europe and surrounding/containing russia with the threat of war against the us . 
  i 'd say the biggest contributor to peace has been the advent of nuclear weapons . 
  nato is just a sideline from that where the us , uk and french arsenals protect the rest . 
  i 'm just glad that leaders are finally waking up to this . 
  if they knew these places existed ages ago , they should have been closed ages ago . 
  why just turn a blind eye ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  isis is clearly trying to provoke a land war . 
  more muslims killed by western bombs and western soldiers . 
  that equals more recruits and more legitimisation of the islamic state . 
  they 're crazy but they 're not stupid . 
  there 's no way they think attacks in france and the uk would n't be met with retaliation . 
  they do n't believe that they can scare us into stopping bombing them . 
  that 's what they want though the . 
  they want the west to spend more time , effort and money bombing the middle east . 
  it only helps their cause . 
  i just think there are n't that many people willing to commit mass murder and die in the process . 
  this kind of attack is super scary because it 's so easy to carry out , highly unpredictable , and almost impossible to prevent . 
  it requires almost no planning . 
  just a small group of people with guns to agree on a couple locations and a time . 
  they have even more than that . 
  they have a healthcare system and an education system . 
  they own infrastructure . 
  if it 's incapable , then we should n't build it . 
  the iran excuse is a load of bullshit and everybody knows it . 
  we would n't like it if russia was installing advanced air defence and missile shields in ireland , so we should n't do it to them . 
  and fwiw , i can completely understand why russia feels boxed in . 
  again , if the situation were reversed , we would n't like it one bit . 
  all the more reason to leave it if possible . 
  adding the cobalt 60 into there is a total dick move . 
  but yeah , it 's extra scary . 
  and i 'm not putin supporter , but nato is also posturing with this talk about a missile shield in romania and poland . 
  the excuse of ` to deter iran ' is laughable . 
  so can you blame the russians for being jumpy ? 
  if we do n't want nuclear escalation , we should not escalate things . 
  missile defence is one of the most provocative , disrupting things you can do . 
  rendering yourself immune to a second strike completely fucks up the principle of mad . 
  we should abandon this missile shield nonsense and russia would have far less reason to behave like total dicks b, 
  they have to try and convince us to stay . 
  the eu is far worse off without the uk in it . 
  at the end of the day , it 's in their interest to keep us happy and keep us in the eu . 
  nor should it be . 
  unauthorised entry into a foreign country is a serious offence . 
  haha dear god please say this is sarcasm or tongue-in-cheek . 
  haha fuck dude , i 'm loving that this comment is so downvoted .
