yay ... maybe ... 
  in finland we have relatively cheap fast mobile internet packages compared to the european average . 
  people are afraid that with this , the market will converge towards the european average and finnish people who do n't travel a lot will actually suffer . 
  i thought that 's the point . 
  i guess many do n't think they get a fair assessment , but they believe that the `` other side '' is even worse . 
  you guys ever heard about secret ballot ? 
  or do you take one of each , put one in the envelope , and eat the rest ? 
   we do n't require id here because some people do n't have cars or ca n't get 2 hrs off work what 's the connection between requiring an id and having a car or getting 2 hours off work ? 
  russia was part of finland until 1917 . 
  back when playing chess _ helped _ you get girls . 
   cycling lanes are everywhere . 
  what , is it really that horrible everywhere else ? 
  but . . wo n't somebody please think of the children !, 
  yksin = one - or once - kerta = time or - fold ( as in threefold ) - inen = adjective so yksinkertainen = onefold = not compliacted the languages on the right column have similar construction , i think . 
  our words for the small parts are just different , wow . 
  but have the languages on the left have just invented a new word for such a simple concept ? 
   if `` simppeli '' is the word that finns use in most circumstances , that should be the one listed . 
  it 's not . 
  what is the safe spot in tag ? 
  how does it work ? 
   croatian and serbian are closer than that . 
  they are already as close as they can be in that figure . 
  how could they be closer ? 
  oh , finns definitely know it . 
  many even speak it . 
  and with an understandable accent , unlike swedes . 
  i usually dislike these `` stupid question , please downvote '' posts that proceed to ask the most interesting question in the sub , but this one is special . 
  a shirt is an actual cultural thing for canadians so it is a far better example . 
   imagine if you were forced to wear a hat wherever you went and that you were socially scorned for not wearing it whenever you took it off . 
  or a shirt . 
   they swedish government is n't immigrating to iran so if they were immigrating , the iranians should respect their culture ? 
  edit : what 's up with the replies ? 
  the now-removed op complained about the fact that swedes decide to `` respect the muslim culture '' both when muslims immigrate to sweden and when swedes visit iran . 
  then u/cemn seems to reply that it is stupid to say that , because for a diplomatic visit you visit the host country 's culture as opposed to when you 're immigrating . 
  well , it does sound like spanish with russian accent . 
  there 's something i do n't understand about your history . 
  it hurt me more than anything they could write would . 
  indeed . 
  middle-endian date formats are horrible . 
  and this is r/europe , not r/america , we should know better !, 
  i guess there 's more to this bridge 's construction than numerology . 
  / u/sniffman is a cold and unfunny guy . 
  pathetic !, 
  sorry , this is too bulgar for this sub . 
   the people who stand to lose the most , have the lowest will to fight . 
  what did i just read ... ? 
  we even had some days above 22 \u00b0 c this summer in helsinki !, 
  sorry to break it to you but whales are not dragons . 
  that chapter says `` informally '' a couple of times , but u / - inquisitor was clearly being informal , so no problem !, 
   was that person just talking about eggs , or were they using a small , narrow bit of information to add to a larger narrative that they want to be true , namely that the eu has safer food than the us , because the us sux ? 
  i believe that person was making a joke . 
  i eat raw eggs regularly . 
  i 'll really have some trouble adjusting to life in other countries . 
  it is , [ and we are so proud of it ] ( http://prod.fi.carlsberggroup.com/media/kuvapankki/publishingimages/ajankohtaista/battery-t%c3%b6lkki%202015.jpg ) . 
  well , it 's not the same everywhere . 
  some universities are also trying to get rid of most temporary positions and leave only early-stage postdocs and tenure track professors . 
  this solves the problem of a researcher losing their position at the age of 40 . 
   sounds like the senior authors did n't know/read it ... 
  embarrassing for all around . 
  it 's only one person that submits the paper ( or a revision ) , usually after everyone has read the final version . 
  the problem is , the other authors have actually no control over whether the submitter actually submits the version everyone has read . 
  i 'm totally up for attacking the netherlands , but this is too cruel . 
   discussion , reason and facts are way better at dealing with such things and just banning and deleting the post . 
  have you ever actually tried that with holocaust deniers / flat earthers / 1 +1 = 3ers ? 
  if you have n't , you can probably find a forum where you can try . 
  after that , you 'll probably realize how wrong your word choice `` dealing with such things '' was ; you have n't * dealt with * anything , just provoked them more . 
   let them rot in their ignorance . 
  this does n't quite work in online discussions such as this sub . 
  they wo n't simply rot in their ignorance if they 're allowed to roam freely in this thread . 
  removing them from the discussion is not the idealistic solution but it 's probably the most pragmatic . 
  no no no , you understood it wrong . 
  the * skyscraper * is the capital city . 
  keep listening . 
  that 's why i had to link to a 80 + year old picture . 
  but i think deep down it still knows it 's finnish . 
  you googled the italian tricolora . 
  you should google the czech one . 
  yellow is missing . 
   conversation of energy :d i hereby retract my statement . 
  where do you party ? 
   no , also short term . 
  the cold air from inside the freezer escapes to the room a lot quicker than the hot air from the back of the freezer . 
  open the door and stand in front of it and see what happens . 
  it seems to me you 're not great at parties . 
  in the long term yes but we wo n't live long term anyway in this heat , so it 's better to just get a moment 's relief . 
  getting memed in a positive way gives you positive energy !, 
   for comparison , this is slightly larger than liechtenstein . 
  what exactly are you planning ? 
   that 's true , but was it really a sacrifice if he knew we would be resurrected after just one weekend ? 
  ask yourself that the next time you have a hangover . 
  the ones you kill wo n't usually come back . 
   finland was a pain in general . 
  how general are you talking about ? 
  this project , your life , or just the whole world ? 
   \u00ef wtf is this . 
  \\  true 4-chan style \\  also netherlands, 
  [ here 's one in finland . 
  ] ( https://sannifromthenorth.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/dsc_0315.jpg ), 
  the church has mastered the art of not being seen . 
  ehh , what ?
