  video in question here --  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ame4o5avic0 erdogan is truly the worst thing that happen to turkey by far . 
  so much bloodbath in his country because of him , he destroyed turkey 's powerful tourism industry like nothing , he opened so many fronts with so many powerful countries and organizations , i do n't get it . 
  honest question to the turkish people from this sub : are you really that stupid and blind ? 
  why do you keep voting for him , the guy is butchering you . 
  i wonder how church did n't try to suppress the event . 
  every time people are doing stuff around ancient greek customs the damned clergy is getting furious . 
  it 's only a sketch of cute little guys playing soldiers and fighting the bad guys!what circle-jerking are you talking about ? 
  lol i made it for fun man , jesus !, 
  we already have enough gloomy news from around the world , it 's not a bad idea to blow off some steam once in a while . 
  hey stuffscrazy , your opinion about ` guerreros ' ? 
  it 's a spanish film about a kfor unit in kosovo , have you seen it ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfnmayebetu link to the actual interview for those who want to check it . 
  i am quite serious though . 
  no one can withstand the ire of 3000 angry gay turkish soldiers . 
  * shivers *, 
   very important decision . 
  the pm of greece , just a few days after the attempted coup , had reassured president erdogan that those 8 eight servicemen would be extradited to turkey , in attempt to strengthen relations between the two countries . 
  however , many liberal and progressive citizens , writers , academics and politicians have argued that no matter the status of the bilateral relations , the greek and european rule of law can not be bent . 
  no mate , do n't be that guy . 
  it was literally the greek people as a whole who wanted the turkish soldiers free , not only '' liberals progressive citizens or academics '' . 
   the pm of greece , just a few days after the attempted coup , had reassured president erdogan that those 8 eight servicemen would be extradited to turkey never happend , that came from a turkish source only . 
  the greek pm said that the soldiers would have a fair trial based on the european values , nothing more nothing less . 
   will they get a fair trial in turkey ? 
  no  but is that reason enough to deny extradition ? 
  yes , case closed move on . 
   no you bigot ... name-calling from the get go mindalero ? 
  not the best starting phase for a civil discussion about such a difficult subject . 
   rofl , literally every serbian comment is mass downvoted i have noticed the strong antiserbian sentiment as well , especially after the whole russia versus '' west '' started . 
  anyway do n't worry about it , r/europe and in general reddit 's flawed voting system can easily give wrong impressions . 
  i mean who gives a shit about the 50 or 100 people upvoting every antiserbian comment there is . 
  the number in reality is extremely small but somehow the shitty voting system in combination with the flags it makes it look like whole countries are at odds with each others lol . 
  again , do n't worry about it , it will pass . 
  we greeks had our fare share of abusive comments in the past , the british after the brexit drama as well or the turks after voting for estrogen ( erdogan ? ) . 
  now its serbian and russia 's turn . 
   it did n't work quite well for them last time . 
  and neither worked well for turkey thought . 
  as far as i 'm concerned cyprus is still recognized as a whole while the occupied part is isolated . 
  yeah , imagine if we start carving new boarders for each minority who want it 's independence ? 
  usa will dissolve to a clusterfuck of hundreds small latin , asian and african american independent countries . 
  it will be even worse if we start using minorities as a form of unorthodox weapon against their host countries , i hope we can at least agree on that . 
   why ? 
  because it was a cheap geopolitical move by usa only to counter russia 's influence in the balkans and give them the ability to have a say in the region . 
  albania and kosovo is now their de facto '' puppet '' countries . 
  now i do n't really care about the bickering between usa and russia , i ` am a usa supporter myself , but removing a dejure region of a country and recognizing it as interdependent only to play the ` who 's the bigger man around here ' game , is dangerous and disgusting practice . 
  as you may have seen , kosovo '' independence '' certainly did n't make the balkans a more loving place . 
  now we have a partially recognize ghost country inside the balkans that no one wants to deal with . 
  well , as one of the average greeks , i certainly do . 
  in fact , most people in my family and friends from both left or right wing spectrum will tell you the same thing . 
  feel free to make a question in r/greece about the subject if you want . 
  our subreddit is pretty well balanced in terms of ideologies and i 'm sure that you 'll get some very informed and rounded answers . 
  you do n't seem to know enough about geopolitics , if you really believe what you just wrote that is . 
  oh believe me mate , bavarians love their culture more than what you may think . 
  other than that , germany and austria are pretty close culturally so it 's not the same with greece and fyrom . 
  a better example would be if poland was trying to rename their country bavaria and here we can all agree that germany would ' t let such a thing to happen . 
  i 'm i right champ ? 
  no i do n't think so . 
  usa is trying for years with huge diplomatic pressure to make us change our stance but no greek government will dare to make such a move because it will alienate a huge part of their voting blocs and no political leader want to see his party shrinking and lose parliament seats . 
  if the serbs are crazy enough to recognize it themselves then we will too but until then , greece will keep it 's current stance . 
  then you have the albanian factor as well . 
  recognizing kosovo as independent country will give a victory point to the albanian government and the relations between albania and greece are pretty bad right now , especially after the albanian prime minister choose erdogan 's turkey as their '' protector '' country . 
  complicated but very interesting . 
  there are tons of names available for them to choose that still gives them a different identity from bulgarians . 
  vardaska or paionia are proper names of the area but they can always choose slavomacedonia to differentiate themselves from the greeks . 
  you have to understand that for us greeks , it 's not only about protecting our cultural heritage but our tourism and food industry as well . 
  charmack90 , why did you stop using the greek flag man ? 
  do n't you love us any more ? 
  you sure ? 
  it feels nice here . 
  germany feel free to do whatever you want with nikos paraskevopoulos . 
  he is the one who made this ridiculous and highly controversial law . 
  believe me , most of us hate this worm with a passion . 
  the narrating lady is hilarious . 
  she already judged the firefighters based on literally zero information or evidence . 
  '' but how such dedicated lifesavers be confused with people smugglers ? '', 
  oh you have no idea my little cute naive lady what '' dedicated '' people can do behind the curtains of their dedicated professions . 
   lol , why the hell is kithira in attica ? 
  athenian scumbags are still rocking their old imperialistic attitude towards peloponnese . 
  gib back kithira or i 'll summon the spirit of brasidas ( lvl .50 undead royal warrior ) to finish his job once and for all i mean it !, 
  you 'll see . 
  i strongly advice everyone in here to visit fox village ( between peloponnese and attica ) . 
  take your partner and some weed with you , go to the beach in front of alkyonides gulf , 1 ) role a joint , 2 ) have sex and 3 ) have fun . 
  believe me , it 's one of those do before you die thing . 
  this dude is a master troll with a dangerous case of '' notice me senpai '' issues . 
  very bad combination especially when you are the leader of 80.000.000 people . 
  turkey : be our guest . 
  me : nope . 
  worry not my turkish friend . 
  rumor has it that eu is going to be way more supportive to the kurdish cause in the near future . 
  believe me on that one , eu may not have it 's own army yet , but it 's very capable of tearing your psyche from afar , 
   the greek-owned fleet , with over than 5,272 vessels and a value approaching 86 billion usd , remains the largest in the world , in terms of tonnage capacity , says the report . 
  [ oh stop it you !, 
   so no . 
  greek state of that time was indeed interested in annexing cyprus ... 
  the greek state not the greek people remember ? 
  we had a dictatorship and dictators are not they kind of people who give a sh!t about population approval ratings and democratic elections ( turks know that better than all of us ) . 
  do you really believe that after a catastrophic world war 2 and a civil war immediately after , the population would approve yet for another war ? 
  i do n't . 
   it is not like greek government gives two fucks about well being of cypriots . 
  we saw that during the 1970s events . 
  so spare us from that mumbo jumbo .
