  your forgot that greece until 1974 was governed by a junta with an army who had little to no power and broken into different factions each with it 's own loyalties . 
  the majority of greek population was against any provocative moves towards the turkish population of cyprus . 
   i mean it is ridcioulus to state that they were first greek , then assimilated into albanians , then back to greeks ... 
  it may sound funny today but it was happening constantly back then especially in regions conquered by different empires all the time . 
  [ high five !, 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/a0h7saqon67no/giphy.gif ), 
   my point is to make it simple to understand : 1 ) at some point of time the arvanites were albanians , either they like it or not . 
  and as i said in my original comment , they were originally greeks that later lost their identity due to assimilation with the albanian culture by the ottoman population transfer policy . 
  luckily for them , most of arvanites were able to keep their greek identity and this is why you saw so many of them fighting in the greek war of independence for greece 's freedom and this is why they do n't like calling them albanians . 
   their native language is a dialect of albanian , either they like it or not . 
  that language is pretty much dead by now and no one use it except a couple of elderly arvanites . 
  most of them prefer to speak their original language , greek . 
   as i said , today they consider themselves greek . 
  what someone wants to be considered is their right . 
  indeed they do because they are greeks . 
  now if you want to call them albanians without their consent , be my guest . 
   well they are albanian by blood as genetics show . 
  who takes these genetics tests seriously in 2017 ? 
  no ethnic group is pure blooded , it never was and it never will be , simple as that . 
  i as an example , consider myself greek because 1 ) i was born in greece/cyprus 2 ) both of my parents were born here 3 ) my grandparents were born here as well 4 ) i speak greek 5 ) i am caucasian . 
  ** that 's it !, 
  ** nothing more nothing less . 
  i do n't care if my older ancestors were vikings varangians mercenaries working for a byzantine duke or whatever because it does n't really matter . 
  national identity is not about blood purity . 
   greece also fueled the south unrest hoping to claim territories in the south . 
  how about you stop playing paradox interactive games for a while . 
  these are cheaply made defensive fortifications , build at certain locations to protect soldiers from various small arms like military rifles and maybe grenade fragments . 
   nuclear shelter lmao you mean these small [ bunkers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/03/07albanisch_makedonische_grenze02.jpg/280px-07albanisch_makedonische_grenze02.jpg ) ? 
   they are descended from illyrians and speak the illyrian language . 
  the general consensus for the illyrians is that most of them were culturally absorbed from the romans and as such , they left no evidence or traces about their language or customs . 
  on the other hand , modern day albania 's history starts during the middle age as a small byzantine principality completely unrelated with the illyrians . 
   and the ones living in south greece are called arvanites . 
  arvanites were greeks ( and still are as most of them identifing as greeks even today ) that eventually '' lost '' their greek culture after the ottomans started [ relocating and repopulating ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_transfer#ottoman_empire ) various parts of the empire from one place to another . 
  arvanites were effectively the product of these re-populations from the greek cultural sphere to albanian . 
  from the wiki ** while linguistic scholarship unanimously describes arvanitika as a dialect of albanian [ 10 ] many arvanites are reported to dislike the use of the name `` albanian '' to designate it , [ 9 ] as it carries the connotation of albanian nationality and is thus felt to call their greek identity into question . 
  how many men are participating in the operation ? 
   1996 imia crisis . 
  yes i remember a turkish admiral who had clear orders to start shooting one of the islets but he was too scared to execute the order . 
  what was his name ? 
   cyprus war yep it was between cyprus and turkey . 
  greece could n't participate because we were under a junta and the army was literally broken into million factions . 
  turkey send 40.000 soldiers , greece send something close to 1500 . 
  luckily for us , things have changed quite a lot from back then . 
   turkish army are not on the same level anyways . 
  this will come off as i am insulting greeks but it is the way it is , meanwhile turkey is 8 times bigger than greece but the two countries have the same size fleet , almost the same size air force and the same technology . 
  bruh , turkish army is weaker than you think . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zmlgyymfd8 ), 
  god you 're boring . 
   modern greece shares basically nothing with ancient greece . 
  we share a close language , a beautiful alphabet , half of our names are coming from ancient greece , most of our cities and toponyms are the same with ancient greece , we share the same powerful sea culture and the list goes on and on ... 
   what i see is a country that has a completely revisionnist and nationalistic narrative ... something 's iffy with your eyes then . 
  please visit an eye specialist as soon as possible . 
   it 's stranger to police what other people in other countries must feel about their own connection to the past . 
  very innocent viewpoint you have there . 
  we are merely protecting our history and our people . 
  do n't forget that we have 2 million greek macedonians demanding ( and rightly so ) from the greek governments to protect their hellenic heritage from a newborn slavic country that tries to rewrite their history . 
  greece lost tens of thousands of men and women trying to free macedonia from the ottoman empire during the balkan wars and we do n't intent to throw it away now . 
  anyway the dispute is way more complicated than what you may think . 
   it would still boil down to people taking the accomplishments of someone dead for over two thousand years and claiming they were somehow better for it . 
  you better get used to that because humans in general love to relate with our past . 
  others culturally , others ideologically and others in a most pan humanistic way . 
  that 's how we are . 
  some weeks ago , i was camping with 5 of my friends in a mountain 18 kilometers away from civilization and we were able to make a nice fire with only a couple of sticks and some tinder . 
  was it wrong of me to feel a nice surge of euphoria and at the same time to be in awe for the early humans and their ability to survive with nothing but their environment ? 
  would it be wrong for me to feel proud of the greek people who were able to become some of the best merchants while under ottoman occupation and then win their freedom and restore a huge part of their original lands ? 
   whoosh trying to mimic the sound of the falling helicopter ? 
  try that , whoosh ^ whoosh ^ ^ whoosh ^ ^ ^ whoosh ... ** boom ** !, 
   there are still turk ( ish cypriots ) living on cyprus . 
  would n't call that a failure . 
  yes , cyprus had a turkish population from way back when the whole island was an ottoman eyalet . 
  today the actual turkish population is only 30 % i think ? 
  i would n't call that a victory ( and neither a loss ) . 
   nor is greece enforcing their 12nm claim . 
  it 's bound to happen sooner or later with the exception of some island that they are way too close to your shores . 
  international laws and all that . 
   turkey does n't have apaches . 
  ah yes my bad , it was an [ ah1 cobra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he9aa8_ikm4 . ), 
   we go after stuff that actually matters , like land or territorial waters ... and failing miserably to all of them ? 
  i mean , you know you are a bottom tier when you open a million issues with every country around you and still have n't won even one of them . 
   or forcing pkk camps to be closed . 
  v0v and killing a bunch of a of innocent kurdish families while you 're at it or losing apache helicopters to sandal wearing kurdish militia !, 
  turkish army in a nutshell . 
  good job, 
   6 = ma qi dun oh no you did n't !, 
  i ca n't feel sympathy for the man either . 
  killing animals for survival is one thing , but killing animals for crowd pleasure is fucked up . 
  there is no need for / s. 
  both countries were struggling against the ottoman occupation and later during the balkan wars we fought on the same side . 
  two major wars that gave us the opportunity to double our size and cripple the ottomans from the balkans is a pretty valid reason for excellent relations between the two countries , is it not ? 
  oh and let 's not forget that greece is one of the few countries on the un that usa could n't persuade/pressure to recognize kosovo . 
  no bad feelings against your people though . 
   greece is a bro too . 
  we are indeed , 
  yep , kaiju 's name is erdogan and he is already trying to eat both of our countries right now as we speak . 
  luckily for us , he started with turkey first . 
  what did he said ? 
   there 's no rivalry with them . 
  no of course not , i was only joking . 
  and the slavs were no joke either . 
  bulgarians in particular were kicking ass back in the day .
