and i told you that this is not a balkan trait but a general human one . 
  some humans are obsessed with history and maybe some of them take history too personal but that 's ok dude . 
  it 's a part of human nature . 
   why do i need your permission to reflect on our shitty habits yes next time speak for yourself please . 
  people in the balkans ? 
  people everywhere more like it as i have seen plenty of europeans discussing history and most of the time it leads to a shitstorm . 
  that 's totally fine . 
  humans like to discuss various topics , history and past glories included . 
  why , do i need your permission to exchange thoughts or even quarrel with a turk over a historical topic ? 
  erdogan 's stupidity is well known by now but i do n't think is stupid enough to kill himself with his own laws . 
  presidents will be excluded from the lists . 
  yeah . 
  it 's kinda strange when you have terrible governments for years and at the same time an efficient army who can get a job done . 
  it makes you wish for strange things from time to time if you know what i mean . 
  we just finished two major military exercises . 
  you can watch a small trailer to take a taste here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm_zuv8eico or you can watch the whole thing but it 's quite long . 
  edit : this trailer is made by the hellenic national defense general staff . 
  no we did , you did n't . 
  times such as these needs a serious government running by experienced officials and ministers . 
  syriza came to power based on lies ( as everyone else ) made some of the strongest counties in europe enemies using petty extortion and blackmailing . 
  he demonized the germans citizens for crimes made by nazis for fuck sake . 
  he started a war against the church in the worst possible time while most of the poor citizens are getting food and clothing by the church . 
  most undiplomatic move in the chronicles of narnia . 
  he tried to brake eu sanctions against russia supporting in a way the annexation of crimea . 
  stathakis himself admitted that they 've maid serious mistakes in the first year due to their inexperience of governing a country . 
  give me a brake dude , this government is dangerous for greece in ways you ca n't even imagine . 
  yeah man , sure . 
   and you do n't have to deal with -20 degrees in winter . 
  winter in epirus macedonia and thrace is long and full of terror . 
  hell , even central regions like thessaly can have extremely cold winters . 
  you ca n't do that while communist running ( ruining ) the country . 
  there are tons of people like me here , atheists but nationalists at the same time and of course we 'll be happy to side with the church against a communist party any time . 
  we are atheists yes but that does n't mean we do n't acknowledge the importance of the greek orthodoxy in our modern history . 
  i 'll just say one thing . 
  mogherini makes me hard!that 's it , bye . 
  baltic like we say balkan or scandinavian ? 
  how does a broad term like baltic gives you an identity ? 
  i thought officially your people are among the west slavic culture group , i 'm i wrong ? 
  i know i was kinda rough with my comment and sorry for that but i 've seen so many different comments about this matter on this subreddit . 
  slavic , baltic , native , nordic to name a few . 
  first try to solve your identity issues like nordic/slavic/else , then embrace said identity and start promoting it aggressively . 
  as it stands right now you are just some ex soviet aliens in my book . 
  i mean literally if you throw a glance at the germanic countries you 'll see vast amount of awesomeness . 
  the same for italy or portugal , spain , hungary , the nordics , france , greece , romania , poland , uk , ireland , bulgaria ( yes this country almost bring the eastern roman empire to it 's knees ) and the list of extremely interesting european countries goes on and on . 
  but latvia ? 
  nope , nothing comes to mind . 
   well , i already have never understood why had you guys advanced eastward than izmir ? 
  what were you thinking to find there , heaven ? 
  simple , combine a typical restore byzantium mindset , add some greed to make it spicy and you have this bloodbath . 
  greeks were like : yeah dude advance eastwards until we hit china !, 
  and the turks were like : nope !, 
  why the hostility man , did someone raped your butt there or something ? 
  i mean your profile is full of hate comments against greece so you must have a serious reason , right ? 
   having lowered their heads themselves , they ask of others to bend over for the same assholes while at the same time trying to defend overreacting like a pro !, 
  dude relax for fuck sake , yeah i get it , some people are reckless dog owners but acting like a bitch in reddit wo n't solve the problem . 
  do n't be an asshole man . 
  you have a point with your photos i 'll give you that but try to stay away from ignorant generalizations . 
  i myself had a lot of reckless dog owners letting their dogs piss around my gsxr but i never called shithole my town or other people for this reason . 
  put your bike in a garage or deal with situations like these . 
  you get what you pay . 
   and greece had a worst tourism year so less revenue from services . 
  what ? 
  2016 was one of the most successful years for tourism . 
  with the region around us in flames 90 % of the tourists change their destination for our peaceful cozy greece . 
  hey turks , keep voting for erdogan pls . 
  in the mean time my broken english made this comment way more evil than i ever indented . 
   weed is also a party drug damn you 're lucky !, 
  every time i smoke weed my sociability drops to zero . 
  i mean , i still enjoy getting high but only when i 'm able to be alone and relax with a movie , music or a bethesda game . 
  strange stuff . 
   and serbia will gain absolutely nothing by fighting over kosovo which is made up of different peoples and religion . 
  if religion and the people is the one factor for new independent countries , usa would have been a clusterfuck of individual african/latin/asian nations by now . 
  and guess what ? 
  independence movements are illegal in united states . 
   balkans will balkan . 
  kosovo will be serbia 's hot coal and by holding on to it it they will only burn themselves . 
  cut the memes for a second champ and use your brain for a change . 
  can you name me one country in europe who can accept the lose of their de jure territory ? 
  i 'm waiting . 
   the truth is we are so insignificant on the world stage , that we were never on russia 's radar it 's mostly about power projection from russia 's part . 
  something like , here i am , if you keep giving me a hard time with ukraine/syria/poland / embargo i can still use my influence in the balkans . 
  i have serbia and slavic macedonia on my hand and i can easily mingle with two of your member states , greece and bulgaria . 
  i think gruevski used the russia card as a way to put pressure in europe/usa for their diplomatic blockade against him . 
  tsipras did the same thing for different reasons . 
  very bold tactic that can damage relations very easily if not played right . 
  that 's what happens when you try to steal a greek name for your country !, 
  zeus is angry with you fyrom . 
  anyway i 'm joking , now that your name is bound to change zeus will leave you alone , do n't worry about it . 
  nah , i 'm joking again , hephaestus is the one to blame . 
   just interested ( plz do n't lynch the kraut ) , but why do you oppose austerity ? 
  mainly because we have n't seen any noteworthy change in our economy for all the sacrifices we 've made . 
  the way austerity measures introduced here in greece back in 2008 was dreadful to say the least . 
  the lower class got annihilated and the middle class took their place . 
  my father as an example , lost 500 euros from his monthly pension and now he is getting 900e per month . 
  this dude ( my father ) was working from 13 years old child , and now he sees all of his hard work disappearing to oblivion for a lost cause !, 
  my monthly salary took a huge hit , others lost their jobs completely . 
  i personally would n't give a shit for all the money i lost , as long as our economy was getting back on rails but sadly it does n't and this story goes on from 2008 . 
  come mitros , give me a brotherly hug man ... sniff ( \u0ca5 \u0ca5 ), 
  man the situation is fucked up for me as a right wing dude !, 
  i do n't like this so called euromed team because all of the south leaders are socialists ( minus rajoy ) , but still i do n't want my country and my people getting destroyed by sch\u00e4uble and his retarded austerity measures and right now only socialists go against him .
