  really dudes ? 
  you are making right winger greeks like me to support a leftist coalition ? 
  ( \u0ca5 \u0ca5 ) y u do dis to me europe ? 
  the crisis in greece started in 2008 . 
  2012 was almost the same with 2016 economy wise if not worst . 
  strong family values and a lot of friends is what keeping greeks and italians happy , something that the north is starting to forget . 
  what the f@ck man !, 
  maybe you got downvoted because calling them macedonians shows that you are supporting the nationalists from fyrom ? 
  i mean , do you have any idea how these bulgarian speaking people came to calling themselves macedonians today ? 
  do you know how much the local albanian population still suffering today from this ridiculous process of new identity building ? 
  maybe it 's time for you to study why a civil war started in 2001 between the albanian and slavic communities of fyrom . 
  chill out there my finnish friend . 
  listen , i understand that your people share some anti-russian sentiment for historical or geopolitical reasons but that does n't mean that everyone in the globe have to hate russians . 
  as a greek i share some negative feelings for the turkish people and their leaders but other countries have great relations with turkey and that 's fine . 
  different countries different relations . 
  and stop getting triggered so easily if your want to live a little longer my nordic friend . 
  maybe it 's time for you to take your friends and family and come here in greece for relaxing vocations ? 
  you mean he was n't fyromian . 
  ok i 'm joking . 
  now about the name , we both have to accept something that does n't fuck with each other culture . 
  the name slav macedonian tells the story closest to reality . 
  a combination of a slavic/greek culture . 
  this is the most realistic for both parties and i can guarantee you that both our countries will become brother nations after a couple generations . 
  guarantee 100 % . 
  so , f@ck this ass@@le gruevski go vote for a reasonable person and then let 's sit down and talk like humans . 
  only good things will come for both countries after that . 
  but alexander was macedonian and ancient macedonians were greeks . 
  this is an indisputable fact . 
  only a fraction of the current fyrom 's boarders was part of the ancient greek kingdom . 
  i do n't know who carved and when this circle you have for boarders today but it 's very difficult to make a nation out of it . 
  part of it is albanian the other is bulgarian . 
  if you want my opinion , tell you prime minister to accept the name slavomacedonia and slavomacedonians for the ethnicity of your people and everything will be ok for both slavs and greeks . 
  instant nato membership for you , less problems for us and a huge stability boost in the region . 
  cheers . 
  ok mate , fair enough . 
  there are some greeks here with the same stance and ideology as yours . 
  nothing wrong with that i guess . 
  because both our countries have already powerful histories . 
  we both know who we are and what 's our place in history . 
  turks and greeks do n't claiming historical figures from each other as fyrom does from greece bulgaria serbia and albania . 
  would you be ok if a newly independent syrian kurdish state start plagiarize turkish history and land as their own ? 
   i 'm perfectly healthy . 
  for now . 
  we can always use them as experiments . 
  pharmaceutical companies can do wonders if they stop using retarded rats and monkeys and of course pedo-lovers will become useful for once . 
  i 'm not hating , just saying . 
   while i 'm all in favor of applying a more military solution judge not lest ye be judged my greek friend . 
  i do n't think the next few months are going to end well for you . 
  yer more likely to end up the `` refugee center '' than libya . 
  with golden down in the third place , no greek government will accept greece to become a refugee junkyard . 
  that aside , there is already a huge anti european sentiment here in greece . 
  if eu start stabbing it 's own members in troublesome times such us these , it will only tear itself apart . 
  byzantine empire without cyprus ? 
  you need to stop all of this genetics and agenda shit . 
  chill out man . 
   i am sure some greeks facepalmed when he said that . 
  i mean if you come to my face and call me a turk in a provocative way like a jackass , i 'll probably give you a headbutt to the nose but other than that i do n't believe people here will take it as an insult . 
  i have seen plenty of turks in my life so i know that we both look mediterranean . 
  ah , ok then my mosquito loving friend , please forgive me for jumping to conclusions about your character and i hope we see you again soon :p, 
  thank you my good sir . 
  enjoy your stay ( seriously dude , your username is creeping me out , please do n't go full cannibal while you are here ), 
  but why ? 
  i thought it would be the other way around due to implication that modern turks look more european than turkic . 
  i mean , one could say that modern turkey is populated by way too many european looking people ... especially your western part ... dude , your people are remnants of the byzantine greeks are n't they ? 
   alexandrewko the gretko . 
  / s it 's alexandrovski mate , get your facts straight . 
  well said . 
  firstly , you are albanian , this is a known fact in r/greece . 
  secondly , you are swearing to much , chill out . 
  who told you that a wealthy nation with an educated population does n't give a damn about it 's borders or history ? 
  with your logic if poland decide one day to annex brandenburg from germany , germans would be like : yeah dude take it , no problem . 
  hey czech republic , do you want bavaria ? 
  we are wealthy and educated so we do n't mind giving away some states to our lovely neighbors . 
  logic . 
  do n't mind him , mindalero is a good guy but he can be pretty harsh against serbians in general no matter the context of their comments . 
   religion shaping the way you think about things ... everything around you can shape the way you thing , religions included . 
  ideologies , your friends and family , a tv show , a clever advertisement etc. 
  tldr version . 
  the west is trying to push communism and soviet influence out of europe and the balkans , yugoslavia is slowly starting to break into new independent countries most of them based on their rich pre ottoman history but some others completely artificial . 
  fyrom was one of those artificial countries with a serbo-bulgarian culture and a huge albanian population . 
  to keep the country from falling apart , it 's leaders tried to make the population as homogeneous as possible by pushing a narrative that they are ancient '' macedonians '' and renaming their bulgarian language as '' macedonian '' . 
  fyrom 's aggresive propaganda is starting to mess with greek history and territorial integrity , greece is trying to deal with the new problematic country using various diplomatic tools and today both countries are negotiating for a name that does n't involve greek history . 
   bulgaria became part of the ottoman empire at the end of the 14th century and spent hundreds of years under its rule . 
  yeah ... google storytelling rated pg-5 . 
   have you seen any erdogan supporters on reddit ? 
  are you trolling me my good sir ? 
  i can already feel their presence right here , right now , watching and getting ready to write some shit . 
  they are usually burred somewhere at the bottom of the comment section though so ... there 's that . 
   are you truly comparing guerrilla warfare with a potential war between two nations ? 
  wtf is your problem ? 
  ok then ... i did n't know that guerrilla 's hit and run tactics can be equal with a modern army who 's rockets are able to hit your pink nose from miles away . 
  fuck our expensive european defensive armies then , who needs tanks , submarines air defence systems and f-16 when you have farmers wearing slippers armed with ak47 right ? 
  and to be a little more serious , guerrilla warfare tactics are nice and all but you use them only as a last resort , to drop the morale of an attacking force , slow their progress or to supplement the needs of your actual army if you have one . 
  turkey 's '' mighty '' armed forces are trying to win a war against a guerrilla group for 30 ridiculous years now , jesus man . 
   we modern humans should n't be threatening each other for a bunch of rocks on the sea . 
  i do n't know man , i personally love my rocks so i prefer to keep them thank you very much . 
  i know you have a couple of those rocky islets in the aegean as well , if you do n't like them feel free to give them to me . 
   they are the ones who know best what a turkish soldier can do when appropriate . 
  i do n't know man , all i remember was a kurdish fighter wearing sandals , casually destroying a turkish attack helicopter from a mountain and then cheering with his friend like a warrior . 
  i mean , if you ca n't even beat a sandal wearing dude , what luck do you have against a country armed to the teeth like greece ?
