  mad is a different matter entirely and could easily end us all . 
  the wars just shifted to proxy conflicts and forms of death that dont get counted , like people needlessly dying while ressources to save them were wasted on a nuclear arms race . 
  edit : i wonder how many people got cancer because of the posturing they call atmospheric testing, 
  good , more money for important things . 
  funny how that never seems to work out . 
  except if the peace refers only to our homes . 
  it would have to be a new army , abolish the bundeswehr and found an entirely new organization so everyone knows what they sign up for . 
  even if you had many fancy jets , what good would they do . 
  realistically they will just be expensive toys in the air in a sucky game you dont want to play . 
  isnt it ? 
  doesnt need to be a rich dude , i know people who bought new cars in cash . 
  personal preference ? 
  maybe i hate banks . 
  look at snoop , you think he planned to pay a mobster ? 
  you have more than one ? 
  upvote for glorious truth . 
  pff it has become clear you could tell the german ( and austrian ) people water is dry and they would believe it as long as the bildzeitung runs with it . 
  fucking culture of rtl loving plebs , the funny part is we are on the educated side of the population at large . 
  those days are long past . 
  today its dschungelcamp and whoresons like lefloid . 
  yeah the association between cheap oil and foreign military and covert operations should have been obvious , since the americans didnt overthrow their government they deserve imploding skyscrapers am i right ? 
  dont even try to tell me its not the same thing , more people will die in greece as a direct result of austerity . 
  they didnt borrow shit , their corrupt politicians did . 
  that whole line of thinking is bs , its like if i told you after a terror attack on your country : well what do you expect when you conduct operations abroad . 
  as if the dead had anything to do with it . 
  lol people are just happy to get their wages , this money wont go towards any debtslavery payments it goes directly into the greek economy which is wonderful . 
  damn those suck bad, 
  they cited rising cybercrime as one of the reasons lol . 
  now we know what they meant, 
  or just take a huge shit on ttip , thats more realistic . 
  you seem butthurt . 
  the netherlands have their own gas so you maybe dont notice but the rest of europe didnt freeze because russia was late on deliveries . 
  you know exactly what to expect from them , just dont fuck with them . 
  the problem is when governments dont act in the best interest of the people ( ever seen something like this ? 
  lol ) . 
  for example in an intellectual blackout my country voted the ultra corrupt far right into power 2000-2006 costing us billions . 
  with an agreement like ttip in place the damage is potentially limitless . 
   collapsed and all of europe is in total shit except for switzerland . 
  well it held true in the past . 
  lol, 
  we know about him alright , but our local joints just suck for the most part . 
  10/10 what was the question again ? 
   that 's why the uk did not join . 
  ehhh , no . 
  you guys just dont get it , in a free market you manipulate the state to improve your business and thats exactly whats happening . 
  hence germoney, 
  lol, 
  sounds like / r/kreiswichs, 
  the antifreeze scandals helped transform austrian wine for the better . 
  funny twist . 
  thx !, 
  the bombs got dropped before the plane crashed , the one that survived the fall landed on a parachute and the safety measures prevented it from going off . 
  not exactly the same as [ an airplane ripped apart by sam fire ] ( http://imgur.com/wcoeknz ), 
  yeah , no . 
  nukes dont work like this , north koreas may not be complex but its not stuff you light on fire and then it explodes . 
  if the wrong tiny part gets damaged it is no longer functional . 
  doubtful it would survive a planecrash or even the initial rocketblast that caused it . 
  who would even design a bomb that goes off when the forklift falls over . 
  it shatters to a million pieces scattering its radioactive components across the landscape . 
  if they werent `` save '' from plane crashes do you think they would let them fly around their own mainland ? 
  you want colossal waste ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanislav_petrov in 1983 ** one man ** averted nuclear armageddon . 
  its pure luck that any of us are alive . 
  imagine watching it from the iss . 
  no more supply ships, 
  cost and decoys also play a huge part . 
  todays sams are too powerful for them to be a threat . 
  there doesnt even need to be a war https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanislav_petrov and this happened before i was even born , scary shit . 
  `` ungeniert '' means more like `` without shame '' than `` freely '' also its not a life motto or anything , its something to say about assholes, 
  lol , all thats left is the eu sign on the wall . 
  even the roof is gone wtf . 
  it wont work , they will just sand the surface . 
  the only ones who can outmuscle anyone are those with muscles . 
  all cost ? 
  you say it yourself , a firecracker instead of a bomb . 
  what a thing to say , now tsipras is to blame for the cost of the greeks ? 
  lol listen to yourself , you are one personified contradiction . 
  this wont do any good as long as we have something like gchq working so close with them inside the eu also the lack of interest here scares me, 
  there are plenty in austria and germany too . 
  italians just dont have the same laws . 
  fork the mods some btc to get him banned , 
  media is powerful . 
  is / u/leadingthenet name vlad ? 
   england and wales , for instance ? 
  omg , so what is it considered then ? 
  edit : nvm found the answer on wikipedia '' however , in neither england and wales , scotland or northern ireland can a female be legally charged with ` rape ' . 
  ( she must be instead charged with other offenses such as sexual assault , or assault by penetration ) . '', 
  just the german people are getting worse , great job mutti !, 
  and the germans love it !, 
  o dear the money invested in food speculation doesnt do shit for your local business . 
  saying some heir to a fortune earned it while a lifelong hardworking poor doesnt is some serious mental defect dude . 
  were you born this way or is it the result of propaganda ? 
  what part about `` i know '' didnt you understand ? 
  i didnt find a nice little meshup with spiegel frontpages so i wrote it out instead . 
  edit : here you go you fucking shit for brains reality deniers http://imgur.com/njdsn1x http://imgur.com/cxwn7ir, 
   increased production and gdp can not exist without the flow of money why you got upvoted and thorwing downvoted is beyond me fucking idiots in this sub, 
  not everyone can find a job , there is simply not enough paid work to go around . 
  its only going to get worse too with automation rising in almost every sector . 
  if you think you cant be replaced by a script or robot , think again . 
  good !,
