love how polanlingo is growing . 
  maybe he wanted to do something like [ this ] ( http://www.fierljeppe.nl/typo3temp/pics/oane_galama_fk_winsum_2010_f09582a2e4.jpg ), 
  restaurant \u2260 fastfood chain, 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 ___ \u5350\u5350\u5350\u5350 do n't mind me just taking my mods for a walk didnt dominos even admit their pizza sucks ass and vow reform ? 
  a strange comment from someone posting to / r/cynicalbrit and / r/wow you sure you didnt reply to the wrong comment ? 
  oh god go away with your srs bullshit . 
  calzone goes folded into the oven, 
   obviously i would be a very kind f\u00fchrer if at least we had a pure democracy i could accept that we deserve the society we live in . 
  the way it is now , with most people ignorant or ill informed , voting corrupt assholes into power because they swallow everything , its just sickening . 
  what we need is some kind of scifi internet democracy . 
  yeah i know , things could be much worse but you dont argue that you dont have to clean your shitter just because your neighbours one is overflowing with crap too . 
  well , he has little choice its not like he can go be mad 500 years ago . 
  chile , colombia and especially mexico . 
   should be using gmos anyway . 
  its either that or pesticies and chemicals . 
  looool as if gmo would do anything to prevent use of chemicals . 
   i think if we manage to get it signed , along with the very low energy prices , we 're finally looking at some solid gdp growth across the eu . 
  im dying lol , this is why democracy sucks . 
  looking at similar agreements the us made with other countries i think its bad for europe . 
  considering that uatoday is full of shit more often than not and brand new tanks make little sense for the seperatists i remain cautious . 
  you believed bush when he showed you those pics of saddams wmds eh ? 
  falling back on the kindergarten tactics so soon ? 
   see no argument . 
  just weak personal attscks . 
  you want arguments to ignore look a few posts up . 
  lol o boy . 
  you dont even know what a fascist is , thats what i know . 
  i am not the one using the `` yes i know what you are but what am i '' tactic . 
  if you want to prove anyone wrong you should try out these things called arguments . 
  true , 
  how is kindergarten going ? 
  even if this is true , contrast far right political parties and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xkufc7ilnc this doesnt compare . 
  and who funds this ? 
  they broadcasted this themselfes they are not even ashamed . 
  edit : these fuckers even use stylized nazi symbolic , ss runes wolfsangel schwarze sonne etc. 
  open your fucking eyes, 
  ahh !, 
  thanks , 
  the guy even got a medal from the queen for this ? 
  lol, 
  `` fuckin ' mon , then '' lol , what does it mean ? 
  no , all politicians are corrupt and lie its a small miracle to find a honest one . 
  the reason it was toppled was because someone shot at the protesters . 
  protesting was not made illegal lol , go read about the laws https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-protest_laws_in_ukraine you know whats funny ? 
  actual fascists and neonazis from all over europe going to ukraine to fight for kiev . 
  how come the only territory annexed by the russians is of strategic importance if its goal is colonialism or imperialism ? 
  its great but not killing each other and being united are far apart imo , 
   how about those countries are sovereign entities and if russia wants to maintain them as allies , it should be friendly and not belligerent towards them ? 
  exactly , so why did the elected government in ukraine get toppled ? 
  could it have something to do with the anti-icbm system contracts being signed across east europe ? 
   because it 's more comfortable blaming others than recognizing your own failures . 
  take a look in the mirror . 
  you parrot the hawk propaganda without shame . 
   everyone got invaded at one point or another . 
  holy shit even the us ? 
  better than good intentions and still not moving a finger , 
  united ? 
  you dont really live in europe do you ? 
  no more squatting ? 
  yeah right . 
  you think you can get that kind of money by working hard ? 
  lol, 
  : / makes perfect sense though , lets you survive and makes you stay away from battles in the future . 
  wow lol , he has an agenda mr 5 days old downvote brigade asshole . 
  i guess its smile or go crazy under those circumstances . 
  lmao , dat sources, 
  why, 
  if only everyone would go all gestapo on the banks instead . 
   i do n't see any advantages to normal `` hard '' currency . 
  nah we are talking `` it ` s just the matter of time '' also your perceptions about banks and bitcoin are twisted and fucked up . 
  yes , every time paypal or visa disgruntles another store or customer ( every day ) bitcoin gets another user . 
  breaking news , man hallucinating in cave . 
  obviously all europeans are stupid , murica # 1 fuck yeah . 
  bullshit , ever heard of wage dumping ? 
  do you think the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer is a myth ? 
  trade and industry boom ( lol ) is worthless if the people dont get any of the profits but all of the downsides . 
  i dont know , since its mostly young people on reddit who were kids when the soviets were around i dont think that would be the case . 
  putin or any heads of state shouldnt be the focus of this anyways . 
  more likely the cnn . 
  i honestly dont care what rotten thought drives you . 
  just what europe needed , a hate spreading burger . 
  interesting , but still , the hightech wall ( or the double sand filled one ) has its uses . 
  3 bags high ... 
  if you build the same wall with sandbags it will just topple over . 
  yeah if you have no problem with space you can build 3 meter thick walls . 
  if you have no problem with time you can even repair them cheap , wow . 
  and what are you going to do about it ? 
  not help me and then let a dictator liberate me ? 
  oh dear what am i going to do without you . 
  you guys are so funny when someone lets you in that you are not the worlds knights in shining armor . 
  bet guys like you would kill themselfes over the guilttrip that is german/austrian education . 
  before the end of ww2 the nazis even moved entire trainloads of [ chernozem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chernozem ) to germany . 
  do the same video with a wall of sandbags , im sure you can imagine the outcome, 
  you did just let them in the end , and then again . 
  sounds like a rare breed of teacher . 
  peasants troughout history were stepped on . 
  shit , just looked at your comments . 
  you are one sad mofo , is there anything you dont hate ? 
  i am , because im not a sad hateful bigoted coward . 
  all the while the bestest guys run secret torture prisons around the globe .
