i had to watch tarzan in slovakia with subs because every other film in the cine-plex was dubbed . 
  at least it was n't half bad . 
  [ chinatown - london ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/max_1200/7180e433479747.56ac7b083cec9.jpg ) [ camden town - london ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/max_1200/8fbc8733479747.56ac7b086c0bb.jpg ), 
  people do in on tower bridge and security just chops them right off . 
  fucking retarded practice . 
  objectively . 
  i do n't like the eu . 
  i love europe but the eu can burn . 
  fuck what they 're saying man , regardless of your political stance . 
  once again , in english please . 
  its funny because the uk actually has one of the worlds highest standards of dental health . 
  travelling through europe , however , czech republic , slovakia , romania , and i 've seen far more toothless people walking around . 
  which hopefully results in the eu 's collapse . 
  i think he mistook your flair for an italian flag rofl . 
  nah , the bbc world service is our face to the world . 
  there for the 1 % ... 
  anyone with a decent wage can treat themselves to a meal at a michellin starred restaurant its not as expensive as you 're making it out to be . 
  to imply that someone who is n't in the 1 % ca n't be interested enough to dine in a michellin starred restaurant is a bit silly . 
   macdonald 's is among the most consumed food in the world , what does it prove ? 
  mcdonalds is n't an award winning restaurant . 
  cheddar is an award winning cheese . 
   ... said the man boasting about michelin stars of his chefs ( which are still behind spain , germany , the netherlands , switzerland ... ) those numbers are per capita . 
  grenada has the most olympic medals per capita but it does n't make them the greatest sporting nation . 
  the dishes were all invented here and are consumed the world over , my point was how influential they were . 
  the taste and how much you like them is purely subjective . 
  having the third most michellin starred restaurants is a testament to the amount of highly trained chefs who live and work here and who are committed to the culinary arts . 
  i do n't care that you wrote its getting better , the point is that you 're still perpetuating a stereotype and by the sounds of it , one which you actually believe . 
   are you seriously boasting about your barely distinguishable cheeses to an italian ??? 
  not to discredit italian cheese obviously its extremely well renowned , however , cheddar is the most consumed cheese in the world . 
  seriously , get off your pedestal . 
  gordon ramsay has 8 michellin stars for a reason 3 of which he 's held from 2001 before he was a huge tv celebrity . 
  i mean , you can discredit certain celebrity chefs for varying reasons but some of them are in the position they are because of their dedication to their craft . 
  your point about food . 
  i replied to someone else but i 'll copy paste it here . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ve4gc/what_do_you_know_about_the_uk/de2azjt/?context=3 yeah , i mean considering we 've only got the third most michellin starred restaurants in the world , globally renowned chefs whose recipes are used on a daily basis ( gordon ramsay , jamie oliver , marco pierre white , heston blumenthal , delia smith , keith floyd , gary rhodes et al ) by people all-over and a decent catalogue of famous dishes our food is pretty shit ... 
  such a bullshit stereotype that needs to die . 
  british food is fantastic and there are plenty of aspiring chefs and foodies in this country . 
  beef wellington the sandwich fish & chips chicken tikka masala gravy sunday roast bangers/pie & mash shepherds/cottage pie apple pie ( yeah its not american ) custard or creme anglais maderia cake victoria sponge cake clotted cream ( think devon and cornwall ) even the burj dubai hotel imports cream from britain . 
  bakewell tarts cheeses used all over , especially cheddar welsh rabbit and cawl haggis ( ok , you can have this one ) anglicised bangladeshi and indian cuisine the full english breakfast . 
  and plenty more ... 
  i live in london and i 've never met a european who does n't enjoy a good full english . 
  it just works . 
  sorry to rant but i just do n't get this stereotype , we 're fucking lucky when it comes to food . 
  we have tons of amazing dishes . 
  i 'll cook a fucking pasta dish any day but i 'll never crave it as much as a good sunday roast . 
  i respect food from every culture so it hurts when everyone shits on us for having bad food without seemingly knowing how influential it really is . 
  mediterranean cuisine is by far my favourite and i 've even spent time in the kitchen of an italian chef here in london to see him at work . 
  i did n't know them or anything i just asked if i could go in and see them at work and the owner politely let me go in and see . 
  but yeah , i 'll take any stereotype about us except the one concerning our cuisine . 
  yeah , i mean considering we 've only got the third most michellin starred restaurants in the world , globally renowned chefs whose recipes are used on a daily basis ( gordon ramsay , jamie oliver , marco pierre white , heston blumenthal , delia smith , keith floyd , gary rhodes et al ) by people all-over and a decent catalogue of famous dishes our food is pretty shit ... 
  such a bullshit stereotype that needs to die . 
  british food is fantastic and there are plenty of aspiring chefs and foodies in this country . 
  beef wellington the sandwich fish & chips chicken tikka masala gravy sunday roast bangers/pie & mash shepherds/cottage pie apple pie ( yeah its not american ) custard or creme anglais maderia cake victoria sponge cake clotted cream ( think devon and cornwall ) even the burj dubai hotel imports cream from britain . 
  bakewell tarts cheeses used all over , especially cheddar welsh rabbit and cawl haggis ( ok , you can have this one ) anglicised bangladeshi and indian cuisine the full english breakfast . 
  and plenty more ... 
  i live in london and i 've never met a european who does n't enjoy a good full english . 
  it just works . 
  sorry to rant but i just do n't get this stereotype , we 're fucking lucky when it comes to food . 
  we have tons of amazing dishes . 
  i 'll cook a fucking pasta dish any day but i 'll never crave it as much as a good sunday roast . 
  someones got a chip on their shoulder ... 
  and never used it . 
  brits still use imperial too . 
  people get pissed about it all the time , i 've seen it plenty ... just because you have n't witnessed it yourself it does n't mean it is n't true . 
  the difference being the british invented the sport and all the terminology so when the yanks come along and call it something different using the same language people get triggered . 
  they 're still the british isles though lol . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles i mean , the irish can get as worked up about it as they want but geographically speaking they 're within the british isles . 
  no two ways about it . 
  bojnice castle is beautiful as well . 
  spis is fairly simple to get to . 
  there 's a road which leads right up to it where you can park and then its a short climb to the entrance . 
  it gets very busy though . 
  it 's totally worth it . 
  there 's a tower which you can climb to the top which offers fantastic views of the surrounding area and you can see high tetra off in the distance . 
  i 've driven past spis many times and its especially stunning when its lit up at night . 
  zombies are from african/caribbean culture , especially haitian culture . 
  george a romero made them popular in america with night of the living dead ( 1968 ) . 
  we started with norman conquest then moved on to life in norman times , types of castles etc and then victorian era britain and the industrial revolution leading into wwi and wwii/cold war . 
  only yanks and people who are doing it ironically use / s :p and , you 're welcome . 
  i recall learning about william the conqueror , the british empire , wwi and wwii in school . 
  maybe its not on the curriculum where you 're from but it certainly was on mine ... 
  yeah , i was just joking man . 
  you 're taking it way too seriously ... 
  i used to live in belgium . 
  that 's the point . 
  everyone on here is arguing the opposite whereas i 'm referring to the ` many ' as people i know and work with and see in the outside world . 
  that 's it mate , i 'm cancelling my bruges trip !, 
  and i definitely wo n't be signing up for wwiii in order to save your arses when you get invaded ( again ) . 
  edit : just a joke , fuck me . 
  i love belgium very much and even lived there . 
  please do n't take it too seriously ... 
  i 'd argue many have and just want to get on with it . 
  there 's a fair amount of scum too mate . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-us-uk-trade-deal-donald-trump-boris-johnson-reassurance-front-of-line-a7518131.html sigh, 
  yeah 50 % + of the population ? 
  literally nobody has le interest in le brexit except for le majority who voted for it . 
  jesus fuck me up the arse . 
  not that i 'm for or against either position , but , witness how the uk will eventually get exactly what they want . 
  it 's hard to swallow but they will ... 
  nah , cornish and devonshire folk can be pretty redneck .
