  dammit . 
  i always try finding a gaslamp , they 're great for night play . 
  i just wish you could hang those on your belt or something so i can put something in my hands in the meantime . 
  btw , why ca n't we hold different things in each hand like in most games ? 
  some items could be two handed only , but it does n't make sense to hold a flashlight or gaslamp in 2 hands ... 
  as a cs player i despise all forms of mouse acceleration . 
  without it aiming becomes much more consistent . 
  also , i 'm using very low sensitivity with a big mouse pad ( about 60cm/360 \u00b0 ) , and i had to change the sensitivity in the user config file to get it that low , but it 's possible . 
  look for it in the documents folder . 
  yea , dpi is important too . 
  many newer mouses brag with big numbers ( 4600 dpi omg best mouse ever ) although these numbers do n't make the mouse better in any way . 
  many cs pros use 300 dpi , i set mine to 600 even though it goes up to 3 thousand something . 
  also , for shooters , having the windows mouse sensitivity set to 6 is important , the other settings skip inputs or make aiming inconsistent . 
  there 's an awesome sensitivity guide somewhere on the internet , but i do n't have it bookmarked on my phone , i could post it once i 'm home if somebody is interested . 
  yup , darksouls would do fine with mouse and keyboard ... 
  if it was a good port . 
  for the song and artist name you might want to think about giving them more space ( eg . 
  by putting them in seperate rows ) so they do n't get cut off when they 're too long . 
  as a big offspring fan ... 
  i must agree aswell . 
  what a let down . 
  i 'm close to 1500 now ... 
  since dec 2012 . also finally reached legendary eagle master a few weeks ago ( and keep it this time ) . 
  nice . 
  it 's a big step to eagle though : /, 
  took me about 3 months to get it the first time , lost it 2 weeks later and got it back 6 months later x ), 
  those are actually a round behind . 
  i personally am not a fan of the logs way of placing things , i 'd rather they chabged it so everything acts like pistons again like it used to ( about 2 years ago ), 
  well , yea , but i did n't really memorize that phrase until i watched one video from liriks stream . 
  since that one video the voice saying that is ingrained in my brain forever . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  yea , there are different people doing different things , so why do n't hire more people to do the important stuff ? 
  or spend the money on better servers instead of model artists ? 
  you people forgot that a project has a limited budget and that budget needs to be managed wisely . 
  it 's not just `` omg yu do n't understand , they have 100 artists and only 1 guy doing the movement stuff so stop complaining that he 's not working faster . '', 
  it 's not early beta . 
  it 's alpha . 
  it even says so on the steam store page . 
   warning : this game is early access alpha . 
  also , rocket said a couple of times that it will stay in alpha for at least a year after launch ( so probably until 2015 ) . 
  ` early access ' is just steam 's term for `` not finished '' , so yes it includes alpha and beta . 
  or / r/eatcheapandhealthy !, 
  buffalo . 
  well apparently it exists now . 
  huh , i do n't know , the only real evidence he has is the temperature thing and the video cuts to full blood . 
  definitely suspicious , i would n't call that hard evidence though . 
  this would n't hold up in court anyways . 
  i 've also had zombies `` hitting '' me and my screen turning grey for a second without getting damaged before . 
  dayz was acting really weird once some lag came into play . 
  an aaa game that took months to fix gamebreaking bugs . 
  yay . 
  this one reminds of how / r/wheredidthesodago started . 
  ummm . 
  that 's already possible !, 
  you can make entities join a team with the @e selector . 
  not sure if stuff like friendly fire works with them though . 
  that 's not `` balanced '' . 
  i guess you could balance it by making the time lower than original , just like the time gets reduced when you craft a tier ii potion . 
  actually the front car was still moving . 
  just look at it 's shadow . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's just in the new snapshot ( have n't used it yet ) but i did manage to do it in one of the last ones . 
  my game never crashed . 
  i remember giving the mob a name and see if the nametag would get the teams color , it did n't : / so i doubt team-rules like friendly-fire and so on would affect them at the moment . 
  definitely something to look at !, 
  it works if you 've set it up right . 
  you can also set it up to display the temp in the taskbar . 
  if you could just combine the speed ii with some cheap longer duration potion to get a longer speed ii potion this would be pretty op . 
  yea that sounds good . 
  well , there 's been a couple of cases where satellites got hit by small stuff at high speed already . 
   the first major space debris collision was on 10 february 2009 at 16:56 utc . 
  the deactivated 950 kg ( 2,090 lb ) kosmos 2251 and an operational 560 kg ( 1,230 lb ) iridium 33 collided 500 mi ( 800 km ) [ 87 ] over northern siberia . 
  the relative speed of impact was about 11.7 km/s ( 7.3 mi/s ) , or approximately 42,120 km/h ( 26,170 mph ) . 
  [ 88 ] both satellites were destroyed and the collision scattered considerable debris , which poses an elevated risk to spacecraft . 
  [ 89 ] the collision created a debris cloud , although accurate estimates of the number of pieces of debris are not yet available . 
  the [ manual ] ( http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual ) is pretty good , for beginners aswell as experienced users . 
  _ most _ settings do n't . 
  with a 770 on max i get around 45 fps at smaller towns ( hugely dependent on where you look etc. ) . 
  without shadows , i get 5-10 fps . 
  antialiasing off gives me another 5-10 fps . 
  object detail gives me about 5 frames for _ each step _ i lower it down . 
  i have it on high usually . 
  postprocessing actually barely reduces the fps ( only by 2-3 ) but it 's ugly so i have turned it off aswell . 
  with those changes and everything else on max . 
  i get pretty stable 60 fps , in the wildness up to 90 and in cities like cherno a little bit less , but never below 50 so far ( @ 1080p btw ) !, 
  it 's sad that my card ca n't get more out of the game , but maybe that will change when they optimize it , 
  also , i 'm actually gon na reinstall dayz to my ssd now and see if it really helps , i do n't doubt it , but i 'm not convinced yet . 
  it affects view distance from what i 've heard . 
  at least used to . 
  yep , and it has larger mags . 
  it 's slightly less accurate , but still better overall . 
  did you test the losing less blood while running part multiple times ? 
  im having trouble believing that you loose less while running but only when you get shot . 
  just seems so . . random . 
  subscribed though , looking forward to more !, 
  well you really earned yourself a new sub today , i just watched like 80 % of your old ones . 
  they 're not only informative , but really funny aswell !, 
  i love listening to you , i 'll keep an eye out next week then , 
  yea ... 
  i went to cherno today on a full 40 man server . 
  had the whole city to myself for like an hour , shooting zombies and making as much noise as i could ... nobody showed up .
