  that does n't even make sense . 
  why would an `` oversight '' not be considered a bug ? 
  you always literally code a program one way or another , it can contain a 1000 bugs you literally coded that way . 
  personally i love most of the new stiff , especially the command block stuff . 
  then again i do n't play the game anymore anyways . . 
  it 's an unwanted effect of the zeus ulti , aka a bug . 
  i doubt they knew it would damage an invisible player when he stands next to a teammate . 
  it 's like when techies mines could be suck up by the tusk snowball , that was a bug too , even though `` they coded it that way '' at first . 
  it 's just / u / _ vargas _ , do n't worry about it . 
  people who are n't subscribed to that sub . 
  no , iggys stated the wrong reason for why she is a ranged hero and kibibit corrected them . 
  good riddance . 
  he did write below that those are probably not what the characters are called in russian , only a phonetic equivalent to the english names . 
  tried to skill ravage , ravaged a creepwave . 
  not for me, 
  maybe increase chrono cd a bit so aghs is worth buying in certain situations ? 
  i like getting it on necro , he really needs some hp early on . 
  yea , i had a game where we did n't have a carry and got stomped by a void , we still almost managed to turn it because we had magnus + lion + invoker . 
  epic teamwipes . 
  question : you still get arcanes first to build into bloodstone , right ? 
  yes he was . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcr1eljvrgg, 
  everyone who is magnetized shares the silence and the slow , yes , that 's how it works . 
  that 's my biggest gripe in my low bracket , the terrible laning ( and picking ) . 
  apart fom the obvious 5 carries games you get some with 2 offlaners , neither actually go in the offlane though and instead you have some weird dual offlane with a sven and a spectre who both want to last hit but end up feeding . 
  when you change it , it asks you if you want to change it for all instances . 
  just activate that . 
  it does n't work properly in landscape mode : / the picture is always as if i held the phone upright . 
  i did like the game , especially since i loved the singleplayer , but i got pretty bored with it after 2 hours of game time . 
  not excactly sure why , partly because of the way you have to grind endlessly to get any of the good spells , partly because my teammates always seem to be pretty retarded . 
  it would probably make more fun with some friends , but the ones i played the original magicka with did n't like this game at all either . 
  they do n't share the stun , only silence and the slow . 
  yes , his 5th ability lets him place a stone in a pretty large radius . 
  he has 6 of them , and 1 replenishes every 25 seconds . 
  and op ? 
  he should 've heard him so long before he actually turned, 
   not being able to go through doors and hit you through walls . 
  idk about you but i 'm still getting hit through walls and shit . 
  actually the zombies seem to be a lot worse now than ever before . 
  they do n't walk through doors anymore ( most of the time ) , but they seem to be harder to hit , they hit you even though you are too far away or behind them , and in general they just seem very glitchy and laggy . 
  i played today for the first time in months and i died 4 times within 2 hours , only once to a player . 
  i do n't think i 've died to a zombie once in my 170 hours before that . 
  yes , they usually stay behind closed doors , and they can go upstairs and all that fancy stuff , but just a couple hours ago i died to two zombies that were outside of the house while i was chilling 3 meters away inside of that house with all the doors closed trying to bandage . 
  also the other major thing i dislike about them is how they hit you even if you are circling around them and they are looking the other way . 
  it was really frustrating . 
  wow . 
  that 's pretty . . dark . 
  looks like op did n't set the date/time ... 
  which he probably should do . 
  mega kill !, 
  rampage . 
  i see . 
  this _ used _ to work just fine , but yesterday i just could n't kill 1 zombie without getting hit at least once . 
  i 'm not sure if i was just unlucky with the servers i was on , but they seemed a lot laggier than the last time i played around 2 months ago . 
  yea you get slowed aswell , do n't you ? 
  can even run from the supernova stun during stonegaze ? 
  and what happens when you supernova him just before he would get sent back by the relocate ? 
  does he stay ? 
  it actually makes it a bit easier to last hit with the q aswell , since the creeps takes more damage . 
  it also gets denied easier , but the enemy does n't know when you are gon na use it, 
  that is true, 
  i do !, 
  fuck those small spoons where you get nothing into your mouth . 
   also the 9 blends into the tree a bit much . 
  those numbers are all part of the date at the bottom actually . 
  if you look closely it continues with 10 , 11 etc. 
  until it reaches the 26 . 
  then it continues down until 31 and back to 1 . 
   also , the text at the bottom is closer to the left side than the right . 
  not by much , but enough to be noticeable . 
  that 's because the text is n't in block form , could be fixed easily . 
  wrong, 
   hp removal : this is no longer considered a damage type , and its remaining uses are as an alternative cost to mana for spells to use ( sunray , burning spears ) or as functional hp modifications ( armlet , sunder , etc ) . 
  these are now considered usage costs in the game and are never lethal . 
  i thought i would like the change , but after a couple of games it 's getting quite frustrating . 
  it 's not only that those early midgame heroes are worse now . . they actually seem to hinder their own team by getting lots of kills , especially their own carry . 
  i played as weaver with a nightstalker who just wrecked faces in the first 20 minutes , i had a hard time due to an ogre but was still doing alright . 
  that is , until the enemy carry got 1 or 2 kills . 
  they just instantly get so much gold , which benefits them much more then our nightstalker . 
  i on the other hand get almost nothing for my kills due to the ns ' high networth . 
  so frustrating when you are doing well and loose with a score of 60-30 or something similar in your favor just because the enemy carry was nearby when they killed our early game hero . 
  11 % is n't `` about 3 % '', 
  bloodseeker down 6 %, 
  yea , that 's true , but i 'm just responding to cymen 's statement that there 's no big % differences . 
  i 've seen it happen after siractionslacks released his `` escape the trench '' video . 
  but only for a short time . 
  hah , reminds me of yesterdays unranked game where the enemy safelane farming kotl rushed travelboots and next item skadi . 
  they were never in the lead though . . 
  me too . . 
  played way too much unranked . 
  now my skill really does n't match my mmr anymore . . 
  i know but i do n't even want to play ranked anymore . 
  unranked is a lot more fun because it 's calibrated on my current skilllevel . 
  i could escape my mmr but it 'd take a while . 
  good question , does killing somebody with a sunstrike across the map give you the aoe bonuses ? 
  well , before you clicked on the stone and it kicked your ally who was standing on it . 
  watched jeraxai yesterday and he noticed that you could `` kick '' psi traps from 2k range . 
  the ability even goes on cooldown , nothing happens to the trap though . 
  was really annoying to him . 
  excactly , feed your supports so your carry can get one valuable kill later . 
  it 'll be worth more than 5 kills while ahead .
