  tell your friend to turn mouse acceleration off . 
  you ca n't make controlled flick shots or build up proper muscle memory when you have it turned on . 
  trust me , nobody at eagle + will have mouse acc turned on , especially no pro players . 
  lol . 
  it seems like he is talking about casual !, 
  that explains everything . . 
  well , not sure if you say it in english aswell , but in german there 's the saying `` exceptions prove the rule '' . 
  same thing here !, 
  my mates and i got disconnected twice during matchmaking today , the whole server just shut down and all 10 players got timed out . 
  fucking annoying , we were owning in both matches . 
  when we got stomped , the server did n't crash . 
  moreover , after the first crash , we got matched against 3 supreme master class and 2 legendary eagle master premade , even though our team had a average rank of master guardian 2 . 
  - . - something is not right today . 
  edit : wow , we just joined another game . 
  after 15 seconds warmup , everyone freezes and times out again . 
  fuck this , no matchmaking today . 
  fix your flair, 
  ah , thanks for telling me . 
  i 'm used to writing it together for some reason . 
  i doubt that . 
  it seems to be some unrelated server problem . 
  it takes long enough to queue up sometimes as it is . 
  more seperation would be stupid at this point . 
  had it 3 times aswell . 
  everytime we were winning . 
  then i got into [ this ] ( http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/630785219618967177/263a030f12c47070ec97b5f8583378a0cd191a59/ ) game ... and it did n't crash of course - . -, 
  some editing feedback : if you speed up the boring parts , go back to normal time at least a second or two before the next kill ( 4th kill here ) . 
  also , you did n't show anything before the knife kill , so it looked really weird and not like it was even part of the round . 
  yes , in this case . 
  snd_headphone_pan_exponent `` 2 '', 
  dsp_enhance_stereo `` 1 '', 
  windows_speaker_config `` 1 '', 
  here 's my sound config for csgo . 
  you might wan na change them around a bit to fit yourself , i just took mine from somebody else because i 'm lazy . 
  not really sure what was going on in that scene , but it looked cool , haha . 
  i have never had such an extreme one though . 
  especially not at peak times in europe :p, 
  it sucks when your highest ranked player is lower than their lowest-ranked one . 
  or you are very lucky ... after about 300 mm wins i 'd say i had about ... maybe 10 with very obvious aimbotter/speedhackers in them ( 300 is just my wins , i played around 600 ) . 
  then there 's been a view with obvious wallhackers ( some of them even admitted to it , arguing that i had wallhacks on aswell even though i had n't ) . 
  once i had an aimbotter in my own team and in the enemy team . 
  that was quite ... fun . 
  basically the one with the lower ping and better aimbot won most of the time ... 
  then , in about 10 % of the rest of the games there 's been at least one guy that seemed a bit fishy and i reported , but i was n't sure that he had hacks or if he was just lucky/good . 
  overwatch will decide on those . 
  on the other hand , i get hackused quite often aswell ... just today i had some guys call me a waller because i shot him in the head through the side of a smoke ( i could see his feet and aimed for the head , but from his perspective i was n't visible because he was standing very close to the smoke ) . 
  stuff like that . 
  well , with that wallpaper , you missed the target !, 
  if you want to see bigger changes , head to one of the many mods . 
  dayzorigins seems to be very good and popular atm . 
  pretty sure they do it to counter any surprises the enemy team might have for them . 
  if they always would buy smgs ond second round , the other team could exploit that by counterbuying famas/galils . 
  if they have a good spawn they will be there before you even get close to the doors though . . 
  have fun , kiddo . 
  yea , probably 0.001 % of them . 
  i 'd like it , too !, 
  already bookmarked your website, 
  nope . 
  ca n't surrender after kicking someone . 
  only when somebody abandons . 
  i still get imbalanced games even at my rank . 
  some people destroy me even if they have a lower rank , then again i 've destroyed supreme master first classes before . 
  i 'd say there 's room for improvement for mm . 
  some people are really sensitive to things like blood or organs and get sick or unconscious just at the sight of blood . 
  so it 's safer to include the tag here . 
  where is this server located ? 
  na or eu ? 
  i do n't wan na play there with 150 ping ... 
  i do n't know how you came to that conclusion after a few rounds of loosing there . 
  you were just unlucky , noobs play all maps , and if i were you , i 'd get a few people together to play with regularly so you do n't have to put up with randoms . 
  location of the server ? 
  damn . 
  so many american servers on reddit, 
  op surely delivers ... , 
  you did run past the bomb there , it would 've been enough time , 
  the bomb is really hard to see sometimes , i know . . kinda sucks . 
  happens to the best :p, 
  . . in french ? 
  or is just the scoreboard at the left important ? 
   added support for more unicode characters in player names . 
  i hope this fixes the stupid dark-orange name bug people have been ( ab ) using recently . 
  about 600 + matches , i 've had this happen before . 
  bomb fell onto the boxes inside long doubledoors , you could only reach it when somebody boosts you . 
  once it was stuck behind a box or something in inferno aswell . 
  well , afaik the error was caused by some unicode characters that were not supported . 
  meh , i found it annoying . 
  broke the killmessages . 
  also , the more people used it , the more people saw it and used it themselves . 
  sv_cheats 1, 
  sv_infinite_ammo 1, 
  ammo_grenade_limit_total 300, 
  give weapon_flashbang, 
  give weapon_decoy, 
  give weapon_incgrenade, 
  give weapon_hegrenade, 
  give weapon_smokegrenade, 
  sv_grenade_trajectory 1, 
  god, 
  mp_freezetime 0, 
  you were 15 minutes late .
