  not sure what rank you are , but i 've had my fair share of rage cheaters already , and a bunch of pretty obvious wallhackers ( confirmed by friends spectating ) . 
  you either were lucky or not ranked high enough to encounter any obvious cheaters at all . 
  oooohhh, 
  it 's not . 
  rage hacks are just hacks that hackers use if they go `` full out '' , meaning they are n't even trying to be sneaky about it . 
  the guys jumping around with negevs headshotting people as soon as they are in sight are a good example . 
  also the upside down view . 
  not sure why , but it fucks up their heads hitbox making it harder to get headshotted . 
  it 's only really meant to be used against other aimbotters , but most rage-hackers just use it anyway even if there 's no aimbotter in the other team . 
  that 's true . 
  still a lot of force applied to the legs . 
  that could 've ended much , much worse . 
  probably the same thing , your hitbox is messed up . 
  i do n't know how it specifically works , so i do n't know if it 's just to detract aimbots or if it actually flips your hitbox upside down so that your head is at your feet , as some people say on reddit . 
  i have seen it in use a few times , but always together with an aimbot , so normal players did n't even have a chance of getting the hacker since they were dead before they could shoot at him . 
  yea , it 's hacking forum , they were surprised because the hack was n't detected before , 
  and the only ones that are at that rank have no idea how their cheat works or are using some crappy public hack . 
  i 've seen a bunch of cheaters at gold nova or even silver level in overwatch already , the funniest ones are the aimbots that track people through walls . 
  the hackers always get frustrated when they try to look/shoot somewhere else . 
  also funny are aimbots that do n't account for recoil and running . 
  the hacker has no idea he has to stand still for his bullets to hit where his crosshair is , and the aimbot glues the crosshair to his opponents head . 
  since he is running though , the bullets go everywhere but the head :d it 's hilarious to watch sometimes . 
  at lower ranks , you probably do n't even notice if somebodies got an aimbot or not unless you spec them . 
  else they would n't have such a low rank . 
  and i said that you would n't even notice them if you were n't spectating them . 
  emt here , i 'm not driving myself but passenger , i 've only been on the road for 3 months now , and the amount of stupidity i 've seen already is crazy . 
  if you see blue lights and hear sirens , * do n't turn left ffs * . 
  you can also see who is using their mirrors from time to time . 
  people usually pull over as soon even if we 're still a hundred meters behind them because they saw us already , the there 's been vehicles we 've had wait more than 30 seconds for him to pull over , while we were blasting our sirens from 3 meters behind him . 
  frustrating , to say the least . 
  ha , maybe i justgot lucky then . 
  saving this for tomorrow, 
  as others have said , this is not the case . 
  you sometimes stumble upon players in csgo that are vac-banned in another game . 
  you can always see it in their profile , even if they set it to private . 
  people still upvote pics of handcuffed guys ? 
  huh , apparently on snapchat . 
  i 've never even used snapchat before . 
  nah , i just assume some stranger used im_orange as their snapchat name . 
  i thought it was an optical illusion at first glance , but [ nope ] ( http://www.gifexploder.com/exploderesults.aspx?fn=o6kvxxc.gif ) . 
  that 's weird , the handcuffs always fall off if my target does anything . 
  even when they just look around `` your target has moved and the handcuffs fell off '', 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  at the moment you can handcuff/forcefeed people from any distance just by looking at them . 
  would be hilarious to handcuff a sniper from down there and him going `` wtf ? '', 
  same in austria . 
  had this happen to me aswell , made an issue a few days ago :, 
  weird , if i use that tool from the top comment it says my data was not leaked . 
  i do n't know who to believe anymore ... 
  oh , i did n't know it was also for e-mails . 
  i do n't really know what snapchat is , i thought it was just a messenger . 
  did n't really find out much from their crappy homepage and even crappier introduction video . 
  i do n't know anyone who uses it either , so i guess i should n't be concerned :p, 
  heh , not even a bag over his head would help there i guess . 
  i guess people are getting tired over that debate . 
  have they increased the can opener spawn rate in the last update or is it just me ? 
  i found 3-4 in a couple of hours ... 
  you are awesome , and your post really shows how much sound adds to the overall feeling of the game . 
  i 'm sure the new audio guy for dayz will do a good job , and i ca n't wait until new sounds are in . 
  i totally agree with epi-pens being a waste of space at the moment . 
  the defib is just waste x 4 . 
  both should be given more of a reason to pick up . 
  paramedic here , just gon na repost what / u/joebillibob posted earlier :, 
   defibrillation means that you shock someone to restore the beating of the heart . 
  ventricular fibrillation means that your heart is `` convulsing '' and it does not create an heart rate . 
  it is anarchic and not constant . 
   the purpose of cpr is to maintain the blood to flow in your body to keep it alive . 
  defibrillation is to administer a shock to break the anarchic cycle of the heart and `` restart '' it in a correct way that will create a pulse . 
   sorry for my english , not my first language . 
  uhmmmmm no . 
  look at the picture , look where the top of their heads are . 
  now , starting at their feet , count how many blocks are going up to that point . 
  no matter the perspective they would never be 2 blocks tall in this picture . 
  maybe , but i do n't think it 's very popular here in austria . 
  everyone here uses `` whatsapp '', 
  hundreds , or even thousands . 
  i think i got it for around 5 $ about a year ago . 
  have n't really player any cs games before that , but i still got hooked . 
  started out with the casual modes , mainly arms race , then went with matchmaking . 
  i passed the 1234 hours playtime mark last week or so . 
  crazy how addictive it is . 
  soo i payed around 0,4 cent per hour playtime so far , and i 'm still not bored of it . 
  partly because of the great updates valve has pushed out in the last year . 
  you probably wo n't get as much out of it as i do , but you might . 
  as far as tactical competitive fps go , csgo is probably the best game you can get atm . 
  it 's load of fun with friends , but can also be great with randoms in matchmaking . 
  defenitely recommended . 
  i 've met someof my best online gaming buddies in the supermarket in elektro more than a year ago . 
  it was pretty tense , i was alone and i thought the were gon na kill me since they had a sniper and stuff . 
  but they spared me and we grouped up . 
  have n't played with them for a long time , but we started again when sa came out . 
  they were and the condition does n't matter . 
  i ca n't even put them on the person unless they 're not touching their mouse and keyboard . 
  better condition just makes them tougher to break open while you 're handcuffed already . 
  that 's more realistic , but it allows online guides plus you wo n't just forget it when you die . 
  skills could be wiped on death or something . 
  see my reply to the other guy from an hour ago or so . 
  * shots fired *,
