  the worst are pedestrians crossing the street when you are about to cross an intersection and they do n't even hurry , just walk slooowly across so you have to almost come to a stop . 
  it really was infuriating at times . 
  i was n't sure if you were joking because it just sounds so wrong to my ears , but google says it actually works in english . 
  til !, 
  we german speakers do like to translate phrases literally into english sometimes , it 's quite fun . 
  `` i think i spider '' , `` my english is under all pig '' stuff like that :p, 
  yea there 's not many phrases like that that you can translate so literally . 
  ca n't think of one actually . 
  well yes , but but that 's the point of these kind of jokes , intentional mistranslations and mix ups . 
  always read the usernames, 
  interesting  i wonder how widespread that phrase actually is in the different english speaking countries , i really thought it was exclusive to german . 
  ye , the only people i see buy a hood and not upgrade it into a pipe eventually are shitty pudge players . . 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  the rule is , put an o after each consonant and repeat the consonant . 
  so `` train '' becomes `` totrorainon '' . 
  he actually stayed in his lane , he got hit by the car behind him . 
  the big truck could n't brake either . 
  haha that 's hilarious . 
  but seriously , i hate pants that do n't have pockets large enough to comfortably hold my phone , keys , wallet and maybe 1 more small thing . 
  if i ca n't pull out my phone while sitting down because the goddamn pocket is so small i will not wear those pants for long . 
  i ca n't imagine going out somewhere without any pockets at all . 
  i 'm with you there . 
  i can watch an episode of southpark or whatever and tell my friend the next day , and i 'm just like , uuuh the episode that ... 
  i think there were dwarves or something ? 
  and he will just laugh and say oh yea that one with these 5 jokes that i all forgot about already , even though he has n't seen that episode in weeks . 
  my memory must be terrible . 
  it did , but he stayed in the left lane didnt he . 
  could n't they theorically just record the real sound and slow that down in some editing software ? 
  although it probably would n't sound nice at that speed i assume . 
  e : lots of interesting comments , thanks guys !, 
  lol pascal . . 
  i thought our school was the only one still teaching that language . . 
  same here , for the first 2 semster , then they start with c. still find it a little bit strange . 
  it 's true that it does n't really matter that much though . 
  well i read that some 7k meepo picker does n't care if anyone goes es against him because he knows how to play around him and can just kill him over and over . 
  i wish we switched after 6 weeks . . 
  it gets a bit tedious after a while especially when you run into weird errors , since there is little ressources about it online . 
  i did but i do n't recognise that guy behind the blinds on my mobile with low quality . 
  who is it ? 
  e : well i just read up on the movie beetlejuice since i have n't seen it and i guess that 's the ghost then ? 
  thanks for downvoting me , i genuinely did n't know but okay . 
  beetlejuice just is n't a thing everywhere in the world . 
  the film came out in ' 88 , you do n't have to be in highschool to not know it . 
  also it might not have been as popular in my area ( austria ) . 
  19 , so yea quite young . 
  according to wikipedia the film came out in '88 so a bit before my time . 
  but i 'm not the best when it comes to pop culture references in general . 
  it came out 7 years before i was born , so ... yea ? 
  ah that 's why almost everyone here seems to know it . 
  i actually asked my mum and she has n't heard about it either , so it 's probably really just no thing at least in the german speaking regions . 
  i 'm in university . 
  but i do n't see how that matters , i 've asked some other ( older ) people now out of curiousity , and nobody has heard about it here . 
  as i said a couple of times already , it probably just was n't popular in austria . 
  what ? 
  augustin is a ( not very popular ) famous male name in german , i say famous because there 's a popular childrens song `` oh du lieber augustin '' . 
  that does sound intriguing . . thanks for an actual answer , i might give it a watch over easter holidays , 
  what 's wrong with him ? 
  i have never heard about that channel before . 
  well the plane is also designed to be very aerodynamic . 
  in this case the plane flew into the ground at such a high speed that it got pretty much pulverized . 
  a human bodys terminal velocity would be much lower , jumping out you would probably habe slowed down a lot before hitting the ground . 
  still does n't really raise your survival chances all that much , but maybe a little bit . 
  yea , that 's what i was getting at , in this specific situation it might have made a difference since the plane was just flying straight into the ground , i would n't actually recommend jumping out during a normal plane crash . 
  ouch , that really is quite annoying . 
  from the voice to his personality . 
  worked as a paramedic for a while , that 's actually not too uncommon . 
  you do realize that with that combo they can literally stay invulnerable just by constantly zipping around ? 
  you could actually shift queue a whole lot of zipping and he would just perma stun everybody while throwing out right clicks left and right ( yes you can attack while ball lightning ) . 
  you ca n't rape that build , you ca n't actually fight that build at all unless maybe with silencer ult ? 
  to be dair the second game was n't that special , the first one though . . holy shit . 
  most ( popular ) opinions i 've heard where `` meh '' and `` decent but not worth full price '' . 
  some like the more infantry focused combat , but it seems to lack innovation and gunvariety . 
  tb made a video on it . 
  as a kid i broke my upper arm jumping off of a swing , i remember a random woman watching me coming over and asking if i was fine and me not having any pain , only when i went over to my parents and sat down for a couple of minutes the pain set in . 
  same thing when i broke a bone in my foot playing soccer in high school , my next class was on the 3rd floor , i just walked up there without any problems , but after a couple of minutes it started to hurt and i could n't put pressure on that foot at all anymore . 
  totalbiscuit , 
  used to do that all the time vs obvious cheaters ( back when speedhacks were still possilbe ) , the last one was able to leave without getting a cooldown , not sure if it still works . 
  well ... 
  when i started playing i played solo a lot , until i got a microphone . 
  then after a couple of games i got matched with a couple of friendly sounding guys and they invited me to join their teamspeak for the game . 
  i stuck around , and we kept inviting nice people until we were a decent sized group of about 12-15 more or less active players on the teamspeak . 
  we had 3 channels for counterstrike and some others for other games and there was pretty much always somebody playing . 
  it 's 5 am here actually and we 're just having a short break after some mirage ownage  and that 2 years after i joined that little teamspeak server . 
  the only problem was that our skills grew apart , and some of the better players did n't want to play with the lower ones anymore , since the quality of each game was n't very good with high differences in rank . 
  but since we had enough players for both groups we kinda just split up into two . 
  did that concept ( not a whole map ) about a year ago with command blocks , was really fun jumping around like that . 
  well , that was less horrible than i expected from the title . 
  i actually got called to an accident last year ( worked as an emt ) with a school bus , only that the other participant was a big truck , and it did n't hit it head on but from the side in an intersection , going at about 70 kph . 
  the bus got destroyed and even flipped over completely , 1 kid died , 3 more suffered heavy injuries . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.krone.at/oberoesterreich/schulbusunfall_in_ooe_lkw-lenker_verurteilt-4.500_euro_geldstrafe-story-414828 ) 's a ( german ) article about it , the driver of the truck admitted to looking at his phone just before the crash , he just plowed through the intersection even though there was a stop sign . 
  he got sentenced to a 4.500 $ fine , no jail time , which does n't sound very fair at all if you ask me . 
  they also wrote that they 'll replace that intersection with a roundabout soon . 
  another picture of the [ bus ] ( http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/c/c/e/1584334/f0a08d90-56a3-4e57-9432-59a687045164_v0_h.jpg ) . 
  it got hit on the other side , you can kinda see the gap though . 
  i feel you , l 'm just saving the best posts until i can finally get cooking , 
  also does n't seem to work in alienblue . 
  gyfcat is better . 
  yea even gfycat is kinda glitchy , but it works at least . 
  ign 9/10, 
  i just recently got my license and they told us that you have to call the police in case you ca n't speak directly with the owner of the damaged property , else you could get charged with fleeing the scene of an accident , even when you leave your contact details .
