  a _ slight _ nerf might be appropriate , but making it a 3-hit weapon would make it pretty much worthless . 
  slightly more recoil i 'd agree with though . 
  please no more randomness though like more spread . 
  while we 're at it , do n't you guys think the scout needs a buff ( maybe along with a slightly higher price again ) ? 
  complained so mich about it already . 
  the game runs at about half the fps since the weapon skins were introduced . 
  60-70 down from stable 140 . 
  and smokes _ still _ wreck my fps even more , bringing it down to 20-30 . just not acceptable for a cs title . 
  that 's a good argument . 
  that 's one thing they could nerf . 
  yes , see my reply to the other guy . 
   just because it costs more does n't mean it has to be better . 
  sure , but they 've upped the aug and krieg quite a bit already . 
  imo they still need slight buffs , especially the krieg , but it 's quite balanced already . 
  again , making the auto a 3 hit kill is too much in my opinion . 
  you do n't see it played that often already , and why ? 
  because it 's a sniper mainly used for long range , and if you have to fight an awp the awp can kill you before you can kill the awp . 
  sure it 's also efficient at closer range , but not quite as , a good rifler can still take it down . 
  it 's not really `` better '' than the awp , it 's pretty much just easier since you can miss shots without getting in too much trouble . 
  just as the p90 is n't better than the ak in most cases , but easier to use . 
  overall i feel that the p90 needs the nerf much , much more than the autosniper . 
  moving targets that are still accurate are annoying to deal with and should n't really be in the game . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure but i believe it 's because looking around is tied to your characters turning animation , and that animation ca n't exceed a certain speed . 
  it also allows weapon attachments ( cbq attachments ) to make you able to turn faster . 
  as far as i have tested it , it just caps your maximum turning speed . 
  if you move your mouse faster than a certain amount , it wo n't go fast than that amount . 
  would n't surprise me at all if there 's negative acceleration on top of that , though . 
  people exaggerate his coding skills . 
  sure , he made an immensly popular game , but it 's not because he is a coding genius , but because it was just a great idea with passable execution . 
  the game is still being majorly rewritten by the new guys in the mojang team now , including many many bug fixes . 
  ( mod api , anyone ? 
  what the hell happened to it , btw ? ), 
  a bit older one , but battlefield heroes . 
  pay2win shit now , great game before :(, 
  i hate nuke for sound though . 
  i really need to adjust my sound settings to that map , because i consistently hear people as if they were next to me , even if they are above or below me . 
  as long as they are on the same level as i , i can locate them with pinpoint accuracy just based on sound , but i have literally no clue at what height they are . 
  47c is n't much , should be no problem . 
  i 'm sure cooling is n't my problem either ( one of the many things i 've tried was putting my laptop on ice & cooling pads . 
  it was very cool ), 
  man , he was just messing with you , do n't feel bad . 
  it 's been running with over 140fps on my laptop before the arms deal update though :(, 
  i 'm on mobile and do n't know the excact name right now , but it 's an i7 with 2.3 ghz . 
  geforce gtx 670m . 
  laptop is n't even 2 years old and was quite expensive , i needed a portable pc though back when i got it . 
  next one i get wo n't be a laptop anymore though . 
  also got this weird thing where lowering the resolution does n't give me any fps increase at all . 
  no matter if i play at 1080p or 800x600 , fps stay the same . 
  got the same issue on arma . 
  it 's a classic . 
  eh , i broke my shin and calfbone by falling off a tree when i was 6 . 
  walked home afterwards ( 5 minutes walk ) . 
  granted , it started hurting like hell on earth about halfway . 
  also , my leg was apparently a bit deformed even , i needed surgery to get the bones back in place . 
  adrenaline and shock are really powerful painkillers . 
  same . 
  i had no idea . 
  and arma ii, 
  what i hate about nuke is the sound . 
  if i 'm outside below catwalk and the bomb is planted , _ i can not fucking hear if it 's a or b _ . 
  same goes for steps . 
  where 's the fun in that ?!, 
  do n't get me wrong , it looks awesome in the video , but are you using relative coordinates for the turning ? 
  would n't the player try looking around while the rotating takes place , messing up the illusion ? 
  or are you using fixed coordinates and rotations so if he tries to move he will just get teleported back and his view jumps back every tick ? 
  that 'd probably work just fine then . 
  yea just picked nuke because it 's the worst map for sound . 
  the ghost steps can occur when a player takes over a bot . 
  that bug 's been in since last year march ( ? ), 
  i believe , it 's supposedly been fixed twice already ( according to changelogs ) and i 'm not sure if it 's still in . 
  have n't had the issue in a while . 
  lol , i could swear they said twice that they fixed it . 
  and that was more than half a year ago . 
  they at least reduced it though . 
  it used to happen a lot more often . 
  nice . 
  ca n't wait to get home to try this out . 
  look at the chunk updates next to fps count ... it goes up to like 300 for me every time i move a few blocks , thus causing fps drops . 
  definitely a bug . 
  thanks for taking your time to write this , very interesting topic !, 
  downloading an emulator and the game is n't too difficult actually , you should try it at least . 
  on the other hand , a p90 would pretty much freeze you . 
  or just put redstone dust on the blocks the trapdoprs are attached to , like now . 
  not everything has to be `` compacted '' . 
  well , as others have already told you , there 's no real need for this as it can be achieved through commands like / effect & / gamerule . 
  i did n't see it in r gifs earlier , so thanks for posting, 
  why not make it a new difficulty ? 
  hard , normal , easy , peaceful , god-mode ? 
  so many memories ... 
  my friend once tried a wrestling move on the trampoline he saw in telly : he took my arm , let himself fall back , put his foot on my stomach and threw me back over himself lifting me up with his foot . 
  worked better than he expected , and i crashed back first head down into the net . 
  i 'm still surprised how i did n't hurt myself at all there ... 
  saved for after work, 
  e : people like to downvote these , but i ca n't save comments on mobile , so yea , whatever . 
  this way i can come back later easily , like now . 
  then power them with repeaters from behind the wall . 
  agreed , but the p90 does n't take _ that _ many bullets to kill actually . 
  plus it has a ridiculous firerate . 
  blocks do n't get washed away by water . 
  there 's a gamerule to disable mob-griefing , they should actually add one to disable tnt damage aswell ( in my opinion ) .
