  nope , afaik that functionality is actually not in yet . 
  you can apply it , but it does n't do anything . 
  that 's why people thought it was useless until now !, 
  excactly , they have to make it suck for hackers to hack . 
  make them have to rebuy the game regularly if they want to keep playing because they get banned over and over again . 
  i guess that 's what 's missing here . 
  cs : go has the problem that you can get it for 3 $ on steam sales so hackers can just buy 10 keys for almost nothing and keep hacking if they get caught . 
  dayz is n't so cheap , but hackers also do n't seem to get caught so much . 
  actually there 's a dev version _ and _ the canary version . 
  the canary version updates daily while the dev verison only updates weekly , so it would be better to use the dev version . 
  i got the dev version about an hour ago and so far it seems to be working fine , so yea , can only recommend getting that . 
  i also tried magic actions and it actually worked for me aswell , i just did n't like the plugin as much ( has less features that i want ) . 
  it 's weird why some extensions get blocked while others do n't . 
  get the [ chrome dev channel ] ( http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel ) . 
  this version does n't automatically block your extensions , but you have to reinstall all those that are already blocked . 
  works fine for me so far . 
  yes , that is true . 
  it does n't bother me personally because i rarely watch videos in fullscreen and i 'd rather have proper buffering , but it might bother some people . 
  i do n't know , i live in a very mountainous area ( austria ) and i 've never ever seen something like this before . 
  the picture that guy provided was only of a mountain casting a shadow onto the clouds , not darkening the whole sky . 
  i heard it was due to `` trademark '' issues because they had `` youtube '' in their name , but i think that 's just a bullshit excuse to stop people from going around dash playback . 
  at least that 's what i assume . 
  yup that 's what i meant with `` you have to reinstall them every time '' . 
  i could n't believe my eyes when i one day opened up chrome and it says : `` we noticed that one or more of your extensions might not have been installed with your knowledge , we therefore disabled it for you '' with no options of reverting that change . 
  wtf seriously ? 
  i tried that extension once but i remember either certain stuff not working right or it was just lacking features compared to youtube center . 
  not sure why they did n't block that , youtube center must be violating some terms that this is n't . 
  yup , that 's the reason i love yt center more than the other add-ons . 
  you can make the player `` fill '' your window , so it adjusts to your browser size perfectly . 
  it 's so good it should 've been in the normal youtube for years already . 
  i actually switched back to chrome now that i figured out that the extension still works with the dev version . 
  i only just downloaded firefox yesterday so the newest version , i suppose ? 
  youtube center worked right off the bat though , so i 'm not sure where your problem lies . 
  that 's probably the best workaround to my issue , if i ever have any problems with the dev version i 'm using now i 'll try this out , 
  or get the [ chrome dev channel ] ( http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel ), 
  instead they just annoy the hell out of us by trying to ban those mods . 
  `` let 's say that autonomous cars slash overall traffic-fatality rates by half . 
  so instead of 32,000 drivers , passengers , and pedestrians killed every year , robotic vehicles save 16,000 lives per year and prevent many more injuries . 
  but here 's the thing . 
  those 16,000 lives are unlikely to all be the same ones lost in an alternate world without robot cars . 
  when we say autonomous cars can slash fatality rates by half , we really mean that they can save a net total of 16,000 lives a year : for example , saving 20,000 people but still being implicated in 4,000 new deaths . 
  there 's something troubling about that , as is usually the case when there 's a sacrifice or `` trading '' of lives . 
  the identities of many ( future ) fatality victims would change with the introduction of autonomous cars . 
  some victims could still die either way , depending on the scenario and how well robotic cars actually outperform human drivers . 
  but changing the circumstances and timing of traffic conditions will likely affect which accidents occur and therefore who is hurt or killed . 
  [ ... ] some current non-victims -- people who already exist -- would become future victims , and this is clearly bad . '', 
  this is probably the dumbest argument against driverless cars i 've heard so far . 
  `` there 's gon na be less victims but different ones , so that 's bad '' . 
  he 's acting like we 're dooming some people to death by introducing driverless cars . 
  i know that , but chrome will `` deactive '' it automatically on restart . 
  you can not reactivate it and have to reinstall it every time you open up the browser again . 
  ( including modifying all the settings etc. ), 
  i only tested it on firefox for a day or so , and the whole browser seemed a lot slower than chrome , it might actually be due to the plugin , since i have n't tested the browser without it . 
  you can look into the userscripts that have been suggested in the other replys to my comment !, 
  i believe a couple of these have n't actually existed when google did the `` youtube '' trademark kicking . 
  apart from magic actions i do n't recall seeing them last month when i was looking for a replacement for my old extension that went behind a paywall . 
  you wo n't find youtube center on there for example , or youtube options , which were the 2 best ones . 
  pretty sure that happens in chrome aswell , that 's just a youtube thing . 
  that 's really odd . 
  when i went searching for a solution on google i found some threads from back in march were people were already complaining , back then it still worked for me though . 
  maybe you 'll get the same problems eventually , maybe not . 
  mostly melted snow , incredibly clear . 
  i have n't encountered that problem before , but try going to the options ( on the youtube homepage the options icon is in the top right ) and try messing around with the external player options . 
  same as my edit , canary version just updates daily apparently , dev version weekly . 
  out of banning these extensions ? 
  well by disabling dash you are always buffering the full video , even if you do n't end up watching the whole thing . 
  dash saves bandwidth for youtube , so it makes sense that they want people to use it and not disable it . 
  116 hours here and i still play occasionally . 
  really , i knew what i was getting into in the first place with the alpha and all that , but i still bought it just because i got so much fun out of the mod already that i wanted to give something back . 
  bought it day one and have n't regretted it so far . 
  ridiculous thing is , not even rocket , the lead dev , knew about the sale . 
  not really . 
  apart from that i do n't believe it would really raise for one group ( the `` death rate '' could fall less for one group than the other , but i would n't expect a significant rise in a certain group ) , is that not just something new to work on ? 
  if it decreases deaths by say 60 % but raises pedestrian deaths by 20 % because the cars ca n't properly notice pedestrians or whatever than i could see that that would be a problem , but not something that could n't be worked on by building on the tech . 
  they did n't change to percentage , they showed the percentage before already ( for submissions , not for comments ) but due to the fuzzing the percentage was way off anyways so it was pretty useless . 
  now they removed the individual votes but made the percentage a lot more accurate so that you actually know abouts how many downvotes a post got by calculating it out with the total score and the percentage . 
  people are really just mad because of the comment change and because of the question marks . 
  it probably would n't even have created that much of a shitstorm if nobody used res . 
  you probably dont have res . 
  because a ton of redditors use it , and since reddit used to only give out `` fuzzed '' data for the individual votes ( it basically randomly adds 1 up and downvote to the count ) to fight bots who could otherwise find out if they were shadow-banned by upvoting a random comment and checking if it actually added an upvote , the data was wildly inaccurate and misleading anyways . 
  that 's why they ultimately decided to remove it . 
  i fully agree . 
  i really find the whole outrage pretty ridiculous . 
  try getting a mosin and a long range scope , the sway is too much to hit a shot at any longer distance reliably now . 
  it 's definitely been increased . 
  also , if you run and then try to aim , do n't you notice how much the aim goes to the sides but not up and down ? 
  this must be a bug . 
  the point of playing an alpha is to report bugs . 
  stop telling people to quit complaining you moron . 
  ladies and gentlemen ... the new sniper tower !, 
  i 've seen these excact improv nades in a screenshot months ago ... 
  so i would n't take that as evidence . 
  they are probably gon na work on the physics system and get that stable before adding nades , but i might be wrong . 
  even when holding my breath i noticed swaying to the sides while prone . 
  i do n't have a bipod though , that might reduce it even more . 
  now you are just making vun of us . 
  you could destroy buildings with smoke grenades actually . 
  when you had enough of them . 
  just look on youtube . 
  yup , my city just implemented a couple of these to block access to the inner city during daytime ( car-free zone ) and they where very expensive .
