  that 's a good joke . 
   that 's something you have no business doing . 
  dayz has no rules . 
  i reported this bug all the way back in december , no response from anyone even though it got a few votes and i reported it so early . 
  i hate the way the did the movement in arma/dayz , it 's just all based on the animations , and the animation has to complete once it started . 
  that 's so stupid and i do n't know why they are doing it that way . 
  he 's wrong even , you ca n't move at all while switching weapons in arma2 , now you can either run or stand still while switching , not both in the same animation . 
  i 've had this error a couple of times , usually it was gone a few hours later . 
  might just be a server error , but i 'm not sure !, 
  it is quite bad in some aspects , and better in others , we 'll see how it will end up i guess . 
  we do n't know yet how much of the engine they are actually gon na change . 
  i 'm still hoping . 
  was n't twitter one or the big websites that actually has n't turned a profit yet ? 
  or am i remembering that wrong ? 
  more and better zombies . 
  even with navmesh they are a joke at the moment . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's right , but correct me if not . 
  yes . 
  everytime i found a sporter , i found no mags for it , but once i had a mosin or whatever i would find them . 
  now you will finally see some people using it . 
  source ? 
  that does n't sound right ... 
  lol yea , i thought the same thing , somebody just wanted to troll us i guess . 
  i 've also found them in police stations i believe . 
  but yea , they should be a lot more common than the military ones !, 
  his name is just bars . 
  the ocean is generally way the fuck too loud . 
  there 's not a single wave but it makes so much noise as if there was a hurricane arriving . 
  i would imagine this would cause a lot of server hopping ... 
  how is the bar accounting for that ? 
  the percentage also does n't go down when the unbreaking effect triggers . 
  ohh , i actually get what you mean now . 
  well , by lookinginto the distance and then without `` changing my eyes '' looking back at the video , i can make it look as one , but it looks blurry as fuck : /, 
  phone emoticons rarely work on desktop browsers . 
  it is unlikely that anybody knew that 3 hours ago , they probably ran into some issue just now so they had to push it back . 
  they are working on enabling ragdoll for unconsciousness and some other areas , like dragging bodies . 
  it 's all wip . 
  hm . . this bug sneaks in every time they add paintable mags ... 
  shift + minus `` flush '', 
  money money money . 
  moderator of :, 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  i laughed . 
  me neither lol . 
  still tried it every time, 
  well computercraft lets you do the mining and programming part . 
  i saw a video about a guy building a self sufficient system . 
  robots would mine out a chunk at a time , deliver all the parts back to a machine ( feed the beast stuff ) that would craft more robots with the ressources gathered by the first ones . 
  those new ones got placed near a stationary computer that acted as a server and controlled all the robots . 
  i was so fascinated that i spent about a week recreating the whole thing by myself , including all the coding and stuff , it was really cool . 
  i wish i had the world save , i built it on a friends server originally and i do n't think he still has the save . 
  ye , thought the same . 
  it would already make it a pretty low chance i 'd assume . 
  just check if theres a mineshaft below the village when it gets placed , if yes , add the new building at a location that connects it to the mineshaft !, 
  or make it a seperate game like some games do . 
  dota 2 has a `` test '' version for example . . 
  you could use rails , since they only naturally spawn in mineshafts . 
  nothing costly about such a check . 
  good point , does n't bother me personally since i got a large hdd , but i can see it bothersome for others who do n't . 
  i 've never seen this before and i first played about a year ago . 
  well , each village has an area in which it can spawn buildings , you really just have to check the whole area below that and pick one of the rails . 
  you could also use fence posts or just wooden planks instead of rails . 
   aimbotting is n't comparable to exploiting a glitch, 
   it 's not an opinion you moron, 
  on top of calling him a moron for absolutely no reason , you are also wrong . 
  both are exploiting the games code in one way or another to gain an advantage . 
  bam , compared . 
  that 's what i call a human aquarium . 
  my city has one , too . 
  haha that 's hilarious , i 'm austrian , and in my area you can say `` dawai '' as short for `` tu weiter '' meaning the same thing , come on or hurry up . 
  yep , i remember that . 
  he deleted the video because he did n't want the company or guy who did the copyright claim to get the profit for his own work . 
  i think that 's just the video compression combined with the terrible resolution and the . gif format . 
  little bug in that post above : if they use markup like / u/grahammaharg did , it includes the ) at the end !, 
   turn portal into an over beaten dead horse, 
  idk man , it 's been 3 years already !, 
  i agree with counterstrike though . 
  the cs community only recently shifted over to cs : go , which has now the biggest userbase of the three ( big ones ) , and it 's playerbase is also [ constantly growing ] ( http://www.steamcharts.com/app/730#all ) . 
  it 'd be pretty stupid to release a new cs right now . 
  well , that would be awesome indeed !, 
  he made a new one , / u/unidanx iirc, 
  do you have donottrackme installed ? 
  i had the same problem until i deactivated that addon . 
  try deactivating your addons . 
  `` donottrackme '' messed the site up for me for some reason . 
  it 's funny how that bug was fixed and now returned again a month later . 
  it 's different now though . 
  the sway generally has been increased , last month it was just the horizontal sway iirc . 
  volvo pls . 
  i loved climbing in skyrim . 
  found at least 3 spots in different caves where you could get `` out '' of the world just by climbing up somewhere . 
  there 's this one mission where you had to kill some `` master alchemist '' or something , and he is in this quite tall cave . 
  you could climb so far up and then jump down outside of the world aswell haha . 
  not only that , all the circles have a meaning too ( cpu/ram meters etc. ), 
  so we have in total 3 clocks , 2 cpu readers , 3 ram readers and 3 hdd readers . 
  it does start after summer . 
  it 's not really confusing since it 's been that way since you start school at age 6 . 
  it becomes normal . 
  you basically have this big break in summer ( the actual length varies from country to country ) , and then a few other , shorter holidays throughout the year .
