is something wrong with you ?? 
  youre acting like a kid dude !, 
  you didnt even read the rules , why do you even complain that you got banned ??? 
  and now you put the server down with some ddos attack or something ?? 
  ... like a really freaky kid . 
  get down from your throne ( computerchair ) and stop trolling random people on the internet with your hacking skills for no reason . 
  there might be better ways to calm you down from your pointless rage . 
  i agree with adorable . 
  even though i can understand your anger to some point , reacting like that is n't really helping anyone , especially not yourself . 
  it 's christmas time , do you really have nothing better to do ? 
  i hope you can forgive the admins and yourself over the holidays and maybe find a server that suits better to you . 
  ruckus work . 
  his pyramid is just huge : o, 
  remember adorablepuppy ? 
  he was admin there too , the best admin along with devjock . 
  until kyrofox removed all of his commands because ap refused to write a little plugin for him . 
  ap then raged a little about that , and decided to open up his own server . 
  not as revenge , just so he would n't have a little kid commanding him around . 
  ( yes , you have read right . 
  kyro is a kid , ap will tell ya the same thing . 
  he is around 15/16 years old , i guess his father sponsored him the server ) . 
  anywho , devjock is mainly playing there now , as well !, 
  so , if you want to meet him again , just come on the server adorablepuppy.net !, 
  it has gotten quite popular for the little time it has been open for the public , and we , the admins , are working hard to fix any grief  ( coreprotect is installed to roll back grief ) . 
  devjock is co-owner of the server btw , 
  my ign is peterbaumeister , my nick there is just pete , so , nice to meet you , and i 'm looking forward to seeing you there maybe , 
  ps : mcking just got on , too  and basically all the vets/trusted guys , that got banned , are now playing at ap 's server . 
  pps : and no , ap never hacked cbg . 
  actually , ap 's server got ddosed after opening up the server for a little while , we suspect either kyro or one of his friends at mcbans of doing it . 
  but the attacks have stopped thankfully , 
  it 's worth a shot , but i know kyro , and i know mcbans . 
  kyro actually has a few friends over at mcbans , eg . 
  mrzertex and he also knows how to fake proof . 
  he has banned people globally using faked proof before . 
  1 more reason why he is a real dick . 
  he stated at the bottom that he wants no war . 
  but i know it 's up to the people to follow that or not . 
  but , tbh , i would n't mind it at all if they thaught kyro a lesson ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  and i have known kyro for a while now . 
  i 've even spoken to him over ventrilo once , turns out he 's still in puberty . 
  nevertheless he seemed like a nice guy for a long while , but since this summer he started caring only about money more and more . 
  rise and fall , rage and grace . . 
  what 's the other half ? 
  you 're welcome , 
  it was reallllly just luck that i found out about this . 
  one of our new players who saw devjock before playing in our server mentioned that he saw his name in a reddit post , and he gave me the link . 
  i 'm never on reddit usually , so i would have never found out about this any other way , 
  you know what kyro does with competition ? 
  this :, 
  he made a youtube account just to post the server ip of his old admin , that opened up his own server , to every grief video he can find , to get alot of people on to grief it . 
  i can confirm those `` false '' assumptions . 
  kyro is a bad person . 
  for all of you who do n't know :, 
  cbgaming = the server that gin has been talking about . 
  to 4 : puppy did n't want to program a plugin for kyro , he got mad and took all of his powers away temporarily in the process . 
  this is one of the reasons that made him open up his own server . 
  to 5 : adorablepuppy has n't got alot of enemies on minecraft . 
  the only `` enemies '' all come from conbriogaming . 
  there 's no evidence for it , as much as there is n't any evidence for the ddosing that happened about 2 weeks after adorablep . 
  opened up his own server , but the facts we have all lead to the logical conclusion that it was kyro or one of his followers . 
  to 6 : as i said in another post , kyro has provided faked proof - a screenshot that got photoshopped to show faked lb logs - to mcbans before ( he said that himself ) and it worked . 
  probably also because he knows one of the dispute guys over at mcbansvery well . 
  this should help you, 
  btw , after starting the appeal , i suggest you press on the `` escalate appeal '' button right away , this will speed up the process alot . 
  ( never press the `` resolve '' button !, 
  * cough * ), 
  answer this , conbrio . 
  kyro . 
  whoever . 
  i 'd show the people the post dev wrote in your forums before leaving the server . 
  it was a wall-of-text excuse for his invalid bans and a promise to do it better in the future . 
  then the second one , where he was complaining about how your server has gone to shit . 
  you ignored both posts completely , and now the posts are gone because you just banned him from your forums and deleted all his posts . 
  and that `` finding '' of proof took you over week for my ban , and i still have n't seen any proof , have i ? 
  lucky for you mcbans does n't label it 's buttons right + my native language is n't english . 
  also , your website is still hacked with that helicopter article and the n-word somewhere at the bottom , and that even though the `` hack '' happened like , what , 3 weeks ago ? 
  and in the end : nobody here cares about your maps and achievments . 
  we know you are a tf2 fanatic , and that you can put alot of effort into builds like that . 
  but you , as a person , have some serious problems , problems that just prevent you from being a good server admin . 
  a good server admin would have never banned dev . 
  never . 
  i admit , i really liked playing on your server . 
  i had ton of fun with ap in 1.1 , and i had a ton of fun playing with unreal in 1.2 . 
  but then you began to get annoying . 
  your constant fear of my exp farms and everything i built . 
  you replaced my blaze spawner in the nether with a pig spawner , rendering the xp farm that took me around 5h of work useless ( not including the time it took to get around 40 slime balls ) then you did the same with my skelly and zombie farm . 
  and then you spawned 10 enderdragons at my enderman farm . 
  they completely destroyed it . 
  that thing took at least 12 hours to build ( me and unreal together ) , + the amount of time it took to farm all the blocks it took to build + additional time i spent in figuring out my own redstone contraption at the bottom to push them all into 1 place . 
  later , i still donate all the money i had left on my paypal account to you and your server . 
  and you refuse give me the donor rank i payed for . 
  i admit it was n't much money , but it was all i had online at that time . 
  in the next few weeks , i got griefed a few times more , and nothing ever got fixed . 
  no kyro . 
  your server is n't sexy at all . 
  it may have been , a long time ago , but now it 's just retarded . 
  good riddance . 
  i left the server a while ago , and have n't been playing on it since then . 
  the problem is that that servers owner is now doing everything he can to damage adorablepuppies new server , by posting it on grief videos and stuff like that .
