  here dashcams are only permitted for private use and do n't hold up in courts , or so i 've heard . 
  that 's a really nice video explaining the issue . 
  thanks , i 've been wondering what the real reasoning was for a while . 
  edit : also , i just subscribed . 
  that guy is great . 
  yea , i just binge watched 10 videos or so . 
  pretty cool channel , thanks for the tip , always appreciated , 
  `` we 're making some big improvements '', 
  what a weird way to say they got fucked by apple . 
  i do n't think it 's unprofessional actually . 
  calling out apple would 've probably backfired due to fanboys and such , and this way , only a small percentage of users will even know about the deal . 
  i think it 's a good idea for them to do it like this , even though it might not be 100 % the truth . 
  that makes sense . 
  not sure if that 's the case ( that they did n't know ) , but it sure looks like it . 
  somebody on my team just picked a dusa into slark and invoker . 
  `` need for quest '' . 
  wtf is wrong with people . 
  fucking quests , why ca n't they be restricted to unranked only, 
  you are wrong , 
  no , you guys just need better driving lessons , stricter traffic controls and fucking considerate drivers . 
  over here we have lots of these bike lanes that are only seperated with paint from the road , and nobody drives on them . 
  there 's ones with dashed lines , on which cars are aloud to drive , but only when necessary , and they work fine too . 
  efficiency !, 
  hi , to go into a bit more depth :, 
  sexuality is a difficult beast . 
  almost everyone here has had some confusion along their way , some more , some less . 
  but we all had to get through the trouble of finding out we are attracted to not only the gender we 're `` supposed to '' . 
  now , this in no way means you are bisexual . 
  could be , as you have said yourself , just a sexual interest . 
  i personally believe many ( hetero ) men would enjoy anal play if they gave it a sincere try . 
  many are just too ashamed to give it a shot , society has done a good job in making it a taboo thing for us . 
  so , now you really only need to think about if you would be comfortable with another man fucking you , or giving him a blowjob . 
  you do n't have to enjoy every aspect of gay sex to be considered a bisexual . 
  there 's many even full blown gay men who do n't like anal at all , or giving , or receiving , or whatever . 
  it 's just who they are and does n't mean they are n't gay . 
  in your case , from your little text you probably do n't feel any romantic attraction to any guys in your surrounding right now . 
  that still does n't mean you are n't bisexual , but heteroromantic . 
  it 's just a label that says you are really only into girls romantically , but are fine with having sex with guys ( whatever that sex might entail ) . 
  now , this might be just what you are right now , a bisexual heteroromantic guy . 
  or you are fully hetero and are just into pegging/anal . 
  that 's fine too . 
  things might change in the future ( spoiler alert : they did for me ) , so be open to new experiences , but stay safe and do n't be too hard on yourself . 
  in the end , sexuality is really just what you like and dislike , and you do n't have to limit yourself by saying `` no i never got turned on by that so i 'm definitely not into it '' or `` i fantasize about anal so i must be bisexual and must be into men '' . 
  it just does n't work that way . 
  you have to find out yourself what you are and are n't into . 
  same here :(, 
  look , you can use language however you want , but that is just a definition you made up yourself , and is not how the term is used normally . 
  that 's pretty old . . 
  why ? 
  you do n't provide any actual argument . 
  i know . . his argument was that he just had oral sex , that 's not `` real sex '' to him and carries no big meaning . 
  and i went and let somebody fuck me , so i must . . idk , feel something for that guy or something ? 
  i do n't know , and i do n't understand him . 
  how is blowing somebody not sex ? 
  he does n't feel ready . . and that 's fine by me , i 'm not even out to my own family yet , only my friends . 
  but i still want him as my boyfriend , even if that 's just a silly name for us . 
  it still carries some meaning and a type of commitment . 
  his unwillingness to give me that seems so bothering . . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  honestly , everything you wrote sounds reasonable to me ... 
  it 's just so hard for me to let go . 
  just as hard as just keeping on like this . 
  the first real love of my life does n't want to commit to me because i 'm a guy . 
  we 've been dating and fucking and generally just spending so much time together for the better part of a year , but when i ask if he wanted to be my boyfriend , he just looks for excuses . 
  like , what would his mother say ?? 
  does n't help that he 's been over 6000km away for 3 months now , and we 've decided to open up our ( apparently non-existing ) relationship in the meantime , mostly to help him find out if he 's into guys in general or not . 
  so now he 's fucking all these guys while i 'm here being miserable . 
  fml ... 
  thanks for your reply . 
  i appreciate you sharing your story . 
  i know you ca n't really have a fulfilling relationship if you do n't love yourself first and foremost . 
  the thing is , i thought i did . 
  i really did , before this mess . 
  my life just has gotten a bit chaotic since last year , and my head is full of weird feelings and thoughts . 
  it 's hard getting everything back in order and seeing things clearly again . 
  i 'm just having these weird depressing phases , usually late at night , where everything seems to be crashing down and just suck . 
  i wrote this whole text in one of those slumps . 
  then , at other times , i feel like everything 's gon na be alright and i just have to wait . 
  i 'm not giving up anything for him right now , except for some rather sleepless nights . 
  but i have those anyways sometimes , i 'm a bit of a nightowl . 
  i just do n't know . 
  i am in love , no doubt . 
  i think my negative feelings evolve around the question wether he really feels the same about me . 
  he always tells me a phrase that is difficult to translate , that he is `` fond of me '' , but a bit stronger i guess . 
  it 's like a smaller `` i love you '' . 
  and when i meet people he sometimes says he really hopes i do n't fall in love with somebody , he does n't want to loose me . 
  it 's just so confusing . 
  i do n't know what is keeping him from having an actual relationship with me . 
  it 's probably a multitude of things , internalized homophobia , fear of the reactions of his relatives and friends , my internship next year ( nothing is set in stone so far , but i want to go abroad aswell , and it 's probably gon na be ~ 5 months aswell . . 
  so we 'll just slip into this situation again ) . 
  it just sucks , if i was a year older we would have at least had the internship at the same time . 
  or maybe it 's something else . 
  he is n't really clear about this , he just wants to avoid the discussion i feel . 
  those charges seem low . 
  90 days ? 
  up to 2000 $ ? 
  that 's nothing for how dangerous that was . 
  if that route has a good connection , why not ? 
  if i can be there 5-10 mins quicker i 'll do it if i 'm in a hurry . 
  i did n't say regularly .
