  a one-use per item system is simpler and makes it easier to balance the loottable . 
  go orange !, 
  not at all . 
  which is what you did , thanks for that . 
  i 'm new to dota , so it 's easy to fall for misleading information . 
  the wallpaper is pretty , the skins not imho . 
  it 'd simpler to have an amount of ropes instead of length . 
  so maybe you could find a stack of ropes like you can find a stack of stones right now . 
  why add a new mechanic if an already existing one is simpler ? 
  instead of finding 5 meters of rope you could just find 5 ropes in a stack . 
  thank you , 
  it helped that this was the patch were you had ridiculous amoints of weapon sway after running a bit , i think that is a big reason why he missed me with his shot . 
  most games ? 
  that 's stretching it . 
  there 's been an increase , that 's for sure , but the majority of games are still not available for linux . 
  did you even read his comment ? 
  he did specifically state that he does believe it happens even though he has n't seen it happening . 
  you are the one claiming hacking is not a problem in `` secure '' servers in cs , but as somebody with 1400 hours in csgo i can say that that 's bullshit . 
  the higher your rank in the game , the more hackers you will meet , and i 've seen plenty in my time , even on `` secure '' servers . 
  i still have to see a blatant one in dayz myself ( after ~ 140 hours in it ) and i only play on high population servers . 
  on the other hand i 've seen many many hackers in the mod . 
  it 's all just anecdotal evidence and does n't mean much . 
  i do n't think double tapping means what you think it does ... , 
  double tapping describes a shooting technique , not shooting somebody in the head once he 's down to make sure he 's dead . 
  can confirm . 
  desync is horrible , worse than in the mod or any other game i 've seen before . 
  i recorded this two days ago on stable , shows just how bad it is :, 
  0 + is incompatible with a , b and ab actually . 
  ab + is the one that can recieve all bloodtypes . 
  0 - can be given to all other bloodtypes but does n't accept any other itself . 
  huh , i did n't know that you can do that . 
  does it kill you instantly ? 
  desync yourself ? 
  simple solution : you ca n't suicide until your character is at least 20-30 minutes old . 
  i 've heard it before but always found it strange . 
  might 've been in frankies videos , i think he used the term that way once or twice . 
  and we all know how that goes . 
  i see , that 's interesting . 
  can you knock somebody else out that way ? 
  would be an interesting way to kill a camper as a freshspawn , 
  interesting !, 
  is that how people glitch into walls ? 
  yea the backpack items seem to make it usually . 
  my pants on the other hand . . 
  you can get stuck in buildings wether you have a gun or not . 
  i only once glitched into one wall because a server restarted while i was in a building on the first floor , but i could easily get out just by vaulting once against the wall . 
  i thankfully have n't run into any intentional wall glitchers at any of the airfields , although i do check for them by looking through the wall myself . 
  when you are 0 - you can still die by giving yourself any other blood , he meant ab + . 
  i guess in a hardcore server this would n't be too much of a problem if you are sneaky enough , 
  i 'm sure you do , but how does that mean anything ? 
  if we look at some numbers , [ here ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/search/?os=linux&amp;category1=998 ) you can find games available for linux on steam . 
  that 's `` only '' 582 . 
  what about windows ? 
  [ 3448 games ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/search/?category1=998&amp;os=win&amp;page=1 ) , almost 6 times as many . 
  you are right , but that post is only 19 hours old and has over 700 upvotes , with that algorithm it would still be at the top , but you ca n't find it even a couple pages down the frontpage . 
  it has been deleted , wether by the user or admins . 
  you know what , the only thing you can really do if that happens on a private server is to not play there anymore . 
  my friends and i had the misfortune to play on such a server for a while until we managed to kill the admin and his friends in a fair firefight , capturing his armored suv . 
  when we drove it back to our base there was a fresh spawn waiting inside it with a satchel charge ( and nothing else ) , the explosion blew up the suv , killed half of us and the freshspawn , so we could find out his name . 
  it was one of the admins we just killed a few minutes earlier . 
  after that we said fuck it , spammed the sidechat for as long as possible telling everybody that the admins are abusive and switched to a different server . 
  in other games it is still reasonable , in this game you can kill somebody and die 5 seconds later . 
  you ca n't be seriously saying that other games are like that . 
  there is no conspiracy , we 're just saying the thread got deleted . 
  why else would i see a 22 hour old one with only 250 upvotes on the dayz reddit but not that one with 700 upvotes ? 
  downvotes do n't come into play here , by upvotes we already talk about the total score , upvotes - downvotes . 
  no , the algorithm does n't care about downvotes , it just takes the total score . 
  also , who is trying to stir up something ? 
  let 's see :, 
  game | linux ? 
  dota | yes, 
  cs : go | no, 
  3 tf2 | yes, 
  unturned | no, 
  fb manager '13 | yes, 
  skyrim | no, 
  civ v | yes, 
  gmod | yes, 
  counter-strike 1.6 | yes, 
  so that 's 6 out of 10 , not bad , but as a gamer linux is still not my os of choice . 
  if we go further down we get 11 . 
  dayz and 12 . 
  arma iii , both windows only , and out of the next 8 we only get 3 linux games . 
  i used [ these stats ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/stats/ ) which are the currently most played games by the way , no the ones from the whole last week or month or whatever . 
  also that 's only steam of course , 
  that list is changing a lot , though . 
  so you probably just have a different one in mind . 
  have n't seen that free to play game before actually except once on twitch a few days ago , did n't think there would be so many people playing it . 
  how ... can you . . 
  i do n't even ... 
  the only settings that affect my fps for more than 2-3 fps are object detail in cities and anti-aliasing in general . 
  object detail on low gains me about 10-15 fps in bigger cities , while turning off anti-aliasing gives me around 5-10 in general . 
  all with object detail on medium and aa off i get around 40 fps in cities and 70-80 in the wild , 
  so you 're not usually playing with 10 fps ? 
  phew . 
  come to axe !, 
  what ever happened to the 100 player servers ? 
  they seemed to run quite well , and tbat was months ago, 
   as they have been doing for ** decades ** . 
  fixed that for you .
