   you got ta hide and check your surroundings all the time to see if.people are sneaking around . 
  yea that totally does n't happen on hardcore . 
  can you maybe explain what you mean with your suggestion ? 
  i have no clue wtf you mean with that title . 
  and why ? 
  that 's how cauldrons used to work when they introduced them , but they ditched that method in favor of the brewing stand . 
  so like [ this 6 months old suggestion ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraftsuggestions/comments/1u2jsd/mix_potions/ ) ? 
  i hate it when games mess with my mouse sensitivity . 
  why is the old .45 way not fine ? 
  you had to stop sprinting to shoot anyways . 
  also , you are faster without a 2-handed item in your hands . 
  ye , [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraftsuggestions/comments/24ifn8/balanced_idea_for_cauldrons/ ) another one , but that one was harder to find due to shitty title . 
  omg morrowind . 
  godmode and jump level 5000 all the way across the map in a 2 minute long flight , never knowing where you 'll land next . 
  do you really need a / s on that comment ? 
  the only drums i ever got where from a random guy i met in berezino . 
  i was a fresh spawn , and he just ran at me with full gear , high capacity vest , helmet , 3 drums and ak with scope . 
  he asks me if i 'm friendly , i just said `` i guess so , i do n't have anything yet '' , and he just casually drops all his gear and says i can keep it . 
  never been so confused before . 
  he said he got it from a bandit he killed , but he wants to run around naked for a bit . 
  lol . 
  i know you probably did n't mean it , but `` lovely creature '' sounds a bit demoting for a human . 
  lol , seriously ? 
  tbh , i 'm not a native speaker , but in german `` kreatur '' , creature , is something you do n't just say like that , it generally means somebody is an ugly shit . 
  if it 's different in english then i am sorry . 
  no need to get so fucking aggressive though . 
  heh , now it 's second place . 
  we can do it reddit !, 
  i still think it 's unnecessary to let admins have control of the messages . 
  in private hives , yea sure , but why do public hive servers need different messages ? 
  the only thing they are being used for is messages like this or for `` this is a friendly server , no pvp allowed '' bullshit . 
  mojang recently banned server owners from `` selling '' ingame items in their own servers . 
  yes , they can disallow such things . 
  as long as they do n't mess this up and only let you fold it when there 's no items inside it or we 'll have people on this sub complaining how they deleted their shiny new mp5 this way . 
  really good idea though , i like it . 
  livestreamer works with it , but it does n't seem to recognize the hd quality , it only works for up to 480p for me . 
  might be because there 's currently only the `` experiment is experiencing technical issues '' screen up , but i 'm not sure . 
  i actually have the same problem with my clock . 
  it seems to automatically assign a width value each time i start up rainmeter , depending on how wide the clock is at that moment , but as soon as it changes to a different time where the numbers take up more space it gets cut off at the right . 
  i too would like to see a solution to this , since the w = and h = arguments seem to do literally nothing . 
  edit : maybe try clipstring = 0 or clipstring = 2 ? 
  i will try it for myself , but i wo n't see the result immediately . 
  clipstring = 2 needs dynamicwindowsize = 1 in the [ rainmeter ] section . 
  well , the only solution i can think of about your chrome problem is a bit complicated and would involve ahk . 
  basically , you 'd set the button up to start a script that checks if you already have a chrome window open , and if yes , put that in the foreground , if not , open a new one . 
  i have a similar script for foobar , you 'd just have to change the folder location and the ahk class code . 
  run c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ foobar2000 \\ foobar2000.exe, 
  return, 
  winactivate, 
  else, 
  return, 
  just found a similar thing on / r/customization , it 's not the iss , but maybe you are interested , 
  it really is the worst thing about your desktop in my opinion , the colourful gamebanners just do n't fit into any theme i 've seen so far here . 
  in black and white they would look a lot better . 
  it 'd probably be an easy fix with some photoshop , 
  those are some legit reasons i rarely see . 
  maybe it 's just because i generally ignore them by now . 
  you can see it actually if you are watching carefully . 
  pretty stupid maneuver , especially when you are an inexperienced driver . 
  i have n't tried it myself , but it looks like a slideshow only . 
  it seems like the program basically displays a picture that corresponds perfectly with the time and date so the earth on your screen looks like the earth would look at that moment . 
  a video with the stream would be possible i think , but it would be more complicated to implement . 
  and it is delicious . 
  so delicious . 
  i pretty much never played alone in the mod once i found a group to play with , but in the standalone i had much more fun alone so far . 
  especially because one of my current group is pretty impatient and always wants to kos . 
  it gets boring that way . 
  i have much more fun just meeting people and having a talk . 
  sometimes you get shot , but whatever . 
  what the other 2 have n't mentioned yet is , that if you are being shot at often the impacts and the sound of the bullets wizzing past seems louder than the shots themselves , especially if the shooter is further away . 
  this along with buggy sound makes it really difficult to locate your enemy in time in some situations . 
  if they have a bulletproof helmet a headshot wo n't kill them , but will knock them out instead , so they are pretty easy to finish off later . 
  you are getting downvoted but you have a point . 
  i have n't seen any of the other postols being used yet , mainly because by the time you find any fricking mag for your pistol you will have found 2 mosins , an ak and 5 sks ' with tons of ammo for them . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  thise buildings are n't excactly new , they 've been used in novo already !, 
  there 's also been a couple on askreddit that had hundreds of suggested programs and a few thousand comments each . 
  pretty sure the first one is also in novo . 
  yup , funnier than the video of some kids getting beat up that was frontpaged earlier ... 
  butthurt kids downvoting me . 
  it 's not funny , grow up . 
  something about loosing against kids . 
  3 guys played soccer against 3 kids , lost , and beat them up badly . 
  then they went inside and got yelled at by their mum , who called them bad soccer players so they beat her up too . 
  pretty stupid and apparently i was the only one in that thread not finding it very funny . 
  im on mobile so i ca n't really find the thread for you , sorry . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't find him funny . 
  yea pretty much . 
  i was waiting for any sort of punchline , but nope , it was just some guys beating weaker people up . 
  ha ... ha . 
   http://photographyisnotacrime.com/2014/07/14/miami-cop-fearing-termination-altercation-speeding-internal-affairs-lieutenant/[1], 
  does n't look like it . 
  the cop got fired , not the lt. 
  yes you can . 
  to have a defib waking up unconscious people is really weird , but on the other hand , morphine fixes broken bones . 
  wtf that guys backpack was stuffed with ammo . 
  do people really think they need that much ammo ? 
  i never carry more than 60 bullets with me when i use the mosin . 
  i do n't like the lengths system .
