  while watching the video , something came to my mind : why ca n't you actually loot other people without actually killing them ? 
  sure , you can steal stuff from their backpack , but not from their inventory . 
  also , while you are taking stuff they could just start running away or draw a gun and shoot you . 
  i know it 's probably been suggested a few thousand times , but there really should be non-lethal weapons in dayz ( are n't there tasers in one of the mods ? ) . 
  maybe even hand-cuffs or ropes to tie somebody up for a while . 
  right now you can only do it the `` frankie '' way by shooting them in the chest with an m14 or so and hoping that they fall unconscious . 
  if they do n't , though luck , they 're gon na die instead . 
  tasers , arrows with poison that make you unconscious or just a hammer to the face knocking you out or something along those lines could make player interaction a lot more interesting . 
  on a semi-related note , i always hated it how you ca n't sneak up on anyone in dayz atm , first because you ca n't sneak without making sounds and second because of the stupid 3rd person mode ( in those servers ) . 
  but that 's just me ranting . 
  regarding 3 ) : i do n't like stuff like this because it hurts casual players and people that just ca n't play that much . 
  also , i 'd hate to go on vacation and come back to see my character dead ... 
  food just needs to be less common . 
  i still remember playing namalsk for the first few times : if i did n't get killed by the cold or one of the many armed players shortly after spawning , i starved to death because i just could n't find any food . 
  also backpacks were rare as fuck outside the big city . 
  i was wondering already ... :p, 
  edit : how stupid to try to land near electro with that thing ... plus , autohover made this an easy kill , 
  you are right . 
  not many people follow reddiquette . 
  fun to see this , i just fired up dayzcommander after not playing for a few months , and all populated servers i see are on easy mode , always day , 1000 + vehicles and 100 + choppers , sniper on spawn etc. 
  wtf ? 
  how is this even dayz anymore ? 
  is n't that just normal armaii deathmatch with a bunch of weak zombies thrown in ? 
  the hide unofficial option does n't work properly though . 
  i 'm still getting a bunch of 1000 + vehicles/spawn with full gear/armaii deathmatch servers . 
  i agree . 
  but making such a huge-ass map that is also good is very hard and time consuming . 
  on the other hand , it is very easy to fuck it up and make a boring and crappy map that nobody would play . 
  for now , they are working on actually improving the gameplay and mechanics of the game , maybe later they will expand on it with new maps , vehicles , weapons and what not . 
  not sure how , but yea maybe . 
  first off : guys , [ do n't downvote bc somebody has a different opinion ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) . 
  he has valid points and is just adding to the conversation . 
  if you look at it like that , it sounds a little bit more reasonable , but i 'm pretty sure it would piss a lot of people off , myself included . 
  what if you have to log out while being low on food and then ca n't play for a day or two ? 
  do you die just becuse you did n't eat before logging out ? 
  also , it does n't really seem to add that much that it would be worth to piss off everyone ... except the loot thing . 
  rocket said they would handle the spawnrate of items like the nightvision globally so that there would only be so many of that item around at any time . 
  but , what if somebody just logs out with one of those items and does n't come back on ? 
  pretty sure they thought about that somehow , maybe by adding one of that item back to the pool after the player has been offline for x amount of time . 
  but , when the player comes back on , then there will be one item more around then before . 
  if we starve him to death instead while he 's logged , that would n't happen . 
  ( i hope you can understand what i was trying to say :p ), 
  well , your reaction was too funny , 
  helicopter take downs are always awesome . 
  i remember shooting a few shots bullets at a quickly flying helicopter on lingor wth an m107 over a few hundred meters and taking out it 's rotor . 
  it was glorious watching it slowly descending and then exploding into a fireball :d, 
  well , as somebody from austria , the redbull football ( soccer ) team sucks . 
  it 's at the top in austria , but that 's about it . 
  servus tv , it 's quite good actually . 
  sometimes . 
  what the hell stop spamming this on every comment in this thread . 
  it 's okay to post it once or twice , but spamming it all over the thread , even with the excact same comment every time , just makes him look like a bot , even though the video fit here . 
  thank you thank you thank you , 
  this fixed youtube for me !, 
  yep :( i 've played on a very awesome rpg-map server for a few months , even broke a few local records on there and made a few friends who played there regularly . 
  then , after the frezone crap the server has just disappeared : / . 
  fish 's maps were just too awesome . 
  tried stopping the video before the last shot , and ended up with [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/alsu50x.jpg ) instead . 
  looks like right after your screenshot , he pulls the scope down while the guy he 's aiming at stands up . 
  the change between standing and crouching might have messed up his hitbox though . 
  nothing to do with 64tic though , just the way crouching messes up your hitbox and the general hitregistry issues many people have been complaining about . 
  also , quickscoping = = nope . 
  to really be sure we 'd need the demo though , not some compressed youtube video . 
  well , that 's even more impressive !, 
  have an extra grenade-bounding-box ? 
  that would probably create a lot of calculations aswell though . 
  true , have the box like now up until the shoulders , and then put a smaller bounding box at the head region . 
  uhm ... obviously yes , you loose . 
   i do n't see how this could be exploited, 
  you really do n't see any way how this could be exploited ? 
  your team is 15:0 behind , 1 guy leaves , you surrender , yay , no loose . 
  are you sure it was just your team having a bad time and not the other team too ? 
  because valve 's servers sometimes have some issues , i 've had it a few times . 
  everyone 's ping goes to something ridiculous like 800 ( sometimes 1 or 2 players do n't get such high pings for some reason ) , and it basically prevents you rom moving . 
  then , after a few minutes , it stops and everything goes fine again . 
  well , in steam 's tos ( or something like that ) you agreed not to share your account with anyone . 
  that is actually a reason to ban your account ( pretty sure there has never been anyone getting banned for that reason though ) . 
  but it 's not really something valve should have to think about ( shared accounts ) . 
  you could still exploit it once per day then for one of your last matches ( on that day ) . 
  then your bantime never goes above 30 minutes . 
  well , we except strache are . 
  i do . 
  as long as your bantime does not got above 30 minutes , you can get one ban every day . 
  once you get a 2 hour ban , it takes ~ a week to get back down to 30 minutes . 
  just ` schei\u00dfe ' is more common . 
  pretty sure it 's not about the color , it 's about contrast . 
  one reason you ca n't read as fast on computer screens as on paper is because of the overly high contrast settings . 
  for gaming , low contrast is n't very good obviously , but it also puts more strain on your eyes . 
  even phoon ca n't get them right 100 % of the time in csgo . 
  bunnyhopping is a lot harder now , without scripts it is basically impossible to get them right all the time . 
  also , if the persons movement in general is shitty , but he does bunnyhops like it 's easy-peasy , it 's probably a script aswell . 
  if he does it once , no . 
  if he does it a few times in the match while never failing at it ( sometimes people just try to start doing it but fail a couple of times ) , maybe . 
  i would only really say he 's cheating if he does it very obviously , for example in nuke if he manages to leave the spawn area every time 3 seconds earlier than his team ( or something like that ) . 
  at the moment you are lucky to get more than 60 fps ( on some machines ) , so you might wan na wait until the next patch comes out . 
  i 've managed to do a couple of bunnyhops in a row myself without any scripts , but usually no more than 4 . 
  you _ do _ get faster than 250 like that . 
  the faster you go , the harder it gets to keep bunnyhopping though . 
  i 'm excited , no matter if it 's gon na be a free demo or not . 
  either way , there 's gon na be a ton of youtube videos about it by tomorrow , i can tell you that ,
