  what do you mean ? 
  antichamber is great for speedrunning . 
  a first time player will take a few hours to complete it , a speedrunner can cut that time down to a few minutes . 
  pretty amazing speedruns out there for it . 
  not anymore . 
  ah , i did n't know those changes . 
  imo , not that bad apart from that they really are more dangerous to servers ( for the farms ) . 
  they game is too easy at the moment , a few nerfs are n't that bad . 
  iron and gold farms just need new designs , and the villager thing pretty much stops the infinite villager breeding which could kill servers and break worlds . 
  fun story that really made me realize how much bs is in our news :, 
  a famous skiier here in austria got seriously hurt and was being treated in a hospital in my city . 
  yesterday as i was deiving around in my ambulance ( i 'm paramedic ) i hear in the radio news that he `` just arrived in vienna for further treatment '' . 
  my driver just laughed and said actually we brought him to that clinic 2 days ago already , in secrecy of course to avoid reporters . 
  it might , step by step . 
  and maybe not 1 by 1 , but similar, 
  i read until `` attracting ** pro gamers ** with huge franchise titles such as * grand theft auto * '' . 
  no comment . 
  it 's mine now ... \u0ca0 \u25e1 \u0ca0, 
  agreed . 
  why is greenish-yellow , though ? 
  thanks for using gfycat !, 
  people always forget to include ingame screenshots . 
  try using only x y and z and r = 0, 
  he said it was n't working for him with only xyz , but he might have just done something wrong there . 
  edit : just tested it , and not specifying r seems to set r = unlimited and not 0 . not sure if bug . 
  heh , was just wondering why they did n't put an orange-red filter . 
  still looks nice , just not excactly like in minecraft . 
  the e in the third row are your entities , not the one in the second row . 
  7/37 means 7 out of 37 entities are currently in your field of view . 
  excactly , just make one of the screens that games so often have ( set your gamma so you can see x barely , but ca n't see y anymore ) , and program the game around that gamma level . 
  to change it , you have to reinstall your game or something similar to prevent players from changing it again and every time they switch server . 
  just make it a one time thing , so you can still adjust it to your monitor , but ca n't change it everytime you switch server . 
  the thing is , darkness irl really makes things as black and white as the game . 
  with the arma2 engine , they were going for realism , which is why it now is that way . 
  question is , does dayz really need that ? 
  would n't nighttime be much more beautiful with colors ? 
  i think so . 
  i do n't get why there 's even any daylight servers out there ( at the moment ) . 
  sure , more people like daylight , but i thought at the beginning they were n't gon na allow such modifications to the servers until private hives are allowed . 
  i thought the public hive was one setting and one only . 
  but no , apparently server owners can do what they want , even if the server is running on the public hive ... 
   1 me and talla both got sick from drinking water from stagnant pools/pond, 
  2 i never adressed that in the video, 
  3 tested on 5 servers after reboot , 4 had ammo 3 had pistol and ammo, 
  4 small mistake, 
  6 you learned something new, 
  fixd formatting, 
  chemical plants or trucks wo n't irradiate anything . 
  a nuclear powerplant would make more sense , also nuclear waste depots or something like that . 
  worked for me !, 
  @e [ 100,56,100,0 ] did the job just fine . 
  if i left out the last number , it would just count all entities everywhere for some reason . 
  not really . 
  next time you are out at night and away from light sources like street lamps , etc. 
  or just in a dimly lit room , try making out different colored pens for example . 
  it 's very tricky to do , in dark areas everything turns into shades of black/grey . 
  easier would be to just allow everyone to respawn after their character is  1hour old or something like that . 
  sure , if it works , it works !, 
  seeing this [ well preserved castle ] ( https://www.google.com/search?&amp;site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1178&amp;bih=934&amp;q=hohensalzburg&amp;oq=hohensalzburg&amp;gs_l=img.3..0l3j0i24l7.903.2118.0.2196.13.11.0.2.2.0.100.528.9j1.10.0....0...1ac.1.32.img..1.12.544.ltgciefkqrc ) ( salzburg , austria ) when i look out my window , i ca n't help but feel like they really only did a half-assed job with the dayz/arma2 castles . 
  apparently in every single castle nothing but the towers and some walls survived the times , and it does n't help that they just reused the same tower 5 times and the same entrance gate aswell . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( http://www.salzburgcb.com/image/files-hohensalzburgfestunghohensalzburgfestung011large.jpg ) a nice pic from inside our castle . 
  excactly , more interesting interiors , aswell as exteriors . 
  so much could be done with them , and so little has been done . 
  shopping carts are great on concrete , but on grass or foresty ground they ca n't really roll around . 
  maybe you move very slow offroad with them ? 
  just another post that breaks rule v ( and arguably rule ii ) . 
  any mods still around this place ? 
  thanks . 
  sorry , but rules like this are there for a meaning , and if nobody gives a shit about the rules anymore , sub goes down the drain in terms of quality and turns into a karma whoring place like r/funny, 
  maybe it 's just because i 'm more used to it , but yea . 
  to somebody who has never written code before , applescript might be easier to understand , but if you have a bit of knowledge in coding it 's not really helpful anymore . 
  niiiice . 
  schloss neuschwanstein and festung hohensalzburg might not fit the whole `` ex-soviet '' region but some equivalent castle would be awesome . 
  the athletes in ancient greek used to run naked in the olympics ( one reason why it was married women forbidden to watch them ) . 
  the runners actually used to tie their dicks with little `` leashes '' to their body so they would n't flop around so much . 
  very very elegant . 
  one of the better ones i 've seen around here . 
  for me it 's also different , i have n't bought it a single time in the last half year or so and everytime i see fire blocking my way i either wait the 3 seconds or shrug and jump through . 
  it usually does n't do enough damage to matter . 
  also , it 's harder to use than most other grenades and i have n't seen anyone using it efficiently so far . 
  and if you do n't use it efficiently , it 's just thrown out money meaning you might not be able to buy an m4 next round and have to go with a famas . 
  it 's situational . 
  in 64 tick servers i occasionally get moments where i either am dead on with my aim and still miss , or where i shoot next to the player and somehow his hitbox is still there and i manage to kill him . 
  never seen that on 128 tick servers . 
  sound occlusion is another thing . 
  it 's so random on nuke , sometimes i 'm behind vents i ca n't hear ak shots on b site , then when i walk 3 steps in a direction i suddenly hear them clearly as if he was standing next to me . 
  it 's just broken . 
  also , just yesterday on an eco i was the last one on my team , and one of my teammates said the bomb was on b , so i waited in tunnels for the terrorists to get an exit frag and a weapon . 
  only when i heard steps above me i finally noticed that the bomb was on a , because you could not locate the beeping sound properly . 
  ohhh , maybe that it 's pretty much as accurate while moving as while standing ? 
  every other gun is shit while moving , but with the p90 can strafe left and right and still kill somebody from nuke ramp in vents in 2 seconds if you get just a little bit lucky . 
  it 's ridiculous sometimes . 
  it should n't be as bad as the negev while moving , but a bit more like it . 
  well , to be fair `` people need to stop complaining '' is kinda the opposite of contributing to discussion , it is trying to cripple discussion . 
  man , sorry , but why is there only shit like this coming to my frontpage from this sub lately ? 
  i played a match on inferno a few days ago against a team of my ranks , in which 2 or 3 guys always played p90 . 
  and they friggin owned with it . 
  in second half when it was about 13-11 for them , i got so fed up that i bought one myself and tried using the guns strength against them . 
  aka rushing b , smoking ct , flashing site and running in while holding m1 . 
  it worked 4 times in a row , and we won 14-16 .
