  more like people will spam the forums and reddit about how every game sucks because somebody always instapicks meepo even though he has the micro skills of a retarded giraffe . 
  edit :, 
  oh man , i remember being so annoyed at the windows vista popup thing when you plugged anything into your computer or put in a cd . 
  i missed autoplay too . 
  if the world generation changes , your house might be underground all of a sudden ... or up in the air . 
  i got an email just a week ago that i can claim my name for that link ... 
  i only have 5 subs . 
  only sometimes . 
  using an item counts as casting a spell for that option . 
  blink -  autoattack tiny -  craggy procs and instantly stuns you . 
  you 're awesome !, 
  jump too far and you might land face first on concrete ... no thanks . 
  of course the cammer is at fault , but ... that breakout triangle ... what use is that thing if you position it 5 meters behind your car ? 
   that 's because people know degrees better ,, 
  also because degrees are more comfortable to work with , instead of having to deal with decimal points , you just have whole numbers . 
  but yea , when you say 90 degrees , more people will know what you mean than when you talk about 1.4312 radians, 
  it is n't but i guess it all comes down to what people are used to , like you said , 
  although 90 \u00b0 was n't the best example , but numbers like 95 \u00b0 or 70 \u00b0 are n't so easy though, 
  pls comment i comment u, 
  oh man , when i worked in ( mandatory ) civil service i was paramedic , we did a lot of just transporting old people around . 
  this one lovely lady had a pretty bad reputation among my peers already , and i got to know first hand why . 
  everytime i had to drive her somewhere ( thank god it only happened three times ) , she just puts her trashbags in your hands . 
  no comment , no please no thank you and in the end , no tip either . 
  and just overall she was being quite a prick . 
  very unpleasant `` patient '' . 
  that 's the one , thanks , 
  we got a couple in austria aswell , they 're quite fun indeed . 
  they 're not made out of concrete though , 
  we call them `` sommerrodelbahn '' ( summer sledging track basically ) and we have 2 different kinds . 
  first one is similar to yours , just made out of smooth metal ( [ link ] ( http://www.rodelbahnen.at/ ) , wow that website is awful ... ) , the other one is more like a rollercoaster track that does n't loop but just goes down a hill ( [ link ] ( http://www.tennengau.com/sommerrodelbahn-duerrnberg ) ) . 
  it 's a sub-ability ( at least should be ) of infest . 
  it 's similar ( although not quite ) like pucks jump to orb sub-ability . 
  control does n't make sense without infest , so it will probably come with it . 
  was n't gta v pc gon na come out this fall ? 
  or am i remembering this wrong . . 
  how do you backup your files ? 
  i just occassionally drop everything onto my external , just overwriting everything that was already on it . 
  is there a more efficient way of doing it , any good program maybe ? 
  always overwriting files that have n't even changed makes the process take quite a bit longer than it should . 
  thanks , i 'll try these out , 
  does n't aftershock work with toggles ? 
  like witchdoc heal ? 
  i heard that being op as fuck in ad, 
  the troubles of having a 120hz monitor ... , 
  right , mana shield was the really op one since it does n't cost anything . . 
  but yea , i believe the changed it . 
  there 's still some really great skills you can get with it , static remnant or anything timbersaw works great . 
  ( is timber even in ad ? 
  have n't seen him before ), 
  as a relatively new player , i 'm surprised seeing earth spirit being released at the same time as his ember bro . 
  i wonder how long it 'll be until he finally makes it into captains mode ... 
  it 's such a fun hero , to play and to watch . 
  i wish i could see more pro players playing him . 
  it 's my most played hero , but i know i could learn so much from watching pros playing him . 
  you ussually do n't even know the name of some guy in dayz , so there 's no way to specify which player you want to report even if there was an option for it . 
  [ that one 's ] ( http://snowflake.thebookofeveryone.com/specials/make-your-snowflake/?p=bmftzt0ln0qlm0qlm0qlm0qln0mujtnbliuyoq%3d%3d ) a bit creepy , but cool . 
  you asked for it :p, 
  still . . that looked like 50 max to me , maybe 70 before the curve, 
  tbh , i watched that video without sound at first and thought the whole thing was in slowmotion . 
  i 'm not sure how you manage to spin out your car at that speed , but maybe the curve is sharper than it looks to me . 
  i agree , i have n't thought about the fov . 
  you know my methods , watson . 
  man , i thought that was a 10 minute abandon stomp game , but it actually lasted 31 minutes with no kill for one team !, 
  that 's ... amazing . 
  that 's what happens when the tires touch . 
   would make him ~ ~ fair ~ ~ useless, 
  til epitome is pronounced eh-pi-t ~ ~ oo ~ ~ - me , i always thought it was pronounced epi-tome . 
  tuh-me alright okay do n't hurt me please . 
  close enough, 
  same , but i 've heard the proper pronounciation of that before , not the one of epitome though . 
  oh man , you got a lot of work in front of you haha , 
  well , both obviously . 
  it 's been while , but if i remember my high school music class right , it 's a sub genre of metal that is heavily influenced by hip-hop . 
  think early linkin park for example . 
   dark souls is the perfect , benchmark game by which all other games should be measured, 
  lol . 
  that 's just plain stupid . 
  and that 's coming from somebody who loves the game to pieces , probably my favourite singleplayer game of all time . 
  but to say that game is perfect ? 
  just . . no . 
  why is it ridiculous ? 
  we 're getting to a point where most peoples jobs get taken over by robots or programs . 
  look into crashlanding . 
  it 's a singleplayer modpack but it can work in mp aswell . 
  had to try it after seeing etho play it , and it 's the most difficult minecraft experience i 've had so far . 
  i 'm on my 13th world ( hardcore mode ) and just now managed to actually get a bit of infrastructure up for the first time !, 
  it 's an awesome modpack either way , and it 's on the ftb launcher so easy to install !, 
  sounds like low prio in dota . . 
  steam has such a stupid way of finding other people ... you ca n't use their display names , which is ridiculous ... everyone gives out their set display name , but the search does n't even look at that name so you never find the person you are looking for ... 
  after some googling i found that vemacs seems to be a minecraft plugin developer of some sorts , that 's probably an interface of one of his plugins i reckon . 
  easier way : press middle mouse button and move mouse down a litte bit . 
  can u even combine undamaged swords ? 
  there 's not much he could 've done . 
  you have to stay safe in such situations , and setting a foot on the road when there 's cars shooting in like darts onto a dartboard then you probably should keep your distance until police has set up a road block or something . 
  i feel like dayz really is different , it never ever claimed to be a finished , bug-free game . 
  just read through the first paragraph or so of it 's steam page . 
  it even says not to buy it unless you like testing an unfinished product . 
  on the other hand , warz was out of it 's beta within months , with tons of bugs still up and hackers all over it . 
  on top of that it had microtransactions . 
  haha oh that poor jugger,
