  it 's just soo clunky and weird compared to any other game . 
  what other game has you standing still just to switch weapons ? 
  i feel like they ( bohemia ) wanted it to be realistic but went only half-way with it . 
  they tied switching weapons to an actual animation , but now it needs to play that animation to switch weapons , and the animation requires you to stand still . 
  now in the sa they 've made a second animation for running and switching , but forgot to add that it plays that one in case you run * and * have your fists/weapon up , meaning you still stop if you have your fists/weapon raised . 
  also , since it is one long animation , you ca n't stop running while switching weapons , which is pretty retarded aswell . 
  the whole animation system seems to be faulty and unstable , and i hate how they have n't adressed that in the last year of developing , since it is just one of the basic things that this game needs to finally work . 
  now they just seem to roll with a faulty system and build on top of that with half-assed solutions like the `` run and switch '' animation . 
  wooooahhhh wait a minute . 
  people are buying knives in csgo for more than 1000 bucks ? 
  fuck you , report, 
  and less from far away . 
  huh , jiffy still works ? 
  nice . 
  it 's not bad per se , it 's just a completely different experience . 
  imo , light sources like the flashlights need a little buff so you can actually look for loot in houses , at the moment the beam is so small that you ca n't see shit that 's close to you . 
  also , add some more static light sources to cities might not be bad . 
  night gameplay overall can be vers interesting though . 
  wandering through pitch black night with a small flashlight can be so intense . 
  you got ta register an account over there . 
  you should only do this if that is your isp , otherwise this wo n't do anything at all . 
  thanks , the video loaded faster than the gif . 
  that 's some loooong supper you 're having . 
  you could defenitely make it so zombies do n't aggro on people that are asleep . 
  it 's supposed to be a method against combat logging on other players , so why not ? 
  if you have a zombie aggroed on you already , you should n't even be able to start `` falling asleep '' . 
  i just found the original comment and face palmed . 
  no idea why op cut it here . 
  `` most important to me for doing asap is implementing the server queuing system to solve combat-logging and loot farming . 
  it 's pretty close to done , but it 's not going to be until i 'm back in cz which is mid january . '', 
  man , not on topic , but i just realized how bad youtubes compression can be . 
  goddammit , i just printed the brown one before stumbling upon this thread . 
  thanks anyways , 
  defenitely , have found 2 or 3 in tents already . 
  no worries , just printed the white one aswell , it 's gon na help me a lot until i got this all in my head !, 
  thanks for your work , keep it up , 
  one more reason to implement hive-wide synchronised time and a 19 hour day . 
  none in yet, 
  19 was just an arbitrary number that cycles a few hours every day , can be whatever . 
  although i would prefer it being longer than 12 hours myself . 
  thanks . 
  did n't rocket say nvgs would be so rare that only a couple existed at any time on all servers ? 
  the chance you would run into somebody with one would be slim if night-time was synchronised on the public hive servers . 
  that 's why we need to push html5, 
  an odd number would make sense since it would shift gametime and real time every day so that at the same timein real life you have a different time ingame every day . 
  i like night gameplay aswell , but night time servers are always empty . 
  it just takes half the game away for me if you can just conveniently escape nighttime by switching servers . 
  last time i called out two wallers in the enemy team they started going really obvious , dust2 awping us through double doors before we even crossed and that stuff . 
  before that they were kinda trying to hide it , but since they sucked hard it was still kinda obvious to us . 
  calling them out can make them more careful , but it can both ways , 
  it 's also for weapon achievements . 
  since there 's usually many people that instantly respawn standing around afk , you can easiky kill them a few hundred times for the achievements . 
  cheap , but the quickest way to do it probably . 
  saved for later !, 
  thanks, 
  i also got that thing where it would teleport you back a few hundred meters , but that just once . 
  what i get a lot more since last week is a short stutter where your movement would go to fuck for 1-2 seconds before going back to normal . 
  actually , if somebody does that , the zombies can get stuck in the hitting animation . 
  they just keep attacking the air where the player logged out . 
  it 's not that uncommon either ... 
  that 's incorrect , the mods are quite lenient with that rule . 
  events that started more than 20 years ago but ended less than that ago can still be discussed . 
  ca n't remember anything specific , but i remember people talking about it in the `` 1994 is now open to discussion '' post from last week . 
  somebody even brought the same argument up i think . 
  i could n't get to the end of this chain last time i tried , which was about a month ago . 
  i 'm curious if this is still the same one ... 
  great idea . 
  everytime i do something awesome , i save my demos , but i ca n't remember where i did what in which demo , since i have quite a few already . 
  the only gripe with your setup was the bright background , hope somebody has a better version , it looks really good apart from that . 
  i 've been in the desert in the middle of australia and they turned off all the lamps , but there was some moonlight , so it does n't quite count . 
  anyways , you could still see quite a lot after your eyes adjusted . 
  i think the way it is handled in the game right now is not bad actually . 
  it 's good gameplaywise and it 's quite realistic . 
  the moon shines most of the time anyways , only when it 's gone it 's completely black . 
  when it 's pitchblack for you , it 's pitchblack for everyone . 
  there 's flashlights and weapon flashlights , use them when needed . 
  hahahaha oh my god that website is awful, 
  the bandit in the vid was alone though , it would 've taken him longer to get his gun back out than the other guy to shoot him anyways . 
  holding up 2 people on your own is just stupid since you are vulnerable once you put your gun away . 
  a pistol can still kill him before he can get his gun back out . 
  holding 2 people up while you are alone is risky however you do it . 
  you could just reupload the bg to imgur . 
  this bot is so awesome , i hope it does n't get banned from every sub like all the other bots after a while . 
  all entities . 
  and gold is still almost worthless . 
  e : downvote all you want , it 's true . 
  you need a few ingots for a clock if you need one and maybe powered rails if you have a minecart network . 
  lapis and gold can * both * be used for beacon pyramids . 
  yea lapis has less purpose , but not by much . 
  lapis blocks look nicer than gold blocks though , and lapis is less common . 
  join us !, 
  awesome . 
  heh , you show them . 
  true , but so is gold . 
  unless you 're building a lot with minecart booster tracks . 
  most of the german words were no curse words either ... they all just meant `` shit '' . 
  as in the stuff that comes out your butt . 
  right , that was emeralds , have n't played in a while . 
  beacons are only for endgame anyways and still suck , so that does n't change much . 
  thanks mate .
