  in london for example the water is generally clean and safe to drink , but some of the older houses have very old pipes which can lower the water quality . 
  while that might not bother somebody who lived with it , i 've grown up and lived in austria , we have some of the best tap water in the world due to our mountainous terrain . 
  due to that my body reacts worse to not so clean but still safe water and it also tastes horribly , which is why i usually resort to bottled water outside of my home country . 
  the only problem i 've had during my minecraft mp time was that bukkit always took so long to update . 
  i hated not being able to use the command blocks in mp for so long . 
  give modding api !, 
  i remember when i was in australia even the locals would drink bottled water . 
  this was in brisbane a few years ago , so yea , pretty developed country . 
  hah , wow , i had a similar encounter where i killed a guy with just one bullet , but it was just an ordinary guy shooting at freshies with a mosin . 
  your luck that trees are bulletproof though :p, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  uhm , it was a while back and it was n't actually my server , i was just admin ... 
  although i had access to the server via ftp and such , but i ca n't remember if we ever went with the dev builds , i think the owner wanted to stick to the recommended ones so that all the plugins worked and such . 
  it was already enough work getting log block to run properly , 
  sorry , but i just do n't find that joke funny . 
  also not sure why it landed on my frontpage yesterday with like 2 upvotes . 
  since your asking for feedback : the cool thing about rainmeter is that it 's so customizable . 
  you can change pretty much anything about the looks of it . 
  if you put some time into it , you can make your skins look a lot better with that wallpaper . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual ) the manual for rainmeter `` coding '' . 
  a little bit of experience with actual coding helps here . 
  when i started using rainmeter i ended up spending a few hours just messing around with some skins i downloaded and changing them around completely  it 's fun and you can end up with a beautiful desktop . 
  at the moment your skins just look way too disconnected from the background and your missing a general theme , i guess . 
  but it 's a good start !, 
  friction does n't seem to exist ( yet ) . 
  they just fall downwards , if there 's just a bit of a slope they 'll start sliding away . 
   if ever there was a time to use them ... 
  i agree with you , but there 's times where it 's a lot more important than here . 
  the traffic went quite slow plus it was broad daylight . 
  not an excuse , but it 's not as dramatic here . 
  welp , that looked like at least a broken cheek bone . 
  i really do n't even know how that girl still managed to get her face smashed in after the truck swerved so far left already ... 
  that 's probably it . 
  still amazing how late she actually noticed the truck . 
  there 's less zombies now so we need more guns ? 
  or do you think it 's okay since we 'll get more zombies in the future ? 
  woooahhh . 
  this is why i 'm subscribed to this subreddit , great job dude . 
  i love themed skins/background combinations . 
  so many people are just clashing random skins onto nice looking backgrounds , but you actually made the skins work with the background and created something beautiful , 
  yea , all inertia they had is gone and they just fall straight towards the ground . 
  hmm , i went onto an experimental server for the first time since may or so and spawned near vybor where i last logged out , with no gear at all . 
  did n't even have any shoes on , but was still hydrated and healthy . 
  huh . 
  gj helping in ruining a sub and annoying it 's subscribers !, 
  huh ? 
  i do n't know guys , i can join servers really quickly . 
  i remember in the first few months of the mod you actually had to wait at least 2-3 minutes on each connect , but not in the standalone and also not in the mod anymore . 
  * of what the current experimental version of .47 consists of . 
  who knows ehat else they 're planning to add before stable . 
  the fault is onthe userbase ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's not how game development works , or there would n't be any successful multiplayer shooters out there . 
  as long as there 's more than a couple of people playing a game there 's gon na be somebody trying to exploit the game . 
  and the more players it has , the worse the problem gets because eventually actual coders are able to _ sell _ their scripts for real money to people , and they will keep searching for ways to exploit the gameno matter what . 
  it 's the devs jobs to fix those exploits , you ca n't blame the fucking playerbase because there 's a bunch of twats using exploits to cheat to feel superior or whatever . 
  recently i just stopped caring about my `` camouflage '' and started trying to just look good . 
  i feel like it also made me more open to meet players and have actual interactions , while also boosting the fun i 'm having . 
  just today i had like a 20 minute conversation with a random guy in gorka i just met , it was great , 
  there is n't more bouncing than in 3rd person except from head bobbing , which you can turn off in the options . 
  op has it still turned on . 
  yea , and if you turn head bob off there 's no bouncing in 1st person either !, 
  i ca n't check for you right now sadly because i 'm on mobile , but yea , there should be a slider that you can drag all the way left . 
  it always worked for me . 
  to actually answer your question : looking at other games that went throught the whole open beta process , we ca n't really tell how the ui will change over time . 
  dota2 for example had major changes compared to the ui over the course of the years , it looked a lot different back in alpha , but there 's still slight changes they make sometimes , even now that it 's out of beta . 
  on the other hand there 's minecraft , whose ui has n't really changed that much . 
  it 's probably not something i would expect in the alpha to be of great importance , except for the responsiveness . 
  the responsiveness is something that we already see being worked on , but mainly because of server and client performance updates . 
  how ? 
  inb4 negev buy, 
  vanilla in terms of no mods . 
  ressource packs do n't fall into that category . 
  they 're the `` new '' texture packs . 
  i do n't think they ( p1 and th other 9mm pistol ) need a buff , they just need to spawn more than other pistols and should be easier to find , including their magazines . 
  when people ca n't find any other weapons they are gon na use them . 
  because that 's a to of additional work that he 'd rather spend on getting new buildings out like he said above . 
  when the sa came out those appartments spawned as much loot in each room as other buildings , which meant a lot of loot . 
  after a server restart you could get almost fully geared on civilian stuff by looting one of them . 
  that 's why they reduced their loot so much , balancing . 
  give it time . 
  riht now the focus is on the new cities in the ne . 
  i 'm sure you 'll spawn near cherno again in the future . 
  take namalsk as an example , that map did it really well i feel . 
  well the cooking pot is pretty much always on a stove already, 
  if anyones interested , here 's my simple ahk macro . 
  i use 1920x1080 , i doubt it would work at any other resolution . 
  send { w down }, 
  send { w up }, 
  send { w down }, 
  return, 
  send { escape }, 
  sleep 80, 
  sleep 10, 
  sleep 10, 
  send { escape }, 
  sleep 10, 
  send { escape }, 
  return, 
  send { escape },
