  or maybe they can optimize it so it does n't take 2 fucking gbs of vram . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  that 's why . 
  hold on , he 's got 3 l 's !, 
  another scammer !, 
  crazy russians ? 
  check, 
  car accident ? 
  check, 
  road rage ? 
  check, 
  guns ? 
  check, 
  can confirm the title, 
  eating while juggling you say ? 
  [ michael davis got you covered ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkrrfazdpw8#t=328 ), 
  actually we get quite a lot of pharmaceutical ads , but not for viagra and the likes . 
  mostly just stuff against colds and headaches . 
  you reall only see the occasional server hopper there legging it through the tents and then vanishing in the woods again . 
  you might want to try that first sentence again . 
  for pricing ? 
  i do n't know about your country but where i 'm from it 's all just 2.99 $ or 999.99 $ for everything , so always end up with a bill of something like 50.87 $ which is very annoying to say the least . 
  i 'd love easy numbers for pricing , if everything was just in steps of 10 cents you could or and we could stop using singe cents that 'd make shopping easier and i 'd have to carry less change around all the time . 
  yea i 've heard about that . 
  wish they just got rid of the 1 and 2 cent coins aswell , nobody likes them , nobody needs them . 
  i was wondering how to get youtube center now that it 's been blocked by google . 
  do you know a way around the block ? 
  thanks , i 've had the crx file already but did n't know how to install it , that worked just fine !, 
  oh man , that addon is really better than spoi options + it 's free . 
  thanks again . 
  that 's a short shovel , here , have a longer one, 
  i do n't know where you guys live , but i 'm from austria and we did the excact same fucking thing . 
  i kinda find that hillarious that other people from around the world do that . 
  haha i 'm really curious about how that game spread out so far , that 's a really interesting phenomenon . 
  oh man , to this day calling the ambulance in gta iv has been one of my funniest video game memories of all time . 
  yes , they killed me . 
  so quick . 
  and our castle , but mainly mozart . 
  yup , in my country that 's about half the population . 
  also the reason why we have such ineffective and weird anti-smoking laws , politicians do n't want to bash the smokers while still somehow pleasing the non-smokers . 
  ended up just fucking everyone over , so yea , good job on that . 
  austria in case anyone wondered . 
  i was n't trying to be clever , i was just curious what the site would say :(, 
  the retiredgif comments are often getting qujite a lot of downvotes bc people do n't know that that is the point . 
  since when is fat unhealthy ? 
  yea , so like everything else . 
  you might like progressive metal . 
  i 'm not a metalhead myself but i learnt quite a bit about the different genres and progressive metal is probably the one i enjoyed the most . 
  progressive metal is very fast and complex ( also usually quite long songs ) but without the screaming or growling from death and black metal . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alg1_bbbz6s ) an album of one of the few metal bands i know that i really like . 
  it 's a concept album , meaning that it 's basically a story being told throughout the songs . 
  this album is about a guy who gets into a car accident and falls into a coma . 
  his family visits him often but he does n't seem to get better . 
  in his coma , he lives in a dream world called mercy falls . 
  [ wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercy_falls ) if you want to read up the whole thing . 
  i suggest giving it a listen and if you like it , there 's bound to be a subreddit for the genre aswell , and maybe you can find some more in / r/listentothis or similar subs . 
  part of the concept album , do n't think their other albums have that stuff . 
  [ the great escape ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq2qa1ytqui ) for example . 
  also some other guy posted 3 more links you can check out in reply to my above comment , 
  that 's true , but not as many/all like in other metal subgenres . 
  it 's almost like we are multiple unique humans !, 
  weird . 
  nobody has said this because we live in 2014 and pretty much everybody has internet access nowadays . 
  you have a point , although i 'd personally still prefer the privacy over the `` realness '' . 
  by inspired you just mean you used a wallpaper from it ? 
  because the skins do n't fit to it at all . 
  try finding some skins that go well with the background  that 's why there 's so many . 
  ha , are you me when i 'm playing skyrim ? 
  i managed to climb out of the map in a few dungeons there even . 
  so much fun, 
  can confirm , i 've only noticed this once i had some hair going down there . 
  as an austrian , i could hear it from the siren . 
  they have a very distinct sound compared to ambulances and police sirens here . 
  feet up . 
  a good counter to the whole prostata vs breast cancer discussion is , that the former usually only gets problematic in very old people , while breast cancer hits women in their 40 's . 
  male prostate cancer patients often times die due to other causes since they are that old already while women are often still in the mid of their lives when they get breast cancer . 
  just an argument i 've read on reddit a bit ago , makes sense to me though . 
  same here , i never thought seeing them on reddit really  but this sub always surprises me . 
  excactly , it 's so annoying having to place a few blocks just to get the fricking wood facing the right way , especially if you want to place multiple on say , a flying platform . 
  in other situations you ca n't stand in a certain way to place them , so the other way would be more practical , but usually in 90 % of cases i find the position one more convenient . 
  * put on pants . 
  finally . 
  is it only in europe that you do n't go anywhere on a red light , not even right . . ? 
  i did n't miss that , i thought that was already known by everyone though . 
  was n't it in some patch notes previously or something ? 
  no , the point of the fuzzing was that you could n't actually figure it out quickly , at least not automatically ( when you are using bots to vote bomb something , you are not gon na use just 1 or 10 , and checking each manually if they 're shadowbanned or not would be too tedious ), 
  dev channel ? 
  i tried enabling developer mode if that 's what you mean , and it still did n't let me activate the non chrome store addons . 
  pretty ridiculous if you ask me . 
  wow , i 'll have to try that !, 
  thanks man , i 've nevee heard about that and i googled about the problem a bit already . 
  point being that it has to buffer even at a much lower res than the ad . 
  that 's not reddit 's fault , that comes from an extension _ you _ installed - res . 
  get youtube center if you are using firefox . 
  if you are using chrome , though luck because google recently kicked all the `` youtube '' extensions out of their app store . 
  you can still install the extensions manually , but every time you restart chrome it automatically disables it permanently without even asking so you 'd have to reinstall it every time . 
  edit : as many have pointed out , get the [ chrome dev channel ] ( http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel ) if you want to use extensions that are usually being blocked !, 
  works for youtube center aswell . 
  the startup options method for stable chrome did n't work , it only let me install the extensions from other sites ( instead of drag-dropping them into the extenstions page ) but i just downloaded the dev version and it seems like it does n't disable it anymore  thanks , that 's awesome . 
  chrome runs so much better than firefox on my pc for some reason , i 'll gladly come back if i can use my extensions .
