  the meds might make you loose all hunger , maybe it is different for other people . 
  and it 's not sad if he 's actually had an illness ? 
  to say most people use mics in matchmaking is an exaggeration , but it 's a lot better than in other games . 
  yup , i 'm sure it used to work . 
  it was around 25 % faster . 
  probably death & black metal, 
  sorry , but why is so bad that you ` only ' get 180-240 fps ? 
  that 's more than enough , is n't it ? 
  i have an 120hz screen aswell , but my pc ca n't get more than 130fps , so i do n't know if i would see a difference . 
  i used to get more fps aswell before the update that messed up everyones framerates, 
  well , yea , that 's what i thought , why would it feel different to have 500 fps ? 
  i did n't know days in norway were 38 hours long, 
  i like orange , but even i think it 's a bit too bright . 
  dark-orange would look beast though . 
  we all make mistakes sometimes  no worries . 
  head over to / r/rainmeter if you want to check out some `` cleaner '' looking desktops , or some that are heavily modified , 
  niiice , that desktop looks smooth man . 
  that 's the * steam market , not his inventory . 
  yea , some stuff already got sold for 100 $ + , those are showing up in the trade history for some weapons already . 
  the music . _ . ', 
  my bad . 
  you 're an avid trader by the looks of it . 
  do/did you make any money out of it or are you just going for certain skins . 
  damn . 
  that 's quite a lot, 
  how 's it really different though now with the snapshots ? 
  we 're working together here on reddit , now . 
  i 'd love 350 bucks to spend on steam !, 
  it 's a new thing to get used to for sure . 
  it 's really awesome from valve to do this , any other major publisher i can think of would let everyone pay up . 
  try arms race ... 3 maps, 
  i guess and hope they treat is as a test to see which maps are gon na be played a lot and which are n't . 
  then in january , they might add the successful maps to the normal mapqueue, 
  accordions are difficult to play . 
  source : played it for 10 + years and still suck, 
  thanks !, 
  appreciated . 
  in other words ... just another case opening video ... 
  it 's wunderbar in german . 
  basically , instead of coming up with a proper reason why he wore a mask in the story , they just made it even more ridiculous with the straw . 
  my dog never got that though . 
  he 's also always staring at my finger , i have to actually tap on the object i want to show him . 
  it is still polluting while warming up though . 
  i do n't know about your country , but in mine it is actually forbidden to leave your motor running just to warm up your car . 
  yea i 've seen this a few times already . 
  there 's always somebody voting for the first and someone else for the second , 
  66 % like it is not neccesarily correct . 
  say 3 actual people voted , 2 upvotes , 1 downvote , 66 % like it . 
  now reddit adds 1 upvote and downvote . 
  3 up , 2 down : 3/5 like it , 60 % . 
  it approaches 50 % the more votes are added by reddit . 
  math 'd !, 
  so basically pay.reddit.com runs over https , but they do n't want everyone to use it because of money , so this serves as a way to disable the https everywhere plugin ? 
  did you read the facebook messages op posted ? 
  he was joking ... 
  e : okay maybe not ? 
  with barbed wire ?? 
  never seen that ever before in any school . 
  i live in europe , if that changes things . 
  again , i have never ever seen a school with barbed wire around it . 
  fences , yes , but not barbed wire . 
  well , austria is nice , i guess . 
  comments are not upvote buttons . 
  what did the comment say ? 
  that 's the only real way to make it work on _ any _ wallpaper , else the skins might get unreadable . 
  this excact thread was posted a few months ago , there were a bunch of other pictures posted there in the comments aswell . 
  needs more cactus, 
  uhm , in the last 2 seconds or so of the gif you can clearly see her non-existent arm though, 
  e : am i wrong ? 
  she is walking with both arms to the side , so , yea , you can clearly see that she has only one . 
  are you guys blind or what . 
  i can still spit on you !, 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  you can clearly see that she has only 1 arm . 
  you make no sense . 
  troll account ? 
  ftfy ( you need a triple back-slash ), 
  try to put outlines on the text . 
  just have to change a few lines . 
  i hate that too with minecarts at the moment ... 
  sensationalist title is sensationalist . 
  ... of course there 's already upvote gifs from that . 
  stairs that could give away under every step when there 's too many people on them, 
  it was on the front page 1 or 2 days ago . 
  something about a wedding and the spouses brothers making a cool song + video about him . 
  there 's loudness that is still acceptable and then there 's loudness that hurts your ears . 
  op is talking about the latter . 
  hahaha , 
  you all have a point !, 
  * headdesk *, 
  i do n't find it really hard to be inconsistent , tbh . 
  he has n't even tried the new movement , yet he is already saying he does n't like it . 
  comeon , it 's really minor . 
  what 's that font ? 
  i need it : o, 
  the movement needs improvement though , most people will agree on this . 
  is it better to make it in small steps so that people can easily adjust or just in one big step that might not even make it better and that throws everyone off completely ? 
  it is minor , and it 's a step in the right direction . 
  thanks !, 
  will steal for my clock ,
