  smallest -  biggest makes more sense in my head , maybe bc i 'm used to it , but mainly because in every day life the year is the least important part , you only need it if something is not in the current year . 
  it 's funny , because in german , we say numbers really weirdly . 
  singles come before tens , so for example `` 423 '' in german is `` vierhundertdreiundzwanzig '' , literally translated : four hundred three and twenty . 
  i 'm not sure why , but `` zwanzigdrei '' would be completely wrong in german . 
  i like to compare that to the ` messed up ' way dates are written in some countries ( mm/dd/yyyy ) . 
  nailed it . 
  yea , i 've heard about the french counting . 
  so weird, 
  have you tried saying `` fischer fritz fischt frische fische , frische fische fischt fischer fritz . '', 
  probably the best known german tongue twist . 
  what about counterstrike go ? 
  shit , people have bought weapon skins on the market for a hundred bucks + . 
  it 's not that big of a difference as it seemed actually . 
  i have to play it some more to be sure , but the glock seems quite right now . 
  if valve could nerf the p90 now aswell ... getting headshotted in 2-3 shots from 100 meters by a running guy repeatedly is no fun . 
  at ridiculous ranges . 
  just go full auto run left and right until enemy dead . 
  repeat . 
  i get that with my 25 ping too . 
  often . 
  just downloaded the skin and checked the file , it 's the cpu usage . 
  100 % means 0 % cpu usage though . 
  0 % is 100 % usage . 
  yup . 
  i was n't even expecting them to die from a big drop or something , but just by the force ( forgot it 's name ) the fast rotation puts on them . 
  must be 10g + , not sure how much a human can survive . 
  haha , it 's almost funny how motivational your little speech is . 
  nice . 
  rule 5 . 
   v. do not rehost webcomics . 
  you may provide an imgur mirror in the comments . 
  well , not sure how it goes in other countries , especially america , but as an austrian , the only people i 'd meet in church are double my age at least . 
  sure , there 's exceptions , but most of them are quite socially awkward from my experiences . 
  we 've been queuing for 15 minutes now aswell in a 5 man premade . . usually takes 10 seconds to find a game . 
  everything is relative . 
  i 'd grade him extra low for bad grammar . 
  as is required by rule one ... 
  trust me , there 's papers out there that are n't even worth being used as toilet paper . 
  unless you like finding grammar/spelling mistakes . 
  not sure about the usa today since i 'm from the other side of the world . 
  counterterrorists *, 
  true , 
  yes . 
  korean *, 
  going for an awp with 5 cases ... yea , good luck with that . 
  huh , i completely did n't get it for a moment , because that 's the excact german name for australia , 
  well ... guinness world records 2014 ... 
  but all the new records are from 2012 and 2013 . 
  still does n't make sense to me . 
  what a descriptive title . 
  yea i 'm just gon na copyright all browsergames, 
  yes , yes , and no . 
  / r/games, 
  that 's no joke *, 
  they are getting uploaded to their servers aswell , but i think the third world servers download speed is a bit lower though . 
  it 's a space station *, 
  title ` spoiled ' it . 
  try to think of a better one next time , do n't just write out the pun . 
  your source needs a source . 
  just saying . 
  getting a bullet through your body does n't necessarily mean that you die instantly ( like in movies ) . 
  i assume getting a bullet through my body and then slowly ( assuming no important organs got hit ) bleeding to death is quite painful . 
  even if you get shot in the head it does n't mean you will die instantly . 
  you can even survive if you 're lucky . 
  ( iremember reading a story in an old guinness world records book about some 80 or so years old guy who carried a bullet in his brain for 50 years or so until a doctor noticed it on an xray scan ), 
  i just tried recreating this with my iphone 4s but could n't get it to work : / it just looked like normal on the phone . 
  the ones i found just from this sub . 
  i 'd be worried if my legs were so weak that they ca n't even support my weight ( and it does n't look like she 's heavy at all ) after jumping onto a _ trampoline _ from maybe 2 meters . 
  hahaha the goat used to the other goats to climb over the fence . . 
  genius . 
  some woman getting her head blown up by a basketball is perfectly safe for kids and at work . 
  cmon guys , why are you downvoting him , a nsfw tag is really appropriate here . 
  rule iv . 
  yes i have , and i 'm probably double her weight . 
  on good tramplines you can jump 2 meters high and more . 
  it 's also easier to jump onto a trampline than onto the ground from that height . 
  she probably underestimated the force of the landing though . 
  still , the way she just collapses looks weird to me . 
  they really made an effort to balance the silenced weapons properly . 
  they are almost completely silent and more accurate than the unsilenced weapons , but have less ammo per clip and overall . 
  many people still prefer the unsilenced ones , others the silenced ones , unlike source where _ most _ players played with the silencer on . 
  it 's not even september yet and people talk about christmas already ... comeon , it 's still summer !, 
  ^  .  i 'm just repeating what i 've heard on this sub . 
  128 tick causing some problems and 102 tick being the better and cheaper option . 
  you get used to them pretty quickly , and they do n't take much longer than binds after that . 
  although i misclick from time to time which is annoying . 
  have a five year coin that `` updates '' every year until year 9 , then have a different coin for 10 + years . 
  why not :, 
   - chicken changes based on pro feedback :, 
  - removed chickens from competitive mode . 
  yup . 
  had it a few times already , then the confusing 10 seconds of `` is the bomb a or b ?? '', 
  on nuke . 
  hated it . 
  rings in supermarkets ? 
  where can you buy jewellery in supermarkets ? 
  i love how much reddit conversations can de-rail sometimes ... keep being creative , guys !, 
   * the value wo n't be 0.04 eur anymore , as they now have a use . 
  this will also make the prices go up , which is good for both valve and the seller . 
  yea and the value of all other items will go down because there 's suddenly more of them out of nowhere .
