  although i 'm not from america so the law might be completely different in that regard over there . 
  `` quality of this sub is declining '' , you know , that exact post pops up so often . 
  i 've seen this excact type of post before the standalone was even released , and many times after . 
  the quality has n't declined , it 's always been what it is . 
  would n't be a replacement of half slabs though , since a wallpaper would n't take half a block of space . 
  it 's often about that aswell as the texture . 
  pretty cool that he actually keeps standing on does n't just ragdoll to the floor like in gta4 . 
  first vid i found on youtube , shows it pretty well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggrbbh2cmfq, 
  basically : very high rate of fire , almost no recoil and pretty high damage . 
  it was a monster . 
  went to ireland for ~ 10 days with school a couple years ago , and we had the best weather . 
  it was actually sunny 10 days in a row , i could n't believe it . 
  no , it was 2011 i believe , around may maybe . 
  apart from just randomly standing in the middle lane ? 
  not sure if there was a red light ahead but even then why did he park 15 meters in front of it ? 
  it looks okay , but you could do much better with that wallpaper . 
  almost all your skins cut across at least 2 colors , which makes them look out of place . 
  if you fit the launchers into the green area , the equalizer into the blue and the launchers into the green it would probably look much cleaner and better . 
  probably my main gripe on this sub , people do n't seem to even try to adapt their skins to their wallpaper . 
  the now playing plugin is pretty slick though . 
  this suggestion is as old as the bookshelves themselves . 
  i honestly do n't think this 'll ever get implemented . 
  always . 
  it 's always the same fucking comment on every liveleak video . 
  that 's true fair point . 
  chrome blocks the download ... had to fire up ie to download it :p, 
  ah , good to know thanks . 
  it 's still at 5 days . . 
  i was considering the same . . 
  i 'm in university goddamnit , 
  no he did n't . 
  wallpaper link ? 
  not a fan of the colorful launchers but the rest is a + . 
  good job . 
  also , rule 1 -- , 
  thank you !, 
  thanks , 
  not really . 
  you 'll just see some shiny metal through the rust . 
  there 's screenshots of the different versions on the workshop page !, 
  holy shit , that really is a long ass pile-up . 
  so much damage . 
  i ca n't even imagine how long it would take to clear that road . . 
  checked out the demo by myself , will try later with friends , but the main gripe i had in my short session were the jumping controls . 
  mainly the fact that if you let go of left/right in the air , your character would still keep going that way without slowing down , which i found it quite irritating and i 'd miss platforms a lot . 
  i might just be used to other platformers right now though . 
  after playing a bit more i definitely improved and it feels better now , not perfect but better than my first impression led me to believe . 
  i can imagine it must be a difficult thing to get right , and you probably ca n't make everybody happy either :p, 
  i love skins that fit well with the background , you really nailed it  awesome !, 
  1 second ? 
  more like a couple milliseconds , if even that . 
  i 've heard the same from a judge from my country , which is austria . . overtaking is completely legal , and you still retain right of way while overtaking , so you have to account for overtakers in right turns . 
  oh boy i have n't seen a link to that sub in years . 
  it 's oachkatzlschwoaf !, 
  two . 
  there 's 2 hyperstones in the new item . 
  from my short testing your algorithm seems pretty smart , i 'm impressed !, 
  keep up the good work man . 
  that 's interesting , thanks for your reply . 
  you just have to stop believing every game is made for everyone . 
  while i agree with / u/cadoc 's points , and i think the game is not beginner friendly , i also think that the game is great for what it is , and if it 's not for you , fine . 
  i like watching videos about games before buying/playing them myself , i knew how to get into orbit before i even opened the game once , and i enjoyed every minute of it . 
  now i have ~ 100 hours in the game , and i 'm still enjoying myself . 
  i ca n't even see how you think the flight controls are garbage , or what you mean by complicated systems . 
  it 's not all that difficult if you watch 1 video by scott manley for example . 
  if the game 's not for you , you probably should n't have bought it , and you should 've probably done more research beforehand ( hell , at least tried the free demo , i mean , what game has a demo nowadays ? ) . 
  there 's more to it than a `` circlejerk '' , but that does n't mean `` everyone and their mom '' will enjoy the game . 
  and you did n't see that the game probably was n't for you ? 
  or did it appeal to you initially ? 
  there 's a 2d game that 's similar , but of course far less advanced . 
  i ca n't remember the name and i found it quite boring tbh . 
  where do i say he 's wrong ? 
  i just told him my perspective on the game . 
  you are just interpreting my comment wrong if you think i 'm attacking him . 
  found it , it 's simplerockets . 
  on the ios store though , not sure about android . 
  yes that 's it . 
  if that was true , there would n't be a single game with a score of 80 + . 
  if it 's a certain genre , there 's always gon na be people who wo n't enjoy the game simply because it is what it is , a shooter for example . 
  that does n't mean half life should n't have gotten a 97 or so , does it ? 
  ksp is a bit of a niche game , and even though that niche turned out bigger than most people expected , it still wo n't appeal to everybody . 
  it 's the kind of game my less gamey friends will look at and say , `` that looks boring as hell '' . 
  i just do n't agree along many others . 
  ey , you take that back  :(, 
  even then , it 's just a recommendation . 
  you ca n't just mention them and not link !, 
  uhh it helps somebody like me who sucks with celebrities names and faces . 
  i think apart from the robin williams one i would n't have guessed any on my own , that 's due to my inability though . 
  reddit does n't like the `` xd '' smiley . 
  not sure why . 
  protip : do n't actually do this . 
  you should have a look at discos sonic map ... 
  it 's already possible to build jump pads . 
  my chemistry teacher did n't even study chemistry . . his experiments also failed half of the time , and he had to consult our music teacher sometimes before the final exams with more difficult questions since that guy actually went to a couple chemistry classes once . 
  he only studied biology , but apparently back then you 'd also get a chemistry teaching permission with that . 
  not anymore though thank god , he was pretty aweful . 
  not range . . he 's talking about the aoe . 
  it looks like it went past you , but then it still somehow gets you . 
  such a shitpost . 
  of course after 10 + years of counterstrike it will take 3 console commands to fix all problems .
