   i do n't care how politically incorrect `` this '' sounds : if you do `` this '' , you should die . 
  yes , the title confused me . 
  yea , good luck when one of those is sneaking up from behind you like one of the last ones in the video . 
  it never `` died '' , it just has so few users and it takes relatively much effort to make a good post here compared to other subs that content only comes from time to time . 
  been to the middle of australia , in total darkness . 
  it was n't quite as bright , but still mighty bright . 
  such recent, 
  i 'd really like some overhaul to the footstep sound system . 
  ways to actually sneak around without making any sound ( or maybe just very quiet sound ) . 
  that 's amazing :d, 
  i 've never thought about this before , but stuff like this just wo n't happen with 3rd person mode . 
  you can see people sneaking up on you even if they 're behind you the whole time . 
  i still have a tiny bit of hope that they make dayz 1st person only, 
  imagine sitting around a campfire at night in the middle of a foggy forest , smoking a pack of cigs with your mates , a pack you have just found a few minutes before in a dangerous loot-run through a zombie infested city . 
  you are still shaking from the excitement , and the cigs calm your shaking muscles . 
  i 'm not even a smoker but i simply love the image in my head . 
  would make a great screenshot . 
  the very faint glow of a cigarette at night ... 
  i know , i also know the reasoning . 
  i do n't fully understand it though . 
  making it third person does n't mean you fov increases . 
  the fov is still < 90 \u00b0 in third person mode . 
  yes , you can see a little bit more around you character , but the farther away from you character you look , the less you can see straight to the left and right . 
  180 \u00b0 in first person mode would look horrrrible on normal computer screens ( edit : found a video : [ bf3 180 \u00b0 fov ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icalcusf_pg ) ) . 
  but on the other hand , the low fov of arma ii also looks very bad on most screens . 
  if they added an fov slider for the sa and lock it to 1st person only , i ca n't really see any issues with that . 
  3rd person just causes way more `` unnatural '' things ( looking around/over walls , seeing who 's behind you ) than it 's worth it . 
  i believe most dayz players hate the first person mode out of 3 reasons :, 
  they 're simply not used to it . 
  after playing on a first person only server for a while , it is really not such a big deal . 
  the low fov in arma ii . 
  they have n't deactivated the `` view bobbing '' in the options , which can cause nausea in some people . 
  oh yes , that 's why you only stay until you finished smoking before venturing out again , always looking for food , medicine and ammo . 
  and bandits , of course . 
  yes , i heard that reasoning before . 
  it gives you a `` fake '' feeling of relaxation , because basically all smoking does is filling that desire of nicotine your brain has once you got hooked to it . 
  i 'm sure this would not be the overall popular choice , but i actually believe they should n't even give people/server-owners the choice between the two . 
  third person does n't fit in a survival game like this , and it ruins immersion , not even mentioning the ways it can be `` abused '' . 
  if not , then there should be at least * some * thing to punish 3rd person users . 
  i have absolutely no clue as to what that something could be , but there should be more of an incentive to using first person , even in third person servers . 
  no doubt about that . 
  i would love more melee weapons anyways . 
  also , has anyone mentioned poision yet ? 
  i 'd love being able to craft poision ( hard to craft , obviously ; maybe rare plants ? ), 
  and then smear it on arrows or knifes . 
  first person servers have always been rare . 
  why ? 
  because third person was the standard . 
  nobody liked/likes first person because they are used to third person , and some because of the low fov in arma . 
  edit : stop downvoting , guys , i want to promote discussion , not destroy it . 
  you do n't need a parachute on a flare , hahaha . 
  they fall to the ground very slowly anyways . 
  they also are n't that bright in real life , though . 
  play it . 
  namalsk is the one map i 've had at least my 10 most exciting encounters in dayz to date . 
  a lot of pvp , not much food , small map , only one hospital area , right next to one of the only 2 supermarkets on the map , the other one being in the the only real city of the map ( the other cities are small and have little to no loot ), 
  i 've spent most of my time around the middle of the map though . 
  me and a few buddies used to completely lock down one of the only 2 passages from the north of the island down to the south by camping in the factory building at the lake . 
  by the end of it , we could survive in there for hours while killing tons of people trying to sneak up on us . 
  the bulletproof windows helped us spotting them while remaining in cover , the few entrances the building had made it easy to lock up . 
  we once got our hands on one of the few rail guns . 
  one player pretty much brought it to us when he and his friend tried to kill us from the south . 
  ai n't happening , bro . 
  the gun is op , but we still managed to take him out first . 
  trust me , that thing is * really * op . 
  it has no bullet drop , no travel time , and kills in one hit . 
  i could literally take out players across the lake that were around 900 meters away , * no problem * . 
  my humanity sunk to -170 k that day on that server . 
  it 's been almost a year , and i can still recount many stories from playing with my buddies back then . 
  i for one am for a ** total ban ** . 
  at least during the alpher-phase , think of it as an experiment . 
  you all know the reasons :, 
  third person is highly abusable . 
  it gives you the ability to see around walls , over walls , and down from buildings without ever exposing yourself . 
  you can track players almost as if you had a wallhack . 
  same when you hide in tall grass or bushes , your body is hidden , but you can still look around you just fine . 
  these things are just * horrible * for gameplay . 
  third person mode promotes camping on rooftops or in cover , and makes it impossible for you to see threats before they can see you . 
  ** why a * total * ban ? 
  i believe most dayz players hate the first person mode out of 4 reasons :, 
  they have n't deactivated the `` view bobbing '' in the options , which can cause nausea in some people . 
  the low fov in arma ii , which is limiting your awareness while , again , causing nausea and headaches in some people . 
  they like exploiting the third person mode . 
  they 're simply not used to it . 
  after playing on a first person only server for a while , it is really not such a big deal . 
  while 1 and 2 should ( hopefully ) be fixed in the sa , reason number four can be `` fixed '' by forcing people to use first person for a while . 
  i used to hate it aswell , until i tried a first-person server and played there a little bit . 
  even though i found myself tapping on the enter ( change view ) button here and there , i got used to it playing in first person very quickly , and now i prefer first-person servers . 
  many other players had the same experience . 
  fps games are very popular anyways , why should it be different with dayz apart from not being able to abuse the 1st person mode like you could abuse the 3rd person mode ? 
  another argument i would like to voice is that rocket has never shown any fear of pissing of his own playerbase . 
  i still remember himself calling dayz an `` anti-game '' that can be very frustrating . 
  why would he be so lenient on third person mode then ? 
  just because it 's the popular opinion , or are there other reasons i am missing ? 
  looking forward to your replies . 
  thanks for reading . 
  edit : formatting / grammar, 
  heh , 40 % your character starts out as a smoker , else you need to get used to it first before you can get any buffs  . 
  on the other hand , once you are addicted , you get debuffs if you do n't smoke for too long !, 
  yea , do n't get me wrong .
