  yea , people calling me out as hacker and telling me they reported me . 
  sometimes whole clans do that . 
  yea , see , we have no clue how the system works , if random people get completely random demos then a nova might end up with some high level gameplay where he has no real chance to differentiate good players from ( subtle ) hackers . 
  and even if that 's not the case and you only review your rank and lower , i still think higher ranked players opinion can be trusted more than a lower ranked one ( in general ) . 
  weird what stuff you can do with hacks ... and also i find it quite ironic how they already program the hacks to be more efficient vs other hackers . 
  600 hours and around 250 wins . 
  got quite a few recommandations aswell , but as i said in some other posts , i get reported regularly because people mistake good play with hacking sometimes . 
  i 've never actually touched a hack before . 
  but i guess unil valve has reviewed my reports they are gon na stay in some secret database or whatever ... 
  i do n't think people would complain if twitch decided to screw over some hackers . 
  i would n't . 
  why nade car in a long on d2 if you have n't seen anyone there ? 
  oh yea , wallhacks . 
  just an example, 
  as peolorat said already , usually you can tell if somebody got a vague direction by a teammate or if he actually hallhacks . 
  plus , it is very rare to have callers in match making unless you are on ts3/mumble/etc . 
  with them . 
  i agree to vitality 's reasoning though , some people hear for example russian or brazils ( no offense ) and immediately think they are fishy . 
  could impact votes quite a lot . 
  official reason is that they do n't want anyone judging the suspect based on his ethnicy . 
  that 's why they are suggesting things . 
  also , the high level bots are so random . 
  sometimes they still act very dumb , sometimes they insta headshot you when you come around a corner . 
  they just ca n't replace a human , and valve did n't want to add such randomness to mm . 
  do n't spam it , tell him once to stay once the round starts ( * after * freeze-time ! ) . 
  wait for his reply , it will either be `` no '' or positive . 
  if he says no , tell him to `` fall back '' ( different radio command ) . 
  he will usually listen to that one . 
  sometimes he also listens to a teammate even if he did n't listen to you , it 's really weird and random . 
  add the name of the map in the title next time . 
  please do n't put the title in all-caps . 
  basic internet rule . 
  caps = shouting . 
  on-topic : i agree , the commend feature is very underused . 
  i do n't commend very many players aswell , but only because the option is so hidden and i never actually think about it when i 'm playing . 
  no , you ca n't on reddit . 
  it would be abused too much . 
  just remember it for your next post  it 's not a big deal anyways . 
  jeez , that 's an elaborate bot , and a cool one !, 
  why would so many people downvote this bot ? 
  i find him very useful . 
  minism . 
  minimism . 
  uhmm ... 
  it works from the second you can move . 
  not once he is out of spawn . 
  yea you are probably right . 
  i 'm quite sure valve has actually checked all or most of the demos they are using for the beta already . 
  maybe they put in some tricky ones like this one . 
  that really just fixes a very small part of the problem . 
  i still run into situations where i just * can not * see the enemy if he 's too far away or in certain spots of the maps . 
  huh ? 
  this post was not about griefers at all , i think you misread . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/overwatch/ ) the faq . 
  you got it wrong though . 
  255 is opaque , 0 is completely transparent !, 
  yea , it was , but i 'm sure you guys are n't the only ones doing this against obvious hackers . 
  did 3-4 of you kill yourself before the round started , then one of you took control of the bot you had and killed himself with the bot aswell ? 
  that 's how the rounds looked like . 
  haha , nice . 
  the subject did n't know what to do , he just jumped around spawn and watched you killing yourself through the wall haha . 
  for the face camo you have to edit some setting in some config , google it if you 're really interested . 
  i remember seeing a video like that with a tennis player hitting a bird . 
  pretty unexpected aswell . 
  * cough * no space * cough * \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  but yea , that 's the one , 
  i 'm actually against putting harder bots in matchmaking . 
  the reason is that bots ( at their current state ) with level 4-5 are very unpredictable from how they actually perform . 
  sometimes they just insta-headshot you over great distances . 
  they actually have a 0ms reaction time , you ca n't peek them , they just shoot the second you come into their vision . 
  if you damage them in some other way than straight shooting them ( through a wall or with a grenade ) they suddenly get confused and stare in the air around them so they are very easy to pick off . 
  i feel like this ... randomness is n't very good for mm . 
   this would also eliminate the possibility of something thinking they could kick a weak player . 
  if they did so , they would get a bot with a weak ai skill-set . 
  actually it would raise the possibilty , since we 're adding thougher bots for higher ranks . 
  right now , everyone gets replaced by a level 1 bot afaik . 
  it does not count as a match abandon though . 
  if you abandon a match you get a 30 minute ban ( everytime ) . 
  if you abandon more than one game shortly , you get a longer ban . 
  on the other hand , you do n't get a ban if you get kicked just once or twice . 
  you need a few kicks , but then you get a 7-days one . 
  yea , i always just leave it at 128 too , never had any issues . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  personally i rarely get kicked from games . 
  then again , i rarely play solo in mm . 
  but even if i do , i only get kicked if i go afk . 
  also , we ( my team ) never kick the 5th guy ( if we are only 4 ) as long as he is not griefing . 
  even if he spams voicechat or does n't speak english , we just mute him and go on with the match . 
  what would you change anyways ? 
  some people are requesting that you should be able to kick somebody with 3 accepts instead of 4 ( so griefers/hackers ca n't just play with a single friend and never get kicked ) , you want the opposite ? 
  good to see you returned from the dark side !, 
  that 's more reasonable , but what if you are in a 4 man premade and get a griefer as your 5th who flashes and blocks you ? 
  you ca n't kick him . 
  austrian here , can confirm . 
  we have those too , although they do n't always look like this . 
  yup . 
  seen this at least 3 times already . 
  but i guess there 's still people who have n't . 
  you ca n't always see every gif on reddit  but looks like the mods are removing it soon . 
  the last clip was so awesome , it actually got shown in our national news in austria , haha ,
