  https://youtu.be/-rfeygtlhzu in case you are curious now haha, 
  not when there 's more young celebs becoming really popular and overtaking older ones . 
  which just is n't happening as much apparently . 
  that 's why the author came to the conclusion he came to , 
  you are only `` pretty sure '' ? 
  would you really ever just randomly think `` hmm , i really need to see that message again that tells me whether i get points or not after resetting . 
  i should turn that back on . '', 
  probably not . 
  just show it once and never again . 
  live kommentare generell . 
  +1 to the platonic friendship off grindr !, 
  one of my best friends , 
  spotify 's radio feature can ( or at least used to ) bring up duplicates even if you dislike them , which is really infuriating . 
  probably `` if you 're drinking and get rear ended '', 
  relevant username, 
  good ? 
  `` hey '' is the most boring first message i can think of . 
  i get it a lot at least . 
  dude . 
  i 'm bi and 99 % of grindr openers are literally just `` hey '' or `` hi '' . 
  by actual gay people . 
  same here . 
  you ca n't look at gfys from comments without opening them externally now . . 
  have a look on grindr or at gays on tinder . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  for solos ? 
   from \\ _ \\ _ future \\ _ \\ _, 
  i 'm not sure what you want to get out of this post . 
  this is n't a dating platform and you should n't use it like one . 
  and `` 9/11 was an ( ime ) inside job '', 
  i actually laughed at that one , should 've seen it coming . 
  he 's just adding to the reasoning . 
  why not ? 
  that 's not true . 
  he jumped off the ceiling , giving him only 1.5 s. 
  but that was way less than that anyways . 
  the latter . 
  in austria we say gurkerl , which means `` small cucumber '', 
  do n't ask, 
  in a paper mario game they have a question like that ( i 'm not sure what excactly it 's about ) . 
  if you choose no , they will ask you if you 're sure and then it 's just game over haha . 
  yes that 's it !, 
  i laughed out loud when i got to that haha . 
  that 's the definition of the word though . 
  to locate objects by the sound they are _ reflecting _ . 
  well . . yea . 
  it 's literally a measure of how long the sound takes to reach an object , bounce off and come back to you . 
  you can try grindr . 
  you need to get used to the app though , you are gon na receive some unsolicited pictures as well as people acting nice just to get into your pants right away . 
  if you do n't put a picture in , you 'll get less of that , but still some . 
  then you can start messaging other people , most of them wo n't want to talk to you unless you send them a face pic first though ( again , that is if you do n't have a profile pic , which i do n't recommend at the start ) . 
  a `` safer '' and less daunting option for a start would be tinder . 
  you can go intk the settings and tell it you are looking for guys and girls , and will be able to swipe both , which is nice . 
  people on tinder are usually less `` sexually aggressive '' , so to speak haha . 
  but i also find it harder to keep a conversation going there and actually meet up . 
  looking for somebody in person is hard , unless you live in a really big city with gay bars that young people actually go to . 
  in my small country the gay bars are usually just full of older guys , and they usually like to prey on younger ones . 
  was n't the best experience for me . 
  you 'll have them on grindr as well . 
  on that app you can filter older guys out so you do n't see them in the main screen , but they can still see and message you . 
  you have to put an age limit in your text bio and do n't be shy to just block people if they make you uncomfortable . 
  that 's bs in this scenario though . 
  it seems as if traffic was backed up in the right lane , and the guy , instead of blocking the intersection , stopped ( safely ) so that side traffic has a chance to go . 
  the driver turning was just dumb to pull into a lane they had no vision on . 
  as a bi guy , that is excactly my experience . 
  it 's astonishing how uninteresting girls are compared to guys on tinder . 
  interesting !, 
  maybe i 'm just more attractive to guys than girls for some reason , but guys just seem to make a lot more effort to talk to me . 
  i match with 99 % of guys i swipe right on , only maybe 5-10 % of girls . 
  out of those guys , there 's quite a few who message first , 0 of the girls . 
  and if i message first , most guys respond and only few girls . 
  and of those girls that do respond , it usually is a short answer , without showing any actual interest in me at all . 
  guys on the other hand will talk about my bio and ask questions . 
  i 'm not even generalizing , it has been very black and white in my experience . 
  what makes you think `` stupid '' has more than two syllables ? 
  why do americans like non-fat food so much ? 
  i 'm in america for the first time right now and i sometimes have trouble finding normal joghurt that has n't had all its fat stripped away . 
  just in reference to the cottage cheese, 
  that 's not how it works !!, 
  eating fat does n't just make you put on more body fat . 
  that is wo n't be enough , no . 
  can you elaborate on why bodyweight training is worse than weightlifting ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , as a beginner in both . 
  there 's a lot of very exhausting excercises you can do , and after two weeks i can already feel some progress just from bodyweight . 
  my workplace has a gym , but they only have dumbbells and machines for quads , benchlifting , chest and upper legs . 
  no barbells . 
  i feel like going down there and doing some bodyweight excercises for an hour a day takes a lot less mental overcoming than going to an actual gym and paying for it . 
  i feel like i can really keep at it now . 
  what was the name of that movie again ? 
  where a girl becomes a boy , keeps traveling through time and fucks her/himself , getting themself pregnant and then giving birth to themself ? 
  oh and also shooting an older version of themself later on of course . 
  it is . 
  and the movie takes itself so seriously , which makes it even more weird in my opinion haha . 
  works in the youtube app , not in all youtube players sadly ( not in my reddit app at least ), 
  replay . . 
  i 'll have to dig into the options i guess . 
  it does matter when you live in a less populated region or have a less than ideal time schedule . 
  then you might not be able to even find a server with more than 10 players . . 
  good for you . 
  why skimmed milk and not full ?
