  some other band i saw at the festival that is kinda similar are the subways , but i do n't like their singer quite as much . 
  and usually when i 'm not into the singer i ca n't really enjoy the music . 
  i 'm open to recommendations aswell though , maybe you know some bands i might like ? 
  wow , you are missing out man  i guess you can say that about everything , but as somebody who has rode his bike to kindergarten already , i ca n't imagine not knowing how to ride a bike . 
  have you always lived far away from school/work ? 
  or is there another reason you never learnt it ? 
  i 'm very glad to see you , 
  oh god yes i know what you mean . 
  i am excactly like you , i do n't even know why , it just annoys me having to do these short simple things . 
  it does n't really make much sense in my head seeing how much time i waste doing nothing each day . 
  well , today 's almost over here in europe , but tomorrow i 'm looking forward to going to my grandmothers house over the weekend cause i got no lectures on friday . 
  yay student life !, 
  any reason for having 3 cpu , ram , hdd and swap meters ? 
  hello ? 
  anyone ? 
  from austria , we do n't really celebrate halloween here . 
  also i 'm at my grandmothers place over the weekend , sadly it 's in the middle of nowhere and it 's pretty boring here . 
  so yea . 
  i used to play the accordion since ground school all the way through high school , have n't picked it up in more than a year now though , need to try it out when i get home next time again . 
  i have also been in the school choir for 7 years throughout highschool . 
  how about you ? 
  oh my , the alcohol . 
  i love it , and i hate it . 
  my best nights of my life were spent drunk . 
  then again , every time i drink too much i forgot hours of it . 
  i 've managed to forget about 6 hours of one night and i regret it everytime . 
  i wish i would n't forget . 
  i do n't like having to listen to the stories of a night that i 've actually lived through , but my mind decided to throw my memories out the window . 
  what have i forgotten ? 
  did i say something i did n't want to say ? 
  did i hurt someone ? 
  who knows . 
  easier said than done when you are out with some of my friends haha , 
  german native speaker here ... 
  sorry , but that 's not really a word . 
  it 's not just that nobody is ever gon na use it , nobody is gon na understand it either . 
  i had to read your translation aswell to know what that 's supposed to say . 
  it 's not really celebrated here in austria , sure , my friends are gon na go out and drink but i 'm at my grandmother 400km away from home cause she 's leaving to australia soon ( other half of family lives there ) . 
  we 'll go out next week i 'm sure, 
  you are not good either , sir  :(, 
  just kidding :p, 
  when i turned 19 i did n't get anything either , but i did n't _ want _ anything either . 
  my parents kept asking me if i wished for anything but i told them i was fine . 
  still felt a bit weird !, 
  hah , i , too , broke my leg falling off a tree when i was about 7 . 
  shin and fibula . 
  landed in a crotch with one foot which caused it to get bent around very violently . 
  also i had to walk home afterwards because my grandmother did n't believe it was that bad . 
  mother called an ambulance when she saw me lol . 
  whats bothering me is this : if i put on a rainjacket while itms raining i get cold because the rainjacket isnnt warm enough , even though everything is pristine . 
  if i put on my warmer downjacket i get wet and cold again . 
  ffs . 
  this is about fame , not who 's the greatest dev . 
  hey buddy ,, 
  man , that sounds rough . 
  i 'm glad my current university has n't caused me such problems so far , but seriously , i could write a book about my high school with stuff like this . 
  the headmaster and some of the teachers were such a joke , it was seriously ridiculous . 
  i hope you get through it all though and wish you best of luck in the future !, 
  oh man , this thread is so much better when you read the explanation before the name . 
  i actually burst out laughing when i read yours :'), 
  are you guys from america ? 
  it 's always interesting to hear drinking/alcohol stories from people over there , since it 's legal for 16 year olds to drink over here and it 's just so different , 
  i can relate . 
  sent , 
  yea ... 
  sadly , the fda permit us to put 0 grams there :( it 's so sad . 
  sorry we ca n't do anything about it . 
  and then the client and the server are n't synced perfectly ( 64tickrate + lag ) and you spray your whole fucking mag into that guy , the whole wall is bloody red and you die and just read `` 12 in 1 '' . 
  such racism, 
  literally hitler, 
  huh , this says it does n't work on mobile devices ... 
  i 'm not on mobile though ... 
  i do n't know , i could n't even finish fc3 . 
  i know i 'm probably in the minority , but i found the game pretty boring . 
  that 's your players eyes adjusting to the darkness . 
  you can see the stuff hit by the light better , but everything else worse . 
  this is not spam according to any of the sidebar rules ... 
  i 'm not sure if it means the same in video games , but in photography hdr means high dynamic range . 
  usually if you photograph something very bright , you can only either see the bright thing in detail or the dark stuff surrounding it . 
  hdr is a technique where you shoot 2 ( or more ) fotos of the same object , and one photos brightness should be adjusted to the bright and the other one to the dark part of the picture . 
  afterwards you combine the two to get the best of both worlds . 
  so , in other words , kinda the reverse of the effect we have here . 
  instead of seeing everything , we only see whatever we are adjusted to . 
  so i guess yea , the hdr is referring to the game deliberately adjusting the brightness of certain things depending on what your eyes ( middle of the screen ) is focused on . 
  sorry , but how the hell does this fit here ? 
  not really . 
  if i knew the chance was at 50 50 it 'd be easy . 
  but in reality , the chances are so obscure and dependent on literally everything . 
  there 's no `` chances '' at all here really . 
  that is true . 
  before not asking and then beating yourself up about it , you might aswell do it . 
  now i request follow up !, 
  same in germany , that 's why they only have front-facing speed cameras while in austria most are rear-facing . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i ca n't quite remember how far they got . 
  well i always just go soul ring for mana . 
  you regen on the nets anyways , and soulring + basi should be enough mana . 
  damn that looks awesome . 
  you should work on the readabilty though , white on light grey is not a good idea :p, 
  well . . you also have to get out and experience the cities and mountains from up close !,
