  but damn , some of the later clip looked quite rough . 
  huh , those pistol shots looked weird . 
  snap on the head , shot , back on the body , snap on the head , shot , back on the body . 
  way too much clutter . 
  black bars . 
  blurry bars . 
  just too much overall . 
  ugh , that crosshair . 
  but actually , this is a great guide for new players . 
   and not just for them , standing in weird angles can throw off even the best players , and if you actually aim for where their head would be , you might get yourself a fast and easy kill that way . 
  and i just love when i get those 1 shot headers , they are so rewarding . 
  but remember , the peaker has the advantage . 
  maybe do a guide on peaking for cts and ts ? 
  not the worst edit , but do n't put the music * that * loud everytime at the end , it just makes me want to close the video . 
  also , mix things up a bit , the editing seems to be pretty similar in every video . 
  i love the font for the weather skin . 
  could you read the subreddit rules , please ? 
  see also -  top comment of / r/desktops  ( not the same , but same idea ), 
  the problem i see is that the 5-7 in comparison is a lot more valueable . 
  in close combat you still get 1 shot headers , its a lot more sprayable and accurate and it has 20 shots . 
  and it 's cheaper . 
  so many advantages over the deagle . 
  then use the proper flair ? 
  i do n't get why people choose random ranks as their flairs . 
  if you do n't want everyone to know your rank , do n't use flairs . 
  while i do agree with your point , i still think the deagle at it 's current state is too weak too be worth 800 dollars . 
  sure you can get single shot kills over distance , but the chances are slim . 
  it does not need to be buffed very much anymore , i do n't want a deagle like in css . 
  but it needs to be worth the money you put into it . 
  at the moment , you are better off spending that money on other pistols . 
  with a slight buff we maybe would see it being used more again , not more than the other pistols , but it needs to have it 's place . 
   this is a group for all users , who were selected to join the cs : go overwatch initiative . 
  lets keep to community clean !, 
  thank you , valve !, 
  ... is that all ? 
  put on a daft punk desktopwallpaper, 
  2 . post to / r/desktops, 
  again , i do n't disagree , you make valid points . 
  also , i must admit that i can ' talk on behalf of 1.6 or css even , since i quite new to cs . 
  i can see the analogy with the awp even better now , not everyone is gon na buy an awp , so why would everyone buy a deagle . 
  it 's a little bit of an investment that can pay off . 
  but still , after considering all that , i still think it still needs some fixing . 
  i do n't want it op , i do n't want it to be the ultimate pistol so nobody buys other guns anymore . 
  but it 's still at a point where it is seldom used in pro games and my skill level alike . 
  and if i see somebody with one , he usually is quite ineffective and misses most shots before going down . 
  maybe that 's just me , but i think many people think the same . 
  i have seen them being used , yes , but not effectively . 
  if you have a good clip , i 'd love to see it . 
  personally , i ca n't really use the deagle like it is now , but yea , maybe i 'm just using it wrong . 
  why not for rainmeter v2 .5 or 3.0 ? 
  just kidding , looks awesome , i love the greyish black style . 
  the title just has 2 meanings :p, 
  yep , i 'm actually starting to do just that . 
  if you ca n't spectate the enemy , you sometimes ca n't be sure if somebody is hacking , so i just report people that seem fishy , even if they are not blatant , and especially when they have new steam accounts . 
  yup , i also have binds that let me skip the boring parts like running from spawn to the spots :, 
  * bind f9 `` demo_timescale 1 '' / / `` play button '', 
  * bind f10 `` demo_timescale 7 '' / / `` fast forward '', 
  * bind f12 `` demo_timescale 100 '' / / `` skip to end '', 
  what ? 
  no , it was a joke about the xbone and it 's kinect supposedly recording you all the time and uploading the footage to microsoft . 
  64 ticks means updates every 15ms , i do n't see how it would make a difference to 128 ticks in this situation . 
  it doens ` t. 
  this is fast forward . 
  and both posted at pretty much the excact same time even . 
  to give you some personal experience : i got the double ak rank pretty much by playing solo most of the time , then i started sticking with the same guys , which were all nova 1-4 ranks . 
  after about a month maybe , i ranked up once and 2 of them are now my rank aswell and another one double ak . 
  they definetely improved a lot more than me during this time . 
  no , that 's not the question at all . 
  he 's just giving constructive feedback . 
  so , what 's the point in asking that ? 
  solution : do n't play with randoms . 
  add nice people you find in mm , get a room in some ts/mumble/vent server and stick to the same bunch . 
  since i started doing that i have n't played a match with randoms again . 
  that bot . . is amazing . 
  i 'm pretty sure this has n't happened to me before 2 weeks ago . 
  i do n't leave and rejoin mm games very often , but the first time i noticed this was just about 2 weeks ago . 
  gon na try that the next time . 
  no idea why that should help , but would be awesome if it did !, 
  i never knew you could skip freezetime !, 
  thx for the info . 
  uhmm . . you do know that this is / r/globaloffensive ? 
  so 4 times the meaning of life ? 
  that just means you have bound your mouse wheel to jump . 
  alright . 
  windows updates are rare , and dropping out once a day only gives you a 30 minutes ban . 
  also , your passive-aggressive tone is annoying . 
  this sub is usually very helpful and friendly , but not if you 're being a douche . 
  2nd or 3rd post about this today . 
  try using search , `` ddos '' for example . 
  ... why did i just watch the whole thing . 
  yes . 
  yes , it 's so awesome to throw decoys around corners and then shoot everyone in the back that turned away , 
  it seems like you are also able to play the operation payback maps against bots now , ( without the workshop ) . 
  even if you do n't own op . 
  added !, 
  after an hour of throwing nades around maps ... 
  this feature is very , very awesome . 
  but i also just realized again how many invisible walls there are : /, 
  even in the new mirage there 's a few invisible walls that block potential smokes !, 
  i thought so aswell .
