  stops 99 % of those assholes . 
  everytime i buy headphones the cables are the first thing to break , and usually damn expensive to change/repair . 
  i 'm never gon na buy a pair that does n't have removable cables anymore , it 's just so much more convenient and cheaper in the long run . 
  that sounds like something i could try on my old sennheisers 360 . love the headset to bita but the microphone stopped working one day and i suspect it 's because of the cable . 
  i just do n't like messing around with the small metal wires , they 're a pain to connect to anything , and if you manage it the link will be very weak . 
  at least if you do n't have any training and probably do it wrong like me . 
  ehh no . 
  `` what 's the best reason you can give that i * should n't * date you ? '', 
  it 's 5000 hours per month . 
  still a big number but not quite as huge . 
  hahaha even the copyright notice is hilarious . 
  wow , if you watch the end of the video , they get ahold of that cab driver . 
  he actually says he `` just wanted to talk to the uber driver when he took off '' . 
  bitch , you almost smacked his side window in , tried to forcefully gain access to his vehicle and then fucking held on to his car as he tried to get away from you , you goddamn maniac . 
  you 're lucky he did n't swerve into you . 
  it 's like many cabbies are trying hard to make everybody hate them even more as they 're already . 
  i mean , throwing rocks off a bridge at suspected uber cars , assaulting drivers , and now this ? 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  i wonder if this debate is gon na end up with people getting killed . 
  seems to be only a matter of time . 
  mirror ? 
  wtf is that website ? 
  well it 's just showing me a bunch of memes and `` content not found '' pictures . 
  op never claimed it was about units sold , but about marketshare . 
  i agree wih your first point though . 
  well good that they trashed huskar . 
  played a game with sb , blademail , aghs yesterday . . worked really well against their lina and cm . 
  lina ultied me 3 times during duel , haha . 
  obviously people will learn and stop blowing ulties when they see an aghs lc , but it will take some time . 
  for now it 's a lot of fun , and quite strong if you are snowballing and they have some strong nukes . 
  yea it looks forced as fuck . 
  probably why i do n't find it funny personally . 
  this is so stupid , it 's just as easy to open a banana from the stem , and then you do n't have to eat the mushy black tip on the bottom side , you can just toss it with the peel . 
  loved the double blink ( yes , 2x the item ) on qop from the peruvian ( ? ), 
  team couple months back . . 
  i wish it was orange :(, 
  that i 'm bisexual . 
  not just from family , also from friends . 
  does n't help that i 'm in a kinda relationship with another guy now that i have to keep secret ( he is n't out either ) . 
  yay secrecy . 
  yay sleepless nights cause we ca n't see each other during the day . 
  i do n't really like ( or get ) the ranking system tbh . 
  when i got the game i already had a bit of practice from playing on my friends pc . 
  so in my first night of playing me and my friend just completely stomped every game . 
  i actually had 100 % winrate after 15 games or so . 
  i climbed to ~ 150rp . 
  the following day i played alone for a bit and just got lots and lots of really strong enemies . 
  i could n't believe it , after playing so many noobs it just threw me in with some people doing crazy arial hits while i still struggeled hitting the ball on the ground . 
  i had to turn the chat off because i got flamed so much by my teammates . 
  it was just really rough . 
  stopped playing after a bit because it got annoying . 
  bad , not good . 
  thanks for the in-depth reply  really appreciated . 
  arrrrrrrrrrrr !, 
  only if you do it right :, 
  unlikely he 's lvl 2 if he 's just been camping the cliff . 
  just search on youtube for the john cena theme . 
  i assumed ( probably like the guy asking ) that the joker line came from the girl itself , not tinder . 
  have n't used the app in quite a while . 
   adtr, 
  `` a day to remember '' if you actually are wondering . 
  you still do n't get it ? 
  she did n't make that joke , it 's a randomly generated line by the app . 
  an interesting fact to note here is that b can change over time with updates to the game . 
  if they change the terrain generation , you will also suddenly get a completely different world with your old seed . 
  i still remember there used to be a relatively simple to remember seed ( i think it was `` glacier '' or something ) that used to give you a world with amazing looking floating mountains near your spawn , back in the beta . 
  i was sad when that stopped working . 
  another interesting one was a seed where you 'd spawn near a huge gravel field . 
  if you mined up one of the gravel blocks , the games physics would kick in and the whole field collapsed into a cave beneath the field . 
  it was pretty awesome . 
  aether lens also gives mana , plus magic resistance and more regen . 
  as another austrian who likes to bitch about the high cost of our license a lot . . 
  i agree with your last point . 
  losing your license hurts a lot more if not only you have to go through that whole process again , but also pay for it . 
  our sonntagsfahrer are nothing against some clips i 've seen here from all over the world . . 
  have n't read that in a while . . 
  got a pretty cool plugin for foobar2000 which analyzes the sound levels of your tracks and adjusts their loudness to be on the same level for all your music . 
  it then saves those adjustments to the songs metadata . 
  i believe the plugin 's called replaygain . 
  try the plugin `` replaygain '' for foobar2000 . 
  works perfectly for me , takes a little bit to analyze all songs up front though ( only once per track , not everytime you play it ) . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  '' ... is rooted out ( ausgerottet ) . '', 
  holy shit that is too funny . 
  that almost sounds like satire . 
  ausrotten -  out rooting . 
  you should n't press hard at all anyways , no matter if electric brush or not . 
  plus it 's a repost, 
  same here . . 
  interesting that so many people made that mistake . 
  i 'm sorry , i wo n't do it again !, 
  on the other hand i bought 5 games , and i rarely ever do buy any , even during sales . 
  stories like yours ours do n't matter in the end , it 's the overall statistic that count . 
  a couple of months ago i found an article hear on resdit about smaller bodies that apin even faster . 
  like , much much faster , one spin in 1-2 seconds . 
  granted , it was n't about whole planets i believe , but it was nevertheless a fascinating read . 
  i forgot what these bodies were called sadly . 
  i never liked eating or drinking sugary stuff , now i 'm underweight :(, 
  [ do me too !, 
  ] ( http://www.dotabuff.com/players/93439626 ),
