  caused a bit of a drama even because people said it was wasted money . 
  you ca n't do that here in europe anyways , at least not in austria . 
  the church aswell . 
  they never claimed it would, 
  interesting . 
  the only comparable thing we have is a single traffic light with an arrow pointing right like this sign , but it 's always a traffic light . 
  if the traffic light is red , you do n't go anywhere . 
  he had a negative score earlier . 
  stop with the ? 
  circlejerk already, 
  it looks pretty good , but i suggest getting rid of the expendable skins where you have 2 that do the same thing . 
  i think it would look much cleaner without the ghosts skin . 
  it just pokes out too much against the white background . 
  hey , it seems like you are new to reddit . 
  here , it 's best to just press reply beneath the comment you want to reply to , and not writing all the answers into one comment . 
  this way , the one you replied to recieves a message in his inbox noting that you replied , not the way you did it though . 
  anyways , good luck finding a job , 
  oh , and by the way , at least your written german is quite good already !, 
  i 'd consider the term `` gebrochenes deutsch '' pretty advanced level even , 
  ok , just getting tired of the jokes already . 
  also , you ca n't just make an extension to bring that data back . 
  if the reddit api is not giving out that data , nobody can tell how many up and downs a comment got . 
  as long as reddit itself doesnmt change that , it 's not gon na come back . 
  i know that but that 's not the point here . 
  i think he was just joking . 
  i miss the ol' days where cherno was an epic battlefield between fresh spawns and snipers . 
  had so much fun finding out ways to kill people camping either on the sniper tower or in the hills , either as a freshspawn myself or fully geared . 
  granted , that thing is way too easy too defend once you are up there since there 's only one way up via a ladder . 
  still managed to sneak up on some guys a couple of times when they were busy . 
  yes , the sounds are really buggy right now . 
  we did some testing on an open field a bit back , you could not hear people shooting sometimes . 
  it seems random , depending on how far away you are and where you are facing . 
  sometimes there 's just silence , when you take a step left you suddenly hear the shot . 
  so weird . 
  orrrrr he is just bad ? 
  ever thought about that ? 
  yea , op should 've probably died a second time when he ran into the police station and got a shotgun unloaded into his back . 
  but it somehow did almost no damage . 
  why 's the blaze shit ? 
  it 's a one-shot kill weapon and fairly accurate . 
  some kind of scope would be nice for it but apart from that i like it . 
  there 's a drum mag for the ak that has more bullets than that . 
  no problem i can keep correcting you . 
  if you press t you can switch firemode to dual fire , so it 's deadly at short range . 
  2 skull posts in 24 hours ... it 's a sign . 
  wow , that sucks ... 
  we 've got 50 %, 
  oh and 25 % of 15 year olds smoke [ at least twice weekly ] ( http://kurier.at/lebensart/gesundheit/oesterreich-land-der-jugendlichen-raucher/36.845.923 ) here . 
  there 's me , still hoping it will go down to 50 %  we 'll see !, 
  did n't ms say that they would n't shut it down ? 
  usually it does n't , but fuckups like this happen relatively frequently . 
  there 's one or two almost every sale . 
  btw , i 'm not sure if they fixed it or not , but the matchmaking used to suck hard . 
  it always put you in servers with low players and 150 ping or so , for some weird reason . 
  you might want to stick to the server browser , although , try it out , maybe they fixed that . 
  hmm , i 've had plenty of encounters where i needed at least a second hit to kill somebody . 
  especially when they have some kind of chest protection , i 've had to shoot one guy 3 times yesterday for him to fall and die . 
  that might have been desync but i 'm not too sure . 
  i 'm sure all 3 hit though since he was n't moving ( busy looting some other body ), 
  pretty sure this is the same explosion that the petrol stations make when blown up . 
   terrain and clouds very low, 
  object detail high, 
  are you trolling or something ? 
  terrain and clouds do literally nothing to my fps , object detail is the frame killer . 
  especially in cities . 
  agreed , but to be fair this post does break the sidebar rules . 
   videos shorter than 1 minute are allowed . 
  i agree that those weapons are better , 
  also some kids might not want to see that . 
  stop taking nsfw so literally . 
  i do n't click on nsfw links when there 's kids nearby , it 's good that bloody posts are marked as such . 
  especially on shitty titled posts like this one . 
  / r/gamedeals  they cover each day of the steam sale with very elaborate posts and there 's a lot of discussion in the comments each day !, 
  not sure what you mean by prebuffer nerf . 
  yup , and many cs players got mad about it . 
  especially since they just pushed out a vac banwave before the sale . 
  cheaters could just stock back up on accounts a week or so later . 
  he forgot a little new military area has been added nw of neaf , 2 new barracks there . 
   the time acceleration ca n't be synced properly dude to server controls being left to server admins . 
  that does n't mean they ca n't fix it . 
  admins should n't be messing with the server time anyways , and they are n't able to as far as i know apart from setting the time it will be after a restart . 
   the fact that they are not in the game does not mean they are not done nor close to done , just means its not ready yet for exp servers . 
  if they were done , they would be ready for exp servers . . 
  just recently i was standing in the second floor of a corner cafe , suddenly my screen went grey as if i was hit and my trousers were ruined . 
  wtf ? 
  i did n't break my legs or lost any health at all though , since i was still `` healthy '' . 
  nsfw is not supposed to be taken literally . 
  i think of it was `` not safe for wife '' or `` not safe for kids '' . 
  in which part of austria does it mean \u00fcppig ? 
  op is a reposter anyways , so it 's probably not his eye either . 
  why is this in eli5 and not just / r/answers or whatever ? 
  wtf op do you really need a `` simplified '' answer on that ? 
  well , it depends on how often the server restarts . 
  `` high loot '' servers usually restart every 2 hours , while others restart less frequently . 
  but only 20 round mags and 2 spare , ca n't ace with that , bud . 
  yup , and increase the min . 
  fov so people ca n't abuse the fov settings so much . 
  it 's easy to write a simple ahk script that puts your fov to lowest on a button click and back to normal on another . 
  insta-zoom . 
  unless you are 14-1 and bought a negev :d,
