  i said `` might save you '' not `` omg that guy is blind '' . 
  i agree that the car was going way too fast , so the lada probably started overtaking when he was already going for the turn . 
  in general though , it 's always smart to check your mirrors before making a turn , that 's what i was saying here . 
  kicks would be awesome too !, 
  i guess it all comes down to the issue of how to make an effective control system since you would either need a different key for each action , or come up with a different system . 
  it 's excactly what i learnt in driving school though . 
  always check your mirrors before turning or changing lanes . 
  huh , since when is it private ? 
  man , it 's not like they have to implement it right now and delay the release , it 's something for down the line . 
  i searched for it , but did n't find your thread since you named it differently :p, 
  i 'm aware that i 'm not the first one with the idea , found a thread about it from 5 months ago . 
  i just wanted to make people aware about the possibility again so that maybe it gets picked up on in the next stream . 
   misremembered or they mistaught, 
  you 're acting like it 's a * bad * habbit to have . 
  they 're okay , could be better though , especially in cities . 
  it 's funny how many untouched buildings me and my friends found just off the coast . 
  seems like everyone flocking to the new cherno at the moment . 
  please for the love of god , use the search function before posting a bug . 
  the broken unconsciousness has been reported at least 10 times in the last hour already . 
  a little bit . 
  getting 25-30 instead of 20-25 on my laptop . 
  same goes for fps for me . 
  annoying stuttering 60-90 fps i get in csgo sometimes if i do n't put fps_max to 60 . 
  agreed !, 
  love it when my games run smoothly . 
  i 'm one of those guys that rather puts everything on low than have lower fps . 
  sorry that you got downvoted for not knowing it better ( unless you were n't serious ) , but vsync is generally regarded bad because it can add input lag , sometimes more , sometimes less . 
  it 's a year old gaming laptop though , but yea , it 's still alright i guess . 
  there 's some games where you can get kicked if your ping is too high . 
  arma ii for example has that option . 
  counterstrike global offensive also has an option so you can choose how high your ping can max be when it 's looking for a matchmaking server . 
  which has ammo . 
  and usually is `` empty '' . 
  stupid empty rock . 
  how the fuck did you `` hide '' your m4 ? 
  it does n't fit in any of the bags , does it ? 
  i 'd love to play together with my brother , 
  or have something like 21 hour ingame days , so that it will be a different ingame time every day in the evening . 
  not in the current build , but it 's gon na be in in the next one . 
  e : actually , apparently there 's two types of bayoneta , and only one of them works currently , while ther other one does not . 
  kinda like the hotbar in dayz already works ? 
  it fades after a few seconds , pressing the button above tab brings it back up . 
  it 's just taken over from arma ii where you could mute all the global channels with that slider , while still leaving direct chat on . 
  or ... just turn voip down in the settings . 
  you can still hear direct chat if you do that . 
  not if the one inside is packed with stuff :p, 
  it mutes all the global chit chat but you can still hear people close to you . 
  not sure why voip is n't default off . 
  in dayz there 's currently a bug which makes some people speak in global when they 're using direct chat . 
  i 'm not sure how it works , i believe dead people are heard by everyone . 
  maybe even unconscious ones , but i 'm not sure . 
  no it does n't . 
  do n't hold the button , just click it . 
  no problem man . 
  i know how annyoing the chatter can be . 
  i think he was just joking , 
  but agreed , it was fun not having to deal with hackers so far . 
  damn , i remember warrock . 
  hackers used to teleport themselves there so they could just easily kill all the players without moving around . 
  yea , there 's the debug plains in dayz for that . 
  if you keep running west , you will eventually get to the place , but it 's hard to find since it 's all just hills and it takes ages even with a vehicle . 
  it 's not the tilde on everyones keyboard  mine has the qwertz layout , so it 's actually the \\ ^ key for me . 
  np , found it out accidently when i tried clicking tab :p, 
  hey , no worries . 
  the controls were confusing the fuck out of me when i started playing the mod . 
  it 's standard in germany and austria , i have no idea where the buttons are on a qwerty one . 
  the 35 slot bags also only take 25 slots, 
  im pretty sure setting it to 2048gb will be a bit much for your card ... 
  i bad to read this 3 times before realizing what the hell you are even talking about ... 
  it flys around when you are exhausted , give your guy a rest . 
  the numbers do mean quite a lot actually . 
  60 fps is much smoother than 30 fps . 
  and the lower you go , the more does each frame matter . 
  the difference between 20 and 30 fps is huge . 
  and if i know that i ca n't even get at least 20-25 fps out of the game , i 'm not even gon na bother with it . 
  you mean the crosshair ? 
  if yes , then that 's what i mean , your guy ca n't hold his gun still if he 's exhausted , that 's why it 's kinda floating all over the place . 
  it 's been like that in the mod already . 
  damn , where do you fit 600 magazines ? 
  can you drop the storage box somewhere in the woods and come back to it later or will it just despawn ? 
  i 'm not sure i ever had that problem ... 
  when do you get that ? 
  that takes the fun out of diseases . 
  there should n't be indicators , there should only be proper symptoms . 
  ah , you mean the crosshair is kinda lagging behind your movement ? 
  this sub is not for reporting bugs , head over to feedback.dayzgame.com and search if it has been posted before . 
  if not , open a new issue . 
  that 's broken for guns atm . 
  the first video does n't look like much to me . 
  ca n't see him spawning anything in nor any wallhacks , and as you said , might not even be the alpha version . 
  not sure what 's going on in the video really . 
  toom me a bit to realize , but you have to put the books into your hotbar and press the number to open them . 
  then , in the book , press tab to get the links for next/previous page . 
  you are n't , the best , at grammar ? 
  yup , post there . 
  and include where you live . 
  defiantly, 
  where 's the constrained guy ? 
  got around 25-30 frames on lowest , around 3-5 on max . 
  yea , the newest one .
