  it is intentional that you are able to right click fences now , but not that you are not able to draw a bow or block with your sword . 
  that 's actually a * bug * caused by the right-click interaction . 
  ... why would anyone want to play like that ? 
  that just sounds aweful . 
  i 'm not sure why grum would say that except that they are aware of the issue but just do n't know a way around it . 
  it 's the same bug with iron doors , they never fixed that one either . 
  if sou ask me , it just sounds like another case of minecrafts faulty coding that they are now in the process of rewriting . 
  or maybe they do n't think it 's worth spending time to fix it . 
  so , why would it be intended ? 
  they never stated any reason , neither here nor for the iron door bug . 
  damn . 
  do n't get me wrong , we have annoying ads too , but this stuff gets my blood boiling . 
  who calls w `` doppel vau '' ? 
  actually w is just called `` we '' in german , the e in german is pronounced kinda like an a in english . 
  oh yes , been to the midst of australia before , and there was this midnight event where they would drive out away from all light pollution from the hotels . 
  then , in this one place , they would just turn all the lights off , and from one moment to the other , i shit you not , the sky went from pure black to shining white . 
  there were more stars than one human could ever count . 
  such an amazing experience . 
  god dammit , as a biker myself i wish my government would do something like this in my city . 
  we do have bike tracks and stuff but not even close to this level . 
  ftfy, 
  coming from german , we have the long system aswell :, 
  milliarden = billion, 
  billiarden = quadrillion, 
  quite confusing for us when you learn english . 
  if you just type out the link with `` www . '', 
  at the front it turns into a link . 
  as you can see above :p, 
  he missed his chance . 
  i found it interesting , but not very . 
  only ... mildly ... 
  in the austrian and some other servers , you can even get low-level [ alcohol ] like the [ beer ] potion once you reach level 16 !, 
  does n't mean he ca n't have a german accent ... we speak german here in austria , too . 
  you mean , you want to see more more seamen ? 
  you are right , thanks . 
  ( sbg here ) been to vorarlberg , and you are totally right . 
  they lean heavy towards switzerdutch , had to ask for pardon a few times there . 
  it 's not like we could n't communicate with anyone from berlin though , we just have to focus on speaking `` proper '' german :p, 
  haha . 
  shows the language diversity of our small country . 
  i 've also had people living only 50-100km from salzburg tell me my accent sounds funny . 
  so yea . 
  depends on where you come from  . 
  i find it hilarious how people in vienna talk sometimes . 
  did you write the whole song out in noteblock studio or did you use a midi file ? 
  can you even import midi files to noteblock studio ? 
  would be awesome if you could . 
  also , any special filters you used for mcedit ? 
  i realize you copied the blackwool & wiring with mcedit , but did you place all the noteblocks by hand and tune them ? 
  falling sand entities riding minecarts with offset ? 
  not sure how you would make them fall down so slowly though . 
  cobwebs ? 
  i really love those trees . 
  they look very pretty , at least with the shader . 
  same with the canyon !, 
  yea , they are supposed to be fonts you use in minecraft , to write with blocks basically . 
  it should destroy the used key by throwing into lava or something so nobody else can steal it . 
  you need to make a new key to open it up then . 
  just lead the hopper into a dropper that goes into lava and have it trigger when there 's an item in it . 
  boom , even more secure . 
  commenting to save for desktop, 
  can you make part of the map invisible ? 
  if yes , then you are right . 
  also , there 's no actual teleporting in this video , there 's actually 2 different rooms here . 
  else you would notice the teleporting . 
  i 've tried this excact thing before , working portals , but the teleporting in minecraft is literally dragging the player in a straight line from a to b through solid blocks in a fraction of a second , but you still notice it , sadly . 
  _ unless _ they cut the teleporting `` animation '' out of the video . 
  it looks like a teleport , but not from one portal to the other , but just 1 or 2 blocks forward . 
  ~ ~ by the way , teleportations do n't rotate the player 180 degrees , so it actually must be 2 rooms that are mirrored . ~ ~ * stupid me . 
  other point still stands . 
  for the datavalues , it 's different depending on what direction the button/level/whatever is facing , so you really just have to play around until it works . 
  the build looks pretty amazing from the outside and from the map-view , but the inside is quite boring and not so good . 
  who knows . 
  but damn those bloodeffects look awesome . 
  this game in general looks awesome . 
  then the must 've cut out a few frames during the teleport to make the video look better , because this is not how teleporting looks like in minecraft . 
  try it yourself , it wo n't look like in the video . 
  defenitely , if someone would bleed like that and you could follow the blood trail to whereever he is hiding , for example . 
  the blood in general looks very impressive , and would i would like something like that in dayz . 
  i 'm sure blood-trails like this have been suggested before , but unsure if this would work with the arma engine . 
  i often wish dayz would be made on a different engine : /, 
  there 's nothing in this tweet to indicate that , karma whore . 
  before his foot even reaches the magazine he would have a bullet in his head though . 
  also yours is on minus :p, 
  well , this is nothing like in overgrowth , but it 's cool that it 's at least possible !, 
  thanks for the video . 
  stimmt , as a normal talking austrian , i can still kinda understand you . 
  at least in text . 
  probably . 
  how does sweet stuff taste then ? 
  all sour and bitter ? 
  well , i do n't even know how to call this fruit in my own language , so there 's that , too . 
  there 's not always only 1 right path . 
  krone is a no-go . 
  also there 's an icon in the taskbar , click that and `` disable for 1 hour '' if you need to . 
  do n't upvote this , guys , this means absolutely nothing . 
  ahhh . 
  that actually helped , in german it 's called ` passionsfrucht ' . 
  we do n't really have it in supermarkets here , but you can buy passion juice in some places . 
  i wish people would use the search bar before posting .
