  here in austria for example we have 2 weeks for christmas ( dec 24th - jan 6th ) , one at the middle of the school year basically ( beginning of feb ) , 1\u00a01/2 weeks easter holidays and a couple of single day holidays usually on thursdays or tuesdays . 
  pupils then get the whole long weekend off ( either thursday to sunday or saturday to tuesday ) . 
  you can go to preschool here , it 's optional though . 
  i see . 
  no , we usually go to kindergarten from age 2 or 3-5 . 
  same goes for astral and ods ulti, 
  well , what has that to do with his videos ? 
  you are n't supposed to thumbs up a video because you like the person that made it but because the video was good . 
  if learnprogramming thought they were good guides , it was n't wrong of them to like the videos even if the poster is a horrible person . 
  hmm i would n't disagree . 
  played almost only support during the 10 matches and won 7 out of 10 , got 2k . 
  also i played with 2 friends who where around 3-4k . 
  i thoight they changed it so that it does n't accountfor weapon sway at all and is therefor not completely accurate , but i 'm not sure since i never play on regular really . 
  if you know some python , you could weote a script for mcedit that does the job for you !, 
  you do n't need a degree for it though . 
  i learnt so much about redstone and how stuff like this works just by firstly reading everything on the wiki about redstone . 
  everything . 
  and secondly watching tons of videos about it and rebuilding stuff on my own . 
  you really can learn a lot , the ressources are all online . 
  might take you longer with the script depending on how big your project is :p, 
   xrewawt, 
  took me a bit . 
  throughout !, 
  that wo n't work . 
  you ca n't shut off the down tower without powering the blocks themselves , so they will lock up the pistons on the way up . 
  / r/switcharoo, 
  i 've had a game were our tinker bottle crowed and got his mana boots with the courier , and our tiny decided to steal the courier for his own items , and also take the mana boots and bottle he found on the courier . 
  tinker proceeds to rage-feed for the rest of the game . 
  i do n't know why you can take other players items ( except for bottle maybe ) anyways . 
  the only reason i could think of is something that happened in the internationals , the other team has a bounty who lies to snipe the courier , so earth shaker delivered the items to the mid player . 
  tilt to live ? 
  what would be a better system in your eyes ? 
  i ca n't think of one that would be long and short term accurate . 
  that 's what happens when 2 rotating tires collide !, 
  i 'm not sure how this belong in this subreddit . 
  what is interesting here ? 
  the `` shitty '' terms ? 
  biggest selling game ? 
  simcity is n't even in the top 40 . 
  i think simcity 4 is the 50th best selling game . 
  downvotes everyone . 
  this is stupid , we do n't want an `` easy mode '' if you die , you 'll have a chance to loose items , and that 's okay . 
  maybe , but even if then only for singleplayer , as others have said this would eventually lag any server, 
  sry it does n't show me all comments on mobile, 
  i know your pain . 
   no escape, 
  and then he gets shadowblade and the other team does n't know what to do anymore . 
  dust , what is that ? 
  welp , that 's cheaper than just the wiiu here in austria . 
  well , i 've had a game where it happened , and it was very unpleasant . 
  basically , tiny stole tinkers manaboots and bottle , tinker gets mad obviously and proceeds to throw the game and feed couriers etc. 
  i agree , they are hillarious !, 
   well the radiants are ... well ... they are n't !, 
  and then the low pitched hoollyyy shiiiiit . 
  hahaha, 
  ye that too, 
  oh , i think there is . 
  he first landed on his feet and then made a perfect over the shoulder roll . 
  ofc he could 've broken a bone or two , but i would believe it if he got away with just bruises on his shoulder and side . 
  i 've been in the desert of australia at night before , and it 's actually not that different from the picture . 
  it 's just completely breathtaking in real life , especially for somebody who has lived in a city his whole life . 
  you never see the stars like this in light polluted areas , but out there , away from all disturbing light sources you can see an unbelievable amount of stars and even the milky way . 
  if you 're ever in australia and visiting ayers rock , i highly suggest going on one of these nightly trips . 
  read the other comments ? 
  op has already responded . . 
   birdlings flat , about 45 mins south of christchurch , nz, 
  by op half an hour before you asked, 
  here you go, 
  wait wait wait . . you ca n't play it in your browser anymore ? 
  it 's telling me i can play in my browser but when i press that it goes to the client download page which again says `` advanced users : play in your browser with java . '', 
  but no link to actually play it . 
  just wanted to check on my old character , but i do n't really want to download the game now . . 
  edit : nvm , seems to be working in firefox but not chrome . . weird . 
  our school had problems with the students being too loud during lunch , so they set up a device that looked like a traffic light and measured the noise . 
  if it was toooud , it would light up the red light and make a reallly loud and annoying peep noise . 
  it was gone about 2 weeks later because the pupils started actively making even more noise to set off the alarm sound ... 
  you just got rekt . 
  huh , i did n't know the chrono thing ... 
  i 've only been playing for about 3 months now . 
  is there a list or something with rather hidden facts like that that would be good to know ? 
  i 'm curious now what else i might not yet know about the game . 
  and spinnns, 
  hmm i do n't think i 'd want to waste a charge for a golem , but good to know i guess . 
  sven had a shared tango , so his victory chance was only [ 22 percent ] ( http://www.dotabuff.com/items/tango-shared ) of course !, 
  being mad is one thing , but overtaking on the right and then abruptly stopping in the middle of the road just to scream at somebody another . 
  it does n't count all games where somebody shared a tango , but all games where the game ended with somebody having a shared tango still in their inventory . . which usually does n't happen unless your team gets stomped or you maybe leave the game early . 
  got hooked and ultied when i was lvl 4 with stout and morbid , still killed him and survived with ~ 25 hp, 
  k downvotes . 
  do n't believe me or what 's the matter ? 
  cause he got a frigging _ meteor _ . 
  i think invoker is just very fun to play , and his abilities look fun aswell . 
  that 's why many people want to learn him . 
  the first time maybe ... 
  had a similar teacher , i do n't know the average scores , but she ended up giving a point for spelling your name right so that some pupils at least got 1 point ( out of like 40 or so ) . 
  that was in 10-11th grade . 
  also , i 'm not saying those who were that low were n't incredibly lazy and not very smart , but the tests were still ... tough . 
  combine that with a teacher who ca n't teach and you end up with results like that , 
  i 'm a bit late but maybe somebody still sees this . 
  okay , i 'm now almost 500 games in and feeling pretty comfortable with this game . 
  especially mid i 'm doing usually very good with a ranged hero .
