  what ?? 
  it got released november 2000 , the mod in ' 99 . 
  read the sidebar and use the searchbar for posting . 
  that 's a tip for a reddit newbie . 
  this excact post has popped up at least 10 times in the last 2 months alone . 
  if he would just use the search bar he could find all the tips he needs . 
  sorry for ` sounding ' harsh , but this type of post is popping up weekly and they all have the same answers and some good tips . 
  op would get more information and get it faster . 
  yea , they thought the subreddit was n't getting enough sumissions , so they allowed videos of just people getting hurt . 
  kinda sucks imo , it basically turned into a second / r/whatcouldgowrong . 
  i 'm not really sure . 
  i guess that 's my problem at the moment . 
  sometimes i think it 's my aim , some games it seems to me like i 'm getting ridiculous bad luck , although then it 's probably my positioning . 
  i do n't have much problems with my gamesense , i 've gotten pretty good at reading my enemies minds , i get called a wallhacker on a regular basis . 
  maybe i should record some demos and upload them , so somebody else can help me out ? 
  alright . 
  yea , salzburg is probably the most expensive city in austria in this regard . 
  good luck , maybe you can still find something . 
  if it 's uncomfortable to hit s very quickly , try to hit shift instead until you stand , it slows you down to walking speed initially so you get accurate a little bit quicker . 
  he always gets 300 for planting , his whole team gets 800 if it was still in-time . 
  you are wrong . 
  they get an 800 bonus at the end of the round if the bomb is planted , it even says so in the chat . 
  '' +800 for bomb plant . '', 
  or something like that . 
  aaah . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  true , only if you loose . 
  we were n't really discussing only if you win the round , but the thread got a bit confusing , i guess . 
  that 's only 1 out of ~ 5 different error messages i got . 
  `` not connected to steam '' being the most annoying one for me . 
  around 50 for me . 
  or , as we call them in german , staubsauger - `` dustsuckers '' . 
  you ai n't doing it right if you do n't hear a loud crack after the first pumps . 
  you managed to pick that their/there/they 're that did n't fit in both cases . 
  congratulation . 
  maybe you should go see a therapist if you swear so much in your sleep that you get rashes . 
  no worries . 
  as long as you 're not in the camera app , it should be fine . 
  leaving i in the sun for long is still not recommended though because it should n't get too hot . 
  is it normal to write `` congratulation_s _ '' in english ? 
  it is n't in german . 
  oh , thanks for telling me . 
  i did n't know that . 
  and thanks again  after using the internet for 10 + years you tend to learn english pretty well ( and having it in school for 8 years , although i 've probably learnt more on the internet , haha ) . 
  it 's him arguing about his esea ban . 
  he broke the forum rules , so he got banned . 
  now he 's making a big deal about it . 
  me and my teammates have experienced it often enough that shot at somebody , get blood splatters on the ground and walls and then die just to see that we did n't actually hit him ( serverside ) . 
  i guess this would fix that issue aswell . 
   no accusations, 
  you pretty clearly accused him of hacking-intentions by posting that video , maybe not direct through speech but indirect by spreading said video all over esea . 
  it would 've probably been better to keep it a secret and instead message the admins so they can keep an eye on him and catch him first-hand . 
  that would 've also hurt him and his career a lot more . 
  there 's a youtuber who built a working centrifuge in space in the game kerbal space program , it was pretty interesting to see how it worked even with the limited physics of a game . 
  for me it was highschool and smartphones ... :(, 
  where ? 
  what ? 
  that 's a self post . 
  they are not nots . 
  if i know one thing about investment and finance stuff , it 's do n't go with the hive , most will loose money while only a few gain money . 
  although that might be complete bs here , i 'm no expert in steam trading . 
  that does n't answer his question at all . 
  why would it not ` make ' him seem more attractive on the photos then ? 
  now that i think about it ... fuck , that 's pretty impressive . 
  ... now where 's my hoverboards ? 
  that 's the thing here . . is it only reddit ? 
  is the reddit community here big enough ? 
  the prices for the lower end weapons is rising though , so we 're having at least some effect . 
  well , most people are only spending 1-5 $ , so it 's not a like it 's a big investment anyways :p, 
  from middle to the side of my mousepad is about 160-180 \u00b0 ingame . 
  waat i added you like 20 minutes after you posted and i did n't get one . 
  y u so popular ? 
  a bot is not a not . 
  dude , yoir paintings are awesome . 
  keep it up !, 
  and germans . 
  who the fuck had the idea to call w ` double yew ' in the english language ? 
  double vee would make more sense . 
  maybe it comes from handwriting . 
  america , of course the date is in mm-dd format . 
  no , see that pillar he drives over around 0:10 ? 
  that thing gets bent over and then stuck under his car . 
   v. do not rehost webcomics . 
  you may provide an imgur mirror in the comments . 
  he 's also violating rule v , so there 's that . . 
  true !, 
  few = view ? 
  we have something like that in austria , but the postman usually does n't care and just puts ads in anyways . 
  if they 're coughing , you should n't pat them on the back , but when they ca n't get any air at all anymore , you should . 
  not in the center of the back though , but between the shoulders . 
  and quite hard , not just soft pats . 
  the problem is that blood in your stomach causes you to vomit . 
  and blood vomits are not nice . 
  so why does n't it stop the timer once the majority voted for a map ? 
  i , ve been scratching my head over that and the fact that the voting takes 15 seconds instead of 5 . 
  r/atheism is leaking again ... 
  it can , if you are on the inside of a hollow cylinder . 
  he provided a source , where is yours ? 
  who said this does n't apply to comments ? 
  as others have said , this is just anecdotical evidence .
