  not sure if this is good or bad though , it makes it easier to defend from certain angles , but smokes can still block of the key points . 
  also , the way the boxes are put , they allow for a few sneaky hiding spots . 
  none of the as good as the firebox , but with a good smoke you could make the ninja still . 
  maybe , i have n't actually played it against players yet . 
  it 's very difficult to smoke window from t-spawn now . 
  i 've tried a couple of different ways , but there 's either invisible walls in the way or the buildings are too tall : /, 
  but i guess somebody will find a way sooner or later . 
  reading this made me grin again . 
  you cant be spotted from both sides of the booth . 
  it looks like there is a gap at the right side ( coming from ct spawn ) , but you ca n't see anyone standing there from the other side, 
  if the t 's hug the wall in front of them before peeking , it looks like they can still see everything . . 
  i 'm always doing somethin wrong ... * sigh *, 
  maybe he 's been banned from / r/videos ? 
  damn , the best bots always get banned from so many subreddits bc of people abusing them . 
  take / u/linkfixerbot . 
  2 or 3 trolls made bots that would respond to every post he made with a broken link , creating infinite loops . 
  it got him shadowbanned from a bunch of subs . 
  it 's such a cool bot , but since people have been abusing him he got banned from a bunch of subs i guess : /, 
  how are they reasonable ? 
  why would random invisible walls stop your grenades be reasonable ? 
  is it just so you ca n't throw smokes across the map ? 
  yea , i thought that was their reasoning . 
  but some of those skyboxes are quite odd and missplaced , you ca n't even smoke window from short/mid without exposing yourself to it . 
  in mirage you ca n't smoke window from certain angles because of weird skywalls . 
  intended behaviour iirc :, 
  when you play with friends , you have the advantage of better communication vs a team of randoms . 
  so you get matched with stronger enemies . 
  it works quite well most of the times imo . 
  i 'm not sure if matchmaking takes into account how many people are in a group if not all 5 , but i 'd assume it did . 
  also , if they speak your language , invite them into your ts/mumble/whatever . 
  most people appreciate the offer plus you might get another person to play with regularly , so you do n't need to play with randoms as often . 
  my `` group '' has about 10 people already , there 's almost always 5 people playing and we never play with randoms anymore, 
  it 's not silly at all ... 
  it prevents you from joining some random foreign server where you 'd have a 200 ping . 
  the american brazilian-bashing gets annoying ... 
  seriously , i 'm sure brazilians would love their own servers aswell , but there 's none in south america . 
  blame valve . 
  plus i doubt they hack significantly more than any other nation . 
  or do you have any proper source for that ? 
  i 'm from europe and have n't played a single match against brazilians yet . 
  also , wtf has leetway/esea/my mm rank to do with this ? 
  you only make yourself look bad with accusations like these . 
  i killed the last t, 
  defusing , 3 hp left, 
  the decoy explodes . 
  you are wrong . 
  some postols have higher penetration than others . 
  it 's a value like ` damage ' and ` rate of fire ' you can see in the buy menu . 
  adressing your clan vs randoms issue :, 
  if you play with 4 friends/clanmates , you get matched with players that are slightly higher ranked than you . 
  that means , if you play with randoms , you have the advantage of higher skill while they have the advantage of better communication, 
  map has nothing to do with how man hackers ypu encounter . 
  i 've seen hackers on almost every map already . 
  hmm ... 
  i have n't noticed that before , and i 'm playing with different ranked people often . 
  from my experience it calulates the average of your ranks and finds a team that has about the same average . 
  that would make the most sense to me aswell . 
  i do n't actually know anyone irl who plays csgo , my friends are still stuck with css . 
  but i met so many awesome people ingame , we just made a little steamgroup and we 've got our own ts3 server , and there 's always everyday at least 7 players in the teamspeak now . 
  we actually have to take turns in playing because we always have more than 5 who want to play at the same time , 
  most people play d2 . 
  dunno if the percentage of hackers is higher on d2, 
  no , this is almost as bad of a spoiler . 
  put [ spoiler ] and the matchname in the title and then talk about it in the comments / self-post, 
  get off this sub , kid . 
  you 're too young for counterstrike anyways , it seems . 
  yea , people need to learn about the search function . 
  did n't someone even make a post about the repeated posts just a week or two ago ? 
  meh , in my experience it has been the other way around . 
  if i play with silvers , i 'm pretty much gon na destroy my enemies , no matter if i host or not . 
  if they act like kids , then yes . 
  grow up and keep it civil . 
  and no it 's not that much unless you buy some premium beer . 
  we need you in / r/desktops !, 
  and different languages !!, 
  i do n't know of an other services like netflix that do n't suck . 
  looks like taviana . 
  did your friend get disconnected aswell ? 
  do the kniferound in a seperate small map where you have nowhere to hide ? 
  that would mean loading in another map though , takes time and bandwidth ... 
  wow , really beautiful , i love the colorful launchers . 
  nice song , but i 'm not a big fan of the vocals , they sound kinda odd . 
  the [ go ] tag seems unnecessary in / r/globaloffensive ... 
  1 . use search, 
  2 . use search, 
  do n't wan na sound unfriendly , but it will get you an answer faster most of the times :p + it keeps the sub clean from reposted questions . 
  even downhill you can use your front brakes unless you slam them completely . 
  they stop you a lot more than your rear brakes . 
  you should use both in combination going downhill . 
  wow , did n't think i 'd like it , but i love it !, 
  thanks for posting , 
  aww i liked that spot . 
  was nice for saving and for showing off to other people . 
  as a not native speaker , i do n't get it , can someone explain ? 
  ah , makes sense now , thanks , 
  `` how to determine your skill level '', 
  i do n't see how this post should help . 
  what skill * is * low , what excactly is mid ? 
  yea but that 's a new one . 
  sorry , but aces on silver/nova level are not very interesting to watch .
