  i know , it 's not everybodies `` thing '' , but i suggest you check out the redstone wiki page and try out some of the basic mechanisms . 
  that 's how i started . 
  metadata is supposed to replace the damage values , not tile entities . 
  they could be working on removing that limitation aswell , but we have n't heard anything about it so far . 
  i 've seen the bot before , but hi have no idea what it 's referencing . 
  can someone explain ? 
  ah makes sense . 
  and then it quickly became a thing to summon the bot by purposely saying it wrong , i guess . 
  have fun , 
  there 's a bunch of youtubers who make some crazy stuff with redstone aswell , from the top of my head i remember minecraftchrizz , redstoneinnovation , fvdisco and hifolksimadam . 
  sethbling has good ideas , but those guys usually beat him by complexity , 
  ctrl + f ghandi and half the scrollbar turns yellow . 
  my dog probably died from poison , even though we never used poison traps . 
  must 've eaten something from a field or something . 
  i was like 6 or 7 when he died , i do n't remember that much , only that he was only lying around in the house all day and seemed to be in pain . 
  also my parents told me not to touch him until they knew what he had , but i still sat next to him for quite a while . 
  all i remember from those days before they brought him to the vet where he died . 
  one of my saddest childhood memories . 
  i just use ps3 controller with motioninjoy set to emulate a xbox controller , works great !, 
  you 'd have to proof it was broken when you got it though , which is difficult after over 1 year . 
  also , and in this i agree with op , it messes up the hitboxes , especially in 64 tick servers . 
  the same thing happened to me , i completely failed and just walked off the wall on accident , as my screen fades i see him falling down aswell with the victory message popping up . 
  fun times . 
  if you watched the full video you should know that he actually got the idea from this subreddit ... 
  so basically you just reposted . 
  i 'm all for walking , running not so much . 
  \\ + a bigger spread and shorter range . 
  my main gripe with this map is that i ca n't see cts even when they 're shooting at me . 
  shit , i 'm lem and still have problems if a guy is suddenly up cat outside . 
  although if he misses and tries to get away , he 's gon na die, 
  ... that 's probably the funniest thing i 've read on here in a while haha, 
  austrian here , got honolulu and new york . 
  you can see how british our english classes are . 
  woah dude in r/woahdude, 
  well , good , i always hated having so much unnecessary plastic junk to throw away . 
  after getting a bit frustrated i ended up rushing the whole way from the first to the second bonfire , ignoring every enemy on the way . 
  figured out a pretty good route where i 'd only take a bit of fall damage and only took me like 100 tries  definitely possible to rush through though haha . 
  or use the red orbs explicitly put into the game to invade . 
  you can not force other people to not invade you unless you play offline . 
  it 's part of the game just like the soapstones . 
  agreed . 
  if you get ganked while invading , though luck . 
  well , i 'd argue that 's not something to grief over . 
  miles better than the shitty , over-complicated system we have in austria now . 
  no , but it 's easy to hit when it fat rolls . 
  for the lazy, 
  attunement level - slots, 
  that 's why you report those griefers for abusive text chat , then the case does n't go to overwatch and valve handles it . 
  i thought they fixed that like a year ago . 
  here 's an alternative way , i suck with editing so i just used annotations . 
  `` nopen open open open ope ! '', 
  / r/minecraftsuggestions, 
   this subreddit needs to grow up . 
  as if unpopular opinions get upvoted anywhere else on reddit . . 
  he was asking _ where _ you could watch it . 
   you people really hate ~ ~ parents ~ ~ __ toddlers in movie theaters __, 
  ftfy, 
  actually , that depends on where you live . 
  publishing a photo about somebody with their face visible and without their consent can be illegal in some countries . 
  okay , i thought you were n't aware of that , sorry . 
   note , this is n't me , but is / u/awptictech, 
  np , i found it kinda funny how he completely ignored your comment before replying to it haha . 
  alright , sounds good . 
  and there 's no compatibility issues with the parts i 'm not aware of ? 
  also , i 'd actually go with the `` gigabyte - ga-z87-ds3h , s1150 , 4x ddr3 , atx ( ga-z87-ds3h ) '' mainboard , it 's cheaper at a local retailer but was n't avaiable on pcpartpicker . 
  i guess that one 's fine too ? 
  i 'm not sure why it 's almost half the price . 
  what about overclocking , can any motherboard do it ? 
  i just sent out the order for the parts . 
  very excited already . 
  thank you very much for the help , 
  i do n't know , man , dpis above a certain value are not necessary in my experience . 
  many many counterstrike progamers still use 400 dpi mice . 
  above that it just becomes a marketing number . 
  the temptation is really big , i 'd love having more space on my monitor , but as a mostly fps gamer i 'd rather stick with 120hz 1080p for now . 
  i also have an older 1080p monitor standing around so i can do a dual-monitor setup . 
  furthermore i 've heard in this sub that it 's a bit of a gamble with the korean monitors , sometimes you 'd get broken ones ( or just dead pixels ) . 
  hmm , i have n't actually ordered the monitor yet since it was n't currently avaiable at my local retailer . 
  i 'll think about it again tomorrow , for now i 'll need some sleep , 
  thanks again, 
  because you ca n't move very quickly while crouched . 
  you cq n't get into cover . 
  you asked and he answered , of course he read your comment . 
  what 's your problem excactly ? 
  thanks, 
  do it after that respective site has updated their ssl . 
  well damn . . 
  i guess changing your password now just to have it ( potentially ) stolen again wo n't help much either though . 
  / r/rainmeter, 
  been using it for almost a year , it 's so smooth . 
  as a hobby programmer i had a lot of fun with it , 
  but i agree , it 's probably more for the type of people that like linux , but still want windows . 
  aaand he 's on top . 
  welcome to / r/rainmeter !, 
  it 's definitely not for everyone . 
  for a while i had lots of different skins on , from gpu and cpu temps to skin that displayed the lyrics of the song foobar was currently playing . 
  after a while i realized how gimmicky those were and how i never used em , since i also only used my desktop directly after booting , so i removed all those and just left a clockskin , launchers ( since i removed all the icons ) and a little rss feed for a newspaper , so i can fly over the newest headlines after booting up my pc . 
  are you sure they do n't match ? 
  i 'm just gon na type / r/edm , let 's see if it exists . 
  felt a bbit unmotivated to do stuff all day long , even though i had a day off work ...
