  hahaha the old q p w trick . 
  i actually still remember getting muted for a day because i tried this a few times on an empty server in the middle of nowhere cutting yews and somebody running by probably reported me . 
  good times, 
  in ancient greek omikron + ni ( on , '' \u03bf\u03bd '' in greek letters ) is used for u. on it 's own , v is an n in greek , not an u. 
  the capital letter of v is n though . 
   then they must 've cut out a few frames during the teleport to make the video look better , because this is not how teleporting looks like in minecraft . 
  try it yourself , it wo n't look like in the video . 
  in case you did n't see my previous comment . 
  another theory i can think of would be that the 30 fps youtube caps it 's videos to might have something to do with it , but i will have to check that out later . 
  the frame only goes around the outer-most blocks . 
  try optifine , it does it already , 
  you are right . 
  my framerate pretty much doubled now o.o 280-300 fps !, 
  [ it 's actually been like that in the previous update aswell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p60paoprvim ) . 
  you could select 16 chunks , but it would still only render 8 chunks . 
  moreover , selecting more than 8 chunks would make your chunks load slower , even though it would not load more . 
  it 's weird , right ? 
  why does it act differently than normal glass ? 
  i feel like mojang is trolling us . 
  it 's the new '' - removed herobrine . '', 
   fixed boats still break on lily pads, 
  nope . 
  not fixed . 
  it 's almost hilarious by now . 
  hey you just copied my [ other comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/1o5991/minecraft_snapshot_13w41a/ccoz12z ) :p, 
  no , i was just expanding on kermakill 's explanation before . 
  in the connected texture mode in optifine , the frame only goes around the outer-most blocks out of a chunk of the same type of items . 
  i guess you got it before already :p, 
  true . 
   because it has color, 
  the normal glass also has some color , the fades and the outlines . 
  what 's new is , is the semi-transparant color . 
  no worries . 
  i was really confused when i saw it in my messages , i first thought i replied to myself or something :p, 
  i know . 
  i 'm assuming mojang had not fixed the problems described in the video yet , so they ( temporarily ? ), 
  removed the option to select more than 8 again . 
  there 's excacty 1 reason to remove the silencer now , making the weapon shorter , and it 's barely even worth mentioning . 
  now the just have to improve the demo viewer and demoui to make it more user-friendly , 
  the bullets are more accurate now . 
  there 's 2 things making the bullets go somewhere else than your crosshair . 
  each guns unique spray pattern ( which is always the same ) makes the bullets go mainly up and to the sides . 
  secondly the inaccuracy which makes the bullets go a little bit random . 
  the higher the inaccuracy , the more random the bullets will go . 
  so , for the burst buff , they removed part of that randomness . 
  can someone please fix this gif , the small hiccup is so annoying : /, 
  2 reasons not worth mentioning . 
  we 're getting there !, 
  my framerate actually improved . 
  what 's your graphics card ? 
  this is very , very nice . 
  please keep us updated on reddit !, 
   i 'm looking forward to your next csgo content analysis . 
  try it in the new snapshot . 
  it 's not working anymore . 
  spawn lottery . 
  god-dammit valve , why did you ruin the deathmatch spawning a couple of updates ago ? 
  it used to work so well !, 
  that 's how it used to work for me , now i ca n't do it anymore . . : / weird, 
  another big problem i have is the ultra long spawn protection you have . 
  who needs 15 seconds to spawn ? 
  it just sucks running around and suddey somebody spawns in front of you , who can just take his time to aim on your head while you ca n't shoot him . 
  i would turn the spawnprotection down to 1 or 2 seconds, 
  yep . 
  it 's utterly annoying . 
  not sure how they messed that up , i think it went along with them trying to fix spotting through smokes or something along those lines . 
  before , you could n't spawn somewhere where an enemy had line of sight on you ( i think ) , but now this mechanic seems to be disabled , and you just spawn randomly . 
  does n't matter if there 's a guy literally 1 meter away . 
  i bought it when it came out and got it 's price back twice just by selling bravo cases and weapons i got . 
  if they fixed the spawn-system so you wo n't spawn next to enemies , that would be no problem . 
  also , you can only buy a weapon and maybe a pistol in dm anyways , takes around 1 second . 
  if you press the highest one at the right speed , it actually sounds like `` i 'm fucking you ah ah ! '', 
  repeated . 
  haha i love this . 
  i like to think of the red ball as a sun , the orange as a planet and the white was a moon . 
  sadly , the moon crashed into the planet it had been following :(, 
  you are correct . 
  he 's looking at colon at the time . 
  there 's also torches appearing out of nowhere . 
  wallpaper please ? 
  and you 2 wo n't be the only two . 
  who cares, 
  thank you very much . 
  what ? 
  how would you see future shots when you play it backwards then ? 
  i 'm curious now ... what _ happened _ in the 90 's ? 
  a guy in my school was called iwaszcievic . 
  i 'm 70 % sure i spelled that correctly . 
  might have forgotten a ` z ' somewhere . 
  if you still have one i 'd take it , 
  i wonder where this is from ? 
  that bus looks a lot like those in salzburg , austria . 
  he ` sjust another downvote hunter . 
  just report/downvote when he is commenting nonsense . 
  i 've just seen edgy around a few times , always with weird comments that got negative karma . 
  woah ... 
  yup , there 's f.lux for on ios !, 
  probably the main reason i miss having my phone jailbroken . . 
  more than anectotadelly . 
  there 's studies about the effect of ` cold ' and ` warm ' light on people 's sleep .
