  in what country ? 
  in mine ( austria ) it is legal for you to watch it , but illegal for the streamer ( usually ) . 
  just commenting because nobody ever writes their country in a country-specific question . 
  rule nr 2, 
   `` blabla '' is a psychpath and reddit needs to finally see that . 
  no i do n't have sources or reasons . 
  edit : omg why the downvotes . 
  you are right , but did n't phrase it properly for everyone to understand what you mean , i think . 
  as others have said , the purpose of eli5 is to ask questions where the `` normal '' answer would be too difficult to understand for a layman . 
  subs like / r/answers is for questions where the answer is n't gon na be complex and scientific . 
  also , starting a comment with `` i do n't know the answer but ... '' is an easy way to get downvotes in this sub , 
  i actually hate that . 
  why would flashes go through smoke ? 
  why would flashes in a smoke flash anybody ? 
  i 'm not sure how it was in previous versions of cs , but i think it is actually intended to work like that . 
  i do n't like it , though . 
  nice , but can you change `` mg 's '' with `` riflers '' ? 
  i got really confused there for a moment , who the hell buys the machineguns ? 
  thinking of downvoting just because photobucket ... :p, 
  `` show my flair on this subreddit '', 
  not sure what rank you are , but the p90 is really powerful ( many people including myself would love to see it nerfed ) , my friend who is a few ranks lower than me just sprayed down the whole enemy team in mm , even though they were around my rank . 
  you have to know it 's strengths though . 
  one of it is the high amount of bullets , spraying is highly recommended with this gun . 
  another one is that it is basically as accurate while moving as while standing , so just run left and right to avoid getting hit and just spray in the general area of your enemy . 
  usually works , i have big problems with people doing that to me sometimes , because of the high movement speed they are hard to hit while their aim is accurate . 
  it 's true though , a m4/ak _ usually _ is the better weapon , and p90 's do give you bad habits . 
  mg is short for machinegun , which you used a lot for ak/m4 players . 
   the mg 's spent around 4,000-5 ,000 ( 8,000-5 ,000 +1900 = 4900 ) . 
  he can buy himself and ... 
  here for example . 
  :p that 's why i was confused, 
  they do n't go to overwatch . 
  hehe , 
  well , i usually buy a negev last round if the score is something like 15-5 for my team . 
  just for fun , 
  it 's first 2-3 shots are surprisingly accurate . 
  apparently to speak the rolling r your tongue has to be in a similar position than when speaking an l. that 's the theory behind it . 
  and apparently it works for some people , not for me though . 
  nvm , wrong thread . 
  stupid mobile browser . 
  oh , that 's why the red lines are _ * _ negative at the left side of the graph, 
  so what ? 
  i 'm not on facebook very often , and it fits this subreddit . 
  it does n't need to be converted into a crappy . gif first though . 
  why not just link to the vine page ? 
  google translate !, 
  ... hehe, 
  \\* * explosion sound * \\* terrorists win !, 
  i heard calling out reposters is quite fun ... 
  which does n't mean it ca n't piss again in another 10 minutes . 
  according to your source , there 's no sunset when it 's very cloudy . 
  i hate op 's who do n't write their sources ... 
  i did n't even notice the cars !, 
  they look creepy . 
  source ? 
  now do it in portrait mode . 
  a classmate sharpened his pinky in primary school . 
  he literally wanted sharp fingers , so he could stab fruits or whatever you would do with sharp fingers . 
  maybe , nice thinking . 
  well , that 's a little bit too hot , is n't it ? 
  thank you !, 
  that was a very interesting article . 
  so the myth actually came from psychologists misinterpreting some neuroscientists . 
  my bad , i had downloaded the new dev-build . 
  no , i was wrong , i had the newest dev-build , which is apparently out-of-beta already , i forgot about that . 
  yea , they get the traffic , but not the ad money . 
  12th september , in 5 days . 
  the dev-build i was playing on is going to be the release version ( w / some bugfixes probably ) . 
  that 's why i thought it was already released . 
  awwww . . :(, 
  i have n't encountered such a bug myself before while playing , it 's quite a rare occurence . 
  but yea , even then it should be fixed , hopefully :p, 
  yes . 
  fun bugs are the best bugs , 
  i ca n't even imagine doing this in my country . 
  i 've been to australia , and yea , it would be a lot less awkward there , but here in europe all you would get from asking a stranger `` how are you ? '', 
  would be a bewildered look and a gruff `` do i know you ? '', 
  if you even get any answer at all . 
  this is more than a small annoyance for me . 
  i loose so much time quickswitching before the reload animation is over and then having to reload again . 
  i just ca n't stop doing it . 
  i do n't even rubberband and still get killed behind cover . 
  i just think , `` fuck he wallbanged me '' but no , the killfeed shows no wallbang , even though there was a wall inbetween me and the enemy when i died . 
  ~ 25 ping . 
  happens way too much . 
  there is a command to disable them ... cl_enablehtmlmotd 0 or something along those lines . 
  and the daily rant goes on . 
  still no message from valve . 
  wow , this is really annoying . 
  luck . 
  quickscoping is pretty much as accurate as noscoping . 
  depending on how long you are scoped in , it gets more and more accurate ( until after about 1 second it is fully accurate ), 
  aaaand first word in the title spoiled the pun already . 
  it 's better in csgo than in bf3 , definitely . 
  does n't mean it could n't be better , though . 
  i do n't know anything about the true technical limitations and how far you can push it though . 
  maybe it is as good as possible , maybe not . 
  sometimes it seems to be a lot more than that though . 
  i ca n't really give you any numbers , but it just makes me a bit angry everytime i die after being behind cover for what seems a full second already . 
  it does for the famas,
