  somebody posted this already . 
  you wo n't improve that much . 
  count on 10-20 % . 
  i agree with simen and wish you best of luck !, 
  mic spamming players do n't get to overwatch though . 
  only those who get reported for wall , aim or `` other '' hacking and griefers , of course . 
  mic spamming is `` voice chat abuse '' . 
  you should play some more , if you feel there have been too many hackers , then do n't . 
  but please report all hackers you see , even if they are just very fishy and you are n't 100 % sure . 
  if they do n't really hack , they wo n't get banned , so do n't feel bad about reporting . 
  i have them , they are really good , but as weenus said , they are very fragile . 
  they look fragile , they even feel fragile . 
  especially the thin plastic parts at the top . 
  i 've had them for just a few weeks now though , and they have n't broken so far :p but i 'm being very careful with them . 
  apart from that , the sound quality is quite good and they feel and look nice ( at least my white ones :p ) . 
  for that price , i 'd go for them . 
  really ? 
  o.o i 've been overwatching for a while now , dunno how many , but i 've seen plenty of hackers ( maybe a third of my cases ? ) . 
  even some at gold nova level that were playing * terrible * , but had an aimbot . 
  usually they have aimbots that just lock onto the enemy and do n't do anything against recoil , so all their shots go above the enemy . 
  pretty fun stuff to watch sometimes . 
  i have binds to skip boring parts of the session ( no enemies around , running from spawn to sites , defusing , etc. ), 
  so the sessions are a lot shorter than 10 minutes . 
  can confirm , we 're having loads of troubles with the lobbies as well . 
  usually making a new lobby fixes the problems , but it get 's really annoying from time to time , sometimes people need to restart their games or even steam to get it working again ... 
  for example , you ca n't leave the match before it 's over or you will receive a matchmaking cooldown . 
  same when you deal too much teamdamage ( around 300 points i believe ), 
  actually , there is ( or has been ) a very small chance that somebody had a tilted screen even though he was n't using the hack , it was a gotv/demo viewer bug . 
  not sure if fixed . 
  would n't it be technically possible to make a game hackproof by doing all calculations server * side ? 
  of course , this is practically not an option . 
  uh , yea , corrected . 
  yea , that 's why i said it is not an option . 
  the latency would be way too high , and there 's probably many other issues with it . 
  it works for other type of games , that 's why eg . 
  dota2 does n't have such a hacker problem . 
  bots * will * shoot you through that wooden part . 
  almost got killed by a bot in matchmaking that way . _ . 
  borderlands 2 !, 
  get a. . green one ? 
  xpost it to / r/unexpected !, 
  look at his hands . 
  no , `` essen '' is the first/third person plural and the infinitive . 
  `` ich '' needs the first person singular , which is `` esse '' . 
  you also have to write the playerpath , for example here 's mine :, 
  playerpath = `` c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ itunes \\ itunes.exe '', 
   either way the system will always remained flawed and if you desperately want to climb the ranks i suggest you play with a premade . 
  that 's not really the point of this post . 
  he does n't want to climb the rankladder , he wants a rank that fits him and fair matches . 
  we do n't need a perfect solution , we need one that is better than the current . 
  only if you play with people your own rank . 
  every time i play with friends that have a different skill level , the matches are terribly unbalanced . 
  if i play with them ( ~ gn3 ) a lot , they start gaining ranks ( even if they play bad ) while i start ranking down . 
  i played with those friends for at least 2 months , and i 've been distinguished master guardian for half that time , never ranking up . 
  after playing a few with randoms and some of my skill level , i ranked up twice within a week . 
  those friends lost rank after rank since i played less with them . 
  not at all , those friends of mine actually often do n't get a more kills than 4-5 and 20 deaths and still rank up . 
  that is what is wrong with the current ranksystem . 
  a rws-system like stated by many others works very well in esea , why do n't use it in mm ? 
  it really should not require that much effort , although i might underestimate that . 
  i ca n't really answer on that fifflaren example because i do n't watch enough nip games . 
  i heard he does n't get that many kills lately because he is stuck with the awp role even though he 's a rifler ? 
  how did you achieve the ink spatter effect ? 
  just browse on deviantart.com for rainmeter skins , you can find heaps of interesting skins there . 
  why do n't you like me ? 
  ah , i was thinking custom font or something . 
  `` neinite '', 
  yea , it was aweful having to switch cd 's when you went into a different area . 
  the graphics were amazing though for it 's time . 
  plus the game was actually difficult . 
  if you just gained a rank , 3 consecutive wins will rank you up every time in my experience . 
  if you loose one game on the new rank , it takes a lot more wins to get another rankup . 
  well , if you just got demoted , it also takes more than 3 wins to get back up , usually . 
  it only takes a few looses to rank down even further though . 
  huh , did n't know you could . 
  the ranking system is very ambiguous . 
  meh , in cases it can be quite good since it gives you the ability to `` 1-shot '' people if you hit 2 of the bullets in his head . 
  it 's not that hard really , just pull down after clicking and you have a good chance of getting a quick kill . 
  this obviously only works in very close combat . 
   you do n't need to buy in the first second . 
  press tab and check the money of your mates . 
  if they 're poor check if they already bought :p . even without macro and without shortcuts , buying will take 3 seconds max , so wait at least the first 5 seconds before you buy anything . 
  that 's kinda stupid . 
  winning the pistol round usually means you get 2 more rounds aswell , so investing 500-800 is defenitely recommended . 
  i hate it when people do n't buy nades or at least armor in the pistol round . 
  the enemies will have an advantage over you if you do n't , and if you loose the round , you loose 2 more ( usually ) . 
  also , since most enemies wo n't have armor , the he is a lot more effective , especially on ct side . 
  a good nade can get an unarmored guy down to ~ 10 hp . 
  hahahaha . 
  typical reddit , one guy does n't know how global elite looks like and downvotes , more downvotes follow just because the commentscore is already low . 
  oh yea , damn i ca n't read . 
  of course , buying in the very first second after spawning is stupid as well , always check if your teammates have enough money , too , or you will either have an half-ass eco which will probably make you loose , causing another half-assed eco round , or your teammates have to forcebuy a famas/galil or even a smg . 
  if not at least 3 of your teammates have enough money to buy ( on t 3700 + / ct 4000 + ) , do n't buy yourself and call out an eco round instead . 
  it happens way too often that people just buy and then recognise that their teammates are broke and need to eco . 
  it really hurts your economy as a team . 
  well , my country is pink noise . . go austria !, 
  pretty good , i 'd like it even more with all the stuff in the black area gone though , idk , it does n't seem to fit that well . 
  thanks for making me laugh for at least 2 hours . 
  / r/internetisbeautiful is great . 
  get res to save comments ,
