  doubt it . 
  maybe it fixes players being able to just run against a wall , which looks like you run into the wall for other players . 
  as long as you keep running against it , other players ca n't see you . 
  listen to this guy , i 've learnt it the hard way . 
  for double the price you get half the performance . 
  we do n't really know yet , but people in 300-500 years might say the same thing ... or humanity is gone by then !, 
  `` simple '', 
  there 's been a mod out forever now that does that . 
  would be nice to have in the main game though . 
  yea not and not rhyme _ perfectly _, 
  netherrack can be mined a lot quicker than stone , especially with efficiency . 
  that would just make the nether op and make ores abundant . 
  that 's not a proper counter-argument . 
  if you could mine stone in 0.1 seconds per block , you would need a new pickaxe quicker aswell , but you can still mine just as many blocks with the pickaxe . 
  for me it 's 20 % lucky players , 50 % where i have no idea why they were even reported and 30 % cheaters . 
  well that p90 guy you killed last was the only one who did n't get blinded , but he also completely ignored you until all of his teammates were down . 
  wtf was he doing ? 
  omg he 's silver 1 lololol so funny . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the background , kinda . 
  the skins , not so much . 
  also , rule 1, 
  ffs almost everybody is getting fps boosts and mine drop from steady 100fps down to 50 at times now . 
  game is unplayable ... again . 
  just after i managed to fix the fps problems i had 2 weeks ago , now they are back again - . -, 
  it 's like the game is not using my gpu anymore , it 's always at around 30-50 % usage while playing , it used to be at 80 % before . 
  really ? 
  i went from steady 100 fps to 60-70 , dropping even lower than that at times . 
  am i really the only one getting less fps now ? 
  also , every server i play on now ( valve or not ) seem to have a very fluctuating sv value , i 'm rubberbanding and just lagging in general . 
  wtf . 
  edit : well glad i 'm at least not the only one . 
  let 's hope for a fix . 
  or stick with 7 until ms releases a normal windows again and not a compromise . 
  really nice !, 
  but has n't the whole left & right creative & logical brain theory gotten debunked a while ago ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.livescience.com/39373-left-brain-right-brain-myth.html ) the first article about that i could find on google . 
  touchscreen vs mouse . 
  win8 tries to be both , and half-asses both . 
  i still have no idea what to do with the metro stuff on a desktop pc . 
  good point actually , even though you 're getting downvoted already . 
  it is rebuilt excactly the same as it was before though . 
  so , if -- , 
   your consciousness is anything more than specifically arranged molecules, 
  is not the case , then it basically transfers your whole consciousness . 
  is n't the increasing carbon dioxid the dangerous stuff ? 
  i have n't heard about an oxygen poisoning before , but i 'll look it up . 
  yea , excactly . 
  would n't the original get destroyed it 's basically `` you '' two times , each `` you '' living from there , gaining new experiencing and slowly getting more and more `` different '' solely on their experiences from that point on . 
  their past knowledge would be the same though . 
  and decreased odds because they already played on the same map for 2 hours , 
  i hope that brought a quick end to this novelty account . 
  yea , i actually rather play on valves dm server now than on any 128 tic deathmatch server i 've found , they all lag and rubberband and all kinds of shit . 
  it 's horrible . 
  i 've read 5 different numbers in this thread now , and nobody provided a source . 
  i do n't believe any single one of you now . 
  all 5 would have to vote yes for a surrender . 
  i doubt many teams would surrender after 11-4 halves , it 's hard enough to get 4 guys to vote yes at times . 
  the vote spam would n't bother me too much either since they fixed the stupidly big vote boxes and since you ca n't see the other teams vote boxes anymore . 
  this would spare me from wasting my time against obvious hackers and smurfers . 
  the upsides outweigh the downsides for me . 
  because after 2 hours you might want to take a break ? 
  i need at least 10 minutes break after each game , i do n't know about you , but after 3 hours of staring into the screen and concentrating like i do in mm i 'd get a headache probably . 
  plus i do n't want to play the same map all day . 
  that 's excactly what i was looking for . 
  as a cs player you really notice it in bf . 
  i could n't stand bf3 for that reason ( the crappy hitreg and general lag ) , and i guess bf4 wo n't be any better then . 
  i agree , same with / r/perfectloops . 
  every time i pointed out why a gif is n't perfect i got downvoted so far , even if i try to be nice about it . 
   its the same for both teams, 
  _ that _ argument again . 
  let 's just make the deagle completely op , because `` it 's the same for both teams '', 
  no it does n't . 
  stop spreading false facts without checking, 
  proof : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ch0qcp2m_iy#t=107, 
  your second statement is true , though . 
  just because it 's the same for everyone does n't mean it 's good for the game . 
  of course it _ does _ . 
  it 's still bullshit to tell him to stop complaining , because just because it affects both teams does n't mean that it 's a good game mechanic . 
  you did n't understand my comment . 
  hey no problem . 
  if people would comment instead of downvoting maybe we could even have a discussion !, 
  so . . can we please have a respawn button during the alpha phase ? 
  i 'd suggest you ca n't respawn until your character is at least 30-60 minutes old to prevent mass suicide . 
  i know it works the way you described , but i 'm not sure why they did n't just make it a fixed 5-7 minutes timer . . 
  bad title . 
  also , it 's an anti-eco ace , you 're not the one doing the eco . 
  / semanticsnazi, 
  on topic : every time i try to wallbang , i get ridiculously low damage like 32 in 4 or 89 in 10 and stuff like that . 
  i 've never played 1.6 , so do n't call me a fanboy , but i really wish wallbanging was stronger in cs . 
  every update on wallbanging seems to nerf it more though :(, 
  yup , also happens if somebody joins a game or goes offline after you opened the context menu on a player . 
  for some stupid reason the context menu is bound to what player is in a certain `` slot '' on the friendslist , if the player moves the context menu suddenly belongs to whoever moved in his place . 
  i 've gotten into arguments over that already by inviting somebody after we were already 5 people . 
  why not teleport yourself really far down ? 
  maybe make a clock with a command block that teleports you down by 100 or so every tick to speed up the fall . 
  this is my problem . 
  everytime i watch a video about a cool new invention i hop into the game in my creative world and just run in circles until i get bored again because i a n't think of anything interesting to build . 
  they also open up so many possibilities it 's almost ridiculous . 
  maybe he tried replying valdark .
