  at smc/ge , there 's probably loads . 
  what people also do n't seem to realize is how to use the scope effectively . 
  you can still use the weapon without the scope just fine , the scope just should n't be used at short-mid distances . 
  also , the recoil is so different from the other guns , you have to spend some time to get used to it or you wo n't be able to hit more than 2 shots in a spray . 
  you have a point , it 's just really situational . 
  and it makes the gun pretty great . 
   i watch every damn match on 2 steam acc and i did n't get drop . 
  uhh , here we have one guy . 
  i did n't get one either , who cares . 
  all the drop and cases stuff is a gamble anyways . 
  this was hosted on liveleak so i expected just a comment like yours . 
  he got what he wanted : seeing them rage like that . 
  at least read the whole wikibot comment before trying to be smart . 
  well , i guess that link can be seen by others too , who would just use it first ? 
  that looked disgustingly delicious ... 
  just one question : why ? 
  especially adding 2 gamerules for something like this seems ... weird . 
  found it, 
  well , i do n't get 2 ) & 3 ) , but the scoreboard bug is really annoying . 
  i always restarted the game when i had that . 
  the buy menu bug has been in since the beta , afaik . 
  they never bothered to fix it . 
  i know i made a post or comment about it about half a year back . 
  yep ... 
  the idea of having limited uses for a certain spray just seems like an even bigger cash-milking than the skins already are . 
  having different sprays as buyable ( and droppable ) items is okay if you get to use them unlimited times imo . 
  second time in 3 days ... 
  edit : for the record , the guy i replied to said `` often ? 
  first time in years . '', 
  and since they 're getting tons of cash for skins . 
  and since their servers are still 64 tick only . 
  i think you replied to the wrong guy . . 
  apparently we 're back , but it ca n't find a server for me with a reasonable ping . 
  always says `` raise your acceptable matchmaking ping '', 
  good to see we 're not the only ones . 
  we do n't want to play on servers with 100 + ping , we 're not gon na raise it . 
  well , let 's play the waiting game . 
  the way i found one is just by playing mm and inviting people . 
  eventually got into a group that already had a ts server and everything , stuck with them since . 
  worked now . 
  i think they fixed the issues . 
  sounds like the easiest ink afk farm ever . 
  and i always thought it was just people missing the l key on the keyboard ... because i sometimes misplace my hands and then write everything basically one button to the side , like zjod for example , 
  if i lower my resolution without gaining any fps at all ( even when going from 1080p to 800x600 ) , is it a cpu bottleneck ? 
  or gpu ? 
  it 's weird , my i7 is supposed to have 8 threads but it 's only showing 4 in the taskmanager and ressource manager . 
  is something wrong ? 
  damn , this topic makes me quite emotional . 
  if i just think that somewhere , maybe millions of lightyears away , there 's some other species on their own planet , living abouts in their own world , maybe fighting their own wars , maybe even looking for others in space , but unable to find anyone , i 'm getting this strange feeling , reminds me of the `` sonder '' feeling . 
  just thinking about the scale of the universe sends shivers down my spine, 
  it 's a different thing if you have to build complicated automatic systems or if you can just stand next the mob . 
  the bug does affect players . 
  i 've clipped through walls in arma2 already , consequently falling to my death , and i 've seen videos of the same thing happening in dayz sa aswell . 
  which is good , the comments here are a joke ... good on you . 
  as long as many people play a game , there will be hacks and cheating tools for it . 
  as ling as scripters can sell their scripts and makes loads of money , they will make more scripts . 
  depending on the type of game , cheating can be prevented more or less . 
  in mobas , it 's easier since the server will do all the calculations . 
  for fps games , too much server side calculation would introduce noticable lag and unresponsiveness . 
  the hwid thing ? 
  i do n't think making a spoofer will be much work for the hack-coders . . : /, 
  did n't notice that only 2 options where selected out of the 10 by any players , and it was 99 to 1 between these ? 
   faaaake, 
  did n't mojang get quite a few new devs by now ? 
  i 'd miss nuke too much , but apart from it i 'd have no issue as long as the new maps are good !, 
  update java , fixed that bug for me . 
  update java , fixed that bug for me . 
  update java , fixed that bug for me . 
  uhm , i 'm an emt and this is bullshit . 
  at least in my country . 
  no , i 'm from austria . 
  we ( usually ) do have to stop and send another ambulance to our destination if we have an accident on the way ( even if it 's just minor damage and we could drive on ) . 
  [ relevant chessnetwork video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bk5qdj715zw&amp;list=uucdoqrpqlqkvctckzqarxlg ), 
  weird , i had the excact same problem since a few snapshots ago and updating java fixed it . 
  good luck !, 
  % s is probably a variable , looks like the game instead of printing out the value of that variable ( the usual kickmessage ) just prints out it 's name . 
  huh . . 
  in supermarkets where i live , usually when there 's a deal like that it will say something like : 2.35 $ per box ^ if ^ you ^ take ^ 2 ^ or ^ more . 
  and then , even smaller , the original price if you only buy one . 
  still a bit misleading because the cheaper price is the one displayed big and red , so if you do n't look carefully you do n't see that it 's only when you buy 2 . 
  source ? 
  * all providers in your area in the us, 
  yup , typical technology , science or til frontpage posts usually have a top comment calling the title bullshit . 
  you know , i 'm eagle , and i played with 4 dmgs the other day , we got smcs and global elites in the other team , and compared to the even we played like shit haha . 
  it was pretty bad , at the end they just rushed us as cts and still managed to win rounds that way because their aim was just too good . 
  this is a video game though , your view is from the middle of your head , not from both eyes . 
  if you 'd put the camera in the left eye , both players could see each other in this situation , but then it would be even worse if you peeked with your right eye first . 
   the advantage will be inverted . 
  yea , but only in this instance . 
  yea , the viewing scope is too far left for the orange guy , but even if he was looking straight towards the blue guy , the wall would stay the same and he could n't see more , so w/e . 
  it 's not working . 
  has anyone downvoting the post actually ever tied rewinding ? 
  - . - try it before commenting . 
  it 's not working, 
  excaxtly , thus my post . 
  5 bots in a row , that 's too awesome . 
  the bigger problem i have with this is that it would make them unpushable by pistons , breaking many contraptions . 
  you do n't have to be a super redstone genius to know a t flip flop . 
  learning about basic redstone contraptions has been the most rewarding thing in mc so far for me . 
  nowadays redstone and commandblocks are the only thing that keeps me interested after owning the game since beta 1.2 .
