  but i 'm having so much trouble with melee heroes . 
  i get stout shield when i 'm the farmer , but i still always take so much harrass that i get zoned out and ca n't farm safely anymore . 
  also , i just ca n't play vs a silencer or a skywrath . . everytime i lane against of either i will loose if they are at least decent with the hero . 
  both will just spam their spells over and over until i 'm out of regen ( and out of mana vs silencer ) , and i wo n't be able to get any farm . 
  if i try to stay i usually die . 
  this is especially bad when i 'm a melee hero . 
  i had to lane with a dual melee lane vs sky and pugna a little bit back , they wrecked us completly . 
  got too close to the creeps , bam , decrepify and 3 nukes and you were dead . 
  what the fuck do i do in such a situation ? 
  what can i do if my lane is bad ? 
  sadly my teammates often pick weird/unneccessary heroes if i firstpick ( and even if not ) and then we end up with lanes like [ alchemist and techies vs tinker + witchdoc ] ( http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/879735520 ) . 
  that was an all random game , but still , is there anything i could 've done to get farm without dying constantly ? 
  that 's about it . 
  if i pick a ranged carry i 'll usually do fine , but, 
  yes dual lanes suck at my level , but trying to persuade my teammates to do anything but them is pretty impossible unless somebody jungles and i can go solo offlane . 
  and even that fails sometimes , i had a game today where my teammates picked 1 mid hero , 1 jungler and 1 farming carry , so i called solo offlane and picked timber , then the last guy picks death prophet and goes with me offlane even though i said 3 times i will solo . 
  how does matchmaking work in unranked games anyways ? 
  i feel like my teammates are usually under my `` level '' in unranked games , i regularly get supports that last hit and shit like that . 
  and it totally changed . 
  the combat system is weird , there 's _ some _ p2w stuff going on from what i 've seen . 
  i think it was good to quit the game when i did ... 
  edit : ok i exaggerated the p2w a bit , but i just hate that stuff . 
  ultimate is magical, 
  well yea i did read your comment but i did n't know the video changed without the url changing . . 
  i did n't know that was possible . 
  i thought you posted the new video with the old time or something idk . 
  yes please . 
  i have n't actually played minecraft multiplayer in 1\u00a01/2 years , but i still remember having problems with a griefer stealing items and just hiding them in an enderchest . 
  we had no way of checking his enderchest without installing some bukkit plugin . 
  well , i guess they were trying to snatch the phone to get rid of the evidence . 
  ha , yea , of course they are still dumb as fuck . 
  i 'm just guessing that was their thought process for attacking that guy . 
   bestof really means nothing ~ ~ anymore ~ ~, 
  i remember people saying that phrase since i joined reddit . 
  it 's nice for utility , but does n't give you the movespeed and mana regen . 
  main reason i quit dayz for now . 
  so many bullshit deaths . 
  i 'm always looking for `` reduced desync '' in the patch notes , but it 's never there : /, 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp3d051ux3g&amp;list=pllb2_ifsgfvkj2k7l1iy1bddgs8gphr-m#t=50 ) 's one of my experiences with desync . 
  you can mod the game to revert that change for that gamemode . 
  you can make dungeons spawn anything you want , a non vanilla gamemode is not an argument for a balancing issue . 
  they are doing so much work to the engine that they even gave it a new name . 
  they definitely can do something about it , question is if they ever will . 
  that 's better than many american redditors from what i 've read on here . 
  some horror stories i tell you . 
  and auntie is ? 
  `` subtly '' throw the game, 
  ok maybe not , 
  why would i be dcing ? 
  i got a very decent internet connection , do n't have any problems like this in any other game other than dayz , and _ constantly _ in dayz . 
  i do n't even think it 's the other guys fault , it 's just poor server performance , netcode and so on . 
  also , i said in the video that he did shoot , but on my client he only shot one single time . 
  then 6 seconds nothing happened . 
  for 6 whole seconds . 
  that 's basically 6000ms ping . 
  i have never experienced anything like that in another game . 
  edit : maths, 
  yes indeed . 
   probably the guy who tps to side shop at the start to plant some mines . 
  `` hehe , they 'll never suspect that i 've placed mines here ! '', 
  queue enemy first blood on techies . 
  were you in my game today ? 
  secretly ? 
  was n't the acquisition all over r/minecraft about a year ago ? 
  if you just post them like that then bots will be the only ones who get them sadly . 
  `` easy as shooting gnats ! '', 
  it 's like farming with qop 's ulti , with agha the cd 's short enough to do it . 
  or move click . 
  i think it 's the m button by default . 
  yea . . you do n't have to fuck up big to get ddosed . 
  it 's very easy to acquire somebodies ip . 
  i speak from experience , some kid decided to ddos me over some argument in minecraft a couple years ago , lol . 
  could be done with some command block trickery i 'm sure !, 
  actually , i might aswell fire up mc , it 's been a while , but this is interesting . 
  you probably have to manually make some smooth borders though . 
   if your hands are colder than the room then, 
  then you are probably dead . 
  or you 're in a sauna . 
  running . 
  heh , first time i got it on her i thought i 'd get twice the ghosts if i just used the ultimate twice in a row ... damnit . 
  he can be played as lane support . 
  damn , you pit a lot of effort into this post !, 
  i love it !, 
  very well done and looks very nice . 
  eh , just make it like sound mods in insurgency or announcers in dota2 , the weapons only sound like that for you . 
  make `` sound packs '' where all the weapon sounds get changed , * not * sounds for individual weapons which makes your weapon sound different to others . 
  as far as i understand it , if anyone that is already magnetized gets withing 300 of a stone , everyone within 600 gets magnetized/refreshed , which is why you have to put the stones down closer to an already magnetized target than one you want to magnetize . 
  heh , here 's a video from january 2011 ( ! ), 
  yea , same in austria . 
  would be nice though , encouraging safe behaviour and all that . 
  i 'm austrian , but we have the same thing i believe . 
  it 's called a `` vignette '' , and you have to buy one to drive on highways . 
  there 's usually different versions ( yearly , monthly , etc. ), 
  and it 's basically a proof of payment for the highway toll . 
  so i just checked wikipedia , and we actually have a relatively low tax on gas compared to our neighbor countries . 
  0,48 $ per liter . 
  this causes people fromother countries to cross the country just to fill up their cars !, 
  according to wikipedia 25 % from petrol profit comes from foreigners . 
  it 's only so `` cheap '' here because we have a much higher insurance tax though , so we pay more per car , but less per liter of petrol . 
  i think it 'd make more sense the other way around for the readon you said already , tax people who drive a lot more .
