  i said if i 'm in a hurry and i need to cut those minutes , then why not . 
  where i live , i have 2 bus stops within 200 meters of my home . 
  and i can exit the bus about 100 meter from work . 
  that might just be lucky , but our city has a pretty good transportation system in general . 
  he could take it excactly one round , in which he instead decided to safe his knight , before he took excactly that bishop with the pawn . 
  not `` a few '' rounds, 
  regional southern dialect . 
  in some parts of austria and bavaria we call it just `` kas '' . 
  i like how you got gold but not op . 
  ... why ? 
  while we 're all here gaining knowledge . . what do the votes actually do but boost my tiny ego ? 
  austria is at . 
  honestly . . why not ? 
  sometimes you need to save space ( first thing coming to mind are our license plates in europe , they all have the country codes on them ) . 
  it 's faster to write and still carries the same meaning , at least for people familiar with the codes . 
  this message is so annoying, 
  for me , it was more of an opportunity thing : he went on an exchange semester around the world for half a year , and we decided to open up our `` relationship '' while he 's away ( both males in our 20s btw ) . 
  i only put quotation marks here because we never were really together , so i 'm not sure if it actually counts for you . 
  we 've pretty much had a normal relationship i guess , but we had to keep it secret since we both were n't out to anyone , and it was a bit weird all around . 
  was n't ( is n't ) easy honestly , jelousy and sadness hit both of us a couple of times . 
  but we managed to talk through everything and are still going , at least i think we are . 
  time 's are tough , the future is dark . 
  not sure if we even live near each other when he comes back . 
  on the other hand , i 've had some pretty good sex , even with a girl for my first time , which went pretty well ( three times with her actually before she developed feelings and we broke it off ) . 
  i 've come out to all my friends ( him not being here made it easier , because he did n't want to come out and people would 've been suspicious since we used to spend so much time together ) , and on the other hand he came to terms with his sexuality a lot more , and might be ready to come out aswell pretty soon . 
  all in all it was worth it , even when we definitely hit some low points on the way . 
  i often wonder if people like him do that on porpoise . . 
  gravity does n't `` decay '' that quickly over distance . 
  is n't the r in that equation from center of mass to center of mass ? 
  if the gas planet is really that massive , the r is already pretty big at ground level , and would n't increase ( relatively speaking ) significantly much on any tower you could realisticly build . 
  a couple km up gravity would still be pretty strong , even on a not-so-gignatic planet . 
  reminds me , how would you go about building a tower on a * gas planet * ? 
  i 've had lots of trouble with gdrive aswell . 
  it often randomly crashes , sometimes in the background , so it just stops syncing files without me realizing . 
  when it does display an error , it just says `` error : none '' or some nonesense like that . 
  have n't found a fix so far , and yes , i 've tried reinstalling . 
  another issue i have with it is that you ca n't manually have it start syncing . 
  sometime it just wo n't download something i have just backed up on another device until half an hour later or so , or until i completely restart the application , which is annoying as fuck . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm going mad or something , but where did i say `` i agree '' ? 
  i have set up the folder . 
  that 's the one that 's causing me the trouble . 
  i put files in there , and sometimes they do n't sync . 
  or i put files in on another computer , and then they do n't show up on the first one . 
  using the web interface works fine all the time , so i sometimes just resort to that . 
  if it were different then every problem which runs in at least linear time would be considered unsolved given a large enough input . 
  no , it meant it like `` on the other hand , i 've had lots of problems with it aswell '', 
  it does work most of the time , but it has issues aswell . 
  the `` originally published '' link at the bottom is broken , just leads to a 404 . 
  torrents, 
  okay , fair enough . 
  it 's used a bit different in my mother tongue , i will keep that in mind . 
  that does n't make it less ridiculous . 
  anyways , you can kiss my man-loving ass . 
  nobody is praising ea in this thread . 
  you guys need to read . 
  haha i watched the german version in the cinema so i thought they translated that intentionally . 
  me and my friends just burst out laughing when we heard that line , that it 's supposed to be in icelandic makes it even funnier haha . 
  for me , it did n't allow me to relate better , it just made the whole movie hilariously bad . 
  we had a lot of fun watching it , but i would n't recommend it to anyone who does n't really love corny american action movies , if not for that damn camera shake alone . 
  i 'm a software engineering student doing my bachelors . 
  i got into ml this summer for an internship at a local small it company . 
  i got paid implementing a small log reg classifier in scikit . 
  definitely learnt a lot , and my boss seemed pretty pleased with the first results . 
  it really is pretty easy once you grasp the basic concepts . 
  yes , obviously . 
  but scikit works just fine for the companies use cases . 
  no reason to dive deeper than that for a start at least . 
  it 's not usually like that on desktop pcs , but in laptops it often works like that with ( windows ) laptops in my experience . 
  one of the reasons humans developed a sense of `` bad smell '' is to avoid stuff that makes them sick . 
  same goes for bad taste . 
  woosh, 
  now i 'm slightly pissed they did n't sync the door with the song in the movie . . 
  but it 's not perfect :(, 
  i think it 's too late for that . . 
  umm , i never said or wrote that :p, 
  yea , on grindr you do get plenty of random dick pics . 
  sometimes along with a hookup request , sometimes just the pic itself . 
  i think they get off to the thought of other people looking at their junk . 
  i 'm a bi guy , you honestly learn to see the `` female '' side when you are on grindr or set tinder to match both sexes . 
  there 's so many boring dudes just trying to score a cheap hookup , and i 'm sure it 's a lot worse for women , who have an even bigger pool of guys . 
  if you ca n't see the big bicycle marks on the ground you are probably unfit to drive a car . 
  actually , you can die after 3 days of dehydration , depending on the temperature and level of activity . 
  you ca n't really die of three days of sleep deprivation ( although maybe you wish you would ) . 
  i honestly just burst out laughing . 
  some people just get offended wayyy too easily . 
  '' ` homosexuals are gay ' shand told reporters . '', 
  python can handle multiple line statements just fine . 
  ~ ~ they do n't even have to be enclosed in parentheses , something like this ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ should work as well if i 'm not mistaken . ~ ~, 
  nvm , thanks for testing , could n't on mobile . 
  looks like parantheses are necessary . 
  why did n't you shoot the guy who had his gun out ? 
  well ... there 's an option for that . . 
  aww dammit , you are right . 
  keep mixing those up, 
  i asked that same question ( the first one ) back then !, 
  i still remember my teacher saying `` no , you ca n't , it closes that part off so you ca n't pee '' . 
  i like your username . 
  do you know the bipolar bear by any chance ? 
  i thought so , quite small hiphop group , but your name reminded me ,
