  you know who probably should 've ranked up ? 
  the double ak ct guy , 2nd most kills with the worst rank overall . 
  yes , but apparently if you stack a few of them in each other ( 8 + ) , you will crash each server you join and ca n't play anymore until your player gets wiped , so i would n't do that if i were you . 
  i noticed my rank depends a lot on who i 'm playing with . 
  when i used to solo play , my rank was eagle/le , but since i usually play with friends in the guardian range , i ca n't get over dmg anymore . 
  does n't matter that much to me , although i do n't feel i can improve a lot anymore since i mostly get enemies that have a lower rank than i. 
  eh , i got similar specs , a 670m and my franerate does n't stay above 70 , if there 's smokes around , gg . 
  funny thing is , before the arms deal update i had my fps capped at 140 and it would * never * drop below that . 
  i had the same issues when that `` memory leak '' stuff happened in june/july , it got fixed a few updates later though . 
  then the arms deals update broke it again . 
  also lost 2 ranks since the arms deal update , coincidence ? 
  saved . 
  i 'm not code , but you will probably reach a wall * eventually * , you wo n't be able to get down to 1ms or something crazy like that obviously , there 's only so much the human body can do . 
  apart from that , you will probably improve a lot after the inital 4 weeksand then less and less every following times you do the training . 
  does n't mean you should stop working on it after the first time , but you can probably cut back on the practise a bit . 
  just my uneducated guess though . 
  i liked osu but could n't really get into it . 
  the gameplay was fun but the anime music and style kinda put me off . 
  might wan na set it to read-only in the properties . 
  i played against many p90ers already and i just could not beat some of them . 
  thes can kill you from b ramp nuke in vents no problem with a few shots while running , i try to single click on their head while strafe-stopp ing in and out of cover but since they move so quickly single clicking wo n't work . 
  i try to spray but spraying at a moving target at range wo n't work particulary well either . 
  in the end they somehow get me in the head twice and i 'm down , leaving me wonderng why this gun is so stupidly accurate while runnung and holding down m1 . 
  even more infuriating are people who come around a corner already shooting with it . 
  i got killed before i could even see the guy like that before , and it was n't even a wallbang that killed me . 
  fuck p90s and everybody who uses them . 
  do you think valve has the manpower to just look through every single demo they get sent ? 
  no , they need an automated system . 
  this bug is also the reason you can see your own neck in fp . 
  irl your view would move a little bit to the side when you look behind you , meaning you look around your neck , not into your neck . 
  only if you can shoot straight down in the future . 
  i hate getting stuck on top of a building because the ladders get surrounded by zombies and you ca n't shoot em . 
  or just kick it in ... 
  woohoo , the 3rd post about the same book now . 
  am i the only one diluting my juice with at least as much water as juice ? 
  i did n't say orange juice  i 'm not a cannibal . 
  this actually reminded me that i hate people who say `` am i the only one ... '' ... oh well . 
  [ suggestion ] remove 3rd person servers, 
  e : it 's a joke , but whatever . 
  fp servers are still superior though . 
  thanks , fix 'd . 
  well ... 
  does it cost as much as normal orange juice ? 
  dunno about your region , but our tap water is drinkable and a lot cheaper than orange juice , 
  well played . 
  dude i love aj with soda . 
  so refreshing . 
  yea club soda . 
  kinda funny , i 've never heard the term club soda until now , we just call it mineral water or soda in german . 
  sometimes i feel like rebuying the game and playing really bad on purpose in my first 10 matches to get ranked silver just to experience this . 
  would be kinda a dick move though to just bash them afterwards , so i probably wo n't . 
  good job , now you started another colorblind debate ... :p, 
  the video still only has 30 frames per second max ( youtubes limitation ) . 
  that 's maximum 6 per second more than the gif , but i do n't know the framerate of the gif . 
  should be at least 24 fps though . 
  the frame probably is one of the ommitted ones , but to really be able to say that it was out we 'd need a video from a better angle . 
  ps : you did n't post the relevant frame but the whole vid . 
  yes , reddit loves to hate the world . 
  not sure about that . 
  a better angle would make things clearer . 
  do n't forget the whole ball has to be over the whole line , not just the part touching the ground . 
  for round 2 and 3 there 's still better weapons . 
  if `` fucking around '' is akin to making somebodies day , i think those guys should fuck around a lot more . 
  it comes up often when reddit talks about color in games . 
  he would n't be high-ranked without hacks obviously . 
  or he picked up a second pistol to finish the last guy off . 
  would it ? 
  if it does , i 've never noticed it before . 
  on mobile ( alienblue at least ) you sadly ca n't see formatting like strike-throughs . 
  i 'm always getting confused by edits like this aswell . 
  i 'll check it later , 
  nova is still very good against armor if you can land the shots . 
  on the other hand , if they land the shots you can go down pretty quickly aswell . 
  but ... would you suck a double dick ? 
  heh , played against a guy who , everytime you started shooting at him from behind or the sides , would jump and fo a quadruple spin before even trying to aim in your direction . 
  i think his tactic was to throw people off by making them laugh do hard that they miss their shots :d, 
  just to share my experience here : i never went over double-ak/dmg rank until i got a bigger mousepad and a lighter mouse ( deathadder ) and almost halfed my sens ( 1.2@450dpi atm ) . 
  i got used to it quite quickly and managed to get up to le about 3 weeks later . 
  it defenitely helped me out quite a bit . 
  since the arms deal update i struggle with fps issues though , so i 'm back at dmg , 
  i 've landed the shot myself before , it 's defenitely not impossible . 
  if you are prepared and aim at the right place , it can work . 
  going the wallbang on the other hand gives you the chance to react even if your inital guess is off , and will ( if you hit ) either deal a good amount of damage or even kill on a lucky headshot . 
  it depends if you feel it is worth even going for since the ct 's can vary how they pass so much . 
  until you get arrested because somebody gets suspicious and calls the cops haha , 
  thanks , was gon na post this . 
  a lot in audio-hardware comes down to placebo and good marketing , nothing else . 
  abx tests are a good way of proving that and i recommend doing one yourself if you do n't trust the video . 
  btw , look up `` magic of rahat '' ( i hope i got the spelling right ) on youtube . 
  he makes videos where he either pranks someone with his magic tricks or some where he somehow pulls money out of nowhere and gives it to homeless people . 
  i really like his vids . 
  that was n't very fast ... and eco spray downs are boring . 
  no ... not a 1v5 . 
  i did n't downvote anything , but be a bitch and accuse me more . 
  wikibot , what the hell is rainmeter ? 
  well , rainmeter is kind of a desktop gadget system , not the windows one though . 
  i thought there might be a wiki article about rainmeter . 
  2000 would run out pretty quickly on reddit once he gets popular , yea . . 
  hey , btw , good chance to say thanks for your work !, 
  one of the better bots out there ,
