  it 's sometimes hard to tell if some story has crossed that line , in case of the op it 's so far past it set a new tifu record i believe . 
  on second thought probably not , but it 's at least a contender . 
  can we have a bot converting this to audio ? 
  chaining bots is always fun . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ untiltheyallgetbanned, 
  i 've been in the middle of the desert , all lights out . 
  it 's pretty much like in these pictures . 
  i was actually surprised how white the sky was . 
  it was n't dark anymore , it was stars everywhere . 
  you could clearly see the milky way . 
  very clearly . 
  yes , the skill gap can be enormous . 
  while the difference between those single ranks ( and by ranks i mean the skill groups here , so silver 1 to global elite ) is often not very high , and obviously you play better or worse than your rank in some games , differences are definitely noticable if you compare players 2-3 ranks apart . 
  i 'm at around lem ( skill group 16 out of 18 ) right now , and i can tell you , if i play against people only 3-5 ranks below me i can be sure to drop at least 30-40 kills in a match even if i play badly . 
  the skill differences can actually be enormous in this game . 
  it 's not just the gunplay ( although it does factor in pretty hugely ) , but also about situal awareness , flashing and dodging flashes , smokes , sound locating , generally just reading your enemies and knowing when to not make sound yourself . 
  especially reading your opponents and catching them off guard is very easy when they are low ranked . 
  they will make a lot of noise ( footsteps ) and will generally not always look the right away . 
  also , communication and teamplay become increasingly important . 
  short , precise calls can make all the difference . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/dfhwareburg?t=16 ) an ( a bit old ) example clip from my games ( back then i was rank 14 , so dmg ) it 's a pistol force buy , meaning i did n't have enough money for a rifle so i just got armor and pistol . 
  with some flashing i hide in an offensive smoke and wait for my moment , snag a gun and proceed to win the game 1 versus 4 with some clever positioning and fake planting . 
  granted , the enemies got a bit cocky that round because they thought it was an easy round win and they could just push me one at a time . 
  but that 's the kind of situation you want in this case . 
  if you fight them head on all at once you will run out of bullets and die . 
  this way i could fall back between kills and reload . 
  auto attack after spell -  off, 
  buds ftw, 
  since you wanted feedback . . you should probably get used to pythons ' index starting at 0 . 
  that way you can just use range ( number ) and do n't have to substract one later when actually using your counter variable . 
  well , at least in europe there 's the stereotype that french people can only speak french , unlike people from other countries who can mostly speak english along with their mother tongue . 
  it 's probably because of all the things you see in this thread . 
  dickish behaviour makes people not like you , surprise . 
  in case op delivers more conversation pics, 
  well . . people did ask . . 
  red bull is another good example . 
  at their core they used to be just a energy drink manufacturer , but marketing is what they are best at . 
  now their drink and slogan are known pretty much worldwide . 
  what a great idea !, 
  applied to my vis , thanks for the idea and the code , 
  meh , those stats are still skewed . 
  most lower ranked casual players are n't on dotabuff . 
  the higher the skill , the more likely that somebody is on dotabuff , if you took the whole playerbase you 'd probably still be up there in the 95-99th percentile . 
  you do n't flip the bike if you pull the front brakes lightly ( if they are properly set ) . 
  you only flip the bike if you yank the front brakes . 
  also , sometimes downhill you will need them to stop , often the backwheel does n't have enough traction ( especially on slippery grounds like gravel roads ) to brake at all , you will need your front brake to control your speed . 
  it depends quite a lot on how they 're set up . 
  my front brakes loosened up a bit over the year and i now have to use quite excessive force to actually lock them up completely . 
  time for a service . 
  ugh , playing bat was so frustrating yesterday . 
  so many lost lassos and teammates flaming  . , 
  i 've never seen anything even mentioning checks outside of tv shows in my whole life . 
  not even signs saying `` no checks '' . 
  i 'm 21 living in west europe . 
  he only got 3 kills , that would n't even have been a teamwipe in competitive . 
  in casual ( which this is ) , a team consists of up to 10 players . 
  furthermore , the 3 kills are n't that impressive considering that none of the 3 even looked his way while coming out of main . . 
  even though he was standing in a very common spot . 
  pretty much . 
  casual games usually consist of 0-2 pretty good players and the rest inexperienced new players . 
  they also tend to be quite one-sided in my experience , although even a good player can sometimes get overwhelmed by a horde of worse ones , 
  this video was uploaded today . . no idea why you watched it 20 times . 
  maybe you should n't have videos on repeat that you do n't even like . 
  well what 's his p + b rate ? 
  i do n't think he was banned all that much, 
  listen , i know this reddit account is fake but can you just pm_me_your_tits ? 
  usually works for ios , not in this case though . . 
  i did n't even know you could do that !, 
  i just went and downloaded all 4 tap tap games , those were my favourite mobile games of all time . 
  sadly they 're all broken : /, 
  goddamnit disney , why 'd you buy up the game just to shut it down ? 
  you discovered rainmeter a few hours ago and already used the most hated word of the sub , gratulations :p, 
  seriously , though , minimal and it 's variants have been abused and misused again and again on this sub . 
  just do n't . 
  has n't microsoft done that with the xbox at one time ? 
  i do n't think it worked that well , ca n't talk from experience though . 
  does n't work for me in chrome . 
  not sure why . 
  once the timer runs out the first tab just crashes , the one it opened up keeps running ( although it seems to be `` loading '' something , it at least shows the loading icon in the tab at the top ) . 
  using chrome version 48.0.2535.0 dev-m ( 64-bit ) tho , might just not work with that . 
   direct replies to the original post ( aka `` top-level comments '' ) are for serious responses only . 
  jokes , ** anecdotes ** , and low effort explanations , are not permitted and subject to removal . 
  i. . . still do n't get it . 
  what the hell is that . 
  i did n't expect anything less from / r/youtubehaiku , 
  i did from playing dayz . 
  personally , i hope nobody rests in a tire because of this ... 
  especially not on top of a steep hill . 
  wait , how the hell did you build a quadcopter by yourself ? 
  can you make some pictures ? 
  why would anyone buy mcdoubles instead of just normal cheese burgers ? 
  you are literally paying double to not have the in between buns of 2 cheese burgers , at least here ( cheeseburgers cost 1 $ , doubles 2 $ ), 
  i see , that makes it actually really good value !, 
  wish it was that cheap over here . 
  mcd has a lot of regional difference though . 
  i 've been to ones in a couple of different european countries and the prices as well as the menu itself was always a little bit different . 
  the mcdouble here is n't really advertised anywhere and i have n't seen anyone buy it before . 
  it 's on the actual menu but almost nobody reads that . 
  over here in europe in many places the carts will have chains that attach to other carts . 
  if you want to get a cart , you need to insert a 1 or 2 $ coin , and you get it back when attaching it back to the other carts .
