  i 'd love if the vigor icon would display the album cover though ( with the stars around it ), 
  looks like the image got deleted ? 
  hm , just tried it on my pc and it works , when i opened it on my phone , imgur said the pic got deleted for some reason oo, 
  looks pretty sweet btw , i like the simple clock . 
  it 's kinda stupid that your phone captures the `` saving screenshot '' bar at the top when you make a screenshot ... 
  maybe . 
  i 'm not a pro with images either ... but i kinda know how it would work . 
  i guess you would have to cut out the part of the hud where the cover will go , and make that part transparent ( in photoshop or whatever ) , then display the cover behind the hud with rainmeter ( with the `` z '' parameter i think . 
  pretty sure z controls third dimension stuff ), 
  i could give it a try , but it probably would n't look very nice :p, 
  true , makes sense . 
  hmm i can definitely see the use now . 
  i cycle aswell , but listening to music is too dangerous when there 's a lot of traffic . 
  well , you definitely got a few new subs that are waiting for new content now  haha . 
  from 0 to 728 in just about 8 hours ? 
  that 's quite impressive actually . 
  heh , good and creative content gets you subs  even more so if you make more videos !, 
  i 'm looking forward to them already . 
  yes . 
  smoking is n't the only way to consume marijuana . 
  yea , sounds like a bad study when they actually told the teacher that one kid was `` smarter '' than the other beforehand . 
  150 fps with a 540m ?? 
  i get 130 fps with an i7 and a 670m -_-, 
  by using the searchbar . 
  damn , as somebody who 's never listened to any hip hop , that song is damn good . 
  can you suggest more ? 
  nsfw ( kinda , it 's somewhat ` shocking ' ), 
  i 'd be happy with 40 . 
  more importantly , put the round time to 1:45 . 
  2 minutes is just over the top . 
  i know people who faint at the sight of blood , this is a bit more extreme , 
  still , it often ends up with one guy hiding somewhere for 45 seconds and saving . 
  1:45 is long enough even for an uncoordinated team, 
  is there a bot that can slow down gifs ? 
  * gui interface, 
  when i wrote the edit , i was at -5 , 
  we 've seen valve working before . 
  it just seems like they spent the last couple of weeks painting guns instead of trying to imrpove the gameplay/fix some bugs . 
  the silenced m4 is quite the disappointment if you use them for a while , 20 bullet clips just limit them too much . 
  the usp is more expensive but basically the same than the p2k , only with an even smaller clip . 
  there 's nothing about the memory leak that so many suffer from since the last update for example . 
  that 's his point . 
  i know , people are already speculating they went on holidays or something , but i do n't think so . 
  i still expect some fixes in the next couple of weeks though , especially glock-changes and ( obviously ) balances for the silenced guns . 
  as for the bugfixes , i have n't noticed anything so far because i ca n't seem to join any servers at the moment , but we 'll see . 
  i believe op just cut out some boring parts of the conversation here . 
  he probably asked them to be completely sure that they were underaged before telling their dad the story . 
  what about the big red cross for `` cancel '' ? 
  really ? 
  have n't gotten a single one so far o.o, 
  i meant i have n't seen a single one so far . 
  although that has changed now after playing 3 rounds , i got 2 drops . 
  yes . 
  the price sets at the average of the last sales . 
  yesterday , there was no price set , now the first ones sold for ~ 150 $ so that 's what the market price is set at . 
  pretty sure , yes . 
  wo n't do much harm to report them . 
   the drops are timed, 
  first round i played yesterday after the update , got a drop already . 
  downvotes of course ... 
  think about it people , it 's not a bad idea . 
  might stop the afkers , at least some of them . 
  if you go afk , you lower your teams chances . 
  yea , those german , french , spanish and russians are so ignorant , not learning a second language ... 
  stattrak does n't really work then , though :p, 
  the word `` fixen '' is used in german aswell , same meaning . 
   idiots, 
  or rich parents, 
  do n't you dare ever photographing your screen with a camera again !, 
  that 's true did n't think about that since you ca n't see the screen itself only the display, 
  as an austrian , i do n't know how you ca n't _ love _ sauerkraut ... mmmmhhhh ... now i 'm hungry again . 
  is what we would say in german . 
  that theme and the wallpaper are still far from minimal though ... 
  hitting somebody who has no armor anywhere on the body does 1 hp . 
  with armor it retracts 1 armor point if i 'm not mistaken . 
  flashbang kills where one of the greatest things in css . 
  dat big killmessage . 
  yup , the longer you hold the trigger , the more inaccurate and random the shots get . 
  there are patterns for each gun that the bullets will always `` kinda '' follow , so you can actually control the spray to a certain extent , but not at far range . 
  and then a switch in the menu :, 
  chickens : on/off, 
  first two rules :, 
   * include in the comments download links to all skins and wallpapers used in your post . 
   * think of a creative title that accurately describes your setup . 
  posts titled only with words such as ` first post , simple , minimal , or new setup ' will be deleted, 
  you do n't actually have to copy the mp3/wav/whatever files in that folder , a shortcut to the files is enough so you do n't have the files on your computer twice . 
  i 'm gon na follow the reddiquette and not downvote on opinion , but instead ask you , how much `` realism '' in a game like counterstrike matters , and if you would really put it before the gameplay . 
  of course , a certain amount of realism is needed ( proper physics for example ) , but why would it be so horrible to let people walk under the trains ? 
  yea , why the fuck is there no normal hoverbox instead ? 
  damn , why is there such a hatetrain going on here ? 
  cmon guys , read the reddiquette and grow some brains , his point is valid , there 's no real reason for the numpad downarrow not to work , and there 's also no reason to downvote this guy so much . 
  ah , look guys , ic9 has spoken , it 's final . 
  everyone can go home now !, 
  default for max ping setting is 150 afaik . 
  ... if jumping works , jumping _ and _ crouching will obviously work too . 
  no reason for your camera to suddenly fly 30 meters above the model . 
  yes , i always wondered what was up with that . 
  and what does that have to do with the max acceptable mm ping default setting ? 
  i know what you mean . 
  that is one of the reasons some subreddits hidd the voting score for 1 hour or longer after the comment got posted,
