  the guy in the newer car barely got affected by the crash , the other guy was lucky that he was n't going any faster , or he would 've probably gotten stuck in his car , the metal probably shattering a few bones at least . 
  reminds me of this crash test that got posted to reddit a while back , some old car vs a new car with crash test dummies . 
  yep !, 
  it 's pretty interesting . 
  `` the hidden tiger '', 
  interesting , reminds of dayz , it 's creator ( dean hall ) called it an anti-game himself . 
  although it has an entirely different meaning in that case . 
  let 's see if i can find the original post , one sec . 
  edit : ca n't find it right now , read it in a fairly old topic in the dayz forums 2012 i believe , will keep looking after dinner . 
  yea , excactly , that was the point he was making , 
  `` very awkward interview '' oh comeon , it was n't that bad . 
  that 's true , panel 3 looks weird . 
   do n't randomly start conversations with people on the street, 
  man , i wish this was n't so true for us . 
  i love talking to random people , but it 's really only not considered weird here if it 's old folks . 
  i get to talk to a lot of people at the moment , since i 'm working for the red cross for civil service as a paramedic for the 9 months . 
  we mostly drive around old people , but i 've had everything from a few days old to over 100 already . 
  very interesting , still sucks , but at least it 's more interesting than working in a nursing home . 
  it 's been almost 2 months , we need an answer !, 
  have n't you seen the thread where everyone just wrote `` wat '' including a few valve devs ? 
  on a related note , they should add an overhead attack for raised melee weapons instead of that weird right-sided swing !, 
  who keeps giving gold to these downvote accounts . . ? 
  that 's true . 
  my friends got the same problem , untrusted , then he got vac banned , now he 's just untrusted again : / 319 days ban . 
  wonder why the decoy starts glowing then , as if it was transparent . 
  he actually said right after the crash `` no , we did n't just stage that crash ... '', 
  not everyone here speaks german !, 
  a restaraunt near burgenland in hungary serves the best knoblauchcremesuppe and beef tartare that i know ... we go there at least 3 times a year mainly for those 2 dishes . 
  and on top of that , give the devs a break , i 'm sure they want to spend their weekend with something else than work . 
  i 'm sure you do . 
  ( to brampower , not gjack ), 
  only really used it on dm so far , got ta say , if you wan na spray , crouch , and you 're gon na hit . 
  it 's not op , it 's pretty perfect right now in my opinion . 
  kinda interesting how it cut the size by about 80 % though . 
  from valves perspective : if we put the 2 most popular maps into the next operation , more people will buy it -  more money for us and more money for the mapmakers -  more incentive for them to make new maps !, 
  win-win . 
  why did n't you just edit your first comment ? 
  there 's the app `` reddit is fun '' ( or something like that ) for android and `` alienblue '' for ios , in case you did n't know . 
  i use alienblue and it 's quite good . 
  i actually agree with you . 
  i do n't think a map should be in an operation more than once . 
  just explaining how i think valve thought about it . 
  / r/wallpapers is this way . 
  it me nice , but the way reality bleeds into fictionary landscapes and such is quite fascinating in the `` photos '' . 
  been dmg for about half a year now ( back then i was eagle master ) , never ranked up or down in the last 200-300 matches or so . 
  now , in my last 14 games or so i won ~ 11 , 1 tie and 2 lost , topfragging almost all of them , and i finally ranked up to eagle again ( directly before upranking i had a 5 win streak ) . 
  pretty sure it 's partly because i managed to fix the fps problems last week ago that i 've had since i downranked last summer . 
  i agree that the dmg rank seems way too broad . 
  i feel like many dmgs should be lower , and on the other hand there 's almost no eagles around . 
  only lems . 
  the last time i was le in summer i ranked up after 3 games ( 3 wins directly after ranking up to le ) . 
  how does the game handle leaving players in dota2 ? 
  i do n't play the game , but does it have a system like this or does it just put in a bot aswell ? 
  so that 2 players ca n't randomly have the same/extremy similar color ( s ) ? 
  well , if i 'd finally get an orange dot then i 'd be fine with it . 
  whoever sues first got raped ? 
  bots usually do n't see edits . 
   handling toxic players . 
  instead of simply banning them from playing , which encourages smurfing , dota 2 actually places all players who have multiple griefing/bad manners reports or abandons in a different matchmaking queue , called the low-priority queue . 
  in this queue you 're forced to play with other griefers and ragequitters and the only way out of it is to stay and play multiple full games with these other scum . 
  players who get communication reports are n't placed in low-priority . 
  instead they are completely muted from chat and can only communicate via game-commands and pings . 
  this . 
  genius . 
  let griefers fight griefers . 
  that 's gon na take the fun out of it for them pretty quickly . 
  they 're just testing the waters , like they did with all the guns you 've mentioned that received heavy buffs/nerfs . 
  they tried making the deagle good , it went overboard . 
  they nerfed it to the grounds and let it sit there to see if people were just not used to the `` new '' deagle or if it was really that bad . 
  took them almost a year , but now they decided it really was too bad to be viable and needed a slight buff . 
  they 're going to let the aug sit there for a few days , review the statistics , ignore the haters , and make a decision based on the statistics and maybe pro feedback . 
  you probably should 've mentioned it in the title regardless , i never see the flairs before they get mentioned elsewhere ( plus they do n't get displayed on mobile reddit apps ) . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  by toxic players they mean teamkillers , blockers and teamflashers . 
  they 're quite rare at higher ranks anyways , but occasionally you will have some kid freak out and start teamkilling if he 's having a bad day or whatever . 
  you did n't . 
  uh oh , i angered them . 
  abandon thread !, 
  on the other hand ... how to rank up from dmg to eagle :, 
  people keep saying he cheated , nobody has ever provided any proof though . 
  where and when did he cheat ? 
  i 'm sure some or many scenes in his video were acted , maybe the other players he followed and killed where his friends or whatever . 
  i doubt there 's any real evidence that suggests he is cheating , since we do n't know what happened in between the cuts . 
  he is just providing entertainment , and he is in general a very nice guy , at least in my opinion , so why the hate ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i just googled it , and still ca n't find any proof . 
  people just get suspicious when he kills 5 guys in a row or spots people from a few hundred meters away , but how do you know he used hacks to spot them ? 
  for all we know , he could 've set up many of these situations , with friends deliberatly shooting in his direction and missing on purpose . 
  during cuts he could have met a friend who bloodbagged him so his screen is n't black-white for the whole video . 
  and what 's the flashing temperature supposed to mean ? 
  it used to flash a lot for me in earlier versions aswell , that icon has always been broken . 
  moreover , i do n't get why you have to be so offensive . 
  you act as if everyone watching his videos is a mindless retard . 
  some of us just enjoy his videos and his personality . 
  before i have n't seen solid proof that he is actually scripting ( and not just fishy cuts or whatever ) i wo n't change my mind there . 
  just yesterday me and my friend travelled through cherno to balota on a full server , shooting zombies with shotguns and pistols , never seeing anyone . 
  we stayed in balota for almost an hour , sniping zombies and testing out the sks . 
  again , not a single person showed up , even all the loot was still there . 
  yea , people would just be looking art the code and make another loot map really quickly . 
   i 'd rather go to jail then have to climb all the way back down .
