  come visit / r/rainmeter , we 've got some great examples , 
  red cross paramedic , can confirm . 
  that 's the system we use . 
  no , it 's not . 
  uploading the content is , downloading or streaming is n't . 
  distributing links to illegal content like streaming sites is a grey zone . 
  that 's how it works in austria , no idea where you live though . 
  the system the red cross teaches does n't have a 4th degree . 
  it 's just a different way to classify burn damage based on appearance of the burnt skin . 
  i just use mwheel for bhopping and jumps like the silo jump on nuke , while using space for normal play . 
  i 'd rather we keep this out of vanilla , to be honest . 
  would make a cool mod though . 
  lol so obv, 
   calling out strats out in main chat on purpose and locations, 
  please report this under `` abusive text chat '' and not griefing . 
  griefing gets handled with overwatch , and overwatch does n't display the chat . 
  abusive text chat gets handled by valve ( actually not sure how they deal with those reports , but you get the idea ), 
  outside can be smoked up completely ( from main to garage ) by just 2 smokes which get used at pro level frequently when they do a secret push . 
  those 2 would 've been the most important outside smokes imo . 
  they are n't all that effective on their own though , so you 'd need a friend to do it with you . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxwikpbw2qg ) a crappy video i made a while back , i 'm using a different viewmodel though so i would n't recommend doing it this way . 
  maybe . 
  i 've heard about a report in dota were you could report players that were not performing very well , that did n't do anything and was just put in for raging kids to put off some steam . 
  i read that on reddit , so it might not be true . 
  how does the `` order of protection '' affect your daily life ? 
  what excactly does it mean ? 
  this is a stupid solution to a real problem . 
  i want to play with friends regardless of their rank . 
  might have mixed up lol and dota !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ pleasedo n'thitme, 
  if a comment gets loads of replies most of them get bundled up an hidden , and you will only see them by pressing `` load more comments '' or something similar . 
  on mobile apps that option might not even be there ( alienblue for example ), 
  that seems . . pretty op . 
  especially for mob farms . 
  pretty sure it is . 
  i 've had an enemy shoot me through smoke after nading me once since the update though , and he said in chat he could see me through the smoke . 
  i 'd so buy one ( if i played guitar ) . 
  yours looks phenomenal . 
  sorry , i 'm late , who am i here for ? 
  that 's pretty interesting , thank you , 
  i think i can g major, 
  well that bug has been in the game for a long while now , i thought it got fixed with last patch , but apparently not : /, 
  yep , that one did . 
  still upvoted , it 's a good idea . 
  the skins look good , but what always bugs me is if the skins do n't fit together with the background . 
  in this case i do n't like how they just go over the head , it would probably look nicer if they were aligned around it ( in my opinion ) . 
  a lot better  really nice . 
  if there 's literally nobody on the internet who has the same problem , it 's probably not the games fault . 
  m4a4 = bigger mag and more recoil, 
  m4a1 = smaller mag , lower recoil and silencer, 
  if you increase mag size and recoil for the m4a1 there 'd be no reason to get the m4a4, 
  worldedit can do it too , so yea . 
  just revamp the action menu all together . 
  pretty sure they 're still planning to do that at some point . 
  at least i hope so, 
  valve wanted the silenced version to have a disadvantage , so they lowered the ammo for it . 
  why is it not centered ? 
  i hope you guys are on / r/austria already . . , 
  small , but nice and friendly, 
  wait , you are n't really serious are you ? 
  well , i thought you were just another troll/downvote account or something . 
  good luck i guess . 
  by not implementing it . 
  it 's rare drops , they should stay rare . 
  `` literally nobody '' was a bit of a hyperbole , but even if it 's just a very small percentage , my point still stands . 
  something i 've wanted since sscoreboards : use the scoreblard values as a variable for other commands . 
  syntax would for example be a $ as prefix , then have the scoreboard objective , a dot , then the player name . 
  for example `` setblock $ coords.xcord ~ $ coords.zcord redstone_block '' . 
  i propose a variable system that works like this : in a command , you can substitue a numerical value with a variable that has a prefix ( let 's say $ ) . 
  the variable itself is called `` variablename '' . `` playername '' . 
  for example : / tp @p $ coords.xcoord ~ ~ $ coords.zcoord, 
  as shown in the example , it should also work with relative coords . 
  you could set up a command system this way that checks where ground level is on a certain coordinate before teleporting you , for example . 
  well , good points , i regularly get called a wher aswell , especiallywhen i queue with a 5 man premade and we 're all on ts . 
  there 's been moments were just everything plays together , a teammates call , sound , my own gamesense and some luck , getting me some ridiculous kill through smoke or walls . 
  but above my rank there really are quite a few hackers that are obvious as fuck , with aimbots , triggerbots and shit . 
  i see them on overwatch and sometimes ingame . 
  oh yes , you could defenitely do more with variables . 
  a / setvariable command would be nice . 
  and variable operations . 
  what the hell , why is this on bestof ? 
  on another note : why is this on my frontpage ? 
  prevents griefers from going into matchmaking with 1 friend , teamkilling their own team over and over and their friend always voting no on a kick vote, 
  the player should n't be able to join mid round , but it also should n't kill the bot on joining . 
  the play should be able to control the bot though until the round ends . 
  not op , but i think you misunderstood . 
  it takes 8-12 hours for all the scans etc. 
  to run through , there 's not one worker sitting at one computer for that time . 
  they can work on multiple pcs at the same time basically . 
  * cough * at least give me [ credit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraftsuggestions/comments/1zm6bl/x_y_z_should_allow_variables/cfux18d ), 
  but thanks for making it a seperate post , 
  woah , jukeboxes with a disc in them look really weird now . . 
  oh , it 's definitely a bug . 
  i wonder if they 're working on the jukeboxes though so we can use them with hoppers . . 
  it got suggested a lot , so maybe ? 
   fixed the @e selector not accepting scoreboard parameters for non-player entities, 
  well , now it does n't accept non existing names anymore , or offline players !, 
  that broke so much :( please fix that mojang !, 
  what if i want it to detect a player 10 blocks above but not a player standing right next to it ? 
  no , rabsi asked why he,
