  infinite theft-proof portable storage !, 
  could 've told them to just drop it . 
  they were just being assholes . 
  yes . 
  sacriel asked him about it , i believe . 
  that 's the code side of things . 
  now you need an animation and the actual model of the taped player . 
  that 's the hard work . 
  we want a proper game , not a shit game . 
  making crappy animations is easy . 
  making them look realistic is harder than you may think . 
  it also needs to work with all the different items ingame . 
  what if the player is wearing a mask ? 
  what if the other one is wearing gloves , and what if not ? 
  also they have a new player skeleton in the sa now , they still need to get used to it . 
  the effects volume controls direct chat . 
  my friend killed a guy a few days ago who was carrying 4 fnx at once . 
  he also had like 30 bullets , but no mags haha :p, 
  no idea why he carried more than one pistol with him though . 
  i do n't know , animations have come a long way already . 
  we 'll see how animations will look with the computing power of pc 's in 10-15 years , it probably wo n't be super realistic , but getting closer to it . 
  maybe you do n't care about it as much as i do , but i always get annoyed by clipping in games . 
  idk , i just ca n't help but notice it . 
  we 're not talking about eating and drinking here , we 're talking about taping somebodies mouth shut . 
  if you tape the mouth of the mask shut , he will still be able to speak , he 'll probably just get some breathkng dificulties . 
  of course of course . 
  graphics are always secondary over the gameplay, 
  wtf is with the weird face around the video ? 
  wtf is he playing music through his mic ? 
  it made this video way too annoying . 
  well now he 's just talking shit :, 
  apparently being a friend of dean gives you global : http://imgur.com/zqhv6bl, 
  did n't hear him , i had voip off, 
  is lewis psisyndicate ? 
  i do n't actually watch his videos . 
  i thought he was a troll already , but how is he chatting globally ? 
  there we have it . 
  just some prick using an exploit to annoy people , i guess . 
  wtf . 
  he just said `` orange i 'm not a prick '' and kicked me off the server . 
  what . 
  he 's a redditor i assume . 
  reminds me , did they fix that #vote kick exploit ? 
  i think i found the troll . 
  he just left the server and renamed himself to rocket2guns , i assume he 's gon na join back in . 
  gon na report him on steam for impersonating . 
  i did n't mean you , i meant the person impersonating you and kicking me from the server :p, 
  agreed . 
  they need to fix the voip and this side chat exploit . 
  haha , he 's renamed himself to im_orange . 
  i noticed that . 
  at least he has a sense of humor :p, 
  thanks , merry christmas to you too !, 
  i had a similar problem after throwing up 4 times . 
  my character was `` completely full '' but hungry and thirsty . 
  opened an issue about it here : http://feedback.dayzgame.com/view.php?id=2031, 
  morphine seems to fix the moaning . 
  shooting them in the head does n't actually ruin the backpack . 
  still could 've asked them to drop it instead of killing both for 1 backpack . 
  damn , i wish shadowplay would support notebooks . 
  most loot = attracts most players . 
  on a high-populated server you can be lucky to find anything . 
  no he did n't deserve it . 
  this game is n't about what you deserve and what not , it 's about what you decide to do and what you get from those decisions . 
  if he decided the run away , the geared guy would 've probably shot him in the back . 
  if he stayed and done nothing , he would 've gotten handcuffed and probably would 've died anyways . 
  best option is to fight , since he has nothing to loose anyways , and the other guy was being stupid enough to let him get close enough for him to throw some punches . 
  if anything , the other guy deserved to loose his gear because of his own decisions . 
  combat logging on the other hand is just the game being broken . 
  however you want to call it . 
  but since i threw it all up , why is my stomach still full ? 
  aww he got banned right after that video : / no more videos from him . 
  first time i 'm sad somebody got banned . 
  he seemed like a nice hacker . 
  upvoted for being realistic . 
  i really do n't have all that much hope in vac . 
  without overwatch , cs global offensive would be a hacker fest aswell right now . 
  vac can only do so much . 
  so much is better than nothing , though !, 
  it will deter people from hacking , and that 's the important part . 
  i do n't think ammo count should be increasd . 
  it 's pretty good right now when you know where to look and the server restarted not too long ago . 
  why is the 6 times used picture more zoomed in than the others ? 
  yup . 
  he kicked me twice aswell . 
  a tree in the elevator shaft ? 
  you need a certain kind of handguard for the m4 that allows attachments . 
  forgot it 's name , sadly . 
  in the picture , it 's the attachment to the far right . 
  i 've seen the number one before but did n't know that he stopped shooting bc he got kicked . 
  all in all , nice video , but those guys were blind as hell !, 
  merry christmas , mate !, 
  1 trip to the airfield and you have more magazines than you can carry . 
  go on any server after a restart and loot the nw airfield . 
  seriously . 
  there 's more stuff than one guy can carry . 
  forgot the army base at the nw end of the nw airfield aswell . 
  you 're *, 
  pretty sure that 's not steams job . 
  but i might be mistaken aswell ,
