  physics are calculated server sided , which is why items thrown look so ridiculously laggy at the moment . 
  easy , it 's always powered and just placed `` sideways '' . 
  no i have n't , but i 've seen it often around reddit that people use downvotes as a way of saying `` no '' . 
  heh , good idea for a mod indeed . 
  duping was one of the main problems of the mod . 
  there would have been so much fewer sniper rifles and ghillies around if not for duping ( and scripting of course ) . 
  does n't look like it . 
  i 've shot 10 times against different walls but could n't see more than one pellet . 
  would 've tried it on zombies but i spawned in novo and there 's still no zeds there . 
  the bat is just way too short . 
  the swing range is so small that you can only hit a zombie when you glitch into it a little . 
  i pressed that but it did n't seem to do anything . 
  also , i could play for half an hour already without doing that and everything was working fine , so why are we supposed to press that ? 
  i 've set it like that before already ... 
  it did n't change anything for me except unbind my extra mouse buttons x.x, 
  i keep it at left mouse button but use my mouses thumb button for zooming . 
  yea , night is just day without colors now . 
  i do n't know , it just does n't feel right to me . 
  before that , yea , your visibility was reduced , now it seems like it 's just like day only uglier . 
  the chemlights and flares do look [ quite nice ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=288053201 ) though , aswell as the fireplaces , 
  it 's just what i 'm used to , been doing it that way since the mod , 
  i have two thumb buttons so i can use the other one for zooming out aswell , really good for sniper scopes . 
  i do n't know . . 
  the game did n't seem to run more fluent to me once the server got full ... 
  the thrown items still looked just as laggy and weird , glitching through the air at roughly 5 fps . 
  you could still get knocked unconscious or get killed by somebody that should be already dead for a few seconds because you just put 10 rounds into him with an sks . 
  i did n't notice any real improvement to the performance as i was playing , except that the delay after eating and drinking seems to have gone away now , which is a plus . 
  am i just missing something or what ? 
  i played yesterday ~ 2-3 hours after it went up and by then there was no loot left in the eastern citys anymore . 
  we went through berezino up to svetlojarsk and met 15 guys in total who had nothing but some clothes . 
  it was great fun , since everyone was friendly without any guns to shoot :p, 
  hi kris , i remember you , 
  i 'm bloody orange . 
  i 've had a lot of fun there , sadly i got shot in svetlo by the guy who stole my blaze at rify earlier when i noticed him and asked him to give it back . 
  my friend managed to kill him in return though so it was all good , 
  you could always see quite a bit when you put up your gamma . 
  i agree the night was far from perfect , but i do n't think they improved it with those changes . 
  instead of finding a way to make nighttime gameplay actually different to daytime , they just made all artificial light sources completely useless and made night a color drained day . 
  people always complain about flashlights going through walls and such , but instead of fixing that they just made flashlights redundant , even more so as they already were before . 
  well ... why did you actually kill the second guy after he spoke to you ? 
  did you not hear him ? 
  `` please do n't shoot '', 
  i get that , but you clearly said `` i 'm gon na let you alive if you 're friendly now . '', 
  you did n't expect him to be unconscious then , i assume . 
  also i have no idea why his friend did n't shoot you when you had your back turned to him ( he had about 5 seconds , and then another 3 when you finished his friend off ) . 
  does n't look like `` ready to shoot '' to me . 
  looks like he bugged out maybe . 
  i do n't want to talk down or anything , those were some nice kills . 
  hunting guide brought to you by wobo . 
  chrome dev version aswell apparently . 
  not with gamma turned up even just a little bit . 
  i worked as an emt for civil service over the last year ... 
  them being pristine is unrealistic , they all were at least worn , some even damaged . 
  i think it 's good that the ak ammo gets less common . 
  it 's arguably the best gun in the game right now , why should it 's ammo be that common ? 
  sorry , i was n't really serious , 
  the uniforms get `` passed on '' from civil servant to civil servant , and so are n't in the best condition . 
  of course they get new ones every once in a while , but you have to be very lucky to get a new one as a servant . 
  tl : dw , they spawn near towns , especially at berezino and the towns around berezino, 
  they do n't really spawn in the wild afaik . 
  yes , you are right , the uk is not in the '' [ schengen agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_agreement ) '' so people from europe ca n't just go and live in the uk and the other way around . 
  i do n't know the specific laws on how you actually immigrate there though . 
  on the other hand switzerland is in the schengen agreement , which means you could work and live there ( although after a quite recent vote from february was passed which limits the amount of foreign workers than can actually work there somehow , again , i do n't know the specifics here ) . 
  try / r/dayzlol, 
  ah i got wrong what was included in the schengen , thanks for correcting me . 
  that 's my point , nobody likes night time , but instead of wanting to improve it , everyone wants to just nerf it so it 's like a bland day and ruin it in the process . 
  of course i get downvoted for it here since most people here have been chanting for a brighter night since day 1 , but some people still like the dark nights and the gameplay it offers . 
  and i mean it 's not like there 's any server running night time anyways , since all the servers just restart every 2 hours and reset the time . 
  i see , that 's unfortunate . 
  it does make things complicated , 
  `` fun '' , just like / r/funny is `` fun '', 
  downvote me , guys , go ahead , i do n't care . 
  there 's really no arguments to be made here , so downvoting is all you can do if you do n't agree with me . 
  and they are all shitty . 
  it 's really just / r/funny in dayz style . 
  why is luna good for lvl 1 roshan ? 
  can somebody lighten a noob like me up please ? 
  yes , you can go from sweden all the way to spain through all countries no questions asked , no passport . 
  you can even live and work in most other countries , but that 's not from the achengen and there 's a couple different countries involved . 
  you have to carry some sort of id just in case you 're getting in a traffic stop or whatever . 
  yea , and the boosters themselves are making a lot of noise . 
  so it 's more the sound of the rocket and the metal of the booster than anything else . 
  nvm , i was mistaken . 
  somebody corrected me already . 
  schengen basically means `` no border controls '' , the living and working stuff is a different agreement . 
  pretty sure you just need an id on that border , unless you come from a country oitside the schengen area, 
  what the hell is doing with the potato ? 
  this makes no sense at all actually . 
  yea just downvote me and do n't answer my question . 
  seriously fuck you guys, 
  why is there absolutely nothing for lol until faker at # 44 ? 
  is n't lol a lot bigger than dota ? 
  i 'm new to e-sports , sorry if that 's a dumb question . 
  is there just not as many tournaments and such for lol ? 
  if so , why not ? 
  as long as you guys fix the bug that makes you have a really hard time looting the bodies now ( especially if they slide away ) , i 'm really looking forward to more ragdoll . 
  you can never have enough ragdoll , 
  2 extra to not have this happen : \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  connect a potato to the pc ? 
  and i 'm the dense one ??
