  i 've had issues in other games aswell , csgo used to run at 140fps , atm i only get 60-70 . bf3 on all low ( in 1080p ) gets barely over 20fps . 
  no idea why . 
  tried a bunch of things already . 
  nothing really helped . 
  how the fuck do you guys keep finding so much ammo ? 
  me and my 4 buddies just went on a long looting trip , we found 4 m4s and around 10 mosin rounds , but not a single m4 bullet . 
  just a tip : do n't log out in the middle of a supermarket or the firestation or whatever , then you are not gon na get killed while spawning in . 
  sounds like a sick movie . 
  if you want to see who said what , and it 's a big thread , you are gon na have a bad time . 
  i can :p, 
  i really dig the csgo model . 
  weapon skins , rarity , random drops including boxes that you need to buy a key for ( like in tf2 ) . 
  it works really well and gives nobody an unfair advantage . 
  the fact that people are willing to buy weaponskins for several hundred dollars on the market kinda proves it imo . 
  you can play the maps for free on community servers . 
  it 's just the valve servers you are `` renting '' . 
  also , the price is subject to sales just like csgo itself . 
  you could get the last one for 50 cents a few times . 
  have n't followed the price of the new one , but it 's been on sale just as much . 
  not to mention that you also get map-pack specific drops from the mappacks that you can sell on the steam market . 
  bought the latest mappack when it came out and just aold everything that dropped for me , got more than double it 's price back on my steam wallet within 2 days . 
  this was way too long . 
  he wrote that it 's sfw in the title and still tagged it as nsfw . 
  genius . 
  damn , how quick are they with the patches ? 
  awesome . 
  that was quite awesome . 
  headshotted a guy , his headgear was ruined , but everything else was fine . 
  you can hear if somebody behind you , you ca n't see them . 
  not sure what clues there are that somebody is behind my except audible ones . 
  except when they are so close that you can feel their breath on your neck , 
  and full blood . 
  most people do n't know there 's blood and a seperate health now . 
  if you have full blood and had enough to eat and drink , you will gain health . 
  source : dayzdb.com ( one of the guides ), 
  no , blood bags are actually the worst way for that . 
  they only give you 1000 blood back , and if they are the wrong blood type , you will die . 
  saline bags make your blood go back to 5000 ( full blood in sa ) . 
  also , if your water level is above 3000 and hunger above 3500 , you regenerate 1 blood per second ( i think 5000 blood is full blood atm ) . 
  if your energy level is above 5000 ( eat a lot ! ), 
  and your water level above 2500 , you get 3 blood per second back . 
  once you have 5000 blood , 5000 energy and 2500 water , you regain 3 health per second . 
  it 's hard to tell what all these variables mean at the moment . 
  i think a box of cereals gives you 1000 energy but takes away 250 water . 
  sardines give you 333 energy and 250 water . 
  but then there 's also the stomach level , if your stomach gets too full , you will throw up and loose 1000 water and i think 600 energy again . 
  it 's more complicated than the mod , but still manageable , i think . 
  and it adds quite a bit to the game imo . 
  here 's a nice guide . 
  ye , it 's a little bit hidden . 
  here 's a direct link :, 
  thanks for providing some examples , could n't think of those myself . 
  valid argument after all , i still think it takes more from the game than it adds . 
  i put a holster on the floor on the firestation . 
  it bugged into the wall of the firestation tower , you could only pick it up while climbing up the ladder . 
  according to dayzdb.com , yes . 
  have n't tested it myself . 
  also do n't know if the saturation depends kn your blood level or your health level . 
  the same question popped up on dayzdb , 
  i ca n't tell you , i guess you would need to dig into the code to find out . 
  or maybe they are gon na update the article to clarify . 
  pretty sure it 's the same as a bloodbag . 
  i 've done neither of those yet though ( only taken somebodies blood ) , so you might wan na check google or youtube for that . 
  thanks , will read !, 
  how can you attempt to counter the acidosis ? 
  needs some hdr, 
  fuck those leaves . 
  i feel like they are the new chickens . 
  no problem with mosins , but getting m4 ammo seems to be pretty difficult atm . 
  i think there 's just too many server hoppers since there 's nothing in to prevent it yet . 
  same with zelenogorsk 1 fucker spawned in literally in the same room that in was looting and even though i said i was friendly and did n't attack him straight away he pulled his m4 out and sprayed at me . 
  could n't take me down with his whole mag , then pussied out when i ran at him with my fireaxe . 
  too bad his friend spawned in in the barracks already and was waiting outside with more ammo . 
  did you provide a source ? 
  i think each part should take up 3-4 slots , and you can only put it in part by part . 
   give up the ghost, 
  you must be german , haha , 
  go to feedback.dayzgame.com, 
  make an account, 
  search if somebody posted about the issue before , if not :, 
  post a new issue and include as much information as you can ( include your pc specs somewhere ), 
  i reported the bug about being able to see while unconscious ehen you hit esc already on feedback.dayzgame.com, 
  but i was n't able to move and neither was i invincible , some guy found me , stole my axe and then killed me with my own stuff . 
  in my experience , it seems like it 's dependent on the server . 
  i had the same problem launch , and i got frustrated , so i tried something . 
  first , i kept rejoining the same server over and over again . 
  everytime i would spawn at the coast as a fresh spawn . 
  second i swapped servers and did the same thing there . 
  repeat until you find one that does n't spawn you somewhere se each time you relog and keep playing on that one . 
  you can smell and taste if somebody put rotten stuff in the water irl . 
  they would be really ineffective as poison . 
  same for the spray . 
  maybe you could add a smell option to bottles to check first . 
  if there was a seperate poison item you can find though ... 
  there 's chemicals you ca n't taste when dilluded in water but are still deadly . 
  should be a rare item though . 
  did n't know that phrase existed in other languages !, 
  i guess they just did n't believe you then . 
  there 's also a way of hoarding stuff if you can have multiple ones , and then `` stuff '' the fully geared characters in one place and leave them there . 
  then , when you want something , log into that one , drop it , log into your main one and pick it up .
