  maybe other people have fun in it ?? 
  jeez , not everybody is like you . 
  thanks !, 
  had no idea it was just saved in the csgo folder . 
  do you have a 120hz monitor ? 
  he might not . 
  and if his hardware does n't even allow him to get more than 60-80 fps , than uncapping it is pointless anyways . 
  also , now that i think of it , he might have just capped it for the recording , since it takes less hardware space to record at 60 fps than to record a 150 fps movie . 
  yep , that happened . 
  i just got a new one and my game still crashes . 
  veryfied game data 3 times already . 
  no overwatch for me . 
  i actually had that thought before ^ ^ , but since i just got 2 of those in a row and i have n't heard anyone else complaining , it 's probably just me . 
  although it 's really weird . 
  no idea how that could happen or what the error message means . 
  vitality help me !, 
  use the search bar in the top right before posting . 
  huh ? 
  did he edit his post now or why the downvotes ? 
  ah ... yea , reddit can get butthurt sometimes , 
  you can delete your comments , there 's a button somewhere next to the edit button :p, 
  ouch , really ? 
  armor is usually my top priority , i 'd rather buy armor and a galil than only an ak . 
  or even ak and a shotty , and then switch for the weapon of the first person you kill if it 's better . 
  you can pick up weapons but you ca n't pick up armor . 
  ( the helmet is important aswell , saves you from 1-hit headshots from many weapons ( and even the ak through walls ), 
  i 'm experiencing this aswell at the moment . 
  i had been distinguished master guardian for quite a while now , and about a week ago i finally managed to rank up to the first eagle . 
  then , three games later where we got matched against much higher ranked enemies , i fall back to the dmg . 
  now , after a week or so and about 6 wins in a row , i got ranked up again . 
  in those 6 wins by the way , we ( i always play with some friends ) almost always * destroyed * our enemies . 
  i think it was only 2 out of those that the enemies got more than a 5-16 . 
  so , after getting the eagle for the second time , we get ranked against enemies that are way better again . 
  not necessarily better than me , but in total better than my team ( most of my friends are around master guardian level ) . 
  i find it stupid that we almost never get matched with equal enemies , the games almost always end with the loosing team only getting around 6 points , be it our team or our enemies . 
  there 's maybe 1 out of 4 games that seem at least slightly balanced . 
  i do n't think it 's an issue with match making though , it seems to be an issue with how people get ranked . 
  some of my friends at least seem to rank up even if they perform quite poorly . 
  i 've played against players on my rank that either performed ** horrible ** ( so that i 'd rank them ~ 4 ranks lower maybe ) , and then there 's some that play much better than me . 
  the rank system just does n't seem to work quite well at the moment . 
   this is a great thing for valve to do , but would n't they need to make their own rws system ? 
  i do n't think they can just steal it straight up . 
  it 's not like esea invented that or that it 's a copyrighted system . 
  pretty sure they could use it . 
  it seems like the win/loose ratio is taken into account far too much , which means the ranks are less focused on individual skills . 
  i get that they want to induce more teamplay in mm i guess , but this would be the wrong approach . 
  it makes the ranks in the team i alwas play with more and more similar , and if one of us plays alone or with different people , the matchmaking wo n't work . 
  the system where it takes your kills/deaths/assists / bomb plants/defuses more into account but only if you win the round seems more effective and reasonable . 
  first round p250 is a bit pointless , the p2k does just fine against unarmored guys , five-seven has more body damage/bullets but is quite expensive , i 'd rather get body armor/more nades . 
  your third is what i use in pistol rounds usually , but with a nade for the 2nd flash . 
  nades do tons of damage against unarmored aswell . 
  might be the steam settings . 
  when ingame , go into the steam overlay , press settings ( in the bottom i think ) , then go to the voice tab and play around with the 2 sliders . 
  if they are both on 100 % , your mic can sound very distorted . 
  yes , there is a console command , but i ca n't remember it : /, 
  they ca n't buy a helmet though . 
  that 's where the p2ks ( only ? ), 
  advantage lies vs the glock : it 's a bit more accurate and kills in one shot to the head from further away than the glock . 
  as chooch already said , the playerbase is still too small for that . 
  moreover , from my experience the game accounts for the advantage a premade team has so that the randoms will have an overall higher rank than the premade . 
  check it next time you get matched against a premade . 
  nah , we get cheaters aswell . 
  overwatch really has made a difference though , i notice less and less . 
  i actually have n't seen a blatant one in a while , although there 's been a few that were quite fishy and probably walling . 
  try voice_mixer_volume . 
  if you are away for more then the 3-5 minutes you get ( the 3 minute timer does n't start immediately when you leave ) then you should get kicked so the team can surrender . 
  i do n't want to wait for ages if the guy obviously wo n't come back anymore . 
  3-5 minutes is a good balance . 
  usually you should be able to rejoin fast enough . 
  the mp9/mac is worth buying aswell for anti-eco if you 're low on money . 
  it 's not that bad anymore . 
  shows how you can surprise your enemies by just rushing through some smoke !, 
  great play by forest that match . 
  the deathadder defenitely is a great mouse . 
  all the buttons just * feel * very good and i have n't had any problems with it so far ( only got it about a month ago ) . 
  but , at least from what i 've heard , it seems to break very fast , usually after ~ 1 year . 
  avoid it if you want a longer-living mouse . 
  sometimes posts get stuck in the spamfilter :p, 
  which is half it 's magazine , combined with the terrible inaccuracy you either shoot very slow ( and get killed before even getting 3 shots off ) or you spam it and use up all shots . 
  going for headshots you still have the terrible inaccuracy against you . 
  as it is now , it is still `` under '' - powered imo . 
  this is arma 3 . it has one . 
  sure it has some uses , but it is limited so much that it does n't make up for the price . 
  before i buy a shotty and a deagle i 'd just buy a galil and have a more effective weapon in * most * cases . 
  sure , you can hold an angle with a shotty pretty well , but when they go elsewhere and you have to retake a site , it gets iffy . 
  do n't know why you are getting downvoted . 
  i get runned & gunned quite often , and it 's very annoying . 
  i ca n't get a headshot on anyone while running with an ak , but apparently everyone else can on me . 
  the p90 is even more ridiculous . 
  the spray pattern does n't seem to change at all when you are running . 
  i agree , but i do n't think the scout one is little . 
  i 'd love to see it buffed so it actually has a proper use in the game . 
  the smg 's and shotties have their use in the game now , the scout ? 
  not so much . 
  you do n't see anyone using it in matchmaking ever except to troll around . 
  in matchmaking you can buy a second smoke aswell , within 45 seconds iirc . 
  but not more . 
  maybe ... 
  i try to catch the bullets ? 
  not sure if joking ... but this is bullshit .
