  it 's probably one of the safest locations at the moment . 
  `` anyone in cherno ? '', 
  ya just today i was passing elektro , heard some mosin shots and managed to sneak up on some guy lying on the hills in a bush sniping people . 
  apparently my first mosin shot did n't kill him , but i did n't miss my second one either :p, 
  also spent like an hour in cherno . 
  nobody ever showed up there . 
  yea it used to have crappy accuracy , but it 's okay now . 
  still not very accurate , but there 's worse pistols . 
  effective range is about 30 meters i guess . 
  that one was posted at around 1am utc and this one around 1pm utc , i 'm not surprised that a lot of people may not have seen the original and therefore upvoted this one , myself included . 
  do n't trust this guy . 
  off to / r/eyebleach, 
  haha wow , i only noticed the watermarks after rewatching it too . . good job , brain . 
  3 months and you have n't even gone negative yet , wow you suck at getting downvotes . 
  well , once the server architecture gets more efficient the cost for each slot will fall , of course . 
  even on 100 man servers the western cities were pretty lonely . . 
  the players are just too condensed right now , with half the server in berezino and a third at the ne airfield . 
  we just need more spawnpoints around the map , not only on the east coast . 
  i 'm interested too , but i ca n't answer that question . 
  why not ? 
  the server would need less ressources for each player , so the servers could take more slots for each machine . 
  they 're just beta testing the nets . 
  `` these suicide nets are currently in early access '', 
  i ca n't tell you , i have no insight in the coding or what the developers have in mind . 
  i 'm not even sure if they know how much they can get out of this game , but i know they have big goals , time will tell everything else . 
  / r/misc for example . 
  it 's a very small sub though . 
  really ? 
  i mean , they are annoying now , but a _ threat _ ? 
  just circle those bastards and they ca n't get a hit on you . 
  they are way too easy right now . 
  kick a play to make him stumble back ( and off the roof of the house you might be on ), 
  i do n't know about you guys , but i 'd rather have a different way to store my items than those tents . 
  it always was a bitch to hide them . 
  oh man , my friend died because of this just yesterday . 
  i sniped some guy in the hangars at neaf , he ran in and recovered the gun , some other guy came around . 
  i spotted him , could n't hit him while he was running though , and my friend could n't defend himself because the gun was locked up  . <, 
  i agree that they 're buggy and need changes ( a lot of changes ) , but really , i have n't died to zombie at all yet , i do n't find them to be particularly hard . 
  i 've noticed that they sometimes can hit you while they are looking the other way , but only when you are too close to them ( you have to be almost touching them ) . 
  as long as you stay a little bit away from them while circling you should be fine . 
  i guess this also depends on stuff like ping , server lag and desync though . 
  all in all , the zeds need a complete overhaul , i agree , but i do n't think there should be masses of `` easy '' zombies instead of a fewer zombies but harder ones . 
  if there are just masses , you could n't really stealth around cities anymore like you could in the mod . 
  i suggest looking through his other videos , they 're all very informative . 
  yup , since the update i 've only been using 1-habded weapons aswell , they 're a lot more effective . 
  the machete usually is n't a 1hit kill for me though , it knocks them out in 1 hit to the head , but to kill them it usually takes 3 headshots . 
  my favourite melee weapon is the combat knife atm , it only spawns in military areas though . 
  the combat knife is pretty comparable to the machete , i only had it for a short time , but in that time i felt like i got more 1-hit kills than with the machete . 
  it 's also smaller but you can still put it on your back , which looks a bit weird since it 's so short that it just floats on your shoulder . 
  i have n't noticed a difference in range even though the knife should be shorter . 
  all the 1-handed weapons seem to have the same range as the fists . 
  wow that crap got 500 + upvotes ? 
  i 'm honestly disappointed . 
  it does n't stand out more than the machete in any way , basically the knifes handle is where the machete would be . 
  the knife is just too short to really reach your back , 
  there 's so much wrong with rhat graph i do n't know where to start . 
  and i 'm usually one of the people who care more about the data itself than the presentation . 
  getting default wo n't help the subreddit one bit in those regards . 
  that 's excactly why i come to this sub , listening to music that is totally not my style or whatever , that i never would have listened to anywhere else , and still enjoying it . 
  thanks , those were great . 
  i do n't even like rap but i just had to listen to those guys for an hour straight , thanks for posting , man !, 
  no idea why they did n't implement a 2 hand system from the start . 
  have some items take both hands , and some ( like pistols , flashlights , lamps , etc. ), 
  only take 1 hand , making you able to wield two things at the same time . 
  well , actually i do have an idea , arma never supported that so it would probably be a bitch to code in . 
  would be very nice to have though . 
  you 'll still be able to use them 2-handed to get more accuracy . 
  also , with some of the pistols it 's already hard to hit a guy from more than 10 meters : / even if you are standing and not out of breath . 
  especially the 9mm ones seem really inaccurate from my experience . 
  the devs will have to think what spot they want the pistols to take in the future . 
  at the moment they are nothing but zombie killers ( unless maybe the revolver ) . 
  you wo n't get a magazine for them before finding a rifle with ammo in most cases , so you will probably never use them in pvp ( since the revolver can fire more than once without a magazine , you can take out players with it a bit better ) . 
  i 've had an encounter with a player a little while ago who had a mosin but decided to use his revolver for close quarter combat in the tent camp at balota . 
  honestly , with the mosin he might 've had a chance , with the revolver he could n't hit me more than once , and that one hit did n't do much damage . 
  why ca n't we pick up the bomb with `` e '' like weapons on the ground ? 
  that 'd fix half of these spots . 
  / r/evenwithcontext, 
  no , there is no system like that , that 's just animations . 
  the items are n't glued to both hands right now obviously , but there there is no code in place to allow a player to wield 2 different items . 
  not just with the pistol , this is happening with all weapons !, 
  really really annoying . 
   timelapse of a space shuttle launch in florida, 
  space shuttle launch captured by time lapse photography . 
  time lapse of a space launch, 
  does nobody know what a time lapse is . 
  their usual `` bugfixes '' . 
  reminds me how they tried fixing sand dupes ... 
  yea , they changed the way pistons worked , breaking a lot of older machines in the process but not fixing the sand dupes . 
  i found it quite hilarious , they broke the original sand duper design but within a day or two new ones popped up . 
  torch on the side of a block . 
  yea , at lem ( 3rd highest rank ) you 'd see obvious cheaters occasionally , but really not that often . 
  overwatch and vac seriously cut down on the cheaters over the last year or so . 
  when i started january '13 you 'd see speed and aimbots even in the lower ranks ( nova ) from time to time . 
  well , they should n't be surprised about the fact that they get sniped at when they run across an airfield . 
  getting kicked is something different though . 
  well yea , the latest patch broke something which nerfed almost all the melee weapons ( unintentionally i believe ) . 
  i feel like there 's a whole lot of balancing coming in the next couple of patches . 
  the fire axe used to knock you out in two or three good hits before this patch though , and 3-4 to kill if i remember correctly . 
  i hope they bring that back soon . 
  do n't worry , the last patch accidently nerfed most of the melee weapons , they should be fine after the next patch again .
