  and once i got used to doing it , i ca n't really stop anymore . 
  i just always do it . 
  the gif just ended too soon ( also gifs are crap anyways ) . 
  plus it 's sped up a bit . 
  just post the damn videos instead of gifs . 
  i can bet you ca n't hear a difference between lossless . flac and the same file lame-compressed to 320kb/s or vbr . mp3 in a blind test . 
  recently i got used to buying a nova second round . 
  you just get so much cash with that thing , and it usually 1-shots people without armor even from a bit away . 
  in the fourth round i can have up to 10k already . 
  because csgo playerbase = = dota2 playerbase / 10, 
  i 've come to the conclusion that minimal means something else in this subreddit . 
  usually `` give me karma '' . 
  yea , i 've pointed this out on several `` minimalism '' threads . 
  one of em had 4 clocks , 2 dates and some other skins and still called it minimal . 
  mp3 is n't useless . 
  vbr/320kbs 41-48k mhz mp3 is good for 99.9 % of people . 
  flac is completely unneccesary for daily use since there is such a small difference while taking up a lot more space . 
  and each time the quality gets worse, 
  these, 
  e : dammit i missed the train . 
  i will once i get home . 
  i 'm curious now , because some people claim to hear a difference , others say the opposite and blame it on placebo . 
  even if there 's a difference though , it likely is n't big enough to justify the much bigger filesize ( in my opinion !! ), 
  but i 'll have to test it first . 
  e : i 've only tried it with rise against before . 
  e2 : just tried it with some different music and on max volume ( still not ` that ' loud since i do n't have an amplifier for my headphones , but louder than i usually listen to music ) . 
  nope . 
  i ca n't hear any difference , as hard as i might try to hear each instrument `` on their own '' or as hard as i try to hear any background noise . 
  there 's just no difference for me . 
  to be clear , i downloaded the songs in . flac and converted _ those _ to vbr . mp3s at 48khz , i did n't download a seperate 320kbps version ( which might actually sound worse bc they are n't converted properly etc. ), 
  and i have the [ sennheiser pc360 headphones ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sennheiser-360-headset-pro-gaming/dp/b003da4d2u/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1378740672&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=sennheiser+pc+360 ) . 
  i also used the [ foobar2000 blindtest-addon ] ( http://lifehacker.com/5903625/mp3-or-lossless-see-if-you-can-hear-the-difference-with-this-test ) somebody suggested here . 
  i should also mention that i use an integrated laptop soundcard . 
  laptop 's only around 1 year old though . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll try it once i get home !, 
  idk , maybe i hear no difference because i usually listen at rather low volume over my headset . 
  i got a sennheiser pc360 btw . 
  iphone :(, 
  just downloaded it in flac , converted it with lame to vbr 48khz and did a blind test with [ this ] ( http://lifehacker.com/5903625/mp3-or-lossless-see-if-you-can-hear-the-difference-with-this-test ) foobar2000 addon . 
  i had no chance , flac and vbr mp3 sounded excactly the same to me . 
  maybe he ripped it to 96 kbits mp3 before and then used that ? 
  as usual , anecdotal evidence . 
  and ... how would i put that into my phone ? 
  e : also , the price shows up as 55 $ for me . 
  uh , sorry , i completely did n't get your comment there , 
  yea , i agree , and this was the last time i bought an iphone myself . 
  it was good the last couple of years , but the competition is getting better and better while apple is almost stagnating . 
  i 've always hated how they did n't let you add extra storage . 
  gon na look for an android phone for my next phone . 
  youtube is not a flac `` lame-compressed to 320kb/s or vbr . mp3 '' . 
  youtube compresses their videos and the audio , probably to 128kb/s . 
  of course that sounds crappier than the cds . 
  my point is that you probably ca n't hear a difference between a properly encoded vbr mp3 and the flac it was compressed from . 
  i have done blind tests on this with different songs and have n't noticed any difference _ at all _ . 
  yea , i completely missed that , 
  from the sidebar, 
   ** what to post **, 
  videos , gifs , pictures , etc. 
  of people fighting or otherwise getting hurt by inanimate objects . 
  edit - disclaimer : i do not necessarily agree with this rule . 
  also , the tiles are a bit different in relation to the oven . 
  well , it certainly is inanimate . 
  i live in salzburg , and i wish i could help you out , but i can only wish you good luck : / it 's really hard to find an affordable flat in salzburg . 
  actally , i think i 've seen an empty flat in aigen a while ago ... not sure if it 's still empty , but i remember that it was something expensive around 750 $ per month for a very small flat . 
  might actually be okay for you if you are willing to spend that much for a small flat . 
  it 's not in schallmoos , but you can get there easily by bus , afaik . 
  tell me if it sounds good enough for you , i can probably find out the address . 
  not sure if it 's not already taken though !, 
  it 's a goldmine ... orange gold . 
  yes , i have 2 slight annoyances . 
  first , the time used in the graphs differs from my timezone , can you fix that or add a setting for us to select our timezone ? 
  second , nothing you do on the matchtracking site gets saved , eg . 
  which stats you have selected , or if casual stats are on or off ( they are always on - . - ), 
  also , the kills and deaths include warm-up . 
  i know , there 's no way for you to exclude them , but maybe you could make it so we can edit them ourselves a bit , but this is really just a minor minor complaint , 
  apart from those , thank you very much for this , i love using your site , i 'm using it daily already , it 's great . 
  just a last question , does the site update automatically now or do i still have to go on it after each match ? 
  silver . 
  please be silver . 
  am i seeing this right ? 
  you can just spam the yes or no button and it saves each click ? 
  well , the first one is down ( `` system undergoing maintenance '' ) and the second one looks like a very bad fake , but yea , you could post that one according to the subreddit rules . 
  i do n't really agree with the notion of allowing gifs that do n't fit to the subreddit name , but in the end , the sidebar counts . 
  i was just mashing one of them and then the counter suddenly went in the direction i was mashing in , so i thought it was my mashing doing that . 
  apparently it just updated . 
  can you press once per day ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the awp guy was n't flashed that long either . 
  and nobody heard the defuse . 
  somebody even shot at him and then just stopped . 
  that 's great . 
  thanks again for your work , it 's really appreciated . 
  first time yesterday that i found 2 fishy guys to be esl banned via vacbans , 
  hahaha so lucky . 
  x-post from / r/idiotsfightingthings, 
  e : downvotes ? 
  it got posted there 12 hours earlier . 
  the subreddit has some weird rules . 
  the mods allow almost anything just to get more content in the sub . 
  not sure if i should upvote you to agree , or downvote to prove you right .
