  jeez , that 's probably not even a kid , just a guy using a voice changer to pitch his voice up . 
  i understand panaphobe 's anger though . 
  looking through some of the patchnotes i really ask myself `` did he even once check if the problem is really fixed before claiming it in the changelog ? '', 
  that does n't mean i do n't appreciate the time and effort he puts into his game . 
  it 's 0 + 0.5 x 0 = 0, 
  so yea , it 'd still come to 0 . 
  50 % of something would be half of it . 
  that 's definetely not what he meant . 
  check out the yt channel letsfifa11 , they have a ton of that stuff . 
  always makes me laugh !, 
  in my experience you are wrong . 
  trees have alot of weird hitboxes , and i 've had quite a few encounters already were trees either saved my own life or the life from someone i was shooting at . 
  once i saw a guy joining into the server only 3 meters away from me in a tree , i unloaded my whole ak mag into him , but the tree blocked of almost all bullets . 
  same with 50 cal : sniping people through trees sometimes works , but not always . 
   welcome to r/funny :, 
   you may only post if you are funny . 
  comeon . 
  wait . 
  when did `` malicious advice mallard '' turn into `` bad advice mallard '' ? 
  got it yesterday , finished it today . 
  got ta say , its awesome !, 
  my mind was thoroughly blown away throughout the game haha, 
  not sure why you are getting downvoted , it actually seems pretty clear that he missed him ... at least on his screen . 
  but you know , netcode and the like is not a strength of arma :p, 
  but yea , ca n't really explain why he would 've died there any other way so i 'm pretty sure it was just lag that made him hit the pilot haha, 
   thanks lag . 
  guys , deactivate res to fix it . 
  i had the same problems , deactivated res and now everything works again . 
  weird , worked for me !, 
  the second i turned res off everything worked like a charm again . 
  i 've seen a bot stuck like this before , yea ... 
  but ... but ... 
  not working at all for me ... 
   playing * snake * while on a plane, 
  ftfy, 
  mirror ? 
  activate steamoverlay -  press settings -  voice tab -  adjust the top slider . 
  i have mine set to 10 % , it used to be 100 which sounded awful , but you have to see what sounds best . 
  there 's also a `` test microphone '' function there, 
  not sure if that 's really your problem , but it worked for me, 
  very useful guide to your perfect sensitivity  check it out , it helped me a lot . 
  sorry , but this is wrong . 
  a lot of pro players use high sensitivity , with high dpi you can still make those precise movements . 
  ( of course , far too high is bad , technical limitations and the stuff you mentioned in a different comment ), 
  it all comes down to preference !, 
  everyone has his own sensitivity that suits you best . 
  do n't change it around too much though , if you do , you screw over all your muscle memory and reflexes . 
  they were not very popular because just before that somebody posted the video which got to the front page ... 
  the pistol section really needs updating . 
  the deagle is not awesome . 
  alright , gon na check it once you did, 
  ahh the digital vibrance . 
  somebody mentioned in another thread that you would be able to spot enemies better with it cranked up to 100 % in the nvidia panel . 
  turns out that also caused that weird crosshair ... 
  thanks !, 
  i actually had this bug a few times myself . 
  it happens after the loading screen , just before the team selection screen there is a different screen with a counter that counts down from 0:05 to 0 . 
  you can skip it . 
  it happens every now and then , but not always and basically your game just freezes while it displays that 0:05, 
  i solved the bug by changing around my video settings , i ca n't remember which setting i changed sadly , but try it for yourself , 
  almost had a one clip ace like this in office as ct. . just stormed the projector room , killed 4 ts with the mag7 but missed the last one  . <, 
  still got the ace though . 
  ahhh sometimes you wish you were recording, 
  [ leberk\u00e4se-semmeln ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/leberk%c3%a4sesemmel.jpg ), 
  this should help you finding your own sensitivity :, 
  it 's made for source , but works aswell for go or any other fps . 
  i 'm from europe aswell , and i just recently got master guardian ii . 
  the first 2 matches or so were fine , then i had a 4 hacker streak . 
  blatantly obvious hackers even . 
  also , we do n't have brazilians , but we have russians with high pings or french that ca n't speak english :p ( no offense to anyone ), 
  it was a streak , i can also go a week without cheaters , but on that day i got really unlucky . 
  i 'm not the best in cs , but i know what is possible , even with luck , and what is n't . 
  and one of the guys response when i accused him of aimhacking was `` yea , but you wallhack noob . '', 
  i lol 'd . 
  but the title of the article says `` for hours '' . 
  duuuuuude . 
  he 's blind , he wo n't see nothin, 
  i agree , i have n't heard of this genre before this song , but i really enjoy it . 
  [ here ] ( https://soundcloud.com/minor-u/minoru-187 ) 's their soundcloud btw , you can dl the song for free there aswell . 
  yes and yes . 
  intel i7 3610qm 2.3 ghz, 
  nvidia geforce gtx 670m 3gb, 
  win7 64bit, 
  yes . 
  it 's a laptop . 
  pretty powerful for it though . 
  should be able to run csgo with 120 fps at 800x600 , 
  it is enabled . 
  and yea , one would think so , but why do i not see any framerate improvement once i lower my screen resolution from 1900x1080 to 800x600 ? 
  multicore rendering is enabled . 
  actually , the laptops built in monitor is 120hz . 
  i 'm not using hdmi or anything . 
  i 'm sure it 's running 120hz , it says so in the nvidia control panel . 
  also , all vsync is off . 
  my framerate is n't even stable , it goes up and down from 60 to 80 , very randomly . 
  the power-saver ? 
  it 's off already . 
  wow , that 's a very nice solution , thanks for that , 
  ca n't use q then though , i suppose ? 
  or would it somehow work with incrementvar or something like that ?
