  i do n't know how anyone can still think that . 
  there is just no way to have a perfect hitreg in an environment where the clients have 50 + ping each . 
  if you have client side perfect hit detection , other issues arise . 
  for example you might get shot after getting behind cover . 
  it also would make hacking easier . 
   surrealistic ~ ~ lake ~ ~ photo editing, 
  this has been posted many times before , mostly on / r/trees , / r/woahdude and / r/lsd . 
  second time on this subreddit . 
  i agree . 
  the game is way too easy as it is , and i 'm always annoyed at people constantly begging for the game to be made even easier on here through various ways . 
  i 'm not for circumsision , but your argument is stupid . 
  that 's not how statistics work . . 
  not grammatically, 
  i was gon na say myst . 
  bored ? 
  just go through a book into a completely different world !, 
  just do n't let the brothers trick you . 
  antichamber has been beaten in less than 10 minutes , the average player will still take 7 + hours for their first playthrough . 
  green is the culprit , not red . 
  404 on the first link : /, 
  6 ' 5 here , wish i was 6 ' 2 . 
  at my height public transportation sucks even more than it usually does . 
  fuck planes especially . 
  it 's not your `` legal income '' . 
  google owes you nothing . 
  they can decide who to pay what . 
  mexico , i 'd love me some tacos right now . 
  it 's not that easy to get proper ones around here in europe . 
  yes i do , i 'll just buy as many different ingredients as i can and mix them in different ways , they 're always delicious , 
  not sure if google translate , but in german you 'd either say just `` aber ich . 
  '' , or , if you want to use the `` bin '' you 'd also need to add the adjective , in this case `` hart '' . 
  ^ ^ ^ goddammit ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ said ^ ^ ^ it . 
  `` ich bin es '' works , but still sounds a bit outdated/wrong to my ears . 
  it might be a regional thing though , german is quite a diverse language . 
  i recently moved about 200km for uni and the differences in dialect are astounding . 
  i kept having to ask people what certain words meant . 
  hey , i 'm from austria , for all you know i could be grammar hitler himself . . ^ ^ ^ ^ nein !, 
  hmmm but not in this case . 
  if somebody said `` ich bin nicht xyz '' , then `` ich bin 's '' is okay and normal . 
  but if somebody says `` ich bin xyz '' you would n't say ich bins , but `` ich auch '' . 
  so yea , `` ich auch '' would work . 
  true , i remembered the parent comment wrong . 
  yea it works as an answer to the question `` wie hart bist du ? '', 
  but i was going with our context , did n't think about spongebob , 
  preaching to the choir , sozusagen . 
  holy shit i had to stop halfway through . 
  that is so though to read . 
  ouch . 
  5000 `` speed '' means 5000 units per second , not 5000 units in the time hookshot takes , that would make no sense ... 
  * in the us, 
  it does n't tell me anything about my city . 
  did n't you read his comment ? 
  he said they were well mantained !, 
  maybe not thousands , but i did get at least a couple hundred out of it . 
  even without modding , i just enjoyed the game for what it was . 
  people bash it for the weak combat , lame graphics and the weird and stupid main quest . 
  i just spent hours on a multiplayer server , interacting with people from the whole world , building huge ( not always very beautiful lol ) buildings and structures and learning the ins and outs of redstone until i was able to build some pretty awesome and complex machines that left others dumbfounded . 
  later on i got so involved that i was made admin of our little server , so i spent lots of time hunting griefers and scripters , either locking them up somewhere in their own little world and killing them repeatedly until they left or just outright banning them . 
  we had lots of fun tracking down griefers , then using a plugin ( logblock ftw ) to just roll back all the damage they had done with one command . 
  i even learnt how to use remote server access to restart the server or install new plugins back then . 
  i always enjoyed creative mode more than plain old surivival . 
  especially with tools like worldedit i could mess around for hours just building these huge floating islands , or these big arenas with some kind of special redstone devices . 
  this was all pre-commandblock , but i remember how excited i got when they were being implemented for the first time . 
  i wanted to use them in so many things , sadly i kinda lost interest in the game as a whole back then since `` my '' server went offline . 
  minecraft will always have a special place in my gamer heart , even though i 'm - as you are - burnt out by now . 
  does it matter ? 
  omitting 7 characters does n't make it that much shorter , while possibly confusing people who do n't immediately think of minecraft when they see `` mc '' ( i think of mobile computing for example ) . 
  i 've been to hell and back and back to hell and back !, 
  age sex location, 
  they never hide over here in austria . 
  they are always out in the open , you can often see them soon enough to slow down if you are only going maybe 20 kph over . 
  i 've heard it 's actually illegal for them to hide behind something , they have to stay out in the open , but i have n't fact checked that claim and it might be false . 
  i 've woken up at 2am before thinking i oberslept . 
  i had gone to sleep at half past 12 . 
  that probably comes from doing the exercise wrong . 
  you are supposed to hold you back flat on the ground and keep it there , as soon as your lower back lifts off the ground you are doing something wrong . 
  if you ca n't keep it on the ground , lift your feet higher up to make it easier . 
  also plug to / r/bodyweightfitness and its wiki . 
  better than margarine usually . 
  still about half saturated fats . 
  are they ? 
  i 've always heard the opposite :p, 
  i know how many myths fly around in food and nutrion sciences though , would n't be surprised if that 's wrong aswell . 
  the trans and whatever fats in margarin are n't healthy though , right ? 
  but saturated fats , do n't they clog up your arteries & raise cholesterine levels and whatnot ? 
  i 'm not reallylooking into loosing weight , if anything i should probably gain a few kilos , but i 'm trying to eat healthy in general . 
  thanks for the infos and video !, 
  i 'm just hearing so much conflicting information on a day to day basis that i often find it hard to know what to believe in . 
  thanks for your comment !, 
  am from austria , can confirm . 
  surprised this is uncommon elsewhere . 
  sometimes ( like in the scs , biggest shopping center in our country ) they have electronic signs for each row that tell you how many free spaces there are . 
  they do n't seem to work as reliably though ( as in , they say there 's 2 left when there actually are none  .  ), 
  well , you 'll love our pub , it 's directly on campus , next to the dorms and has some good cheap beers , 
  monday 's `` seiterl '' - night , so the 0,33 l beer is pretty cheap then ( 1,80 $ i believe ) . 
  honestly , if it means having an enjoyable , higher quality and smooth video experience i do n't care about emotes or the chat in general . 
  they might aswell disable it , i have it hidden on twitch all the time aswell . 
  there 's nothing of value coming from 1000 's of people spamming kappa for hours on end . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  there 's a line between believably stupid and unbelievably stupid . .
