  that 's ( i assume ) also the reason why valve pays the map makers . 
  damn at 3:48 ... 
  random guy - `` need a hand ? '', 
  girl `` yea , i do n't know whose this is here ... '', 
  `` whose bike this is ? 
  i do n't know . 
  let me help you open the chain ! '', 
  it did n't even occur to him that she might be trying to steal it . 
  oh , those are supposed to be houses ? 
  i thought they were just pillars with little roofs . 
  i did n't see any walls and therefor was confused as to what the roofs are meant for , i assume you just have n't finished building em !, 
  keep it up , looks great . 
  yea , that 's the problem , servers do n't pay for themselves . 
  the server i played on was run on a spare machine the owner had lying around at his workplace , 
  kinda sucked sometimes because when the server machine had a problem we had to wait until he got back to work the next day or so to fix it haha . 
  but we still had loads of fun on there . 
  i was admin , good times . 
  eat more at once . 
  i would n't count on any of these ` big ' items to be included so soon except for respawning loot maybe . 
  do you really think he voluntarily helped her steal a bike just like that ? 
  i ca n't believe he really thought she was stealing it and just went ahead and cracked it open for her . 
  pretty sure it would 've made him liable in court if this would 've been a real situation . 
  edit : this sounded a bit rude , sorry . 
  i was wondering why they never bothered fixing the houses and tents that do n't spawn stuff , that makes sense actually !, 
  no , but all servers show up in the server list . 
  you just ca n't join the ones with a different version than your client . 
  and usually break your legs . 
  yea and i said i would n't expect any other than the respawning loot . 
  your point ? 
  i noticed the scoop stretcher too . 
  those things are just too handy . 
  i 'd love an ios app since his does n't even work . 
  will try your app at home later though . 
  how about now , did the issues got resolved ? 
  thinking about buying it , but not if it 's still broken . 
  but no square black holes !, 
  you need a triple \\ \\ actually to account for the underscores ( underscores usually make words italic ), 
  we had / nick for our `` premium '' rank aswell on our server  later we had to cut the use of it down though because people abused it a bit :p, 
  not in australia . 
  i remember that vid , you sure that was by the dev team and not some random guys proof of concept video ? 
  an amnesia style door system would indeed be great . 
  i do n't know why more games do n't do it that way . 
  i know it 's probably a bit more work than `` press e to play the door opening animation '' but it 's way cooler . 
  please elaborate . 
  it did work very well for me, 
  i do n't think that you would win one over that , but you could over more serious insults that personally attack somebody . 
  problem is having sufficient proof to actually win . 
  you could get up on the skybox by grenadejumping in one version of nuke , but outside , not at ramp . 
  they fixed it quickly though . 
  easy there , big star . 
  i think r_drawparticles 0 ( or something similar ) removes the smoke itself , but not the overlay when you run into it . 
  they never said it , but they also have n't denied it . 
  people had expectations and those have n't been met , they can be disappointed , but they ca n't really be mad at valve . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed too , they should 've taken 5 old and 5 new maps imo . 
  well played . 
  only for a `` yeah ! '', 
  no , he is right . 
  i work as a paramedic , some people are in wheelchairs because they can not strain their legs for very long , but can still walk short distances no problem , or climb into an ambulance for example . 
  not saying that guy was n't a total fraud though , he outright lied to his viewers . 
  oh , i agree . 
  i was just going off of the trastebys comment basically . 
  because it 's superior to gifs in pretty much every way ? 
  try putting your fov on lowest , it 's almost like looking through a 4x magnifying scope . 
  wow , this is really uncommon here in austria . 
  providers constantly make ads about who has the fastest `` unlimited '' internet , but then there 's the small print where it says that after 3-5gigs your speed goes down to like 60 kb/s , and good luck streaming netflix with that . 
  in arma 2 the fov was locked though . 
  good to hear . 
  this only works to a certain extent , but it 's a good tip !, 
  does n't it hurt landing on water with skis on ? 
  nope sadly not . 
  you could try holding them in your hands and carefully shooting them while holding them though ... _ caaaaarefully _, 
  the molly came from the t 's down the ladder . 
  does it say 1480 or 14bc ? 
  hah , thanks for this , 
  btw , i agree arma 3 does a good job and i wish dayz would take a lot more from it . 
  especially movement-wise . 
  he did n't get a single nade through that door . . 
  there 's a few broken dm spawns , not just in the operations . 
  for example you can still spawn on a site on dust1 stuck in the air , unable to move . 
  yea , but i remember the lag-glitch getting fixed pretty quickly after popping up on reddit . 
  i wonder why they did n't just remove the dumpster ... 
  your gravity example does n't make much sense to me ... why would gravity turn your eyeballs ? 
  are eyeballs heavier at the iris than at the back ? 
  why if we could have a command that commandblocks can use ? 
  this is probably the first time i 've seen this bot actually work . 
  the last few times he either took a screenshot of a blank page or an error message . 
  or , as in arma 2 , the player seems to ` sink ' into the ground a bit while prone in grass . 
  heute sucks . 
  tbh , i do n't think we 're worse off than other countries though . 
  i was pleasantly surprised how cheap ssd are already . 
  their price dropped much quicker than i anticipated . 
  also you can get 2tb hdds for like 80 bucks now , which is amazing . 
  yea , i 've brought that up before . 
  it does n't seem like a hard fix , i just do n't think mojang has noticed that problem yet . 
  almost as bad as the pro90 players . 
  it should n't be slower than just swimming though . 
  even when controlled , it should actually be useful . 
  _ maybe _ slower than a wooden one , but imd just keep them at the same speed . 
  they are already more expensive , that 's the downside . 
  just watched the source video , yep , it 's b.
