  hope it does n't get banned on too many subs . 
  hahahaha , bugfixing is fun . 
  wikibot , define feed the beast, 
  yes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feed_the_beast, 
  there we go . 
  nice, 
  my musics teacher was a big fan of african music , we had to sing a song with those clicks in it aswell once ... 
  we ended up having like 6 guys who did the clicking when it came up and the rest just sang the text haha . 
  huh ? 
  pretty sure it is n't , man , i 've seen spikes at times i actually remembered waking up , and if i wake up an hour or so early and then wait until it rings it will also show that i 've been awake since when i actually woke up . 
  fix oida . 
  pretty sure dvorak has been debunked as a `` quicker '' keyboard layout . 
  no , sadly not . 
  i 'm not even sure if that is n't a bug . 
  you 're wrong , there 's health aswell in the sa . 
  yup , i remember that aswell . 
  fun times on recruit servers ... 
  @ your char being alive again : i 've noticed it before that fall damage does n't seem to reliably kill you sometimes . 
  i 've the excact thing happen to me aswell twice now . 
  if somebody shoots me , i 'm really dead though . 
  i was wondering about that aswell before . 
  i have n't seen it mentioned in any roadmap or whatever since then ... 
  depends on different things , the `` rage '' - hackers will probably only loose when put against another one with a better hack or lower ping . 
  some nice guy i used to play with a lot was always around mg rank . 
  have n't played with hin for maybe 3 weeks , and suddenly he is supreme master ... 
  also unfriended . 
  instead of putting down your headphones , just mute them or write voice_enable 0 into the console . . 
  ca n't we combine nerfing and buffing ? 
  300-500 seems to be too low considering how fast you get blood if you are healthy at the moment anyways . 
  i suggest something like 2k-2 .5 k for blood and 1k for salines . 
  it should still take as much blood from you as it gives , though !, 
  if you play with just one buddy , let him take your blood and you takes his blood and just keep it . 
  now you can give him his blood back if he needs it without having to switch it out again . 
  me neither , ops advice is just his anectotal experience . 
  mosin takes clips , not mags . 
  and he 's got one clip . 
  actually i 've seen a demo of him playing . 
  it was quite obvious . 
  it was n't that easy to just unfriend him , bc i had enjoyed playing with him . 
  but i 'm not gon na waste my time with hackers . 
  i forgive you too . 
  e : apparently i should n't . 
  hold tab to see the players , use arrow up and down keys to select the one to mute , hit enter and check `` block communications '' . 
  not sure about the sa , in the mod there were differences like nameplates , map markers , peripheral dots and so on . 
  you did n't know it because it 's not true . 
  you could also make it so that it does n't 1shot kill from further away , kinda like the aug but with a little bit more range . 
  because they nerfed it to the point where it 's gotten relatively useless in 5v5s . 
  i 'd rather they keep the running and noscope accuracy and keep the price at 2700 than reduce the price like they did . 
  it 's cheaper now , yes , but the ump is still cheaper . 
  the 5-7 is a lot cheaper . 
  the galil/famas is about the same . 
  all weapons you 'd rather buy at the moment . 
  thanks for including the font , man !, 
  please do , i 'm interested . 
  maybe pm me when you get it out , 
  it can , but ridk vs reward is so much higher for it than other weapons . 
  i 'd rather buy armor + famas ( is the famas 2.2 k ? 
  ca n't remember srry ), 
  that 's the sad thing , the bots get banned from the subs they would be the most useful on . 
  maybe the r/gifs mods do n't want html5 to push gifs off their throne . 
  tbh , i was waiting for a bigger one . 
  ^ ^ ^ * whose, 
  i would n't even be mad . 
  instead of moving the iron bars to the side of the block , just make the ironbars door open like a fencegate . 
  worldedit is so much easier to use , faster , you do n't have to get out of the game and open your world in another program every damn time you want to do something and with the worldedit ui mod it was the probably the best mapmaking tool around . 
  i still hope they put something like it into creative mode at some point, 
  the redstoneblock, 
  the noteblock of course ... 
  this suggestion has popped up so . 
  often . 
  since they introduced bookshelves a few years ago ... 
  why not boats ?? 
  and it 's still not in the game . 
  it 'd be * kinda * nice , but not necessary at all . 
  also , bc of the way minecraft works , it would break stuff , and nobody wants to break stuff for something so minor and at it 's core useless feature . 
  the thing is , why waste time working on coding this thing if you can spend it for things that are actually useful ? 
  this is just such a minor thing , people might like it for 1 day but after that the novelty will be gone . 
  and do n't come with `` but it 's so easy to implement '', 
  no , it 's not . 
  i like the idea , but tbh , i doubt we will see it in game . 
  why ? 
  because minecarts are entities , they work differently than blocks , and i do n't know how adding slimeblock properties to a minecart would work out . 
  not a bad idea i guess , but would this actually work in theory ? 
  i mean , does n't the game still have to calculate what blocks the chunks contain to `` compress '' them to the `` average '' color/shape ? 
  and would it really help with the rendering ? 
  you are just arguing against using a sticky block for the recipe . 
  we could scratch the slime block and instead just use a redstone block instead of one dust ( as someone else has suggested further up ) in the recipe , you know , to give it more * power * to push people away . 
  that seems logical to me, 
  `` downvote and move on like you 're supposed to '', 
  yea , because fuck discussion . 
  on mobile, 
  sorry , but yahoo answers ? 
  * shudder *, 
  and i enjoy it quiet, 
  close enough ? 
  just implement worldedit already !, 
  until they fixed it . 
  they did fix it eventually , did n't they ? 
  same and ctrl + f freerider linerider, 
  what the hell stop downvoting i found it again alright .
