  i 'm not pro-smoking in real life , haha , and i life in a country where literally every second person smokes . 
  i 'm just playing with ideas here . 
  instead of cigarettes you could use certain drugs or medicaments , each with their own buffs and debuffs , addictiveness and so on . 
  i realize that , but fp servers have always been in the minority , at least as long as i have played . 
  people like it easy , people like having an advantage like that , even if it means the other players have the same advantage . 
  many have never even played on an fp server before , they are just used to playing on 3p and miss out on the experience . 
  i am very sure rocket wo n't be able to fix all the isses the 3p mode brings with the camera panning , without making super annoying using 3p in a city , since the camera would be constantly zooming all over the place . 
  and i imagine it would have to be very annoying to actually be effective . 
  it does affect me because it splits up the playerbase so much . 
  there 's already way too few fp servers in the mod that are populated , especially at nighttime . 
  as ihaywirei said , a fov slider is in the sa . 
  putting the fov to 180 will distort your view to a point that the game would be unplayable , unless you use 5 monitors next to each other . 
  i do n't see how having a 3rd person mode makes the game more realistic . 
  you can still look around in first person mode , yes , you loose some peripheral vision , but you do n't actually gain much peripheral vision in the distance with the 3p mode , you can only see more * around * your character at very close range . 
  why have a special backpack ? 
  just let us use the normal backpack we carry around , so we can put that in the tree and go grab a new one somewhere . 
  i completely blended out the laugh track in my brain when i watched it the first time . 
  after rewatching it , i do n't even know how i have n't noticed the horrible noises these people produced . 
  there 's he crossbow for now , i guess you coul put poison on bolts aswell . 
  but archery ... not a bad idea !, 
  needs to be balanced though , at the moment nobody uses the xbow because the arrows take so much inventory space and it takes ages to reload . 
  i do n't have time to give you a proper answer right now , but since you seem to like 3p mode : can you tell me why you like it better than fp ? 
  how do you think fp ( and 3p ) could be improved ? 
  oh sorry , for some reason i understood it like that . 
  do you play other fp games ? 
  or do you get nausea in genral from fp games ? 
  because the nausea might just be caused by the low fov , the head bobbing or the negative mouse acceleration in arma , at least the first two issues should get adressed in the sa , and i hope they also fix the acceleration . 
  still on my frontpage ? 
  not a bad idea , but i 'm afraid it wo n't stop the abuse of 3p mode . 
  nevertheless , would n't mind it at all . 
  maybe it does n't hide it for mobile apps . 
  oh yea , tons of wasted plastic . 
  also , they 're less hygienic since you are flossing with the same piece of floss over and over . 
  ... trust me , i will write a gui interface in visual basics to track your ip adress for that !, 
  i hate this . 
  it 's always confusing wether someone is just dividing up the number into 1000 's or if he is using decimals . 
  535.434 could be 535000 + 434 , or 535 + 434/1000 . 
  same with 535,434 . 
  in jorahfriendzoned 's example it does n't matter which he uses though . 
  just because your country uses . 
  instead of , does n't mean he has to do it that way . 
  also , i propose we divide 1000 's up like this from now on : 10 ' 047 ' 153, 
  \\ + grey & orange, 
  is it ? 
  ca n't i talk about ( & do maths with ) dollars as an european using my own system ? 
  so , when you use currency in math , you suddenly switch periods and commas depending on which currency you are using ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  there 's different languages , and languages are also split up into different dialects and sub-language . 
  this is basically just a debate about american english vs british english and the usage of periods over commas in either language . . 
  neither are wrong , and it does * not * matter what currency you are talking about . 
  you could n't even draw your own silver ... 
  disappointing . 
  no argument ist the best argument , huh ? 
  i did n't know i 've been debating with a non-person . 
  which also affects 3p mode though . 
  i was watching the guy going into long from behind on the minimap , while also seeing the awp guy look at long , thinking : `` he 's gon na hit him , he 's gon na hit him '' bam headshot haha , ns . 
  the possibility that it would even start flying in such a stable way and not just in circles around itself is pretty slim . 
  this was actually discussed in austia a little while ago , our police wanted them mandatory for all bikes , the idea was n't received well though ( by the public ) , so it 's unlikely to happen . 
  for everyone looking for the song like i was , here it is :, 
  [ buffalo springfield - for what it 's worth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diokr9vdg3a ), 
  that song is by an american country/folk-rock band . 
  huh , where do you get that from ? 
  it was actually inspired by the `` sunset strip riots '' in ' 66 . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/for_what_it%27s_worth_\\ ( buffalo_springfield_song \\ ) #origin ) 's the wiki article i found about it . 
  oh , i 'm sorry : / i found it to be a very interesting story nevertheless . 
  have you read how the song title came to be ? 
  god i would hate permanent slower speed , the map is big enough already . 
  that sounds reasonable and doable , 
  probably germans . 
  source : `` deutscher '' . 
  ( deutsch = / = dutch , guys ), 
  looks like a candidate for / r/perfectloop to me , just needs some photoshop skills and there we have an infinite looping gif of a guy trying to get the egg out of a pan . 
  huh , never made that mistake before . 
  probably because danes are called `` d\u00e4nen '' in german and dutch `` niederl\u00e4nder '' . 
  makes a lot more sense anyways , not sure where the `` dutch '' came from . 
  life will actually be shorter that way . 
  ah , it 's like us austrians , we always get mixed up with australia . 
  it * had * to clip through the hand for the screenshot , had n't it ? 
  1 minute too late , buddy . 
  somebody posted a vid here while back where he did that jump * backwards * . 
  i put this gif into an editor and watched it frame by frame a while back because i thought the same , but it actually just * looks * as if it appeared out of nowhere because of the low fps , it actually was in the shadow before you can clearly see the bolt in the gif . 
  try aligning the circles with the bright stars properly , they 're all a little bit off , especially the left one . 
  hehe , 
  good , now go on his subreddit and read the stickied post . 
  reddler is just a troll account , there 's no solution to his riddles . . 
  is it ? 
  because he 's just another troll , go on his subreddit and read the only post there . 
  whatever . 
  he 's misleading people and getting them to seriously think about something that has no answer . 
  sure , looks like he just deleted his account and made the sub private anyways . 
  damn he 's quick . 
  the video is even more amazing though . 
  welp , ghostery is blocking that whole webpage for me . 
  rear-ending him would 've been the smarter option , going head-on into oncoming traffic is pretty much the worst thing you could do in this situation . 
  from the video it looks like you implemented it with drinking already , but can you not just eat/drink parts of your steak/soda/whatever ? 
  if your hungerbar is at 90 % , why ca n't you just eat one bite and be full , saving the rest for later ? 
  if you had 10 % hunger , it would just automatically start the animation again once it finished until you are either not hungry anymore , run out of food , or cancel the animation . 
  this would give eating more `` meaning '' like op described it . 
  at the moment in the mod , it 's just `` press the button '' , play a short animation an be done with it . 
  i 've seen this excact image on a different sub months ago , and i still remember taking at least 10 minutes to realize that this building was indeed 3 dimensional .
