  thanks for doing this , 
  players are just adjusting to it . 
  you have to use it a lot differently than you used to . 
  some have figured that out and can use it quite well again , although not as well as before of course . 
  where 's the sauce ?? 
  that 's right actually , but the puck might 've hit his back and still gone in from how he was standing . 
  it probably would 've missed the goal though . 
  but yea , still very nice catch . 
  hey , he didnt fix that one, 
  thanks, 
  what is really amazing is that the picture will keep looking colourful as long as you keep your eyes on the black dot , even if you blink . 
  but the second you look somewhere else ... bam , grey again . 
  i do n't think it would be very comforting to watch a whole movie without moving your eyes off a little black dot in the middle of your tv for 90-120 minutes , only seeing everything around the center with your peripheral vision ... 
  not sure why those numbers got chosen , but if you count down from 15 , they are timed quite well . 
  had to watch it about 4 times to realize that the middle one is the human and the other 2 were just puppets ... at first i thought it was a black guy with 2 puppets on his back haha . 
  looks pretty cool though . 
  i laughed so hard i got tears in my eyes ... jeez that was hillarious . 
  what plugin did you use for the bottom left battery indicator ? 
  go home , linkfixerbot . 
  thanks !, 
   res and the apps just do n't know how to handle something with the score hidden ( yet ) , so they 'll show a score of 1 ( 1 upvote , 0 downvotes ) until they 've implemented it . 
  this is not a css modification , it 's built into the site itself . 
  i 'm using a pink one , and it is always very visible . 
  you should try color_r and color_b 255 , g 0, 
  natural for most gamers is space bar because it 's used in most games ( also many players that are new to cs have no idea about bunnyhopping ), 
  also , i always use my trigger finger for the scroll wheel , not my middle finger , so i could n't shoot while jumping if i had it bound that way . 
  that 's ... very interesting indeed , have n't heard that before haha, 
  what do you use for zoom then ? 
  and that 's how you use pistols . 
  aim for the head `` tap tap '' , repeat . 
  i like how you lined up the taser with the music a bit :d pretty nice video !, 
  everytime i restart csgo , the aliases are gone !, 
  the bind still `` works '' , but it just outputs in the console :, 
  unknown command : + ng, 
  unknown command : - ng, 
  i have to rewrite the alias everytime : / any idea how i could fix that ? 
  kk , you go live off of petrol for a month while i have my tasty sushi . 
  thanks for making my brain hurt ... 
  what plugin are you using for the mail and for the icons in the bottom right ? 
  looks very nice btw !, 
  i like it . 
  yup , and this video has been posted last week in this subreddit . 
  relevant :, 
  / r/frisson, 
  / r/quoteporn, 
  google translate ? 
  it sounds quite funny , 
  haha not really , 
  but our mountains are really this beautiful !, 
  oh god . 
  i 'm dying of laughter d :, 
  a quick google search did the job , 
  there 's an edit button , 
  here 's what fixed the crappy quality for me :, 
  ingame , open your steam overlay , press settings in the bottom , then go to the voice tab and lower your `` receive volume '' . 
  i had to set mine to 60 % , you can mess around with it and test it with the `` test microphone '' button . 
  the setting might get reset every time you restart the game though , at least that 's what happened to me . 
  there 's a command you can put in you autoexec to set it , but i forgot what it was , sorry . 
  maybe google can help you . 
  quite old puzzle/exploration game which had amazing graphics for its time . 
  you can actually pick it up for ios now for a few bucks , and i defenitely recommend it !, 
  as far as i can remember it , there is nobody there to help you , no obvious hints on what you have to actually do . 
  it is very immersive , has a pretty good story and it also can fuck you over completely . 
  the sequels were very good aswell ( especially myst 2 ( i think it 's called riven ) is veryy very difficult ), 
  everything is explained right here :, 
  you lazy . 
  googling something is often faster than asking in reddit , especially such short questions like this , 
  also , i like lmgtfy.com , haters !, 
  where excactly does it tell me how many wins i need to rank up ? 
  i ca n't see that anywhere . 
  i know , but why is it advertised then ? 
  confused me . 
  you could edit your post . 
  pretty much all the skins on the screen are heavily modified , but here 's the originals i used :, 
  * lyrics , controls and albumart : scalpi v2, 
  * apps : soul, 
  * powericons : miipower, 
  * top clock : pileus, 
  * bottom small clock : enigma, 
  * cpu/ram at the bottom-center : flat, 
  you can find all the skins under those names on deviantart . 
  wallpaper found on / r/wallpapers right [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers/comments/1bvfwt/tranquility_1920x1200/ ) . 
   include in the comments download links to all skins and wallpapers used in your post . 
  if you put a / in front of r / `` subredditnamehere '' , it will automatically link to that subreddit . 
  if you just put r/somethingsomething , it will not make a link for you . 
  the linkfixerbot automatically detects posts that contain the ones without a slash in front and fixes them . 
  me , too . 
  especially that you can see the skull like that is kinda creepy , but really awesome at the same time, 
  this . 
  just because it 's a funny/stupid ad , it does n't belong in this sub . 
  thanks !, 
  got ta love blink , 
  i 'll check it . 
  e : look at that , blink on the frontpage :p, 
  especially if you shoot * over * the bots half of the time ... 
  * we need to go deeper ... *, 
  tell him to pull his crosshair down when shooting with the negev haha , 
  pretty nice , but imho the stars and the moon are a bit too much . 
  would look better with just the lights and the triangle . 
  also , if you google `` pink floyd '' , this is actually the first picture you 'll find .
