  i do n't like that they just let server owners use the white colored text messages like this . 
  i feel like server messages should have their own color or boldness or whatever so admins ca n't be dicks and confuse new players . 
  it 's not so much the logout animation that sucks ( it 's there to prevent people from combat logging ) , but abusive admins . 
  and the fact that there is a `` combat-log '' animation when you get _ kicked _ . 
  in this case you ca n't just take the `` soll '' out of `` sollbruchstelle '' . 
  a `` sollbruchstelle '' is it 's own word , meaning `` predetermined breaking point '' . 
  the breaking point where it _ should _ break . 
  source : german grammar nazi . 
  are you on mobile ? 
  everyone could feed the world . 
  the question is just , for how many nanoseconds ? 
  i 've found that people often use the downvote button as a `` no '' for questions . 
  i think the delta bot sometimes takes a bit to actually award the delta . 
  just give it an hour or so . 
  hows your fps usually ? 
  i got a 4670k and a geforce 770 and outside of towns i get around 60 fps without anti-aliasing , in bigger towns like around cherno it drops to 45 still though : /, 
  have you played the game or the mod at all ? 
  this always used to happen when you get hit . 
  it 's not you healing up , the screen just gets grey for a short time when you get hit . 
  it 's literally always been like that . 
  they should , but only when you have a weapon in your hand . 
  i do n't want to guess where i should look when i want to pick up a can or something small from the ground . 
  yea alright . . 
  it 's really weird because usually in areas where i get lower fps the game just seems to start using my graphics card less . 
  every time my fps drop , the cards usage goes down to around 40 % . 
  usually it 's around 60 % usage and it only goes up to 100 % when i zoom in looking at the sky and the fps goes up to like 180 . 
  probably a sign of the unoptimized state i guess , since the game just does n't seem to use the power that it could . 
  my cpu usage also never goes above 60 % , so yea . 
  yup , i 've had that happen with different weapons already . 
  i do n't think you can shoot like that . 
  yea , but you ca n't change that . 
  you know how many posts and comments i 've read through that thaught people the `` correct '' usage of downvotes ? 
  many people do n't care . 
  sucks of course , but what are we gon na do ? 
  wrong subreddit dude , go check out something like / r/picrequests . 
  once you got the proper background you can come back to get a fitting clock skin , etc. 
  btw , the updaterate just takes whatever you have as `` update = '' at the start of the rainmeter file and use that amount of milliseconds times the updaterate as how often it will refresh . 
  usually your update will be at 1000 , an updatrate of 1800 therefore refreshes your weather once every 30 minutes . 
  oh alright , thought it was just delayed . 
  will do next time . 
  i love the combat knife . 
  the machete is my second fav atm aswell . 
  as the other guy said , 1 handed weapons are better at te moment . 
  ~ 3 headshots with a machete should kill a zed . 
  actually , the update that increased movement inaccuracy only applied to rifles if i remember correctly . 
  ahh it was all automatic guns , i remembered it wrong . 
  or at least an animation so you can see if the guy actually changed it or not when i pressed the darn t button . 
  i guess they could be used as such then , especially the tripwire design , as a first damage dealer and noise maker . 
  i love people replying to old comments , 
  that 's not his point . 
  his point is , a good server 's admins can use the titles to improve the server , and if the server sucks , why would you want to play on it in the first place . 
  unnnnstopable !, 
  i believe the sites used to be switched in 1.6 aswell , that 's why he said a , 
  well , they were just discussing if titles improved servers or not . 
  that was so interesting , damn . 
  thanks . 
  well , this has been working since they introduced the nether fence , i built a door that worked just like that about 1\u00a01/2 years ago and it 's still not ` fixed ' , so i doubt it ever will . 
  dubstep, 
   always goes to buyer for wasting 500 gm . 
  same with win8 not working . 
  2 dimensions ? 
  not at all , it was just one big world with the map in parts and you would teleport back and forth between those `` parts '' when you crossed certain lines , so seemless that you can not notice the teleport . 
  [ you can even activate noclip via the console ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=124848193 ) and fly around the different parts , it 's really interesting sine you can kinda see how everything is built up but sadly it 's really buggy outside the world since there 's no skybox . 
  but all the parts had to be loaded at the same time . 
  also , if there was no enclosed rooms but just platforms for example you could see the other platforms from yours since the other parts are actually not in another dimension but in the same world , just at different places . 
  anyway , the main problem would be performance as other people have pointed out in the comments , you 'd have to load parts of the nether as soon as somebody went close to a portal . 
  i do n't even think this would be a huge problem , you did n't even have to load more than a couple of chunks in the nether ( if you apply some heavy fog on the other side of the portal so it does n't look cut off ) , but there 's probably other technical issues with the code and whatnot . 
  i think if it was easy then there 'd probably be a mod already that does it , but i do n't think there is ( a real ) one . 
  i read trough all these comments and you fail to explain _ why _ you 'd eventually fall down . 
  why would gravity `` pull you in '' ? 
  since you are going sideways so quickly , would n't you still just keep orbiting ? 
  well , you two just go after realism , and do n't get me wrong , realism has its place in the game at some points , but in this case we should look at it from a gameplay perspective . 
  would you rather everyone has a mosin 5 minutes after spawn that can kill in 1-2 shots to the chest or make the better weapons more rare and the pistols less rare similar to the mod ? 
  how 'd you find this thread ? 
  _ cough cough _ i 've defenitely not rage-uninstalled the game after playing it the first time because of those skellies . . 
  i would never . 
  excactly , if they are forced onto another map they 're just gon na swap servers or start a vote to change it back . 
  if you do n't want dust2 look for some custom servers . 
  also it 's generally just stupid to force the majority of other players into something . 
  because people _ want _ to play the same map again ? 
  the cage mid from ct up to t boost is the hardest one . 
  i have n't been able to do it once . 
  basically you jump from the crate onto the little railing on the left side of mid , then strafe around the corner to the left on top of that little box and from there up to the boost spot . 
  ugh , that website uses auto-playing video ads for _ mobile _ ... just a warning . 
  i do n't have that much free internet each month to watch a goddamn 30 second video ad that buffers without my knowledge . 
  why would the reward system be so much work ? 
  just scale the drop - % with the exisitng elo system . 
  better elo , better drop chance . 
  if you just random every time your chance should go down to 0 % . 
  yea , from personal experience with a relative 's lung cancer the chemo is n't as bad as the radiotherapy . 
  it might just be a case to case thing though . 
  just fyi , you spelled `` algorithm '' wrong at the bottom there . 
  this video explains it . 
  it 's been like this for years now for popular videos that gain views quickly . 
  i 'm using a chrome addon to get rid of those and other annoying things off youtube , i believe it 's called `` spoi options '' . 
  there 's also a few others , youtube center and smartvideo for example . 
  edit : where are people getting the paying thing from ? 
  i have n't paid a single cent and the addon works just fine for me . 
  edit2 : nvm , they just purposely broke the addon with an update to get me to pay a subscription . 
  farewell spoi options , i 'll have to get an alternative : z,
