  that sounds promising !, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  metal . 
  m. e. t. a. l. 
  what ? 
  yes , there were some people not recommending infinite , but they all said the same thing : the gameplay is lackluster . 
  which is very true . 
  most people still recommended buying it . 
  and i do n't think i have seen a single negative comment about the last of us on reddit ( not including posts about ellie :p ), 
  you mean universally alright ( 8/10 ) , loved ( 9/10 ) , or shit ( 6/10 ) . 
  no , he said it can either be whomever or whoever depending on how you interpret the fragment . 
  did n't see it was the same person there !, 
  you are right . 
  it 's basically just an expense allowance . 
  you do n't really get paid for the blood , but for the time you spend getting there and giving blood and travel expenses . 
   me , i do n't care about internet points . 
  now you 're just saying excactly something that somebody who cares about internet points would say !, 
  jazz ? 
  more like liquid drum and bass or something, 
  hey , guys , look at the imgur link . 
  that 's why sheepiroth posted that comment . 
  i think . 
  just yesterday on epoch i headshotted a guy with the makarov , he immediately fell unconscious but did n't die straight away , a second shot to the head did the job though . 
  might have been a neck-shot or something ? 
  because i thought it did one-shot kill before , but i 'm not sure . 
  it 's a little bit difficult , but certainly not impossible . 
  i can open my backpack and put stuff in while riding my bike irl . 
  thanks for uploading , twitch is loading horribly slow for me , even slower than youtube . 
  what ? 
  i was n't complaining , bot !, 
  in landscape , the navigation bar ( with only 3 buttons ) takes up half the screen ... yea ... 
  the jumping framerate is annoying , have to lock it at 60 and it still stutters sometimes . 
  really fucks with my aim . 
  does n't hurt to suggest them now , does it ? 
  it is an advantage for the player closer to the wall . 
  why do you think it looks fake ? 
  because everything turns really dark during the reaction ? 
  that 's probably just because the camera is adjusting to the brightness , making everything around it dark . 
  tomatoes are delicious . 
  unless they are cooked . 
  source ? 
  / r/pocketsand, 
  fuuuck call that guy an ambulance . 
  he might have actually fractured his skull there . 
  not yet . 
  it 's pug 's , you ca n't always play with your buddies . 
  i did some testing with this a while ago , it actually handles totally different depending on where the machine is . 
  if you move it 1 block , it works differently everytime . 
  wtf ? 
  fuuuck he went right through the doors . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they were closed before , although we ca n't see that . 
  as an emt myself , i * always * put on a seatbelt when i can , especially when we 're driving with siren and blue lights on . 
  but sometimes we just have to get up and treat our patient , and one can only hope that we do n't get involved in an accident . 
  especially considering how deaf and blind some drivers seem to be . 
  you really see the worst kind of drivers after doing this job for a while . 
  we have one of those but it only goes up to around 1.90 m , and i 'm 1.93 m. . . not much , but still annoying . 
  must have been very close already , probably on it 's way to somewhere else . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm german and i do n't really know how an englishman would pronounce `` bratwurst '' , but i do n't get this one . 
  oh , is it `` brought wurst '' ? 
  that sounds so wrong ( to me ) . 
  and austria . 
   i 'm austrian but voted for germany, 
  liar , no austrian would do that . 
  it all depends on the situation . 
  if we have a patient whose heart stopped and who is being reanimated , there 's around 3-4 guys standing in the back of the car , 1 emergency doctor , 1-2 critical care paramedic and 1 paramedic . 
  that 's all just in my city , different cities and countries will have different cars and routines . 
  sorry that you got downvoted , i laughed , 
  chairboy is right with that one . 
  `` would of '' does n't exist in english . 
  not saying it was his fault , but the cammer was going way too fast for these conditions . 
  no reason to get mad . 
  you now know a little bit more about english , you should thank me for it , not get mad . 
  good review , but keep in mind that this game is locked at 30 fps , even on pc , and unlocking it via tools will break the game . 
  totalbiscuit has made a video on it a few weeks ago , it 's hilarious . 
  nobody really knows , it just seems to be really bad programming from the devs . 
  they tied fps to the actual speed of the game . 
  really bad programming . 
  well . . 
  it 's german for often . 
  maybe , but it 's just so unnecessary . 
  why lock it at 30 fps in the first place ? 
  i 'm not into racing games and i always turn off motion blur if i can , and so i despise low framerates in games . 
  for stuff like civ5 or other slow paced games it does n't matter , but for fps and similar games 30 fps would be a turn-off for me . 
  i agree , but it should let you choose if and where to cap it . 
  not mandatory for everyone at 30 . 
  i prefer `` you are insufferable , master . '', 
  i 've tried every single one of those things , and most of them have done fuck all if not make it worse . 
  how come the game ran at more than 140 fps at all times one day , then on the next , after the game updated , it suddenly ca n't even stay above 60 ? 
  actally , the other people complaining have most likely tried all that and more already aswell . 
  i 'm getting fed up about it , and the people in this thread , why should i , the paying customer , spend * hours * trying to fix something that obviously a game update introduced in the first place , and everything was for nothing anyways because * nothing * fixed it . 
  also getting fed by the people here that do n't experience the problem and are now talking shit about those that complain . 
  you would fucking too if you had the same problem and ca n't fucking fix it . 
  i think cgp grey mentions that in one of his videos , does n't he ? 
  either the one about europe or the netherlands one . 
  i always felt that eli15 would 've been more accurate for the sub . 
  it just does n't roll off the tongue as good . 
  heh , just when i go to the comment section to see if somebody else found the creeper . 
  is your creeper chasing a guy with a pickaxe aswell ? 
  that 's true , but looking in your mirrors before turning might save you from accidents like this . 
  e : downvotes for the win .
