   wanted the most recent doctors to be in the middle, 
  true , but he put this up 2-3 hours after my comment and even used the same formatting . 
  i 'm not mad at anyone , i just want it in the game !, 
  yea , i just read it in the patchnotes , cool stuff  they were really quick with the bugfixes !, 
  only when he 's got gold , which he does n't, 
  okay , i thought you had it from me because of the short amount of time between our posts . 
  nvm dude , not that important . 
  where 's the rabbit hole ? 
  i do n't know either : /, 
  also the alt text does n't work on mobile . 
  that 's a name changing hack that 's been around for years , and not just in counterstrike . 
  it makes it harder to start a vote-kick against you . 
  yes . 
  but since the snapshots i ca n't seem to prevent friendly mobs from moving , potion effects like slowness do n't seem to have an effect . 
  for some reason it works with all hostile mobs though . 
  ( bug ? ), 
  also , it 's a bit of a whacky workaround for a inconsistency in the code . 
  care to answer the pm i sent you like a week ago if you 've got some spare time for once ? 
  uhh , that must suck : /, 
  it 's just that i believe you banned me from the sub , and i 'm not here to whine but just have a discussion about it with the guy who banned me . 
  i know i was coming off as a bit rude , but i did n't mean to . 
  i 'm sorry i broke the rule where you should n't argue with a mod in the comments , and promise to keep that in my head from now on . 
  here 's what i 'm talking about by the way :, 
  cheers and keep up the great work of controlling the masses . 
  probably average from multiple attempts . 
  on the other hand , i 've only come back because of the great diversity of command blocks and because i 've always liked messing around with redstone while being bored by survival mc . 
  you 're one of the asshats that just give up and try to ruin the game for everyone else after a few rounds , saying `` kick me , kick me plx '' ? 
  i hate people that do this . 
  fuck you , seriously . 
  also , this one is really nothing special ( anymore ) . 
  i do n't get people who buy the sawed off over the nova . 
  maybe it 's just me , but the sawed off just does n't work . 
  not at close range , and especially not at long range . 
  it 's kinda weird to see this `` p90 sucks shit '' post after all the flak the gun got for being op in the past . 
  the p90 is still ridiculous in cqc maps like inferno and even at mid/long range you can get lucky . 
  little story : the first point helped me keep performing yesterday . 
  we were playing on cache , and it seemed like a pretty balanced match , first half went 7-8 for them , but there was this one guy who kept getting pretty ridiculous shots and was always at the right time at the right place aiming where you would come from . 
  regardless , we shrugged it off and kept playing . 
  ended up getting 41 kills , that 's more than i 've ever gotten before in one mm game , and some of the other team started calling hacks on me . 
  either way , we still lost 13-16 and after reviewing the demo it was clear that he had wh and triggerbot . 
  fuck cheaters . 
  reported over steam profile with a link to the demo . 
  these are great , need to rewatch them once i get home . 
  one tip for mirage a site , i 'm using a pop flash that bounces of the _ left _ beam of the same box you are using for the first popflash from under the balcony . 
  i do n't have a video since i 've found it myself , but it bounces off of the side of the brick stack from where you can jump up balcony and the pops right as it comes into view off action . 
  mess around a bit , i 'm sure you can find it . 
  i think it leaves the t 's less time to turn around , i 'm not sure though , need to test it ingame later . 
  you can also bounce one off the top of that crate so it flies into the air towards action , but it 's a bit harder to get right . 
  yea the one off the top is not as good , it pretty much pops above your head , semi-blinding you . 
  your second one is better . 
  the wp is cool , but the skins do n't go with it very well , imo . 
  thanks for the links though , 
  i actually filled out a bug report for the greyed out respawn button with broken legs ( since you could respawn with broken legs in the mod ) , but about half the people downvoted it , commenting stuff like `` breaking your legs should be a punishment , do something else or go outside for an hour until you die '' . 
  i mean , seriously . 
  dayz is ` different ' from other games , but that is just plain stupid . 
  let us respawn when we 're already down , at least during the alpha . 
  if these leavers ( for whatever reason ) do n't get punished then people will start doing it on purpose just to annoy everybody . 
  suggested excactly that 2 days ago or so , it got barely upvoted though : /, 
  check my profile , ca n't link since i 'm on mobile sorry . 
  the only problem i see woth this is that it makes it a lot harder to find a match the more different `` modes '' we have for matchmaking . 
  in certain areas/on certain maps/at certain times it can be already quite difficult to find a match , aka long queue times . 
  i 'd like to see teammatchmaking , but i 'm not sure it would be a good idea to split up the players even more . 
  yup , they want people raging at the system instead of the players ... 
  still not worth not putting it in imo . 
  i do n't blame you , i upvoted your post and wish more people would , else this will never get attention from mojang . 
  i completely agree , i do n't know why the hell you ca n't use relative coords in selectors . 
  at the moment , i would have to spawn a mob ( with slowness so he ca n't move ) above each commandblock i need that feature in , target that mob with execute and then just use the execute command to target a certain area ( eg . 
  execute @e [ type = zombie , r = 1 ] ~ 10 ~ 5 ~ 5 testfor @p [ r = 2 ] ) . 
  and even then i still ca n't make a cubed selection like with the selectors ( eg . 
  @p [ x = ~ , dx = 2 ] ), 
  true dat . 
  btw , i wish there was a way to have more than 1 witherskull in the world and still be able to select a specific one with a command ( at the moment i use squids with different names for that , but they ca n't fly ) , sadly you ca n't name witherskulls and i do n't know if there 's a different way to `` mark '' them . 
  at least that , yea : /, 
  it 's a bit difficult to describe , but this would n't work distance based . 
  i need to have a system to track each witherskull individually as they get teleported around . 
  it works fine with squid as long as they are on the ground . 
  if they need to be up in the air i need to spawn in a block and remove the block again below it . 
  oh , yea i could do the same thing with fixed coords but then i could n't move my creation around or import it into different worlds without having to change 100s of coordinates . 
  a game is not realistic . 
  if a gamemechanic sucks , you should implement something to make it suck less . 
  if i break my legs 5 km away from the next city ( usually happens because of some bug anyways ) i do n't want to crawl for the next 3 hours . 
  once the game is out of the alpha/beta , fine , disable it again . 
  but as long as trees and stairs can break your legs , give me to option to suicide . 
  what do you mean ? 
  how could you troll with that option ? 
  well you and your buddy can just decide to stick around spawn for the rest of the round and vote no on every kick-vote . 
  no difference here , your team will be down by 1 or 2 players . 
  how would it be worse if they did a knife fight or not ? 
  i 'll try that , thanks !, 
  why ca n't we see his legs on the street then ? 
  there 's no grass there . 
  also , in the last 2 screenshots i can clearly see a head floating above a weapon , and not a person sunken into the ground . 
  to be honest , without something to compare him too , we ca n't really tell if he 's floating or sunken into the ground . 
  if he was standing next to a tree for example , we could tell . 
  i still do n't get why he would sink into concrete . 
  he should only sink if there 's tall grass where he is standing . 
  well , wallbanging is so bad in csgo that it requires a lot of luck to get a kill . 
  no 1.6 nostalgia , just stating the obvious . 
  they 're not pushing , they 're waiting in line for a free awp bullet to the chest . 
  still a cool ace .
