  great , my game just crashed when i killed somebody in game under their tower , and now i ca n't get back in . 
  * sigh *, 
  yea but in real life you can hang off the side before dropping down . 
  then it 's only a ~ 1.5 meter drop, 
  why dont you click on the tag ? 
  oh man , got ta love dota mechanics . 
  i wan na know how many people knew about _ that _ before . 
  op wrote 3 hours ago that no , it is non-lethal . 
  ehh ... 
  some people might disagree , me included . 
  i liked the first one , but the second one i never finished . . 
  the third one i never played after hearing it 's reviews, 
  cool wallpaper !, 
  as a tip , if you use different wallpapers you might want to change the rainmeter setup so that the fonts use small black borders . 
  that way you can see it even on white backgrounds, 
  that works too, 
  your suggestion is 3 steps ( craft leather armor , craft iron armor , combine . 
  you could just do it in 2 steps ( craft leather armor , craft iron armor like usual with the leather armor piece in an empty spot ), 
   implying the game is n't way too easy . 
  wow . 
  this story is unbelievable . 
  i ca n't believe this . 
  how can somebody be so fucking evil ? 
  man . 
  xpost from / r/austria with link to ( german ) news story : [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/austria/comments/2trrjr/unsere_bundespolizei/ ) . 
  in short , the guy being chased robbed a store in december . 
  today his car got identified and the police began chasing him . 
  3 people in the crashed police car got hurt , but nothing serious . 
  the robber waslater on found hiding inside a construction site . 
  greenfelt ? 
  version with sound and the beginning cut out . 
  you can also pause the video at the point , right click and press `` copy link at that position '' . 
  is that why i sometimes dont see towers shoot creeps ? 
  or my own projectiles ? 
  that is the most annoying shit when last hitting under tower . 
  i do n't think i ` veever seen this ( or any other rule ) enforced , people are breaking them everyday . 
  they removed it right after they made them able to go into item frames , so yea . 
  wow that sounds ~ ~ illegal ~ ~ scummy . 
  so yea , not too surprising i guess . 
   [ -- ] stealthico 44 points 2 hours ago, 
  hah , someone went and made the account . 
   [ -- ] warfries 125 points 2 hours ago, 
  you can always count on someone to do it . 
  plus , it 's a good name . 
  did you even read the comment thread you are replying to ? 
  do you think we will get a sourced answer on this one ? 
  people are just gon na upvote what makes the most sense to them ( or what answer they _ want _ to be true ) , and i doubt that we 'll get a better answer than that unless somebody working at google/youtube is feeling like breaking some company code by talking about it on reddit . 
  reminds me , we get `` not my fuck up but my friends '' all the time . 
  hm , not that i really care . 
  yea , if you watch the other videos there wee a couple of bata and knives . 
  almost nobody acts out on their threats in front of a camera though , and if they try , they get jumped by ~ 5 guys . 
  a bat wo n't do much if you ca n't swing it cause somebody is holding it back . 
  thanks for sharing  awesome husband !, 
  jeez man calm down . 
  why are you even on this site if you find it so horrible ? 
  read your own comments , you are acting like a child . 
  * more often, 
  you are n't gon na shallow grave in smoke . 
  even if it 's locked , my pinky gets locked aswell . 
  i can not bend my pinky one bit if the ring finger does n't go along , except when i push it with my other hand . 
  it 's weird . 
  feels like i do n't have control over myself, 
  edit : just tried it again with my left hand and it works there . 
  what the hell . 
  i 'm just glad he did n't call it a `` double tap '' like all the dayz streamers ... 
  yea but it has different meaning . 
  i know , people just misuse it constantly . 
  well , at least they used to , i have n't heard it in a while now . 
  just fyi , you spelled stiegl wrong twice , 
  are you guys implying somebody would intentionally swerve into him just because he pointed out their illegal phone usage ? 
  who would do that ? 
  i have seen some crazy stuff on the road , like tailgaiting so close that the cars almost touched at 140kph on the motorway , but never have i seen or heard about somebody intentionally ramming somebody , be it motorcycle or other car . 
  not only do you run the risk of killing that person and spending the rest of your days in jail , you 'd also ruin your own vehicle . 
  of course there is cases of fist fights , but that 's not what i 'm getting at . 
  never overtake in an intersection !, 
  welp , those people are actually toying with their lifes . 
  thanks for the videos . 
  also his first title sucked almost as much as this one . 
  afaik , c is old and not really in use today , c++ and java are the big 2 in the business world . 
  for starting out people usually recommend simpler scripting languages like python , because their syntax is very easy to learn while the language is still very flexible . 
  ( http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book/ is a good beginners tutorial for python ), 
  for web , you 'll need html and css , and some kind of scripting language , usually javascript . 
  for databases , there 's the different kinds of sql languages . 
  just read the whole thing . . that was really interesting !, 
  as a relatively new dota player , how was early jungle farming nerfed excactly ? 
  was it just the pull camp change ? 
  hmm interesting , thanks for the link . 
  once you start eating a bowl you just ca n't stop . 
  i love apple chips even though i only semi-like apples . 
  i really liked it as a kid . 
  must 've been 8 or so when i read the first one . 
  i doubt i 'd like it as much today . 
  you know why people really downvoted you ? 
  because of your aggressive tone . 
  alright , then i 'm wrong . 
  heh , reminds me of a guy who went to sydney and looked for an apartment , when he finally found one for about 6-700 $ dollars or so rent . 
  he thought it was pricey but still okay . 
  turned out that 's weekly rent , not monthly . 
  ye the only way to get through is to never get too sober . 
  the nights are short enough that you can keep being drunk through it all .
