  who would want to steal those ? 
  i think i know the answer , dumb teenage girls . 
  ah , we do n't have walmarts in europe , at least not in my country . 
  our supermarkets only sell food and household items like soap . 
  read the sidebar . 
  needs more pixels . 
  there is n't infinite demand for those items , i 'm pretty sure their value will go down over time anyways . 
  this would just speed it up . 
  ( although i can imagine knives will stay valueable for quite a while ), 
  but i 'm sure once they put out new items those will be valueable again . 
  valve really knows how to get people spending money on skins ... 
  because this is reddit , everything is possible . 
  rules are rules though . 
  if you do n't read them , then it 's your fucking fault . 
  maybe eventually . 
  i wonder if the new cases would replace the old ones or if they add completely new ones though . 
  what 's wrong with the doomkitties ? 
  excactly , everyone has them and they are n't rare . 
  if everyone gets a stattrak awp lightening , it wo n't be special anymore , it will be just another `` feature '' of the game that everyone has . 
  interesting . 
  i have n't ever seen something like this in austria or germany . 
   the real problem is is that there is only about 4 amazing things and that 's all ... 
  yea , i 'm pretty sure they will continue to add new top-tier skins in the future . 
  ah , you do n't agree with them . 
  the problem is , idiots fighting things is a pretty narrow subject , there would n't be enough videos to survive just on that theme , that 's why they broadened it . 
  you are always welcome to submit more videos though , as long as they follow the rules , 
  that 's true , there 's plenty , so why do n't you go watch those ? 
  there 's even flairs so you know which are which before even clicking on them . 
  this whole argument is pretty stupid . 
  this sub is about idiots fighting things and idiots getting hurt by inanimate objects . 
  if you want one that is just about the first , make it . 
  it 's free . 
  what an interesting story . 
  from what he said after the attempted murder , he did it only to get famous . 
  also interesting that he only got 5 years in jail and got out after 3 years . 
  lol, 
  4 clocks , 2 dates , 2 cpu/ram , 2 up/down meters , _ simplicity _ in it 's essence . 
  but , but ... karma ? 
  rainmeter-wise it is quiet simple . 
  there 's so much going on in that background though . 
  looks really neat !, 
  but i do n't really like the background behind the turntables on the screenshot . 
  does n't fit at all . 
  also , the turntables themselves need a bit more detail in my opinion !, 
  try dxtory , it 's overall the better recording software . 
  here 's the original reddit post , about a year old :, 
  these threads are popping up daily since the last couple of updates ... what the hell is going on , valve ? 
  it 's getting annoying , since it 's not only mm but also deathmatch and casual etc. 
  that 's true . 
  wtf , did op even read the comment before / bestof-ing it ? 
  okay , can we have 20 more comments saying that is is long ? 
  thanks . 
  from the sidebar, 
  rule nr . 
   include in the comments download links to all skins and wallpapers used in your post, 
  rule nr . 
   think of a creative title that accurately describes your setup . 
  posts titled only with words such as ` first post , simple , minimal , or new setup ' will be deleted, 
  search youtube for violent dancing . . that shit is so much fun to watch . 
  well ... that title ruined it . 
  just to make this a new parent comment , i 'm not gon na directly reply to your comment :, 
   - biggest change ? 
  well , obviously i 'd like to see 128 tick servers and the competitive maps in the matchmaking , but i 'm not going to get my hopes up . 
  * many people think that , after the recent map changes , some or most of the valve servers are actually better than the _ se versions . 
  do n't you agree with them ? 
  * how do you feel about the new mirage vs the competitive one ? 
  would valve 's version work for competitive ? 
  * do you think the chickens , as they are right now , could be used in competitive play ? 
  or do you still think they need to be completely removed ? 
  i had so many situations where i could n't tell if the enemy was under me , over me , or on my level . 
  so frustrating . 
  yes !, 
  `` bombs at a '', 
  * runs around silo *, 
  `` wtf where is that noise coming from '', 
  aaaand it 's at b. 
  since nobody has suggested it yet , dxtory is a lot better than fraps in my experience . 
  it 's codec seems to compress the videos to smaller files , it does n't split the files up , and the quality is still as good as a fraps-video , if not better . 
  it also does n't work in all countries . 
  it does n't censor anything in my country . 
  huh ?? 
  i could 've sworn on my pc the title was just squares , now i 'm on mobile and it reads ` welcome to the other side ' with some weird stuff around each letter . 
  looks like my pc did n't have that font , my iphone does for some reason . 
  i learned that it 's true just 2 years ago in my psychology class ... do you have any source ? 
  i would n't be surprised though , my psychology teacher was a stupid bitch . 
  you a word . 
  eagle here , can confirm . 
  players often do it when it 's like 14-4 already for us, 
  you can live without them , is what he 's saying . 
  unlike your heart or lungs . 
  my fault , i was on mobile and thought this was posted in / r/rainmeter . 
  there you have to include the wallpaper in the comments and the title has to be descriptive . 
  those rules would do well here , too , but i do n't think this sub is very well moderated . 
  what ? 
  it is covered by health care !, 
  ^ ^ ^ reddit is n't just the us, 
  me neither . 
  i 've tried out some ` tips ` i 've seen on the internet , like speaking `` blead '' over and over again and slowly going from `` l '' to `` r '' . 
  does n't work , my r 's are down my throat , i ca n't do them at my teeth . 
  it always comes out as an `` s '' .
