  and i do n't really get how this would be so much more convenient than just recording it with an external tool . 
  it would probably be less convenient since you ca n't do live commentary ( unless they implement voice recording aswell ) . 
  and minecraft has n't got much going for it videowise except for live commentaries , unlike source games . 
  do n't get angry at me , just stating why i think it 's not necessarily a good idea . 
  thank you very much !, 
  man , tbh , i 'm not sure if i can still enjoy it as much as i once have . 
  it 's been a good time , but i quit before rs3 even came out . 
  i just got bored , 
  do n't really feel like paying a subcription anymore either . 
  that gif literally loaded at 1 frame every 2 seconds . 
  that 's really not how it first came out . 
  it had it 's own website . 
  i ca n't remember though if that was just for the beta and if it 's inital v1 .0 came out on steam or if it came to steam a bit later . 
  he was just making a suggestion ... 
  just look at `` feet : '' or `` block : '', 
  except you can still see particles when the redstone is on throught he invisible block , although only from a certain distance . 
  also , the sides from repeaters are visible unless you stand directly beneath the thing . 
  they need to make this avaible either as a key for creative mode ... 
  it 's only for spectators at the moment . 
  i was wondering about the y coordinate for chunks aswell . 
  since when are n't chunks going from 0 to top ? 
  he was just wondering why there 's the middle part ( y-axis ) since chunks go from y = 0 to the top of the world . 
  yea that 's true , but it has never been displayed in the debug info before afaik . 
  heh , i think i got around 900k on my main . 
  i had around 100m once , but i gave most away when i quit . 
  and i only got it through dicing ( i started out with like 300k on f2p , was one of the few who never scammed anyone , always paid out . 
  got myself a little reputation by paying out some big wins on a few f2p servers and racked up quite some money over a couple of weeks ) , but since they patched out dicing i have n't had another source of income since then ( always sucked at making money until dicing came along ) . 
  in short , i can only get 2 weeks with that money , and afterwards i 'm gon na be broke . 
  a butterbrot is just bread with butter in german . 
  does n't make things easier for me then :p, 
  i could probably make 800k if i grind 10 hours a day for the 2 weeks ... :p, 
  do you get a new account on rs2 ? 
  or do you keep your old one from rs3 with the stats and items ? 
  nope , you can only use the sprint button to fly a little bit faster in creative . 
  can you tell me how `` time stamps '' can be trusted ? 
  serious question , i mean , is n't it dead simple to fake one with photoshops or whatever ? 
  the only time i ever got days off school in my 12 years because of snow was when so much fell that the roof of our school bent inwards so much that it almost broke in . 
  we got 2 days off where they shoveled the snow off the roof . 
  aka do n't use imgur for hq uploads . 
  nsfw ( i 'd like if accidents with injuries/deaths would get tagged here , in contrast to the many funny/harmless videos ) . 
  classic lkw vs traffic jam . 
  any backstory ? 
  i doubt that the driver of the car that got hit survived that , although the video quality is n't so good so i ca n't really tell . 
  as a cs player ... map design and weapon balance . 
  snipers and shotguns feel useless at the moment , mp 's and rifles overpowered . 
  the maps just have so many dark spots and clusterfuck which makes it extremely hard to see enemies sometimes . 
  either fix the maps or change the playermodels to bright orange , 
  also the movement system feels so clunky compared to counterstrike . 
  i ca n't really put my finger on it , and maybe it 's just cause i 'm used to cs so much , but it feels a little bit unresponsive . 
  ( also , i 'm not a fan of leaning in general ), 
  those things are also why i 'm having a hard time getting into the game . 
  i had some fun with it , but i 'm getting bored very quickly . 
  yay , genuine answer getting downvoted , i love you too guys . 
  good to hear , maybe the youtube quality made it look worse than it is . 
  i thought the first car got completely squashed , but apparently it actually got pushed out of view to the side . 
  my ear canals are _ really _ small . 
  i have n't found in-ear buds that comfortably fit into my ears yet ( even small sized ones are uncomfortable ) , do you think those would work ? 
  counterstrike . 
  i 've only gotten it a year ago , and i can really understand those 10 + years veterans that play since counterstrike 1 . x and still play . 
  it 's such an interesting , addicting game that sometimes makes you feel like you suck , and other times makes you feel like like you are a total pro . 
  it also makes you _ want _ to get better . 
  seriously . 
  it 's amazing how much fun you can get playing on just 6 or 7 different maps in the same gamemode 5v5 . 
  i seriously overdid it a bit in the last year though . 
  steam lists ~ 1400 hours , i got the game ~ 14 months ago . 
  does n't excuse clunky movement and imbalance . 
  hell , i want to spraypaint everything !, 
  dude . 
  do you really think he _ meant _ to do that ? 
  e : keep going , i love seeing your tears and hate . 
  he for some reason cited an older revision of that wikipedia article, 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=dadagiri&amp;oldid=571034071 ( did n't find the excact one , but this one is similar ), 
  should 've stuck to the deagle  you were on a roll . 
  it 's not like i can smell sarcasm over the internet, 
  there 's a line break missing after the first quote . 
  + getsummary http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/02/business/chasing-their-star-on-youtube.html?hp&amp;_r=0, 
  well there 's your first error , 
  + getsummary http://news.orf.at/stories/2216542/, 
  you do n't like news sites do you . 
  well then , tell me what this site is about : + getsummary http://www.enigmagroup.org/, 
  _ so close _, 
  blogspot !, 
  + getsummary http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.co.at/2013/10/menace.html?m=1, 
  nice !, 
  i 've only heard about that a short while ago and have n't really tested it , but apparently you can switch to your nades faster that way . 
  i work in ambulance service and have seen many many nursing homes . 
  sometimes they really remind of a kindergarten , only with less energetic inhabitants . 
  yep . 
  on the other hand , it 's nice seeing how happy the elderly are in some of the nursing homes . 
  they have other people in their age group around them to talk to . 
  on the other hand there 's many living there that do nothing but lying around all day , unable to speak and unable to do anything on their own . 
  when it 's time to go to the hospital , we get them into our ambulance , drop them off in the hospital and drive them back home later . 
  they just ... wait for their deaths , many with severe alzheimer 's . 
  it kinda gives you a different world view , working in this field . 
  shows you how much age and illness can cripple a human being , even today . 
  ... every time, 
   include in the comments download links to all skins and wallpapers used in your post . 
  ( + getsummary ) what is [ project euler ] ( https://projecteuler.net/ ) ? 
   there was error, 
  * there was an error,
