  discussion thread in / r/games, 
  did you know you could reply directly to that comment ? 
  what is this , a gif for plankton ? 
  it is , and no , i 'm running fullscreen, 
  also noticed the game is only using my first and fourth thread , so 2 out of 4 . even if i put - threads 4 into the launch options . 
  not excactly sure atm - on mobile - but right-click the taskbar , press properties or something like that and you should be able to find an option called ` autohide taskbar ' or something like that . 
  it does n't go away completely this way , and it comes back when you move your mouse to the taskbar . 
  hey ... where 's the link rabbithole ? 
  pretty sure it is , i 've tweaked my nvidia settings before already . 
  i 'll check once i get home though , thanks . 
  the weather is a second skin . 
  they are just placed next to each other . 
  hope you are joking . 
  also most redditors are still american . 
  thanks for adding to the discussion !, 
  i just follow the philosophy of downvoting when i saw it already , and upvoting if i have n't ( and it 's good content ) . 
  if everyone did just that , stuff that everbody saw already would get buried , while reposts still have a chance if a major part of reddit has not seen it , even though it has been posted before . 
  again , not with that attitude, 
  almost 500 times *, 
  there will always be one . 
  looked to me like the cop wanted to turn left there like the apc , but because of it the driver of the apc could n't see the car coming . 
  get a newspaper from hogwarts . 
  and the undertitle . 
  line rider !, 
  try using a wallpaper that actually fits your screens resolution . 
  the amount of bad puns in this thread is reaching a new height, 
  you are getting better and better !, 
  thanks for reminding me of jaasooon !, 
  i had to laugh out loud just thinking about it . 
  it would look like an old light that is blinking off every second for 1-2 ticks . 
  ... that was so disturbing . 
  also : * ( old ) *, 
  well i guess that 's only human . 
  purple link . . not clicking that again . 
  oops , never seen it . 
  well , get under some blankets and turn up the heating !, 
  my as50 thermal was removed a few patches ago : /, 
  huh ? 
  the 107 was a 1-shot kill aswell . 
  unless i remember that wrong . 
  cool , i get 22 on my 1500 $ laptop, 
  well , have n't played in almost a year now , i missed all that stuff . 
  or getting crushed by metal . 
  did the same , then i upvoted your comment to confirm . 
  that 's why i like to proof read my posts at least 4 times . 
  meh , if the car hit it in a different angle the metal might have just bent around and hit him , at least in the knee . 
  and at that speed , his knee would 've been totally shattered . 
  he was just very , very lucky . 
  bre * nnn * essel !, 
  t * eee * i !, 
  ferd sucked . 
  he was just annyoing . 
  wow , i 'm austrian but i 've never in my life before thought that the drink `` radler '' actually was referring to cyclists . 
  i never thought about it 's name before actually . 
  i did n't expect anything else because this was part of a compilation that is one of the top submissions here . 
  it 's an nbt tag , `` ambient '' iirc . 
  since you can set nbt tags with the / summon command in 1.7 , you can set ambience ( or was it ambient ? ), 
  the particles actually are n't fully invisible , but they are so hard to see if you do n't know that they are there that it does n't really matter . 
  just a heads up : the ambulance could have been late because of one ( or more ) of 3 reasons :, 
  it did n't sound like an emergency that needed immediate treatment ( like bloodloss , heart attack , stroke ... ), 
  there was no ambulance nearby that was avaiable . 
  also the ambulance hq might be somewhere completely different than the hospital . 
  3 . sometimes the dispatcher messes up and sends an ambulance that is on the other side of town . 
  trust me , it 's as frustrating for the emt as it is for the patient when that happens . 
  some dispatchers in bigger cities here in austria have an automated system that shows the dispatcher where the closest avaiable ambulance is , but in my city the guy responsible for that stuff apparently thinks that system is n't necessary here . 
  i 'd say otherwise . 
  source : emt myself, 
  this is correct . 
  you are not supposed to eat or drink before surgery in case you need to throw up during the surgery . 
  also the reason why a paramedic ( usually ) wo n't give you any food or water . 
  got it last december , now i have over 1.1 k hours logged for it . 
  it 's addicting , to say the least . 
  it 's also broken with res night-mode on . 
  the sub looks so broken now with res night-mode on : /, 
  you ca n't even read op 's post because it 's just grey on grey . 
  that 's good to hear , without nightmode it looks very good though !, 
  my biology teacher used to say : `` trees are about as big under the ground as they are over the ground . '', 
  could n't find more that worked , so i just threw those 2 in , 
  well , # 13 certainly reminds me of stalker . 
  at least a bit . 
  yea , sitting upright like that would 've made him crash into/fall off the loop either way, 
  yea , stalker , the call of pripyat . 
  and why ? 
  because fuck keeping your distance from the cars in front of you, 
  i think they misunderstood his comment and thought he was bashing people from the us for not understanding sarcasm or something like that . 
  so alternativeway.com was the alternative . 
  i see what you did there . 
  we did it guys !, 
  yea , it 's common in subs like / r/gamedeals , `` for the next 5 hours you can get xyz for 5 bucks ! '', 
  this worked better on res ( w / nightmode ) than on my mobile ... on alienblue it just looked like when you open the link on the desktop . 
  edit : i think it looked so bad on my phone bc i held it in landscape mode . 
  it only works in portrait . 
  how old are you ? 
  reading your comments it sounds like a 8 year old brat whose candy was take away . 
  no wonder these threads got closed . 
  here 's a neat little online gravity simulator to play around with !, 
  the `` earth moon thing '' is really hard to do actually . 
  how 's the performance of the game in general right now ? 
  especially the client , how does it run compared to the mod ? 
  do you get more or less frames per second ?
