   3 across : gren \\ _ d \\ _, 
  ftfy, 
  never heard that , have you got any source ? 
  \\ \\ \\ _ d \\ \\ \\ _ = \\ _ d \\ _, 
  \\ _ d \\ _ = _ d _, 
  i7 3610qm ( 2.3 ghz ) , gtx 670m and 8 gigs ram, 
  gaming laptop . 
  i 've seen somebody else on this sub who had almost the same specs as i did , who claimed he gets around 160fps usually . 
  it 's weird since i have never gotten more than 130 even before the last update , now i only get around 55 after playing for 10 minutes . 
  i use the lowest settings possible ( with multicore rendering enabled ) , and my launch options are :, 
  - novid - freq 120 - tickrate 128 - high - processheap, 
  the processheap comes from a thread i 've seen here a few days ago , some valve-dev claimed that this fixed the fps issues for most people , not for me though . 
  i 'm really running out of ideas . 
  cars do n't spawn fully repaired . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do , but how excactly would i check that ? 
  i do clean it regularly , and i just have about a week ago , but it is getting hotter than usually since the summer kicked in in europe ( about 1-2 months ago ) , so it might be that . 
  the laptop has a very good cooling system though , so i kinda doubt it still . 
  is there any program i can use to check if it 's downclocking ? 
  i almost never play on battery , only while it 's plugged in , so it ca n't be that . 
  let me know if you need anything else . 
  usually games do n't have the option to set the graphics card it should use , at least afaik . 
  that may be a problem , it was idle , but after playing for a while . 
  core temp says cpu is at ~ 60 \u00b0 c, 
  it was idling at that moment , i can make another one under load if you want . 
  just fired up skyrim , alt-tabbed after a bit and got this , i do n't think much changed . 
  just checked skyrim and there 's not even another option than the gtx in the launcher . 
  after ~ 20 minutes of idling the gpu temperature is at about 80 \u00b0 c. 
  yes , i just cleaned it about a week before , usually do it every 1-2 months . 
  the cooling system per se is quite well made for this laptop , it was one of it 's selling points . 
  cleaning is also quite easy because it has little dust filters that you can clean very easily . 
  also , i never play on soft surfaces where it would heat up even more , it 's standing on my desk most of the time . 
  hmm , if it 's really that hot though , i might have to check the insides again . 
  yes , i am aware of that . 
  it is almost always standing on my desk , the intake/exhaust should be free . 
  yea , i just cleaned it about a week ago , with compressed air . 
  the cooling system should be quite good , it was one of the laptops selling points . 
  it 's also quite easy to clean , since it has got 2 dustfilters that you can take out and clean . 
  is 90 \u00b0 really that hot for a gpu though ? 
  i thought they just get that hot when they are in use . 
  it starts out quite good with 70 \u00b0 c gpu and ~ 50-60 fps . 
  after playing for a while , the temperature goes up to 97 \u00b0 and fps down to 30-40 , on lowest settings and 1920x1080, 
  not sure how to check if it is using the gtx , but since it is getting very hot ( 90 \u00b0 c ) while gaming , i assume it is . 
  it might get down to that when i let it idle longer . 
  i 'll test it tomorrow and i 'll see if i can rid of all the dust inside . 
  keep in mind it 's about 25 \u00b0 in my room , it 's quite hot where i live at the moment . 
  dude . 
  you ca n't do that to him . 
  much . 
  effort . 
  will do , thanks . 
  completely idle after starting it , it hovers around 45-50c , with reddit ( chrome ) and itunes open it goes up to 68c . 
  pretty sure the fans work alright , i opened the back and started up the laptop , they are spinning just right . 
  there 's also hot air coming out of the back all the time . 
  yea , i thought about looking a bit more into the laptop , not really sure what i 'm looking for though . 
  much thanks for your help so far  i 'm really inexperienced with hardware stuff . 
  pretty sure that black thing with numbers 1-4 is it , and it is reallly getting hot . 
  especially those 2 black metal bars . 
  now , i ca n't really see if anything is broken though , it looks alright to me . 
  no , they are fixed . 
  not sure what they are for . 
  they get really hot though . 
  i can really recommend the sennheiser pc360 's . 
  got one for about a month now , they sound really great , are comfortable , and they have a good mic . 
  also , i like how it mutes the mic when you just fold it up and how it 's volume control is on the right earspeaker , so you do n't have to fiddle with the cable all the time . 
  it 's not a surround headset , but surround headsets are pretty much just a gimmick , they usually do n't have more than 2 speakers , they only simulate surround sound ( by causing echos etc ) . 
  this is apparently still a thing in china . 
  saw it on tv a bit ago . 
  this has probably been posted at least 10 times in 2012 alone on r/gaming, 
  hahaha that 2nd guy actually got blind from * that * flash ? 
  yea , that 's probably my best bet , although i wished i could fix this myself since it does n't seem to be that big of a problem . 
  i mean , everything still works , it 's just slow and hot . 
  much thanks for your help though  appreciated . 
  yup , the joke is * that * old . 
  20 % ca n't drink milk ( around italy ) . 
  you read the graph wrong . 
  lighter - less milkdrinkers , darker - more . 
  that 's ... excactly what i said , only worded differently . 
  around italy it 's mid to dark blue , so around 80 % there can drink milk , not only 20 % like you said . . 
  can you upload it to youtube ? 
  i 'd be interested . 
  yea it would be so cool to get banned !, 
  of course not , all the pros use em . 
  a buyscript is something completely different than for example an external autohotkey script you would need for that . 
  buy - `` scripts '' are just binds . 
  would n't be surprised if the system works already like that . 
  wow that sub sucks . 
  the mic issue continues in higher ranks , on mine i still have n't yet had a match with randoms where my whole team used voice ( i play a lot with premades though ) , although there 's usually one guy apart from me that does . 
  it works for me , but you ca n't save it . 
  it just whitescreens . 
  ( chrome ), 
  usually people want a headset that excludes as much noise from around you as possible ( i 've even got a noise-cancelling one at home ) , i also want to know if you can actually listen to music properly if there 's noise ( like in the bus etc. ), 
  ah , thanks for the answer . 
  pretty sure somebody will be able to help you out on that here though , 
  use the search bar top right . 
  use the search bar top right . 
  alright , 
  yea , every digit occurs , but do they still occur after the 10 ^ 1000st digit ? 
  or beyond that ? 
  it might just stop having 3 's, 
  wow , that 's some great work !,
