  planned to ride my bike but ended up at my pc all day even though i felt bored . 
  tomorrow i got work again but now it 's past midnight and i ca n't fall asleep ... 
  why not both, 
  depends on your rig , i guess . 
  on my 2 year old laptop ( it 's a strong one , but a laptop still ) , it 's not noticable . 
  i do n't loose any fps in games for example . 
  i do n't know how it 'd would do on weaker work machines , but it 's probably not that bad either . 
  try looking around the sub , in the comments should be links to each skin ( if the op followed the rules ) . 
  deviantart is a good source aswell . 
  when i ordered the parts of my bew build a couple days ago it asked me if i wanted to buy some cable ( sata ? ), 
  with the harddrives . 
  i pressed no assuming the cables should be included . 
  now i 'm unsure since it does n't say anything about the cables in the ssd 's ( crucial - m500 ) description where i ordered it . 
  do all parts come with the proper cables usually or do i really need to get some sata cables now ? 
  the parts should arrive next week so i could get the cable now . . 
  thanks for the breakdown , 
  ahh thanks . 
  yea 2 would be enough for my build , 
  after ordering the parts for my new build i read somewhere that it 's always better to get 2 smaller sticks of ram instead of 1 bigger one . 
  sadly i already ordered 1 8gb stick instead of a 2x4gb set . 
  how will this affect my build ? 
  is it a big deal ? 
  good to hear , thanks , 
  you asked if turning it on and off frequently is bad . 
  in my understanding , this used to be true but is not anymore . 
  from an environmental perspective you should turn it off , at least overnight , 
  for cs and similar shooters a 120hz monitor is preferable , especially since a 1500 $ build should be more than good enough to get 150 + fps in cs . 
  but in the end it depends a lot on how you use the pc the most . 
  if you do n't play a lot of games , i 'd go with a ips , you can get a good one for cheaper than any 120hz tn monitors anyways . 
  might even want to look into the korean 1440p ones . 
  what graphics card & processor did you get excactly ? 
  i see , glad to hear it 's not that big of a deal , 
  i thought it would be much worse . 
  csgo can get a bit ... weird with certain builds . 
  i _ used _ to get around 150 , but an update in summer made my fps drop to 80-100 , depending on the map . 
  directly after the update i actually could n't hold 60 steady fps for a while lol . 
  laptop , that 's the problem i guess . 
  670m and some i7-qm , ca n't quite remember the number . 
  it 's quite beefy for a laptop , i can run bf3 with the right settings in 1080p @ 50fps , ca n't keep it stable at 100 fps in csgo on minimum settings though : / . 
  i tried so many things it 's not even funny anymore  i kinda got used to it by now , even though it 's not ideal , it 's good enough for me . 
  i only play matchmaking anyways . 
  thanks anyways !, 
  you know , i was a supporter of the coast spawn thing , but now i do n't really see the point anymore in restricting the spawns that much . 
  i liked the idea of having to work through the land to get to the better spawns , but the mess we have right now is really not what i had in mind . . 
  yup , really loved the pitchblack night with chemlights . 
  3 guys , each carrying a blue chemlight that got invisible once you were too far away . 
  `` wait , where 'd you go ? '', 
  try everywhere else . 
  the amount of people i see on the phone while driving here each day in austria is astonishing . 
  he did n't disable it , he skinned it with an external program . 
  i forgot how it was called though , maybe you can find it on google !, 
  it 's nothing rainmeter related , actually . 
  it 's some other program that can change your windows theme , it 's a bit difficult to install though , would n't recommend it unless you can spend some time :p, 
  zombies are npcs already, 
  yea , it shouldnt be like in the mod where when a vehicle explodes everything in it is gone . 
  the items should get randomly damaged and scattered around the place . 
  thanks for that !, 
  there 's also this site : www.frames-per-second.appspot.com, 
  you can manually set how much motion blur you want and what framerates . 
  well then do n't go eat 5 avocados a day . 
  he 's not saying `` go live off of avocados because they 're healthy '' . 
  there 's no `` balanced '' fruit or whatever , only balanced diets . 
  well , even there he was n't talking about eating only avocados . 
  he was talking about using them as one part in a broad diet . 
  i 'll check once i can go back into the game , i just pressed verify integrity in steam and for some reason it 's redownloading the whole game now . . meh , ca n't hurt i guess . 
  yea , reinstalling did n't work and that slider does nothing to the sniper rifles sensitivity . 
  it only changes the sensitivity when aiming down sight my other weapons , for example the pistol . 
  the sniper rifle is just at a fixed value . 
  i noticed , it did n't take to long though . 
  everybody is saying there 's an extra slider for scoped sens , i ca n't see that one though . 
  there 's only an `` aim '' slider . 
  * facepalm * i found it . 
  i 'm on the german version of ps2 and the translation of that slider is horrible . 
  it 's literally called `` searcher sensitivity '' . 
  wtf is a searcher ? 
  apparently a scope . 
  also , i have to set this to a high sens than my normal sens to get the same for both . . huh . 
  found it , the translation to german is just wrong - . -, 
  how the hell did they manage to fuck up the website _ this _ badly for mobile ? 
  actually you want to substract the percentage of women who do n't have tits from the percentage of all women , not from those who have tits . 
  and water infrastructure . 
  hahaha how did i not know about this ? 
  ( i 'm austrian ) what 's his name ? 
  thanks , even the bz\u00f6 can still surprise me apparently haha . 
  my other guess would 've been team stronach , 
  which would make a changelog even more interesting . 
  we need a / u/redstonehelper for dayz ... 
  he always posts changelogs for minecraft within minutes after a new release . 
  well ... arma 2 had big fires ... kinda . 
  ( after a helicopter crashed ), 
  only the looked fucking awful and did n't do anything . 
  alright , i really do n't need to know about every tweak and little config change . 
  at least they could tell us when they add new items though so i know what to look for , 
  / r/switcharoo, 
  lifetip : you 're an asshole and will probably never get out of `` asshole-hell '' . 
  almost no subreddit `` relys '' on css . 
  i found most `` features '' like disabling downvotes or moving the submit button and so on just annoying . 
  also , some css skins completely broke with res night mode . 
  i just have it default to off for all subs now , and im not missing it . 
  oh , the excitement when we started up our first portal ... aaaand it did n't work in multiplayer .
