  lo and behold , i met a girl , and he started meeting with guys from tinder and grindr . 
  now , the trouble . 
  the fwb relationship with the girl did n't last all that long , and i met up with a guy from grindr i found pretty cute . 
  it was nothing special , i drove to his house , we pretty much had netflix and chill , and i drove back home . 
  on the way home i messaged him about it already . 
  he was shocked . 
  even though he has had at that point at least 2-3 guys that he was not only messaging regularly , but who have blown him already after lots of cuddeling . . 
  he is shocked and i guess envious . 
  we talked a lot and i guess i could calm him down . 
  but still , i felt really bad about his sudden outburst of . . 
  envy and distrust and idk what . 
  he tried arguing with me that me having actual anal sex ( i 'm a pretty exclusive bottom ) is a lot more meaningful than his cuddling and getting blown ( reminds me , he even blew one of the dudes back , something he almost never did to me ! ), 
  there 's been another really hurtful incident in the meantime , maybe i 'll write about that later . 
  but the real thing that 's bothering me , is the following :, 
  the whole thing with the trying it with other people thing we mostly did because he wanted to find out if he was actually into dudes or not . 
  the whole time he was with me he told me he was probably just straight and only liked me so much that he did n't mind my gender . 
  well , turned out he actually went along with other dudes aswell and enjoyed it . 
  great , right ? 
  i asked him last week what he thought about us now . 
  if he would like to be my actual boyfriend , i mean , we 've been pretty much having a relationship the last year until he left , and even then we wrote every day , called a lot and just still got along great . 
  his answer ? 
  he does n't know , he has n't thought about it , he 's got so much work and , what would his parents say ? 
  just lots and lots of excuses and so on . 
  i was pretty devastated by his answer . 
  we 've been talking the whole day about what we 'd do once he came back , how often we could see each other , how he 'd love to meet my parents , and so on . 
  i was sure he 'd just say `` yea why not '' or something similar . 
  i reckoned i 'd give him a couple days to think about it . 
  if he really liked me , he would n't need so much time , right ? 
  and now he 's just been pushing it on and on . 
  he 's met a guy pretty much every day this week . 
  he also has to finish his thesis in a couple weeks , which he barely even started . 
  i often stayed up way in the morning to be able to talk to him about his dates and his work . 
  often until 5am or so . 
  i 'm just glad i 've got free time right now , my sleep schedule is messed up to no end . 
  today is saturday . 
  he slept in , which i can understand . 
  after waking up we talked a bit about his date yesterday and how he 'd work on his thesis . 
  two hours later he sends me a picture where he 's still in bed . 
  he 's just been wasting so much time . 
  it 's like 4pm already , and he has done nothing so far . 
  i tell him to finally start working , when he sends me a screenshot from the guy he met yesterday . 
  i know they only went on a walk yesterday because they had no private place . 
  well , apparently that guy now had his home to himself for a couple of hours . 
  now , instead of working on his thesis , he decided to drive there , probably to fuck him . 
  i just got angry at that point . 
  i asked if he has spent any time thinking about us over the last couple of days . 
  his only response was `` not now . '', 
  and now he 's not even looking at my texts anymore . 
  i do n't often write here . 
  but i 'm feeling like i 'm loosing the connection to probably the most important person in my life . 
  my sister had been telling me to get over him for a while , but i 've been ignoring it . 
  i 'm still so in love with that person , and he 's often shown me the same affection back . 
  but lately i do n't know anymore , it feels like i 'm getting used . . 
  he likes me , but just wants to keep me around until some girl comes around that he can actually marry in this damn country and make his parents proud . 
  that 's what this whole thing is starting to feel like . 
  i just do n't know what to do right now . . 
  it 's so hard , i 'm feeling so lost . 
  i miss him so much . 
  this distance is killing me , killing us . 
  i just want him to come back and be my friend ... 
  are there any good and preferably simple c++ libraries which basically has the same features as a sklearn pipeline with a tfidfvectorizer + ( sgd ) classifier ? 
  it should be able to run on windows . 
  is it feasable to use dlib for the classification and have some other tool for the vectorizing ? 
  i could n't find a good c++ tfidf implementation with some googling , and i 'm not sure if a word2vec implementation is appropriate for my problem . 
  the documents themselves come from apache tika and are very diverse , often containing lots of noise , especially ones coming from xsl files . 
  i can reach around 93 % accuracy with sklearn , which is more than enough . 
  i just need it to run on windows , and preferably in c++ / c # . 
  i 'm a bit in tears currently , so sorry if i write any nonsense . 
  i 'm not sure what to do . 
  i 've been seeing this guy for a loong time now , more than 1.5 yrs . 
  we 've gotten very very close very quickly , even though we both had n't had another gay experience before that . 
  in fact , until almost a year into our ` dating ' , he did n't even consider himself fully bi , he was still doubting himself being into men . 
  we then started not dating exclusively for a while , mainly for him to experience other gay encounters and get comfortable with himself . 
  this went really well for a while , he had many safe encounters with lots of kind and cool men , and grew from it . 
  since october or so we went exclusive again , mainly due to some nasty feelings popping up on my side . 
  at that point , i really wanted a relationship . 
  we talked a lot about it , but he always brushed it aside , saying things like he does n't want one right now because of uni stress and our unclear futures , he does n't want to commit to something while he is still in university and so on . 
  he also mentioned me being a man but only on the side . 
  well , fast forward to today . 
  we have been really really close for about 20 months now . 
  we went through a lot of shit together already . 
  we talk constantly either in person or over the phone/text . 
  we 've basically been living a relationship for the past three semesters . 
  today we got talking about a relationship again . 
  and he said it . 
  he just ca n't imagine being with a man . 
  he ca n't imagine going to family dinners together , to parties , to company dinners . 
  he ca n't imagine bringing up kids with another guy . 
  he says , he is terrified of his future . 
  and while he loves me and really wants us to work , he just ca n't imagine it working . 
  i 'm in shock . 
  i thought , his confidence regarding this topic has grown a lot over this year . 
  i actually thought he 'd at least consider it . 
  i thought i could finally have a boyfriend . 
  but now my dreams of us seem shattered . 
  i 'm not sure , what to think or do . 
  i want to be there for him , to hold him and kiss him , but he 's 200 miles away and we both have work tomorrow . 
  i want to also be there for him against his fears and show him that it 's gon na be alright . 
  that it 's all gon na be fine . 
  we 'll be able to push through it and work it out .
