  can you make out parts or is it just a blurry blob ? 
  ah , i see , makes sense . 
  still cool though , i always wanted a telescope as a kid . 
  speaking of highlight reel :, 
  it 's pretty crazy . 
  razes do so much damage now . 
  yea , also i hate posts that talk about something ( say , some kind of data or a free game or whatever ) and then i click on it and it 's us only . 
  / r/gamedeals has a flair for it at least , that 's handy . 
  i only browse in landscape , and i hate it when apps rotate all the way 180 \u00b0 around . 
  you ca n't browse them in landscape while lying sideways !, 
  so annoying . 
  not to mention that gifv is pretty optimized , no need to use the alien blue optimization . 
  yes that 's usually the case , but some apps can switch all the way , then the top of the phone is suddenly the bottom . 
  those apps are the annoying ones . 
  so this is / r/unexpected with gangsta music ? 
  that 's not what the sidebar says . . 
  love playing him solo offlane in my low mmr pubs . 
  usually against a dual lane that ca n't zone you , you hit lvl 6 when they are still 4 . 
  easy double kill . 
  and why 'd he steer to the right ? 
  as the top comment suggests , get the soundtrack of ftl , it 's quite similar music , even a bit better and more interesting in my opinion . 
   the subreddit for videos where there 's some unexpected _ ** thug ** _ behavior showing when least expected . 
  what 's thuggish about rollerskating ? 
  even if it 's trick rollerskating or whatever you call that . 
  jaja , keep downvoting , i know you giys do n't have an answer so that 's your way out . 
  reddiquette and all . 
  antichamber , speedrunners have taken it down to well below 10 minutes , but on your first playthrough you are gon na take at least 5 hours , if not more . 
  no . . that 's simple acrobatics . 
  comeon . 
  is n't qops ult always pure now ? 
  have n't we had this discussion last week already ? 
  people were saying it 's not gon na happen , and i still do n't believe it . 
  did you read the whole article ? 
  they are actively censoring apps , they even showed two examples . 
  wow , this site hit my phone so hard my app crashed twice in a row . 
  please no . . 
  i hate having to craft too much and then throwing the rest away because it 's not valueable enough for storage . 
  i never have a incinerator around either so i 'm gon na lick the buttons up at least 3 times before they finally despawn . . 
  microsoft.com would probably get lost in a lawsuit , and the owner would get nothing . 
  there 's been lots of cases like that . 
  i wish youtube titles would n't always spoil the jokes . 
  see `` alt-click '' update, 
  does n't seem to work in chrome here ether , but ff works, 
  saw you played league , ever gave dota a try ? 
  some friends of mine play lol , some dota , i only played the latter but i wanted to give lol a try sometimes . 
  kinda put off by the whole `` you ca n't play all heroes '' thing though . 
  would look much better if you moved the clock up into the flat sky , instead of over the rock . 
  ah i see , that sucks . 
  used to play a lot of cs and i remember complaining about 60 ping already :p it 's not that noticable in dota but 300 is extreme . 
  where are you from if i may ask ? 
  i believe they added some new server in south america a couple of months back , but i 'm not sure . 
  man . . that 's almost a step up from the crazy russian freeclimbers . 
  does n't matter ; hitler left the schutz staffel ? 
  guilty, 
  no , it 's because op 's link is on some shady russian site called std3.ru, 
  plus it 's loading pretty slowly . 
  sleek !, 
  might just be compression artifacts, 
  haha that 's hilarious and interesting . 
  sorry to burst your bubble though , that definitely was n't intentional . 
  no , that 's not really data it can use to learn . 
  if you were to enter your own personality traits with your text , it could use that information to deduct other people 's traits , but if you let it `` calculate '' your traits for you it has no way of learning from that . 
  it is just reiterating an algorithm . 
  i was surprised not seeing the esex logo when opening the link . 
  [ here ] ( http://steamed.kotaku.com/yes-valve-knows-theyre-terrible-at-talking-to-fans-1690403125/+nathangrayson ) 's the original longer article on kotaku by the way . 
  how is an article whose only source is said article better than the article itself ? 
   you drive the speed limit . 
  i believe that 's just called obeying the law . 
  surprise , laws also apply to cops . 
  watch the video, 
  thought it was gon na be [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puoh1qy4cym ) . 
  i just almost laughed out loud reading this comment after your reply to semvhu up top lol . 
  neither have i in europe . 
  also have n't see then cherry or caffeine free one though . 
  heh , i was sure it was the p90 from cs : go . 
  also dubbed the spray90 or noob90 . 
  it 's not very fun to play against , 
  compare [ this image ] ( http://counterstrike.wikia.com/wiki/file:csgo_p90.jpg ) with the op , looks pretty similar , but ya , it 's definitely the famas . 
  uhh . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di0jb-lptdk ) , he posted that 2 days ago . 
  sounds cool , but is it really 100gb ? 
  it might not even finish downloading till the 15th then lol . 
  just a guess , hit me up ? 
  oh , that sounds reasonable . 
  thanks for the quick response . 
  oh , i should 've known it was something like that . 
  100gb packed seemed quite excessive . 
  unpacked . . still big but alright for today i guess . 
  oh yea , i forgot : the pro90 !, 
  / r/contagiouslaughter, 
  of course it would be `` nice to have '' , but you always have to think about the cost vs usefulness . 
  if stuff like this happens only once every hundred years ( or once every year in 1 of 100 gas stations ) and the system costs a lot , it 's probably not worth getting if there 's simpler but cheaper systems that do the trick in most cases already . 
  6 months, 
  he 's a professional :  2 million link karma . 
  well , i have him tagged as reposter . 
  he just posts a shitton of stuff , mostly typical `` upvote bait '' . 
  it 's not that hard , just time consuming and pointless . 
  that phrase is so german lol . 
  worked as an emt for 9 months . 
  there 's always idiots like those guys in the streets , be it drivers , cyclists or pedestrians , some people just give zero fucks .
