  we 've gone from the crappy inventory system in the mod to a variable and simplified one and this is basically a step back to the old one . 
  realism is less important than clean and simple game mechanics . 
  i hate how you ca n't get anywhere while prone ( with a broken leg for example ) . 
  you ca n't crawl up stairs , you ca n't go through certain doors , it just sucks when you are looking for a knife to grab some sticks for a splint . 
  you have no idea how game developing works . . 
  welp , i guess we have to resort to pirating if we want the normal version then ? 
  ha , number 6 has made it into the game even , at least partially . 
  but yea , nr . 
  2 fits more with the current inventory system than op 's suggestion . 
  op does n't even make sense from a realism standpoint , since you ca n't just put mags in the mag slots , you could fit , for example , a box of matches in there , or a banana , or whatever has the right size . 
  since when do binocs take 4 slots ? 
  honest question , i remember from the last time i 've had one that it only took 1 slot :o ( which was like 2-3 updates ago ), 
  austria here ( and i 've heard it from other eu countries aswell ) , filming with a dashcam is not aloud at all , since you would be collecting `` private '' information ( license numbers ) from other people . 
  pretty ridiculous imo . 
  but yea , i 've never seen a dashcam in my life before due to this ruling . 
  why would they change it to 4 slots ? 
  it was pretty useless before already once you got a scoped weapon , that makes it even more inconvenient . 
  explains why i have n't seen one since the update ... that sucks , i thought binoculars should be less rare than weapon scopes . 
  not with current state of desync and lag . 
  if they think they can improve the performance and reduce the desync to a level with other multiplayer games like bf or whatever , then yes , but at the moment something like that would n't work . 
  from what in his post did you read out that he meant anything else ? 
  he even said :, 
   it does n't seem realistic to bring your fists up and stand there waiting for power to charge . 
  idk man , the fireaxe can mess people up pretty badly already . 
  i think it 's 3 hits to kill somebody , and if you can sneak up on somebody you can dish out 3 hits pretty quickly . 
  if you get a hit to the head it 's probably an insta-kill . 
  i do n't think it 's op . 
  if you get close enough to punch somebody , you should be able to have a good chance of knocking him out . 
  at close range your weapon advantage should be almost nullified . 
  i still ca n't believe people were seriously hoping for it to go f2p after the skins came out . 
  that would 've made it so much easier for hackers . 
  i hope they are working on them !, 
  i 'd love using them , same goes for silencers . 
  even the smoke grenades downed buidlings in the mod :d, 
  good to hear , cause i 'll see em in august  ), 
  natives is great , imo . 
  had so much fun singing along that song . 
  it 's the same with normal nades , the current throw system sucks quite a lot . 
  you 'll have to be very careful not to blow yourself up in the future until they fix the system . 
  that 's not how grenades work . 
  if you are n't holding the handle when pulling the pin , it will spring open and explode shortly after . 
  you 'll have to hold it in your hands , but not start the throw animation , so maybe they do n't notice you holding it . 
  your weapon does n't drop on the ground atm , does it ? 
  it just stays in your hands on your body . 
  or did they change that in exp ? 
  realism is n't always good gamedesign . 
  i still believe ammo should be rare , although many people here seem to have changed their minds in the last years . 
  even with their glitchy behaviour , the zombies right now are easy as fuck to kill/avoid . 
  i actually hope they get a lot stronger once the new ai is out . 
  right now they are just a joke and might not even be there at all . 
  should n't be , i 'm a native speaker and still had to look up the actual difference between the two . 
  in speech i often interchange them even though it 's improper use , 
  too much ammo would be a bad thing . 
  i like this idea for pistols but not for rifles . 
  and usually you can hang them around your neck , taking up no pocket space . 
  the center of the screen should n't suddenly shift when you aim down binoculars . 
  it 's very confusing ( at first ) and not really practical , also not in line with weapon scopes or just general aiming down sight . 
  i know , that 's what you get when you have 100s of servers that players can never fill , while not scaling the loot according to the number of players on a server . 
  that , plus frequent server restarts ( the so called `` high loot '' server just restart their server every 1-2 hours for loot to respawn ) causes an abundance of ammo and weapons . 
  these are all problems that can be looked at and fixed by the team in the future if they are willing to invest the time . 
  what about canada ? 
  yea , i alwys thought the sa would be like this , currently it 's just wayyy too easy to get a gun and 200 rounds for it , even on servers with 30 players . 
  it 's ridculous that everybody is running around with an sks or a mosin , while getting a bow with more than 2 arrows seems to be harder than getting an akm with 150 shots . 
  oh , and also a random small chance that when you run through bushes that it gets caught and you choke and loose 1000 health and blood and fall unconscious for a few minutes . 
  glitches canbe pretty game-breaking aswell . 
  for example dupe glitches are pretty bad . 
  or a glitch that makes you invisible ( had that happen twice in the mod ) . 
  he 's being a dickhead though . 
  also , many points are invalid . 
  he might just be wearing the berret for looks , i never wear combat helmets either , i just do n't like how they look . 
  secondly , he might be carrying lrses for his teammates . 
  and thirdly , just let people play how they fucking want already . 
  no , only on their way to balota and then back to kill people in elektro, 
  haha , that 's pretty great , 
  it was , even unintentionally i somehow managed to dupe myself twice last week , and i did n't even play much dayz . 
  it just happened when i logged in on 2 different occasions . 
  i 'm sure there was a way to force it to happen , and i 'm even more sure that players abused that to get gear for their mates and more ammo etc. 
  that sucks , duping is one of the things that ruined the mod for me . 
  man , i love the riders jacket , but i can never find it in pristine condition and for some reason you ca n't patch it up with a sewing kit : /, 
  huh , it looks so clean . 
  probably due to the lighting . 
  i wish players would actually spawn spread out over the whole map ( once 100 + man servers are in and performance is up of course ) . 
  well , at the moment it just ends up like this : people run west , grab their gear and then hike back to east coast to kill whoever they run across , be it fresh spawn or a player that has looted for an hour around berezino and already found some food and stuff . 
  thus , berezino warfare . 
  also , once the server player count increases , this problem will only increase . 
  you ca n't have so limited spawns when there 's three times the current playercount on each server . 
  well , i partially agree , but we 've had the cherno and elektro fresh spawn-snipers in the mod already , it probably wo n't get better in the sa , but we 'll see about that in the future , 
  as if you could n't find 5 taloons before you find the equipment to hunt and craft a leather one . 
  wonder how they look like though , more camo i guess . 
   this would be great for funnier death messages, 
  reasoning . 
  ever . 
  it 's not a terrible idea , but i figure it would make certain situations horribly annoying ( building mob farms or whatever ) while not doing anything 99 % of times since you rarely have such a situation . 
  it 's something a plugin or a mod could do but not something i 'd like to have in vanilla, 
  sounds like a good taloon replacement then  that 's good , i never liked those neon colored backpacks anyways . 
  it 's good to get more variety for backpacks aswell , even if just cosmetic . 
  seriously op , if you want to show off your wallpaper go to / r/wallpaper and post it there . 
  there _ is _ ways to get rid of it , but it usually involves a lot of fiddeling around woth complicated installs and registry stuff and so on . 
  would n't recommend myself . 
  man , it really depends on your region and what you are used to .
