  you 'd rather go to jail and _ then _ climb down ? 
  _ thanks for the gold , man  _, 
  huh , we call the hut `` pommes '' and i 'm not sure where `` yellow '' is . 
  if that 's silo , we just call that `` silo '' aswell since it 's the same word in german . 
  probably `` this guy must get all the ladies . '', 
  the gfy_bot works on all subs that it has n't been banned from actually . 
  counter strike : sauce . 
  just look at namalsk . 
  pvp everywhere . 
  to be fair , namalsk had a loot table that encouraged pvp though . 
  has n't that been fixed last update already ? 
  yea ... 
  it 's kinda weird . 
  gui interfaces *, 
  people always forget the interface . 
  just thinking about that image with the ct stretching his neck made me chuckle . 
  that guns gon na be interesting in eco rounds . 
  in ecos you 're usually not gon na use more than 1-2 mags before either dieing or grabbing a better weapon , so it is defenitely viable . 
  i love how they are using magazine size and count for balancing now . 
  very interesting mechanic . 
  i thougt about using a , b , c , d and e but we alread have the bombsites . . 
  good point , but the tec-9 is just aweful at the moment . 
  same with the dualies . 
  i wish they 'd try balancing them a little ( please do n't make them as op as the aug though ), 
  tell that to the germans pronouncing w like v. `` drop me avp pls '', 
  you got 6k and he got 4k . 
  you buy him an awp and he buys you an ak . 
  i was poking fun at myself and ny friends there , i speak german aswell . 
  and yea , you 're right , it 's wee . 
  from the other comment i assume you get fined 275 $ when you get caught drinking . . ? 
  one place nobody has mentioned yet are hospital roofs . 
  the loot spawns sloghtly below the roof , it still shows up in vicinity when you walk over a piece of loot but since you ca n't see it it 's hard to find . 
   i know , the roofs are never looted because the loot is invisible . 
  i think maps came out around that time . 
  and wolves . 
  ( was n't 1.3 the wolves update ? ), 
  well , i was close , 
  yea ... what the hell , pretty much excactly 4 years for me , started in beta 1.2 . 
  i can still remember how i played through the whole night with the friend who showed me the game when i first played it , how we almost could n't find our base after we died , when we decided to build a huge tower so we would n't get lost again ... that was before beds could set your spawnpoint . 
  i was hooked so much . 
  also , the tutorial system kinda sucked . 
  i still have no idea what the different monsters ' attacks do . 
  ingame i could n't really try them because i died before being able to use them . 
  why do you think the server owner is his friend ? 
  to stop it from deleting other blocks use this command :, 
  / execute @p ~ ~ ~ fill ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ glass 0 replace air, 
  that way it wo n't place the mushroom at all if you are inside a door for example , making you invisible . 
  2 bastards *, 
  fricking gmail . 
  why is `` im.orange@gmail.com '' considered the same as imorange@gmail.com? 
  why no underscores ? 
  took me ages to find an email name that was n't taken and at least made some sense . 
  also , when you step on something and can pull away your foot fast , you might get hurt less . 
  that 's what i thought the `` training '' was for in this case . 
  you can include the dot when creating the mail , and i believe it will only work with the dot from then on ( although i 'm not sure ) . 
  but when somebody creates the email account without the dot , you ca n't create a new account that has the same letter with some dot thrown in , extremely limiting the amount of emails that people can create . 
  for example if `` name.firstname @ gmail.com '' is taken you ca n't create `` namefirstname@gmail.com '' . 
  i thought stuff that falls into a black hole appears to go slower as it reaches the event horizon due to light getting slowed down by the gravitational pull of the black hole , and once it passes the horizon the object will appear to stop moving and slowly fade away ? 
  i remember seeing a vsauce video about it , but it 's been a while . 
  also , the sugar would n't be healthy for the teeth either , or does that not matter as much ? 
  ah , well . 
  pretty stupid if you ask me : /, 
  i wanted to just create an email with my first and last name , but all possible combinations that made at least some sense are taken . 
  there would be so many more with dots and underscores alone . 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  or people thought that it got discontinued and started `` investing '' , buying up the cases and thus inflating the price , drawing more people to invest into the cases . 
  a steam friend bought cases for 40 $ back when they were around 4-5 cents , he 'd make quite a profit already if he 'd sell them , but i think he wants to wait a bit longer still . 
  who knows how much they are in 3-6 months . 
  it might just be a bubble that bursts at some time , kinda like what happened with bitcoins a while back . 
  yea , all guns should be paintable eventually . 
  not sure what to do with the 80 % spraycan atm after using it once :p, 
  i only have 2 ' but i 'm 1,95 meters tall . 
  goddamnit i hate public transport seats . 
  it 's weird how much pain a seat can induce . 
  good idea , but the difference at night is quite negligible imho . 
  what happens if i. . . like ... stick a long pole into it at the equator that sticks out into space ? 
  could you approach light-speed that way at the end of the pole ? 
  i do n't know , i 've had iphones for quite a while now ( my first one was the 3g ) , and i 've never had a screen break on me , not even a crack . 
  and they have fallen . 
  a lot . 
  those samsung galaxies from some of my friends were not so fortunate though . 
  that 's all just anecdotal though , i 'd love to see some statistics on the subject . 
  thanks for this . 
  i wish they made wallbangs more viable . 
  they should n't be as strong as in 1.6 , but it should still be possible to shoot through thin walls with an ak like in ruins at b site inferno , and do somemore damage through stuff like the metal walls in nuke ( up on cat , hut and main ) . 
  so frustrating to get a `` 78 damage in 12 hits '' with an m4 when trying to bang a guy pushing through hut ) . 
  also more consistency , eg . 
  you still ca n't bang through the metal on nuke from a site to ramp while you can bang through the same metal from b site to ramp . 
  a fellow austrian ? 
  that 's almost like saying every software engineer should n't get paid for programs they write in visual studio . 
  not legally , but morally . 
  valve pays community map makers quite some money for putting their maps into the matchmaking in counterstrike go for example . 
  why are there roofs over the side of the road but not over the road itself ? 
  looks good , but that 's kinda bugging me for some reason :p, 
  as long as there are people ( kids ) playing on these servers and paying for their super ownage master op admin powers , they wo n't cease to exist . 
  people apparently pay 20 bucks or more for commands like / fly or whatever . 
  it 's stupid , but what can ya do ? 
  some smaller servers are still trying to do their own thing though , they 're a lot harder to find & get into though . 
  it 's a bit of a poor analogy , i admit . 
  but i think paying the map makers is a good idea anyways , this way more people will want to build such a map ( if mojang keeps adding new , good ones ) for a chance of getting picked and getting payed themselves .
