  now , the only problem is that you ca n't carry beer into the stage area , and inside it 's like 7 bucks for a small one , fuck that . 
  i ca n't remember the excact number , might 've been 300-400 . or that apartment was just stupid expensive , he was just decieved at first glance because he is used monthly rental prices . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's actually common to pay rent weekly in au ? 
  plus different currency . 
  but i guess at that point you 'd also have to compare standard of living , average wages , etc. 
  that sounds hilarious . 
  and yea , dangerous . 
  oh , i 'm from austria , i think our countries are fairly similar actually . 
  we , too , have extraordinarily high housing prices , maybe not as bad as in the middle of sydney , but we are an a lot smaller country aswell , so we do n't even a city as big as sydney . 
  if we had one , the prices would probably look similar . 
  or both . . 
  if he turns out op as fuck he 'll just get hit by nerfs . 
  if not , it might be good for the hero , in terms of buffs . 
  i actually have no clue how it will turn out . 
  i barely ever played him since his update . 
  same thing on ios . 
  i turned youtube notifications off cause it annoyed me so much . 
  detection ? 
  the new pl does n't have aninvis skill . 
  or are you building shadowblade ? 
  no mob can detect you through walls except spiders . 
  link ? 
  down :(, 
  well , that 'd make it very easy to get away from mobs . 
  they should at least go around the corner they just saw you taking , if they still do n't see you afterwards then maybe de-aggro, 
  i 'm not sure why but there 's no video on that site for me . 
  i 'm confused . 
  even turned adblock off . 
  just found a mirror, 
  ~ ~ unstated on dotabuff just means dotabuff does n't have enough data on the other players to assess the skill level ( meaning none or almost none of the other players have a dotabuff profile ) , which is usually the case in lower mmrs . ~ ~, 
  i did n't know that . 
  so it must be something else , either a cutoff or you need a certain number of games to get into a bracket . 
  try 8 am , have n't slept a minute tonight . 
  my sleep schedules is messed up , i only slept 1-2 hours 2 days ago , then yesterday about 17 hours . 
  so today i 'm trying to stay up until the evening to normalize the schedule again ... 
  i 'll probably make it till noon only though haha . 
  well , good thing i got winter break til march . 
  at that point you could just light up the whole forest ... 
  mmhh . . well , i could use some food actually . 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  how 's your sleep schedule been ? 
  are you on break aswell or do you have to get up tomorrow ? 
  i personally think days should be longer . 
  i always want to stay awake for ~ 16 hours and then sleep for at least 10 . 
  my days are just too short . 
  oh man , i 'd love a job where i can set my own times , 
  i 'm in uni atm , had my last exam for the semster on wednesday and am now free for the month . 
  times vary , usually start at 8am though . 
  it 's pretty chill for now , it 'll get more stressful later on . 
  hah , well honestly i 'm not too worried about that , software engineers have pretty good job security in the future , bit more worried about a good friend who 's going to be a musician , he does n't even quite know what to study now . 
  i would n't want to be in his position , but it 's just his thing and he 's honestly quite talented . 
  there 's just too many talented musicians out there for the field to be profitable for everybody . 
  weird , never had problems with it even in more demanding games like dayz or bf3 on an i5 and 770 . did n't notice any framerate impact . 
  yea ... you have a newer graphics card , why would it work on mine if not on yours ? 
  ctrl-alt-click inc, 
  projectile/level ( of a building ), 
  although i know some people write the second one with double s aswell . 
  it does n't sit right with me though because of the pronounciation . 
  in words with double s , the vowel before it is short , vowels before \u00df are long . 
  huh , i 've only ever heard it being called `` sharp s '' . 
  but i 'm from austria , we name some thing different than our northern neighbors do . 
  on alienblue , can confirm broken html, 
  wtf ? 
  well , no matter what it 's called , it 's great !, 
  i love this kind of music , and you did a great job . 
  travelled to london last year from austria and i thought my id would be enough but no , needed my passport . 
  p - p - put yo hands up in the aaaaiir put yo hands up !, 
  in the aaaaiir . . !, 
  yea . . that video really was n't that great . 
  he 's completely missing sushi/rice vinegar . 
  also no fish , but that 's preference i guess , 
  i was just poking fun , my brothers dislike fish aswell so we always make some veggy rolls aswell, 
  yea that mighta been it . 
  i went with ryan air , and i do n't think they asked for the passport in the uk actually , only in austria ( both ways ), 
  it 's fun playing along . 
  i 'm with you there , i admit buying it day 1 , if just for the fact that i had at least 200 hours in the mod before that and i knew i had my money worth already , so i thought of it more as a donation for the future . 
  but man , they really let me down with the standalone . 
  i had some fun playing it aswell , but wow , every time they update it i feel like the game gets even worse , all the new items and the farming feel as clunky as the shitty animation-bound movement system , and i do n't expect this game to really go anywhere in the future . 
  it was a fun time , but sadly it 's best days are already over . 
  i also had to unsub from / r/dayz . 
  such a mess of a subreddit . 
  it 's hard not to loose track of time sometimes . 
  mod is just over 3 years old though . 
  yup , press once , it might do nothing . 
  spam it , it 's gon na pull the rifle out and then right back onto your back . 
  so much fun when you get killed while trying to get your friggin rifle out . 
  clunky mess of a game . 
  / r/rule34 ? 
  sounds like chewing gum, 
  well , the ipad came out 2010 , i think win 98 was still around in the year 2000 , so his point stands :p, 
  kinda wastes the slow if they are stunned while slowed . 
  that 's why my main combo is roll-pull into ulti . 
  slow + silence so they ca n't run and ca n't cast spells . 
  if they tp or try to run after slow wears off , you can still stun them . 
  for some reason the camera perspective/fov makes it seem like the cars are standing still , it 's weird . 
  the truck did almost a 90 \u00b0 turn before hitting the wall too . 
  i can understand swerving to avoid the car but that much ? 
  his back left tire lost contact to the ground even . 
  that 's cool !, 
  how well can you see the satellites through that telescope ?
