  i see your point . 
  both ways have their advantages and disadvantages i guess . 
  i just think if such a system is in place , everyone will look it up and if you do n't , you put yourself at a disadvantage until you found all the books . 
  moreover , something like a skillsystem would give your character more meaning . 
  at the moment , you do n't really care about your character , only about your gear . 
  something like crafting skills would make you want to stay alive . 
  for me , the fps have been bugged since around the arms deal update . 
  always used to have at least 140 fps , since then i have to cap it at 70 and still get dips below that . 
  nothing will fix it . 
  also had this problem after an update in june/july ( when the whole memory leak thing came up ) but it got fixed about a month later . 
  sadly , the problem came back . 
  what ? 
  that 's not the same gif at all , are you high ? 
  i also read the other comment . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ yes you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ are banned, 
  also i win . 
  i 've noticed that after you rank up or down , if you either get 3 consecutive wins or looses , you immediately rank up/down again . 
  once you have at least one loose and win , it gets more complicated . 
  ca n't really confirm the net 4 theory , but i have n't counted my net balance after a rankup/down before . 
  got ta do that next time . 
  yea my friends had the same issue after playing cobble with me . 
  he ended actually buying bravo because he wanted to play but i was n't on to fix it and he wanted to get it anyways , but that really should get fixed . 
  i7-qm3610qm / geforce 670m, 
  i 've gone over this a few times already , everything anyone has suggested so far has not helped me at all sadly . 
  cores are unparked , various registry fixes , changing some config settings , virus and malware scanning , launch parameters , dust cleaning , reinstalling on ssd , messing with nvidia control center , you name it . 
  not even 5 fps increase from all that . 
  i 'm always open for new things to try though , maybe * something * helps . 
  i 'm coming more and more to the conclusion that only valve can fix it though , and that they are the ones who caused my fps drops in the first place ( not intentionally of course ) . 
  i 'm not the only one , but we are too few to really grab their attention i feel : /, 
  might contact the steam support one day , but i do n't think they can help me . 
  you ca n't escape the ban hammer !, 
  i guess you did n't read [ the other ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wheredidthesodago/comments/1uai18/tiny_baby_straight_jacket/ceg7r68 ) comment . 
  * sigh *, 
  of course . 
  i 've gone over that basic stuff 100 times already . 
  it does help , but i 've never had it disabled in the first place , so yea :p, 
  i have everything on lowest settings . 
  multicore on . 
  it 's not an issue with my laptop im sure ... 
  i 've gotten 140 steady frames before aswell . 
  eh , problem is that each rank is so diverse . 
  i see people from my rank playing worse than some other gold nova 4 and some play better than some le i 've seen . 
  it 's weird . 
  i was gon na say somebody needs to rebuild the start of morrowind for a server spawn !, 
  that 'd be awesome . 
  then even less people would bake stuff . 
  just tried some icy cooler gel stuff , my laptops very cool now , did n't help with the framerate though . 
  it 's not underclocking my cpu , that 's for sure . 
  gpu is only about 60 % used during gameplay . 
  tbh , i do n't see `` you may not kick players '' in that list . 
  although it should be on that list . 
  sorry , commented before watching the whole thing . 
  yea , that 's def . 
  against the rules . 
  that server admin is a dick . 
  until the novelty wears off , maybe . 
  subreddits are not a democracy , 
  has n't happened to me in 40 + gameplay hours now . 
  there 's even a bug where you can hold dual wielded weapons in one hand . 
  perfect . 
  you could say the `` subscribe '' button is like a vote , i guess . 
  the rules stop applying when the mods are n't active enough to enforce them , really . 
  without rules , a sub can go to shit , as demonstrated by various defaults . 
  well , / r/kerbalspaceprogram is the direct link , 
  i got ta start calling balota `` bolita '' haha , 
  damn , you shot way too much at the first guy with your dmr haha . 
  2 hits and they 're dead . 
  nice little firefight though . 
  depends really on how you like to play . 
  i play with a very high fov just because i like it that way and it looks more natural on my monitor , but it also means i ca n't see targets at a distance as easily and my scope does n't zoom in as much . 
  i 've also noticed you ca n't hear them very far . 
  my friend was like 200 meters away shooting his mosin and i could n't hear the shots . 
  and that was over the flat airfield . 
  no buildings or anything inbetween us . 
  for some reason i did n't realize until the end of the video that your legs were invisible , haha . 
  i 'm sorry to break it to you , but ... you probably are n't canadian enough . 
  ~ 40 hour gametime logged , about 10 seconds rain logged . 
  if you log in , he 's gon na kick you . 
  so , no , not allowed . 
  people say private hives ruined the mod because it made it possible to change stuff like vehicle count and what you spawned with . 
  nowadays the most popular dayzmod servers are just simply arma2 deathmatch server with some zombies thrown in since you spawn with full gear and have 1000 + vehicles on one server . 
  the hivemind is split up for once !, 
  aww unlucky . 
  although you probably should n't have spent so much time organizing your gear haha . 
  and to be honest , if somebody with an m4 is leaning over a pile of bodies , i 'd probably shoot without asking questions aswell , 
  they really need to implement a static time for the whole hive . 
  do n't let server owners choose the time , let the hive choose it . 
  and then implement a 21 hours day or whatever so everyone gets the chance to play at night and day . 
  it 's really weird , sometimes during the night it 's darker with clouds on low , sometimes it 's darker with clouds off . 
  if you ca n't see shit at night , try changing it either to low or off and see if it helps you . 
  sometimes it does work without it , sometimes it does n't work with fists up either . 
  it seems very very random . 
  made an issue on the bugtracker about this a while ago , come and upvote !, 
  you ca n't figure it out because it 's random . 
  sometimes it only works with fists up , sometimes only when it 's down . 
  sometimes neither work . 
  relevant bug tracker issue :, 
  http://feedback.dayzgame.com/view.php?id=129 and, 
  http://feedback.dayzgame.com/view.php?id=1845 ( apparently fixed , although it is n't ), 
  yep , the arma engine seems to be * horrible * in those regards .
