  there 's also a friend of mine who is a few ranks below me who i play with regularly . 
  he pretty much only plays p90 , and because of his lacking gamesense he usually does pretty terrible , but in some rounds he just fucks people in my ranks up with that gun . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  in the nvidia options menu you can set grafic options ( anti-aliasing , etc. ), 
  for each application , but not color options afaik . 
  the first thing i could think of is increasing spread while moving and jumping . 
  the damage output could be decreased a little bit aswell against armor ( lower armor penetration ) so it 's less like a 50 bullet rifle and more like the other smgs . 
  if one would add those changes you could also think about buffing other aspects of the gun to make it a more skillfull gun overall and to not make it completely redundant . 
  but that 's another story . 
  there 's a difference between `` take it down slightly '' and `` nerf i to hell '' . 
  not sure if valve knows that though ( -  deagle ), 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/rainmeter/comments/1qwxui/black_blue_orange_partly_oc/ ) my dual monitor setup i posted here a while ago , maybe you like it . 
  it 's got more than i need , and it 's a bit different now than it was , but similar . 
  yea i guess so . 
  go to http://www.weather.com/ and search for your city , then check the url , your weather code should be in it . 
  for example my city has the url http://www.weather.com/weather/today/salzburg+auxx0018:1:au, 
  auxx0018 is the weather code you need . 
  sethbling did that already . 
  i do n't understand . 
  where would the side-slabs go in this pic ? 
  np , glad you like it . 
  no , you ca n't see yourself that way . 
  i remember doing this in a friends bukkit server with worldedit . 
  / snow 100 ( all blocks in radius 100 get covered with snow ), 
  / / replace snow tnt 100 ( snow gets replaced by tnt in radius 100 ), 
  huh , i wonder how a world with large biomes would look like . 
  ah now i see it . 
  thanks . 
  jeez . 
  it 's kinda bad if you are almost required to go to the nether just to find another biome . 
  they include all gamemodes , not only mm . 
  i still have n't found out why i 'm only getting 60-95 fps since the arms deal update ( ~ 15-30fps if there 's smoke involved ) down from constant 140 fps ( ~ 110 with smokes ) before it . 
  i 've tried so much . 
  so , so much . 
  at this point , i really have nothing left to blame but the game itself , as much as i 'd like it to be something else that i can fix myself . 
  also , cobblestone is so full with invisible walls it 's just frustrating . 
  especially because they can turn a one hit headshot kill into 27 in 1 . 
  there 's been different versions of this virus around the webs . 
  a relative caught one that was difficult to deal with because it locked it down completely and blocked all interaction with the computer , even ctrl alt del and was a bitch to get removed again . 
  and that 's assuming you already know where it is . 
  now , _ finding _ it without external tools in the first place ... 
  instead of seeing it as `` he has less than 50 hours , he must be hacking '' i just see it as another hint that he might be one . 
  sure , it 's no proof or whatever , but it 's a hint . 
  i 've seen hackers that had 1000 + hours already , but they are rare . 
  same the other way around , there 's people palaying that good at & lt ; 200 hours playtime , but they are rare ( and usually have 500 + in older cs titles . 
  i still do n't agree with op that sucha change is necessary . 
  other things would be a lot more useful . 
  pretty cool !, 
  using the scoreboard to stop it from cloning into infinity is a good idea . 
  we have to get up to treat our patients sometimes . 
  also , you would n't believe how many ambulance drivers there are that are too lazy to fasten their seatbelts . 
  some of our cars make annoying beeping noises if you do n't fasten it on the drivers seat , so one of the drivers i know just takes the little clip thing you tuck into the lock system to work , tucks it in in the morning and takes it with him again in the evening . 
  source : paramedic in austria, 
  yea , that 's what some of the other drivers do ( seatbelt behind their back ) . 
  yea , but he can leave it tucked in for the day and does n't have to fasten it 100 times again over the day . 
  did n't actually watch the video tbh . 
  i see enough of this kinda thing at the job already . 
  i like the funny little harmless accidents and other stuff you can find on this sub , but i stay away from the nsfw-ish vids . 
  and yes , you 'd really think they 'd know better . 
  some people are just lazier than it 's good for them . 
  and yes , it 's just laziness . 
  that 's why they do n't fasten it ( at least while they are in front ) . 
  we need those miliseconds ... 
  this was so much better in slow-motion while it loaded . 
  was just `` copying '' the title of an earlier submission which was `` how to counter-ace '' :p, 
  that 's what happens when you think `` oh only one left , easy , let 's rush him '' . 
  he now just has to win 5 times 1v1 , which is easier ( especially when they are already lower on hp ) than 1 time 1v5 where they can shoot you from the sides and behind . 
  well , what if i have a redstone device where i want to open only one of them at the time ? 
  i do n't like this idea . 
  also , when you make it so long that part of it is in unloaded chunks , what happens ? 
  he logged and _ then _ called you a faggot ? 
  what , were you on his teamspeak ? 
  what is this , 10 colors mode ? 
  oh yea i accidently skipped that . 
  combatlogging ghoster then . 
  that 's true , but it was randoms on mm . 
  you never know how good their communication is , and he might have still pushed . 
  some players do n't even think about fakes and attack the second they hear the defuse sound . 
  he was playing it smarter , but i got lucky , 
  i ca n't find more than 9 now either , not sure were i got the tenth one . 
  yea that makes sense . 
  i did n't notice that one of his enemies had 4ks . 
  eh , it really depends . 
  in the video i did n't have a kit , else i might even have tried pulling through the first time . 
  while we 're at it , debunk the useless `` minecraft : '' , so minecraft : dirt becomes just dirt . 
  it works already without it in most cases , but tab autocomplete only works with `` minecraft : '', 
  oh , so that 's what it 's for . 
  i never understood why it 's necessary . 
  so blocks from mods would have different prefixes ( eg . 
  the mods name ) ? 
  i can see people using a pistol or something to lock themselves into toxic . 
  they could still open the door by picking up the pistol , but else you could just hide in the corner until they try to defuse . 
  670m and i7 something-qm , getting 60-70 and 20-30 around smokes . 
  actually had my fps capped at 140 before the arms deal update and it almost never dipped below that . 
  never below 120 . 
  my 120hz monitor feels like a waste of money now :(, 
  i ca n't even list everything i 've tried already . 
  300 $ is less than 1/16 of it 's price though , not including armor and nades . 
  just saying . 
  also , it 's supposed to be a bit better than the awp while still being counter-able .
