  where does he look confused to you ? 
  10th time somebody suggested this ... 
  i 'm thinking it might have accidently been implemented : code-wise , maybe you can only have 1 type of sickness at once , so when he drank so much that he vomitted it might have overwritten the poisoning with the stuffed sickness . 
  or maybe he was going to get better anyways . 
  you got shot around a corner because lag and desync . 
  i actually switch to fp inside all the time bc the camera seems to get stuck behind walls or in the ceiling all the time . . 
  and the bandana , which gives 1 i believe . 
  the shirt gives you some protection against bleeding , so i would keep it on until you find another one . 
  1 blood bag = 1000 blood . 
  full blood = 5000 blood . 
  apparently shadowplay is really great and does n't use too many ressources . 
  i wish i could test it but it does n't work on notebook graphics so far . 
  it certainly only adds 1000 blood , so my guessis ot also takes 1000 . 
  well , that was against other bots , so it 's not excactly the same . 
  still hilarious to watch :d, 
  notebook cards do n't have the kepler architecture : /, 
  i was gon na mention the pirates of the caribbean game . 
  not sure if just nostalgia , but i have fond memories of that game . 
  it was a bit glitchy at times , and i think my save got erased at one point ( not sure if my fault ) but i really liked the gameplay . 
  / r/baww, 
  sooo ... it is accurate . 
  rules :, 
  include in the comments download links to all skins and wallpapers used in your post . 
  thanks for the font !, 
  just add a border around the font that is the inverse color of your font-color , it should be readable on all bg 's then . 
  happened not long ago somewhere in eastern europe !, 
  they banned hard alcohol for a while because people died from methanol . 
  i think they caught whoever did it though . 
  670m here !, 
  i still got some hope though , since it says here : http://www.geforce.com/geforce-experience/shadowplay, 
  `` notebook gpus are not supported at this time '', 
  so it may work in the future . 
  ah i see , i believe it happened around one year ago in the czech republic . 
  not to be a dick , but that one is only 1587x1063 :p, 
  res helps with those kind of links . 
  that website is for cropping , it wo n't make the picture a larger resolution though . 
  near `` something '' suggests it almost did `` something '' . 
  not that it was near when it did `` something '' . 
  `` i nearly hit you in the head ! '', 
  does n't mean i was near when i hit you in the head either . 
  well shit , i do n't know about russia , but in my country construction sites need to be clearly visible even at night , with blinking lights and signs and shit . 
  especially on a highway . 
  i get the same rush in counterstrike sometimes , especially in 1v1 situations . 
  you just never know what your opponent will do next , you never know how fast he will react and how fast you can react , who gets the drop , who aims better , who * wins * . 
  gets my heart pumping . 
  e : actually , the first game that got my adrenaline flowing the same way was runescape every time i went to the wilderness . 
  got all that good gear i 've worked hours for , ready to loose it any second . 
  did n't help that i was crap at pking and never actually killed anyone , just died myself a few times . 
  1900x1200 obviously !, 
  was gon na say that , we 've had a neat discussion on your thread already . 
  yup , relogging fixes your legs at the moment ... 
  * cough * ^ ^ ^ username, 
  afaik you can only see players up to 400-500 meters atm . 
   implying there are any fp servers ... 
  players do n't render that far though . 
  my only source is 2 reddit posts i 've seen , both had quite a few upvotes and were people complaining that people turn invisible after 400-500 meters . 
  that hill is about 300-500 meters away , so yes , you can . 
  i 've also heard that the object quality might have somethintg to do with draw distance . 
  not sure if that 's true though . 
  that 's a problem though . 
  it 's nice to see that you can change these settings ( even though not ingame ) , but players should render at the same distance for everybody . 
  you should n't need to tweak a config file to see somebody from farther than 400m . 
  i know i know . 
  alpha . 
  i just hope they fix this soon . 
  because the up arrow does n't support sprinting ( double tap w ) . 
  unless you change it in the settings , of course . 
  road rage . 
  for me it was foxtrot unicorn charlie kilo, 
  how is a gif more convenient than a video ? 
  you do n't need to open another webpage with a video either . 
  just the embedded player . 
  if the video is choppy , chances are the guf will be more choppy . 
  gifs are usually larger than videos . 
  and you should really get ad block . 
  also with res , you do n't even have to leave reddit , you can just watch it in an embeded player . 
  html 5 is the future though . 
  i know , it 's uniform , not unicorn , is what i 'm saying . 
  glitches or not , i 've seen sub 5 minutes ones who do n't use glitches . 
  the game is just designed in this way . 
  if you know your way around , you can finish the game that fast . 
  i believe sub 4 minutes are not possible without glitching a little bit . 
  reddit enhancement suite . 
  here 's the chrome addon :, 
  yea guys , nice . 
  downvote him all you want , he 's probably right . 
  if he really was an admin he would 've just banned em . 
  pretty sure they fixed the rocks , i 've been climbing on them a lot and did n't break my bones . 
  yup that was just some random troll aswell . 
  anyone can kick people at the moment . 
  well if you fall down you should break them . 
  source ? 
  i 've seen a video claiming otherwise . 
  it 's quite old , but i guess it has n't been changed . 
  thanks for the vid, 
  * sw and se or ne and se . 
  what . 
  that looked like 2 broken legs and knees to me , at the very least . 
  i mean , she was actually upside down in the air for a moment . 
  i did n't until reading this comment ... huh ...
