  hate people who build sny on omni . 
  you can chase even better , but you still do no damage , goddamnit . 
  some people you just ca n't communicate with . 
  just an example from this week : we got od and abbaddon , abba goes mid and od offlane , when i just politely asked why i get a `` fuck you retard '' . 
  no point in not muting such people right away , else you are just gon na fight all game . 
  yes , they basically stop the bike from flipping further while also helping the rider to start turning again . 
  i 've had 3 in ~ 1500 hours . 
  once was when we got matched up against some people we knew ( completely on accident , we did n't know they were queueing ) . 
  fun times . 
  oh man , makes me want to play ksp again , 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm glad if i can pull one of that puts me at least somewhat the direction i wanted to go . 
  you called ? 
  the counterstrike way . 
  just learnt about this fact today ... 
  in university . 
  after learning the same thing in school 2-3 years ago . 
  and i knew it was wrong back then already : /, 
  man , i hate when i accidently six-pack myself . 
  i never heard he was bad at maths , just that he got bad grades in school . 
  as an austrian , the northern germans are the funny talking ones !, 
  oh , and nobody understands the swiss . 
  10 vehicles is nothing for this big map . 
  goddamn those boots look small , almost disproportionate compared to his legs . 
  and everytime you read about your future it changes . 
  refresh -  died in 2044 car accident -  not gon na drive that day -  refresh -  died 2045 in car accident and so on, 
  in this case she went at walking speed and the kid was the one driving on the wrong side and not being able to break when there 's danger . 
  i 'm from austria and there 's no way the driver would be at fault here ( even legally ) . 
  that 's probably the first one here that i 've seen which looks nice with the equalizer thingy . 
  usually they look quite out of place but you made it look good !, 
  why not ? 
  a stun is so handy . 
  that 's why you have a rear and a side mirrors , and can look over your shoulder to check the blind spot . 
  it 's called the the `` 3s-blick '' in austria , for `` spiegel , spiegel , schulter '' ( mirror , mirror , shoulder ) . 
  you are supposed to _ always _ do that before taking a left or right turn . 
  there could _ always _ be a motorcycle or whatever overtaking you at that moment . 
  ty , i think imgur is having problems right now , the gif is not loading properly . 
  hey guys !, 
  hope this little sub does n't get hit by too many trolls from askreddit , it seems really nice so far , 
  i could swear that i know both of these from video games , but i 'm not sure which ones . 
  the first one sounds like minecraft to me , the second one ... maybe anno 1503 ? 
  i ca n't remember but that 's what i 'm remembering when hearing it , which is kinda awesome since i have n't played it in yeeaars . 
  i 'm not somebody who complains about realism in a zombie game usually , but as an ex-paramedic i now want to see how you make a slingshot out of a plastic tube that does n't really expand :p, 
  / fill, 
  i still think they should use a system like worldedit ( plus we gui ) , it was the best thing ever for building large things and copying stuff . 
  the new system is such a hassle and not a full replacement ( although it can do more than we with command blocks of course ) . 
  selecting two blocks and just being able to fill out everything in between no matter how big was just so useful . 
  the current max block limit sucks . 
  we got 3 points , the first one being the video, 
  if the enemy has glaives , do you steal int from your teammates ? 
   that one is really fucked up . 
  the person with glaives has the ability to steal int , but it always goes to silencer . 
  apparently it 's tied to the glaives skill , at least according to what the guys above me said . 
  these kind of bots are just stupid and annoying . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  the point is a lot less than 1000 lbs though . 
  and euls only removes them at the end , right ? 
  holy shit, 
  look through the comments ? 
  so what ? 
  are you implying that exempts him from having to give credit and makes it right to lie in the title ? 
  people who want to know more about the artist . 
  ha , are you my best friend ? 
  he turned 20 today aswell , 
  shit man , i 'm excactly there right now . 
  and i 'm not even sure i 'd like to be with her for long , my stomach just tells me i have to be happy everytime she says my name . 
  uhmm ... 
  so you 're saying if somebody does n't know about them they do n't use em ? 
  makes sense . 
  when i was six i went out with my grandma for a walk . 
  at a small lake maybe 10 minutes from home i decided to climb a small tree when she took a rest . 
  bad idea . 
  branch broke and i fell maybe half a meter only , but right into a crotch with my foot , which caused my shin and fibola to break . 
  i did n't feel it right away ( like every time i broke a bone ... 4 so far ) , so my grandmother assumed i was fine ( even though my mom later told me that my leg was noticably deformed ... ) anyways , i started crying soon after and had to walk home/limp home because my grandmother did n't think it was that bad . 
  fun times . 
  next thing i remember is playing super mario in the hospital on my gamebody color . 
  lappy with second monitor , do n't have one at hand of my main pc atm , which looks cooler , but i 'm fine with my lappy too , 
  i like to think i 'm doing alright . 
  i love my subject ( software engineering ) , and i 'm really getting along with all the other guys . 
  i think one of the reasons why i 'm so down though is because there 's really almost no girls doing se , so i am in this small college town for the next 3 years with mainly guys , plus it does n't help that family is poking and asking about it all the time . 
  i do n't think it 's their business . 
  it 's just making me feel weird . 
  and , and , and i could probably go on for a while here . 
  sorry for whining so much , i 'm prolly still a bit ( very ) drunk , but thank you very much for your advice , i really appreciate it . 
  i 'll try and find my way . 
  just ca n't really talk to anyone i know about that stuff ( i dont even know why . . ), 
  i hope you get through everything well yourself !, 
  billy talent live was pretty awesome . 
  lots of action on stage and off stage . 
  listening to music while waiting for my room neighbour ( student dorms ) to finally finish his homework so we can play some dota , 
  how bout you op ? 
  * reposts will be removed ( 6 month limit ) . 
  glad you enjoy them . 
  they hit pretty much excactly my kind of music , but i do like some bands or songs from other genres aswell ocasionally , for example when a friend of mine introduced me to a progressive metal band called seventh wonder i really really liked them , but i could n't find other similar bands i enjoyed after that . 
  torrenting is not piracy . 
  is torrenting windows illegal when you have a key to activate it ? 
  ( and you 're not torrenting a cracked version ), 
  hmm , i 'm looking for new music to listen to at the moment , got pretty much nothing except biffy i listen to right now . 
  previously i mostly listened to bigger names like blink182 , rise against , some green day and linkin park i guess , offspring and some other stuff in different genres . 
  nothing really interesting i guess .
