  also here is the interfax source that is causing the commotion : http://interfax.com.ua/news/general/194107.html every news organization has taken the news from interfax , no one have so far been able to confirm with russian military from what i hear . 
  and a junior officer from ukraine at a besieged military base in crimea dismissed it as `` probably nonsense '' when asked to confirm by a journalist . 
  uhm do you mean the wallpaper that i have on my profile on twitter ? 
  haha if so , [ here ] ( http://www.wallpaperinhd.net/file/7893/2880x1800/stretch/funny-wallpaper-%281920x1080px%29-6.jpg ) is the largest size i could find on the internet . 
  interfax source that is causing the commotion : http://interfax.com.ua/news/general/194107.html every news organization has taken the news from interfax , no one have so far been able to confirm with russian military from what i hear . 
  and a junior officer from ukraine at a besieged military base in crimea dismissed it as `` probably nonsense '' when asked to confirm by a journalist . 
  it will at some point go up a bit most likely , but if things escalate even more ... we 'll see . 
  i just read a rumor that the commander of the russian black sea fleet has ordered ukrainian troops on crimea to drop their weapons , or all military objectives on crimea will be attacked ... do n't know if the rumor is true at all , but the point is that if something like that was to happen the stock would crash even further , and it 's not too unlikely that something like that will happen in the future . 
  11 % now , read that it was 56.1 bln dollars worth . . also gazprom has crashed 15 % today . 
  edit : the market index is down 13 % now !, 
  i got mfa_russia there too . 
  euromaidan basically only copy pastes what other journos or politicians like max seddon or carl bildt write though . 
  if people ca n't be critical of what they read that 's up to them , but euromaidan gives an interesting view on things and more info , despite possible bias . 
  why are the captions relevant ? 
  i saw the clip earlier today with captions anyhow . 
  anyway , it 's ignorant to write in the topic that they 're 16 year old like it 's a fact when you simply believe what you 're seeing is 16 year old people ... and considering you can only see a fifth of their face ... 
  i 'm wondering how the hell you can make that judgement . 
  the first two guys i assumed was in their 30 's at least . 
  huh ? 
  those guys do not look 16 ... 
  sorry , i really should look in to that list thing . 
  hope it was of any use at least !, 
  edit : i made [ a list ] ( https://twitter.com/alecaxelblom/lists/ukraine ) - am i doing it right ? 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/alecaxelblom/lists/ukraine ) is a list to follow on twitter . 
  thanks for the translation !, 
  i saw the vid earlier but did n't know what was said , but apparently it was a ukrainian weapons storage , not a base . 
  and the officers were the only thing stopping russians from confiscating the weapons in the depot/storage . 
  during the georgian conflict there was live reporting though . 
  i remember bbc or cnn or what it was who followed a russian tank convoy , the last tank in the convoy stopped and the journalists came up to them and there were drunk russians sitting on the tank who cried in front of the camera saying they wanted to go home and they did n't want to be there ... 
  the russian soldiers are n't talking with others , there was a swedish journalist who was trying to interview russian troops who were patrolling but they would n't even say a word or utter anything . 
  they fully ignored any question and kept on patrolling . 
  tons of journos at the spot reporting on it , among others max seddon from buzzfeed . 
  i 'm following 10 journalists on the ground in the crimea on twitter , you should too !, 
  you get tons of information quickly and photos . 
  last photo i saw was of an archbishop standing outside this gate in op 's picture between the russian and ukrainian soldiers . 
  i 'll make a list of the ones to follow if people want that . 
  now the ukraine military commander at that base is negotiating with the russian troops outside . 
  russians said earlier ( do n't know how long ago ) that if the ukrainian soldiers do n't put down their arms and leave within 1,5 hours they will be attacked ... lots of russian troops outside with armored vehicles at the moment and more on their way ( a column reported being seen on the streets ) . 
  this discussion has been good , i thank you for your criticism !, 
  i did not say that there are `` several hundred thousand potential extremist paramilitaries '' though , i said `` a few hundred thousand nationalists '' . 
  svoboda is just that difference , they are nationalist but not paramilitary . 
  i 'm sorry if it looks like i 'm trying to diminish what has been done by the pro-democratic forces who are the majority in my posts . 
  the subject of nationalists is pretty interesting that 's why i 'm discussing it ( i 'm , sadly , acquinted with a top swedish nationalist ) . 
  like i said in another post , i said that 's the reasoning of the military . 
  because there are swedish and other nationalists flying to crimea to pick fights like they 've done before . 
  i 'm not defending the decision as it 's an illegal act . 
  i support klitschko 100 % and ukraine staying together . 
  i support the demonstrators as well . 
  looks like in the future you should n't do guesses about people . 
  indeed they had 15,000 members in 2010 after trippling since 2004 . 
  would n't you say that most people who vote on a social democratic party are social democrats ? 
  ( or at least 20 % of the . . ? ), 
  why would there be any difference when it comes to nationalistic parties ? 
  if the nationalistic party , and former paramilitary party , svoboda , has 2,2 million votes , is it not reasonable to expect that they have a certain number of people who adhere to their vision after reports coming in about the far right movement on ukrainian nationalists ? 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/178013/ukrainian-nationalism-heart-euromaidan ) article , it also points towards there being a huge right wing movement . 
  i wrote `` the far right movement in ukraine is very big . 
  it has a few hundred thousand members . '', 
  does one really have to be an written member in a nationalistic group to count as a member ? 
  i meant it as a member of a group of people or a movement ( perhaps i should 've been clearer ) . 
  just like i 'm one of millions of members of the feminist movement in sweden . 
  if that 's incorrect english grammar i do apologize , english is n't my main language . 
  just to be clear , i never read russia today or other outlets of soft power from russia , so my impression is n't formed from there . 
  you do n't think a far right nationalistic party getting over 2 million votes means that there are a few hundred thousand nationalists in ukraine ? 
  if you look through all nationalistic groups in ukraine on wikipedia alone and not the smaller ones you 'll get over 100,000 as well . 
  i read 1-2 weeks ago that there was 200,000-300 ,000 nationalists in primarily western ukraine , i 'm afraid i 'm unable to find the source now for it as i ca n't remember where i read it . 
  however , during the 2007 elections the far right populistic and nationalistic party svoboda did n't get in to parlament , but in 2012 they got in with over 2 million votes ( !, 
  ) , and in 2010 they had 15,000 members ( no doubt skyrocketing during the years since 2007 until today ) . 
  there also are a lot of smaller nationalistic semi-militant groups like the `` right sector '' group that participated during the fighting in kiev . 
  it 's not a subject i know too much about , it 's just a subject on the side that i 've learned about a bit while studying . 
  but edl has a lot of contacts with nordic nationalistic groups . 
  do you know anders behring breivik ? 
  he was linked to the sister organization of edl in norway , or if it was edl itself , i 'm afraid my memory fails me here a bit . 
  nationalists are tricky though . 
  when the finnish far right party `` the true finns '' had a huge success in a finnish election some years back i remember a swedish nationalist saying `` happy for finland , but honestly the true finns suck donkey d * ck '' . 
  this might have to do with finland once being a part of sweden , and for finland to then have a nationalistic group is n't too fun for the nationalistic swedes . 
  also i know of nationalists in sweden going to hungary where the nationalist group magyar garda is pretty big to have summer camps . 
  and other nationalists in sweden have gone to kibbutz in israel . 
  i do n't know the purpose for that , but nationalists ni sweden have weird views on israel , there 's a surprising amount of zionists ( people who want to see israel exist basically ) . 
  i know , i was also super shocked when i first heard it . 
  but the reasoning behind this is that they see israel as the final frontier stopping a muslim `` invasion '' . 
  i 'm unsure of what nationalists from other countries think of israel though , i know the hungarian nationalists hate jews though . 
  there are a few interesting documentaries on the subject that i 've seen in the past but it was quite some time ago and i 'm afraid i do n't remember any names , but it should be easy to google . 
  nope , like i said in another comment the far right movement in ukraine is very big . 
  it has a few hundred thousand members . 
  it also has a long history . 
  and nationalist movements around europe work together , especially the english defense league has set up cooperations with other movements . 
  it 's only to be expected that other nationalist movements want to cooperate with a network that is so big and now has political power . 
  nationalists in europe are pretty organized . 
  swedish far right and norwegian far right has very close ties to the english defence league for example . 
  considering the huge size and long history of the ukrainian far right movement it 's not surprising that nationalists from around europe are willing to go to ukraine . 
  i 'm not denying that , i 'm merely stating the reasons in the eyes of the russian military . 
  yes in sweden the far right is pretty anti-russian . 
  mostly because russia is the only threat to sweden militarily and they are viewed as bullies by a lot of swedes thanks to the history we have . 
  the nationalists in sweden are very patriotic , like most countries , and they of course want to preserve sweden and hence dislike russia . 
  it is a tricky relation though because they also appreciate that russia is a country that has historically challenged the us though and other things , also russia is n't the best of pals with the eu , and nationalists dislike eu . 
  i think in ukraines case it 's pretty clear that the far right movement in the ukrainian opposition ( or former opposition ) is very big and it has a long history , predating wwll . 
  and they are very involved in the struggle that 's going on , that 's why nationalists from europe are gathering . 
  swedish national television were there very early and 1,5 h ago they broadcasted an interview from inside the airport with one of the armed men there . 
  it appears to be a mix of soldiers and local militia . 
  the militia claim that they have n't talked with the russian troops and they do n't know why they are there , but according to the reporters from swedish television it was very clear that they were organized together .
