  in 2011 they tried some good ol' historical revisionism by saying they in the past have worked against apartheid etc , they also said they were among the parties introducing voting rights , which they actually were against when it was voted through a long long time ago . 
  during wwi armenians were actually fighting on both sides as well . 
  60 000 on the ottoman side even . . for turkey to kill armenians because they fought for the enemy side ( when they were fighting against them as well ) would be like russians/austro-hungarians/germans killing polish , who fought in those three armies . 
  what a bad argument that would be then ; killing armenians because they fought for russia . 
  ... and in sweden it was the left-wing opposition which voted it through against the right-wing governments will . 
  the only reason it passed was because 4 individuals on the right voted against their party on this issue . 
  and it passed in congress by * one * vote . 
  i 'm sorry , i was so used to talking about swedish feminists that i was unclear , i meant in the swedish feminist debate . 
  i know that in the us for example the debate on women in the military is pretty big . 
  hehe , how fun that reinfeldt states `` i mistrust `` ism 's '' who can be used by others . '', 
  and here you are , doing just that , labeling reinfeldt as a feminist , when that 's exactly what he did n't want . 
   is this , even if indirect , a result of a long standing trend of cutting down on military spending ? 
  very possibly , i 'm against the general trend of downscaling the military spending  is this trend of cutting down military spending mostly fueled , politically , by the non-violence ideologies of the reds and opinion makers ( e.g. 
  have never heard that argument before , i 'm pretty sure even conservative carl bildt would argue you on this one . 
  russia was seen as more and more of a non-issue until recently , by military experts and intelligence from all around the world . 
  even the us intelligence was fooled , saying they were going to shift us military focus from europe & other regions to east asia & the pacific . 
  it is only logical wanting to cut down on military spending in a time of economical crisis where the old enemy seemingly was spending a lot less money on troops . 
   are those people also mostly feminists and would probably , if you ask them , also themselves relate their non-violence attitude to their feminism ? 
  probably feminists can say they are against violence due to their feminist and humanist attitudes , but that is n't relevant when you consider the fact that no feminists have any authority on military issues nor has military ever been a large issue for a feminist debate . 
  feminists usually care about women 's rights and having equal work opportunity and wages etc , not military issues . 
  the alliansen prime minister refused to call himself a feminist . . and yes , the party he was from , which also was the biggest party ( got 30 % , the other coalition members got ~ 21 % combined ) abides by conservativism and liberal conservatism . 
  not to mention that one of the other 3 parties in the coalition is the christian democrats , now let 's not start talking about how conservative they are . . 
  so more than two thirds of alliansen called themselves conservatives when they won the election 2010 . 
  for someone thinking people should n't talk negatively about others you sure seem to use negative wording a lot about feminists . 
  why do n't you start working * for men * instead of * against feminists * ? 
  reinforcement can mean anything from reinforcing the advisors or reinforcing the soldiers at the front or even the people dealing with logistics . 
  like i said i have a hard time thinking sweden may help in the ground fighting hand-to-hand when no other western country does so . 
  the commander you quoted also claims that the soldiers definitely eat a lot more than 1800 calories each day , so in his mind the soldiers are complaining even though they are eating a lot more tham 1800 calories . 
  he 's not saying that soldiers being discontent with 1800 calories of food is a luxury problem . 
  of course the soldiers should never ever feel the urge to complain about too little food , i 'm just posting this because your posts from the news articles are very biased and you try to twist things for the english readers . 
  how nice of you to only translate the negative part about feminists for the english readers here . 
  it also says `` just like i do n't want to have rasists by my side i do n't want people with me who hate women '' . 
  seems pretty rational . 
  shame that they use negative words about men sometimes instead of using positive words for themselves instead , but maybe one can understand gudrun who has been a feminist for maybe 50 + years now and she 's growing tired of social conservatives trying to limit womens rights on every turn . 
  the swedish socialist prime ministers for i do n't know how many decades have all proclaimed being feminist , but it 's not them who dismantles the armed forces the most , it was the conservatives . 
  but let 's bash feminists and especially women amirite ? 
  refused to give them that ? 
  if you read the articles on dn.se you 'll see that the military commanders said that they did n't know about this issue even until it came to the newspapers . 
  money should n't be a problem for getting just a bit more food to a few troops , so saying budget from this went to the people going to isis is silly . 
  it 's more likely a logistical issue or failure in communications , it 's not like the military will have to ask for more funding now to feed a few soldiers . 
  it says they are sending 35 soldiers to advise and educate kurdish troops and maybe they will increase this number to 120 to aid with emergency evacuations . . where does it say they will fight isis ? 
  no country is providing ground support with armed troops from the west , i have a hard time imagining sweden would be the first to do just that . 
  it is n't . 
  i have never met one of these `` feminazis '' despite knowing 15 people in the feminist party/left party . 
  but social conservative people like to circlejerk about feminazis . 
  there are some bloggers who are radical feminists who are really stupid but i do n't know any feminist i personally know who would defend this . 
  social conservatives from the sweden democrats are the biggest party on / r/sweden in the surveys . 
  in general they hate feminists because they think women are privileged and should n't be allowed to ask for more rights . 
  the troops sweden are sending to fight isis are going to be military advisors to train kurdish troops in erbil , fyi . 
  the feminist foreign policy has in no way or shape affected these soldiers rations , get real . 
  i have an acquintance working as a military consultant on the swedish deployment in mali and talking to him 4 months ago he said swedish troops probably would have to stay more months in mali than previously thought . 
  maybe the budget for food ran out and they 're running in minimum food spendings right now . 
  here 's the comparison : http://i.imgur.com/5bbgld1.png remarkably well done for drunk people, 
  sweden has a higher % of foreign born than the us and uk . . was 15 % 3 years ago , rising steadily . 
  source : scb definitely one of the highest if not the highest in west/central europe . 
  i 'm surprised denmark did n't score better due to their high population density . 
  4 regions if you count gotland . 
  is this from hostel or which movie ? 
  to be fair they ca n't really use high-tech weapons like radar etc to keep the people down . 
  small-arms on the other hand . . 
  there 's a ton of [ jewish nobility ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_jewish_nobility ) also , jews clergy are rabbis . . are you saying rabbis has n't existed until now or what do you mean ? 
  yep same in swedish media : http://www.dn.se/nyheter/varlden/de-ar-putins-soldater-pa-natet/, 
  sara firth and liz wahl quit around mid last year . 
  did i say everything was propaganda ? 
  no you just put that word in my mouth to try discredit me , because it 's bonkers to believe that everything is propaganda . 
  one large difference between the `` western '' media and russia is that media-critical outlets like mediamatters or politifact are praised , while in russia they are ridiculed . 
  also you can even see it with so many reporters on russia today quitting on air , has there been anything like that in western media ? 
  i dunno , the last thing i remember about a reporter quitting on air in the west was a female reporter in alaska quitting on air to celebrate something marijuana-related . 
  i 'm translating myself here :  the turkish embassy has in a mail tried to pressure tv4 to stop a documentary . 
  they are encouraging us to `` reconsider our decision '' to tonight send the scheduled documentary `` seyfo 1915 - the assyrian genocide '' . 
  seyfo is the assyrian 's word for the slaughter on armenians and different minorities at the time of the first world war . 
   the documentary portrays the stories of the survivors  arif g\u00fclen , press officer at the turkish embassy , writes that he to the full extent respects freedom of speech , continues with an argumentation over what should be considered a genocide and finishes with the encouragement [ to cancel the showing / editors note ]  `` i hope you will review the subject once more and reconsider your decision on broadcasting of the above-mentioned documentary film with a balanced and sensible attitute . '', 
  this is the first half of the statement by tv4 . 
  the second half is about internal party politics and scandals recently in sweden regarding turkish connections . 
  morgan johansson , the swedish immigration minister said this last year `` there is a limit , and it has been reached '' , and you say that `` there are no limits according to our politicians '' , when the immigration minister himself has said that there is . 
  so you are clearly wrong . 
  source ( in swedish ) : http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/samhalle/article21710373.ab, 
  false , considering how several ministers has commented the opposite . 
  fun to see that the polish far-right is well and alive on reddit, 
  i do apologize for exposing the views of this holocaust denier . 
  all i 'm saying that this guy is n't some sort of crusader for lgbt rights , he 's using the lgbt community to try pin the left against immigrants . 
  wow , you really think i 'd call him a homophobe for hosting a gay pride rally . . 
  what ? 
  it was n't blocked by immigrants ? 
  that 's exactly what i said earlier , there was not a single disturbance . 
  far away there was a counter demonstration organized by left people against racism . 
  dunno what you 're smoking , i consider them human . 
  it 's because he 's a homophobic holocaust denier who has a `` pride parade '' just to try stir up tensions between groups of society that is n't there . 
  that 's why he got criticism from the apolitical rfsl group for homosexuals , bisexuals , transgender and queer . 
  i 'm not sure where you think i condoned violence or anything the sort , which it sounds like . 
  you clearly missed the point ... 
  he 's intolerant on other issues than that . 
  i remember when there were protests in roseng\u00e5rd and a lot of it was sparked because right-wing people came there to protest , and people from the neighbourhood started getting agitated by them . 
  and then the right-wing use the media to say `` the immigrants are rioting '' when it 's they who caused it by going in to their neighbourhood making them feel unsafe . 
  ah yes , the swede that led the 60 minutes crew , mr sjunnesson , takes every chance he can get to stir up hatred against immigrants . 
  he goes out of his way to create situations where there will be clashes , instead of laying back and pointing out existing ones . 
  not to mention he does n't believe the holocaust ever happened . . crazy guy . 
  he organized a `` pride-parade '' to march through an immigrant neighbourhood . 
  this was criticized by the swedish national lgbt group rfsl , among others , who said that `` this was a way to increase tensions between groups within society and this was a political trick '' . 
  also , not a single disturbance was reported during or after the parade , after having marched through a neighbourhood similar as the one in the video above .
