   the classification in that arcticle is very strange to say the least . 
  yet it 's still a classification , you are just guessing . 
   at least its not [ western ] propaganda . 
  neither is reuters . 
  and rt is russian propaganda . 
  seriously , how can you be that unintelligent ? 
   by the same as rt is . 
  no , definitely not the same , because rt is the government-controlled channel of an undemocratic country without free speech , while reuters is an independent news source in a democratic country with free speech . 
   ijust want the recording to hear the man himself say it great , then search it for me !, 
  so far i have come up with a respected news source , you have not . 
   because the un isnt there to questions a countries goverment . 
  it should be . 
   and sometimes people chose to have dictators , not often but it happens . 
  when ? 
   such is the nature of the un . 
  if we did n't alowe it , un would have no real power and we are back at the legue of nations . 
  we could have the same powers ...  interesting that this is the part you atack . 
  but non the les , it still peoples free speach/expression to use it . 
  also the people 's free speech to ban its use . 
   but in a democratic political country you should be free whatever you want . 
  is n't that freedom of speach ? 
  not offensive direct lies . 
   not answering my question . 
  where is the line when we stop limiting free speach ? 
  wheredo we start ? 
  how can we define that universaly ? 
  we can start with personal life . 
  that is not a subject of public affairs until the person has made it public . 
   speach to be banned ? 
  how is that fredom of speach ? 
  mocking someone 's personal life is now `` speech '' ? 
   how far out is your personal space ? 
  as long as you do n't do anything criminal , your personal life should n't be a subject of public affairs . 
   in slovenia they can veto laws and return them to parlament . 
  thats some power . 
  i 'm sure the lower house can veto that veto one way or another . 
  of course . 
   but isnt that undemocratic ? 
  no , many officials are appointed by the parliament . 
   slovanias pressident is only ceramonial but elected . 
  good for you . 
  i do n't support that for my country . 
   any interited state office is undemocratic by deffinition . 
  no it is not as it is appointed by a democratic assembly . 
   not to mantion that the crown of england does have quite a lot of power . 
  no it does not . 
   for example in a office of the goverment is not elected but heredetary , is that democratic ( noth korea claims it is ) . 
  the british monarch is not a member of the government . 
   with this answer you just called a whole bunch of western countries like australia , canada , uk , netherlands , denmark , spain ... undemocratic . 
  no , i quite definitely did not . 
  what happened is that you oversimplified things and thought that you won an argument here ...  do you now see why we cant define a modern democratic state universaly with some arbitrary factors ? 
  definitely not with arbitrary factors ... 
  latvians could n't finish that sentence before they hit a pothole !, 
   i do n't care . 
  you confirmed my claim . 
  is that really the level of conversation you are willing to drop to ? 
   show me the constitution did you not hear me ? 
  there is no * the * constitution for the uk . 
  i have never argued there is . 
  the uk however does have a constitution , it is in the form of uncodified acts . 
   uk has no constitution you can show me click the links in the link i sent you . 
   go bow hitler you grammer nazi honestly i just did n't understand your sentence , mostly because of the `` frew '' word . 
   show me the rt article did you actually refer to rt as the `` most respected news source in the world '' ?? 
   no my argument is that you gave me propaganda peces and i want a recording . 
  reuters is propaganda now ? 
  by what standard ? 
  why are you such a putinoid ?? 
   we always lived here do they really do that ? 
  i mean , historians are pretty certain that the southern slavs came to that area far later . 
   we are the direct continuation perhaps they are ? 
  i did n't look it up , but was there some other ethnic group there between the ancient macedonians and the modern macedonians ? 
   still , if i take what you said literally , they should claim the name paeonia or dardania or even roman empire and ottoman empire and start building new statues accordingly . 
  why ? 
  it is n't used internationally . 
  internationally this region is macedonia , whether part of greece or the republic of macedonia . 
   and start building new statues accordingly i 'm pretty sure many nations have built statues for ancient people like that . 
   because that far north from the aegean there was never a macedonian country . 
  [ guess again ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia#/media/file:macedonia_region_map_wikipedia.png ), 
   actually you have more accidents with pedestrians in cities that might indeed be true . 
  what do you mean claim ? 
   no , because you are claiming he said so . 
  prove he did . 
  i did , with the most respected news source in the world . 
  you argued against it , it is now your positive claim . 
   otherwhise i will mantain he did n't without any proof . 
  i gave you one , you gave me nothing . 
  what is here not to get ? 
  why are you such a putinoid ? 
   its entirely possible . 
  one time they alost started a nuclear war because they misplaced a notification of a artic misile test . 
  dude , you are just rambling by now . 
   thank you for confirming my claim . 
  did you just avoid reading the other two lines ? 
   uk has no constitution . 
  please do n't argue with more intelligent people . 
   exactly my point . 
  what is ? 
   it apears that you have frew our conversation confirmed my asertion . 
  look abowe . 
  apears ?
