  yes . 
  we can into nordic , but let 's keep changing the flag and re-adopting religion aside , 
  known here as the day when russians have an excuse to glorify a former occupation regime . 
  i did . 
  for a few hours . 
  but by then we had already seen everything so we left . 
  i am suggesting that the claim `` enthusiasm of estonians '' in doing that is just pure brainwash . 
  so that was the reason the ussr invaded them before all that ? 
  yeah , people , who actually know about their local history . 
  but instead we have people only knowing the general picture and applying it to every specific scenario . 
  i get that , but it would still be unfair to justify `` national socialists in general '' if there had been a peaceful nazi party in some far away country . 
  please do n't be such a person . 
  saying lies like that only hurts the ones , who were actually put under another occupation after the war . 
  which is why the situation is called `` hell '' in estonian . 
  it was a fucked up scenario as they did n't want to fight for either side , but were forced to on gunpoint . 
   they were ss soldiers , so i guess they were not communists or anti-fascists first and foremost they were anti-communists . 
  they were n't really fascists and i 'm sure most of them had anti-fascist sentiments because many of them had been forcibly mobilized and their country occupied by the nazis as well . 
  to talk about similar sounds . 
  the estonian ss were n't pro-hitler , as characterized by their version of * heil hitler * - * ei \u00fctle * , which sounded similar , but meant `` wo n't say '' . 
  there 's the key difference . 
  it 's not ok to praise the nazis , but somehow it 's ok to praise the ussr . 
  understandable , but these men had no other choice than to be there . 
  and vigilante justice is not justice , it 's a war crime . 
   it get a bit weird with baltics regarding wwii topics . 
  they seem to be glorifying their nazi past sometimes . 
  that is just a huge misunderstanding . 
  supporting the estonian ss = / = supporting nazis . 
  it was a complicated piece of history and you should take for granted if we say that in no way we support the nazi regime . 
  but the estonian ss were mostly our loving countrymen , who wanted to fight against the murderous regime that destroyed their nation and deported their families to siberia . 
  and we are sort of on the opposite opinion . 
  everybody knows that the nazis were horrible , but still a lot of people justify the soviets , which is as painful for us as people defending nazism might be for the jews . 
  i 'm not sure what you meant with this one , sorry . 
   estonian jews are rolling in their graves . 
  i am not justifying the murder of estonian jews any more than i am justifying the murder of estonians ( including jews ) killed by the soviets . 
  both murdered our countrymen - the soviets did it first and in greater numbers , that 's why our sentiments were like that . 
   well , it is all known now , so we can be a little bit more objective . 
  but you for some reason clearly are not . 
  yet i am viewing thins from the * objective perspective * of what was the * subjective perspective * . 
  also one thing is `` what would have happened '' with a nazi win and another `` what did happen '' with a soviet win . 
  yeah , we should have supported the soviets instead of a new power after the soviets had wiped out several percentages of our elite ? 
  implicitly claiming generalplan ost was public knowledge during the war is insanity . 
  shame on you . 
   the soviet ideology was about helping improve the world for everyone you are a true victim of soviet/russian propaganda . 
   the ussr was defending itself from fascist aggression for pretty much its entire existence yeah , by invading my country before the nazis ?? 
   and they do n't even compare with the nazis anyway . 
  but in * this country * the committed worse atrocities than the nazis . 
  do n't you think our ancestors who knew nothing of the german atrocities in europe , could have had a different perspective than our comfortable modern one ? 
   and yet we still have people defending their collaboration today . 
  i do n't think we 've had any in this thread though . 
  excusing soldiers , who fought on the german side = / = excusing the holocaust or their collaborators . 
  and generalplan ost was n't public knowledge . 
  what the heck are * you * talking about ? 
  indeed , some of the auxiliary police undeniably did . 
  my great-grandfather was in this police force , but as far as i know , his unit was not involved ( being far away from both camps and the front that is ) . 
  of course all members of that force were deported to siberia and very few returned . 
   so they were almost certainly war criminals among the estonian ss troops indeed , but the estonian ss itself was n't , which was both my point and the stance taken by the allied high council . 
  of course there were war criminals among them and they were n't exculpated with that decision either . 
  western sahara , south sudan , greenland , and french guiana all have data . 
  except russians were a totalitarian dictatorship that fought for land grabs , while the us was a democracy that helped to defend other democracies or non-communist regimes . 
  yeah , very similar . 
  singling them out only shows a very limited knowledge of the war and international law as it 's just something that sounds more horrible than a world war in general , while it really is n't . 
   the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki being a war crime because it 's not . 
  nuclear weapons are * just weapons * and their usage * did work * . 
  yeah , the nazis also * did * liberate the baltics in the sense that they * did not * carry out such atrocities against the locals like the soviets * actually did * . 
  invading third countries was also part of the delaying measures ? 
  shame that ze germans kept this plan a secret and did not carry out such atrocities against estonians , latvians , and lithuanians , leading them to consider ze germans better than ze soviets , who actually had committed such atrocities . 
   incidentally , hitler believed estonians to be racially superior to the other baltic people . 
  likely in part due to the enthusiasm with which estonians exterminated their jewish population . 
  you are a fine example of such russian propaganda . 
  that 's the weirdest part though - from my experience with talking to russians , they have given very different accounts on this . 
  it seems that what was taught could have differed like night and day and really depended on the school . 
  you do remember that the ussr invaded romania before that happened , right ? 
  we can get away from religion !, 
  neither does crying over dead soviets . 
  we are talking about the knowledge available in 1944 . 
  estonians were not oracles , they did not know of secret nazi plans , they did not know whether they would survive the soviet occupation and they did not know how long it would last . 
  all they knew was their immediate history and they knew that the soviets had repressed them more than the nazis . 
  what is so difficult for you to grasp here ? 
  what if i told you that the prolongation of the front meant that more people could flee from the soviets . 
  and you fail to understand that our nation did n't want to be sacrificed for the `` greater good '' ( whatever it was , considering the soviets got a hold of half of europe ) . 
   that 's unacceptable , especially so when you 're dealing with an objective evil like the nazis . 
  the soviets were an objective evil as well - you just do n't see that because they did n't do that much harm to your nation . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  i claim that both were murderous and evil regimes , while you are protecting one over the other . 
   soviet ideology explicitly sought to improve the world for everyone much like the eu is struggling to do today what a sick and brainwashed statement !, 
   based on their flawed theories like nationalism nationalism was n't , nor is n't a nazi ideology . 
  they were far , far beyond that . 
  not all nationalism hurts other nations - nationalism in many smaller states has kept these states alive and is the main reason they are independent today . 
  i really , really suggest you not to generalize so unintelligently . 
   even if they benefited your group for a while , there is no excuse for aiding and abetting that . 
  yet there 's ** every excuse ** to fight against the most horrible regime your country has ever faced - which in our case were the soviets . 
  a soviet victory resulted in the continuation of soviet repressions . 
  there were n't that many anti-estonian repressions done by the germans . 
  we may argue over what would have happened with generalplan ost , but that 's just * would * . 
  what actually happened was that during the german occupation there were n't nearly as many repressions as there were during the soviet occupation . 
  do n't get me wrong - estonians were more strongly against the germans than the russians up until the soviet occupation . 
  but one year of soviet occupation replaced the anti-german sentiments that had existed for seven centuries ... wonder why that was ? 
   you are fucking delusional . 
  estonians in the german army did not fight against the `` murderous soviets '' . 
  and you are already portraying that you are delusional .
