  it ` ss nots thats difficults . 
   but low on happiness levels . 
  you try going to school in the dark and coming from school in the dark !, 
   so ... the most important factor for a society ? 
  for a small country - the primary goals of these universities is to offer quality education and provide scientific research for and by their people in their native language . 
  international courses and research quantity is not the primary concern . 
   at least we are higher than lithuania it 's that former lutheran upbringing !, 
  since we 're finest , we could rename our capital hellinn and be done with it !, 
  some of the best teachers in estonia a couple of years ago stated that school study and evaluation is designed for girls . 
  boys are in general far more creative and curious , but standardized tests and monotone lessons are not for them - that 's why girls achieve better grades in our current systems . 
  it is interesting that estonia and finland share their national anthem tunes , but both have an important unofficial anthem as well . 
  for finland it is * finlandia * , for estonia it is [ * mu isamaa on minu arm * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oneqrawdlv4 ) . 
  no , it 's you who defines constitution as `` that one single act '' . 
  finland is by no means scandinavian . 
  what drives me crazy is that iceland and the faroe islands are n't considered scandinavian . 
  i 've heard that the estonian system is the most similar one to german system . 
  in the 1990s many laws were basically just copy-paste versions of german law . 
  every country has a constitution - the uk just does n't have one single `` the constitution '' . 
  was the rwandan genocide not horrible because the holocaust had more victims ? 
  if sweden changed its tax policy , then it would n't be nordic anymore ?? 
  please understand the socio-economic differences directly resulted by the soviet occupation ... 
   stupid and reckless as ref was til, 
  of course there should be na\u00e4ato troops here !, 
  shit how ignorant can some people be ... 
  perhaps they think there will not be a full scale reaction from nato . 
  is it really so difficult to grasp ? 
  that 's ... not how evolution works ... 
  leftism is more or less nonexistent among ethnic estonians . 
  estonia saw a good joke on finnish television . 
  she wrote a letter about it to her cousin in the south , who could n't watch it . 
  they both had a laugh . 
  one of them was even a tutor and quite popular . 
  a huge percentage of `` estonian criminals '' also tend to have names more common to our east ... 
  oh do n't we two know about that ... 
  if you do n't speak it as a native language , it 's a foreign language ... 
  oh come on . 
  a regular person still has one native language regardless of how many have an official status in the state . 
  your argument is rather absurd . 
  dude . . 
  wow . 
  looked up tallinn - estonian trains are 5x slower on that map than in reality ... 
  it 's weird because the roma here are very small in numbers and are therefore rather well integrated . 
  my mom has told me stories of how they used to live in tents on the roadsides up until the 70s , but my only experience with estonian roma is with two girls on my course in university . 
  there are the occasional roma beggars and scam `` artists '' in tartu , but most of them seem to be from abroad . 
  how very progressive !, 
  epically slow speeds ? 
  the reference was about latvia . 
  the talk page is long , perhaps you are more specific ? 
   rt is as much propaganda as the guardian and roiters are . 
  please get the simple context that russia is a dictatorship , its media is state-controlled and its media is not free . 
  this is not so in the west . 
   and i have alredy demonstrated this is more conplicated than some estonian liberal calling a country undemocratic . 
  it is not complicated . 
  no respected international organization dealing with democracy labels russia as democratic . 
  and none claims it has free media . 
   no you said he said that . 
  prove it or gtfo i proved it with the reuters article thank you very much . 
  if you are incapable of giving at least one source ( like i did ) to support your claim , then perhaps you should use that acronym on yourself !, 
   send me the recording and i 'll believe you . 
  ( original russian i do no exept dub owers ) in principle i will not send it to you , i will not look for that as i want you to understand the basics of a fair argument . 
  so far you do not get such concepts . 
   just google about what they build in skopje right now . 
  how is a statue relevant to this discussion ? 
   you said it yourself . 
  slavs came to that area far later . 
  far later , but you did n't answer my question . 
   well , in the land that today is fyrom macedonia . 
   there was never before a country with the name macedonia . 
   even the ancient kingdom of macedon never expanded that far north . 
  and only included a tiny fraction of what today is fyrom . 
   in this land lived the paeonians and the dardanians , two balkan tribes usually in war with macedon . 
   during the ottoman empire the name macedonia was not officialy used until very late in the 19th and 20th centuries . 
   they simply should not teach a single thing about ancient macedon you mean the ancient macedonians had no history with this region ? 
  i do not know exactly what they teach , but you claim to know so you should provide some links here . 
   let alone claim the name perhaps they are named after the region that includes the area ? 
   and the heritage do they ? 
   and build their propaganda accordingly . 
   see my answer above . 
  this is the late ottoman version or macedonia and the modern borders . 
  you mean the current international understanding ? 
   still , since ancient times and until the 90s there was no country named macedonia . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was a macedonia within yugoslavia . 
  well , in defense of that [ bogus ] theory , mongoloid features can appear far later on a population due to conquests . 
   i mean that 's what we finns look like , definitely !, 
  member [ this ] ( http://2static3.fjcdn.com/comments/fingolians+descendants+of+benis+khan+d+_a5f734153dfefec780e5ffcf751ef7f5.jpg ) ? 
   i asked you a question you answered . 
  no , you took 1/3 of my answer and declared victory . 
  that is idiotic !, 
   a famous greed man did the same you know . 
  what ? 
   again we agree . 
  we agreed on this in the beginning of the conversation ...  not in line with your previous statement . 
  you are not good with grammar . .  i did , wans ' t satisfied your problem . 
  these are literally all the constitutional acts the state has . 
   again with the grammer nazi stuf no , really , what was the word `` frew '' supposed to mean ? 
  i just do n't understand what you mean by this word . 
   in modern times `` greek '' is the term used by most non greeks , while hellenic is used in greece . 
  i am aware of that , but whatever way you call it , ancient macedonian is still considered to be a related language , but not a greek language . 
  it 's like finns can claim that estonian language is finnic , but it is not finnish . 
   that was most probably a greek dialect that page claimed the opposite .
