  newer : [ kakum\u00e4e ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/@59.4339092,24.616467,3a,60y,51.54h,90.91t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sg9cj0y9nf3ieviy7zzgp_q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , [ p\u00e4rnam\u00e4e ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/@59.5073946,24.8556405,3a,60y,274.95h,78.12t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sbarsyuuyznnlwfs9verszq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  we do a lot of serfdom jokes and all that , but calling us `` livonian '' is just plain wrong and does n't sound particularly funny ,, 
   so , exactly like kosovo was albanised ? 
  not exactly through a crime against international law . 
  oh shit , i ca n't believe we are lagging behind greece ... 
  does greece get our seat in the mean time ? 
  then stop defending russia here . 
  he is not more paranoid than any other prime minister we 've had for the last 25 years . 
  hopefully not , as the uk , central-eastern europe and lately even germany have understood that necessity of bringing troops here and not letting the us do everything for nato . 
  i support hillary because he has a clearer stance on russia . 
  politically , i would support bernie more , but he has a bigger chance of losing to trump i believe . 
  were eastern front refugees religious radicals ? 
  mostly estonian though and only the father was of baltic german and dutch descent . 
  before coming to estonia , they were estonians living in russia , in the vicinity of estonia . 
   then perhaps both nations should start reading a little more , eh ? 
  oh , boy , you dear russophile ... 
  lol , fine with me . 
  just what is the test about ? 
  personally as the president of russia . 
  that condemnation existed vaguely in some document , but has n't reached the public much . 
  many russians think russia did n't occupy the three states . 
  perhaps tuva should not have russian presence ( to that scale ) in the first place ? 
  are you for real ???? 
  the russians are not indigenous people here , they were brought here as a tool of russification after as a crime against international law !, 
  the basque and the catalans are indigenous peoples , so get your shit together and get the difference !, 
  should probably make a nazi joke just to sound just as ridiculous . 
   because our topic was about russians ? 
  but you brought up us not defending ourselves against foreign invaders ...  teutonic/livonian territory * , not yours . 
  absolutely idiotic understanding . 
  the people suffering there were still estonians . 
   russia did not exist till 1547 by that time you were already a battle field between major powers of the region ( e.g. 
  poland-lithuania ) . 
   yes we are . 
  we have been adversary with russia since mid 14 century . 
  make up your mind . 
   no , you 're just butt hurt for not seeing estonia above all . 
  the only butthurt guy here is you , i did n't claim anything against lithuania , it 's you , who is claiming that lithuania has a `` special bond '' with russia , while it 's true for almost all russian western neighbors ... 
  in all honesty , i do n't think you can :d, 
   and you 're applying it arbitrarily . 
  no i am not . 
   are ossetians native to south-ossetia considering they 've been there since the 17th century . 
   are turkish cypriots native to cyprus considering they 've been present from the 16th ? 
   are albanians really native to kosovo since they only became the majority during the late ottoman period and tito for example actively worked to weaken the serb share of kosovo 's population . 
  all dubious  how does this concept of being indigenous apply to an area where both states/groups in contention are relatively new ? 
  modern-day southern ukraine , crimea still majority ukrainian/crimean tatar until quite recently . 
  russians are not indigenous . 
   kuban more complex . 
   which kosovo arguably is is it though ? 
  how much is its government influenced by the west then , in comparison to south ossetia/abkhazia/transnistria . 
   and that 's the point . 
  these are fundamentally subjective criteria which only fit your worldview so neatly because you 're heavily invested in an anti-russian pov and find it easy to dismiss their ( and their allies ' ) actions as imperialistic while excusing the actions of ` our ' side because we 're so obviously better than that . 
  i do n't hide being against russia at all fronts , yet it does n't make every western action correct either . 
  nor does it mean every russian action is illegal ( like sending forces to syria , which is legal according to international law , albeit a dick move ) . 
  except nobody uses it in an ethnic context . 
  livonians = livs , an almost died out finnic ethnic group in latvia . 
  but did it collapse ? 
  or did the countries gradually devolve from it ? 
  i would n't name that a collapse in that sense . 
   not rather than actual principles or international law . 
  no , international law matters a lot . 
  every ** indigenous ** ethnic group has a right to self determination , however this can not be done in undemocratic means , by repressing the minorities/majorities or for imperialist gains of a foreign state . 
  indeed , but this was german anthem before nazi takeover , unlike the soviet anthem . 
  you are right , i was misinformed by someone . 
  in the long run , i am not against them having the territory , but not as an undemocratic russian puppet state , which steals territory from georgia square km by square km and forces georgians out of their territory . 
  you do know that ossetians moved to georgia quite recently and that abkhazians forced out all the georgians and before it was a very mixed region , right ? 
  or that in ukraine the russians are not indigenous people for donbass nor crimea and that the separation was absolutely illegal and orchestrated by russia ? 
  or that in moldova the transnistria region is a russian supported dictatorship ? 
  not much remorse for azerbaijan though . 
  perhaps they wo n't learn , but ambiguous bystanders may learn the truth . 
  russia has truly found a useful idiot in europe ... 
  yeah , spaniards are imperialistic as well , denying other ethnic groups their right of self determination and shit . 
   livonian you germans need more than a millennium to learn ethnic groups in your vicinity ? 
  i think it 's right where it 's supposed to be . 
  that 's deep and intelligent stuff , man . 
  the uk itself decolonized itself , while the soviet union had to collapse for that . 
  also , the number of atrocities during the time when international law had banned it , was much greater in the soviet union . 
  is n't iceland where it should be ? 
   peasants vs knights , what a great conflict please read up on it , it lasted from 1208 to 1227 . 
  it was a major campaign . 
   still does n't involve russia vs latvians , estonians . 
  why does it have to again ? 
   i do n't know how russia could have been your enemy when they were n't the ones that occupied you at that time , your occupants waged wars to russians not you . 
  russians had been raiding our territories for centuries , that 's why . 
  and they continued to do that throughout the middle ages until they finally conquered the territory . 
   against germans , not russians . 
  no , the land militias were against russians . 
   you really need a chill pill , your mental stability is getting over the sky , just to show how much you hate russians , you 're the one nationalistic here sadly . 
  you actually claim that lithuanians are some kind of special people with a much longer history of warfare against russians ... that lack of education is bothering me so much on you . 
  why the hell not ? 
  well , `` of course '' is a bit of an overstatement as they are not an independent country . 
  weirdly , they are not even shown on this map , 
   unlike your nation we stood our ground and fought back foreign invaders again , [ are you for real ?? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/livonian_crusade#wars_against_estonians_.281208.e2.80.931227.29 )  your enemy was germans at that time not russians of course , every nation can only have one enemy . 
   teutonic/livonian order was the one that fought against russians not latvians or estonians . 
  and they organized land militias of estonians and latvians as well and the locals still perished in those conflicts . 
  seriously , how fucked up nationalistic the lithuanian history education can be ? 
  what 's the % in children being born ? 
  estonia slowly can rock itself into nordic !, 
  500 , what country do you have in mind ? 
  absolutely irrelevant to the issue .
