  well , no , i have n't encountered that . 
  we do call them the `` british isles '' ( * briti saared * ) , although i know you guys hate that . 
  i can see why you hate that , but ca n't see the logic behind directly linking it with british rule or english imperialism or whatnot . 
  estonian has [ loads of ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/estonian_vocabulary.png ) germanic loan words . 
  which part of my comment is incorrect ? 
  i would n't say i 'm afraid . 
  and which part of my comment was incorrect ? 
  no , we are the good guys because we have n't invaded them countless of times in history , we do n't deny our past crimes ( not that there are many ) , do n't glorify them , are n't invading neighboring countries , do n't organize hostile war games , do n't breach international borders and live in a democratic state . 
  i 'm sure i 'll get it tomorrow . 
  forced on by whom ? 
  media attention is what raises attention , which in turn makes countries and officials react . 
  what fearmongering ? 
  well , i think children 's shows are often dubbed in all countries and granny shows sort of go under the same category :d, 
  what if the lands have been taken illegally ? 
  ( not in this case of course ), 
  well , about 8 % of the country did that in 1944 . . 
   could people from the baltic expand on this ? 
  how the heck would that help ? 
  and estonia is a suburb of st petersburg . 
  nato is a military defense alliance of democratic states . 
  russia is a hostile imperialistic dictatorship . 
  yeah you are n't really thinking like russia is thinking ... 
  [ that 's why ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_brothers ) . 
  we only use `` united kingdom '' ( * \u00dchendkuningriik * ) in some diplomatic speech , for the sovereign state we usually say `` great britain '' ( * suurbritannia * ) although it leaves out northern ireland . 
  saying `` england '' ( * inglismaa * ) for the entire sovereign state is not unheard of either . 
  soap operas are still dubbed in estonia . 
  how else could those grannies keep knitting while they watch them ? 
  i thought they were all moderate doctors and engineers . 
  but what do i know , we have different immigrants . . 
   i certainly heard about estonians being special in a way oh i 'm sure your kremlin propaganda will say a lot of things ...  direct threats are usually made in direct and preferrably comprehensible fashion no , direct threats in diplomacy are made exactly like this . 
   like this : `` death to amerika ! '', 
  no , this is just some terrorist bantering . 
   when someone says that they have nuclear weapons and are the only country capable of bringing about total annihilation of a potential foe , that 's not a threat . 
  lol . 
   ` counter ' - threat is still a threat of using nuclear weapons , you idiot . 
  it 's not a threat in that sense . 
  claiming you stab someone is a threat , claiming that you will stab back if you are stabbed is not a threat in that sense . 
   we constantly hear how the military budget of nato is so overwhelmingly large compared to that of russia , that russia wo n't stand chance . 
  is that too a threat ? 
  it would be if nato used this in an aggressive manner , but it 's used only to counter any possible russian aggression . 
  and you 're denying the truth . 
  what was said in my source is a direct threat . 
  what the us has said about mad is a counter-threat should russia actually launch some . 
  what do other european countries have then ? 
  but if you want sources , then how about [ this one ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/ukraine-crisis-russia-kiselyov-idusl6n0md0p920140316 ) ? 
  russia is not antagonizing the western world now ? 
  how brainwashed can you be ? 
  end with a stupid argument and then say that it 's over ? 
   hey you said no organisation . 
  i found you this one of the top oc my head a serious organization would be a self explanatory requirement . 
   not true it is absolutely true , look at the dates of the invasion of the referendum . 
   most of this sub will disagree with you no , it wo n't ...  the same way i find the english languahe repulsive finding a language repulsive and not wanting to speak a language for political reasons are two very different things . 
   serbia was cleard of all charges in international court , as was milo\u0161evi\u0107 , post humno god rest his heroic soul oh my f. god ... 
  sure , lets be bullied and played by those , who have a nuclear weapon out of fear ... 
  if the constitution limits someone 's right to self determination , then of course . 
  yeah it 's absolutely not popular in modern estonia . 
   the spociety of those who love analog ( dru\u0161tvo ljubiteljev analognega ) which is an international nondovermental organisation consideres hungary a non democratic state . 
  any serious international organizations ? 
   what foreighn ocupation ? 
  russia occupied crimea , only then was the referendum staged . 
   its also xenofobic to exit the eu , but the english did so . 
  it 's stupid , but it 's definitely not xenophobic . 
   it also xenofobic to not like russians , but you do so blatantly . 
  not if you have good and well-explained reasons to do so and only do that in a specific context . 
   did the us led nato not bomb serbia ilegali ? 
  illegal , yet fully justified !, 
  claim all you want , it 's your problem if you lack basic argumentation skills . 
  not very relevant to the conversation . 
  sure you 're not . . 
   and have long summer vacations you think i read every sentence you post ? 
  how very arrogant . 
  report back when these countries have forests :d, 
  we have long holidays however . 
   i do n't know where this `` no homework '' thing started ... 
  probably from the same place that claimed that you can have free wifi in every estonian forest . 
   you are asking for a lot and not offering much in return it seems . 
  what the heck should we give in return ? 
  we have n't invaded them , nor committed crimes on them . 
   you do understand that without that red army , estonia would be a part of the third reich right you do understand that the ussr was worse for estonia than nazi germany , right ? 
   i mean the millions of russians who fought back the germans and gave up everything to beat back the third reich ( because you brought wwll earlier ) . 
  what about the russians , who invaded estonia before nazi germany ? 
   i mean you are not complaining about the us bragging about the wars depends which wars . 
  i do n't think they are much bragging about the iraq war for example . 
   or about syria , iraq , afghanistan etc , the fact that you group so different conflicts together only portrays your lack of knowledge on the subject . 
   so do you reserve all your hate for the russians i do n't hate russians , i hate the russian dictatorship . 
  not only russian , i hate dictatorships in general . 
   or are you hating on them because you feel inadequate oh boy ... 
   just ac much ar russia . 
  get a grip , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  no international organization considers hungary not to be a democracy , while russia is not considered to be a democracy by almost anyone . 
   erm no . 
  the goverment of the authonomous republic of crimea conducted the referendum under foreign occupation ... jesus f. christ . 
   the same congres that later backed fascists in south america . 
  lol  why ? 
  that is xenophobic . 
   invasions , suporting fascists , usa and its crimes ect oh boy , that lack of knowledge about recent history , international relations and international law ... 
  in 1992 , estonians voted a whole frivolous political party to parliament , the estonian royalist party that offered the position of king of estonia to prince andrew i think . 
   sure they do . 
  yes . 
   exactly , the same way as hungary .
