  thank you , very interesting !, 
  it [ does n't mean that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_independence ) , there are also one fifth of indifferent opinions . 
   a majority of wales voted to leave do you know some approximate estimations of eu referendum voting preferences and independence support for welsh-speaking people ? 
  so are we however this is just a name for a broader battle group i presume, 
  this is the nordic council , not the nordic countries in general . 
  no one in estonia claims we are a member of the nordic council . 
   although we have n't tried it , not even when russia was part of the ussr . 
  well , obviously it 's usually bigger v. smaller nation issue :d and you do `` try '' it as it is the form of your country right now and in the same time you force your will onto other nations both within and out of your country ...  it was not well-organized , but even if it had been , the outcome would 've been the same . 
  it was an imperialistic scam , quite similar to what one could see in the baltic states in 1940 . 
   independence movements and revolutions are practically always illegal , but their results and causes are facts on the ground . 
  well that indeed , however i 'm sure had there been no october revolution , then estonians would have opted for the democratic way out . 
   that 's what ukraine insists it should 've been , to `` let go '' . 
  because these people are not indigenous and do n't have that right . 
  especially if they claim they were doing something democratically ... you goes for russia of course , not you personally :d  the indigenous status of the crimean tatars can be disputed , but it is irrelevant . 
  but can it though , when did they come to crimea then ? 
  do you know what the word `` international '' means ? 
  most probably , yes . 
  just that i 'm from huge russian majority districts for all my life , so i 've never gotten used to them and have quite strong opinions on the subject . 
   no major outlets reported becasue it was a cover up well , to say quite like that is a bit of an overstatement as unreliable sources have been claiming events like that for a long time now and they quite often turn out to be complete lies . 
  exactly . 
  oh never mind , but i could sure have a til about nascar !, 
  no , i mean for the events in cologne . 
  i was not very active in this sub back then . 
  should have put / s as well , 
  of course not . 
  and it 's only perceived as a racial issue because people of a certain race mostly live in a certain geographical area and have the same culture ... 
  that 's what is happening throughout europe . 
  mainstream parties fail to see the problem and change their immigration policies , but these are often existential issues so people choose to vote for far-right or right-wing populist parties , whom most of them would n't otherwise agree with . 
  did they ? 
  yes . 
  because criminal status is the only thing that makes people do drugs . 
  if you criminalize tobacco or alcohol then you will have the opposite effect so that must prove it 's true . 
   workforce will be cheaper in this case , i assume . 
  lol , at least for half way :p, 
  wonder what 's tallink 's take on this . 
  i mean , should they already decide that it will be built , i can imagine tallink would want to invest in it in order not to lose its market share . 
  if you claim tallinn is madness , just spell it correctly the next time to have more credit . 
  especially after seeing the effects legalizing has had in the us . 
   its mostly the young people who either have mortgages and who have it though . 
  it 's also the young people , who are more willing to revolt against the dictator if things turn sour and his promises finally turn out to be empty . 
  lol , so if russia organizes a famine to kill the locals and deports the rest and replaces them with their own people , then they have the right to claim the right to self determination ? 
  yeah , sorry kid , that 's not a plausible solution . 
  and do n't start to lie about the crimean referendum being democratic . 
  russian empire was not democratic either ... and estonians on a large scale supported democratic-minded political parties , so you argument here is bogus . 
  and your argument is even insulting - the vote should n't be to `` let go '' , but to `` go '' . 
  the rightful indigenous people - the crimean tatars opposed independence and annexation to russia . 
  you helped crimea because you are an imperialistic dictatorship , just recognize it and we can finish this charade . 
  no because : - russians are not indigenous to the region ; - it was done undemocratically ; - it was done with russia 's orchestration . 
   at this point . 
  you finally got it . 
  perhaps you should call them with your ulterior knowledge and tell them that they can quit their ** cost analysis ** as it 's unnecessary . 
   unfortunately ... 
  it 's unfortunate we do n't have other tunnels to compare the construction , financing and maintenance to and have to do it all on our own . 
  ^ and ^ make ^ the ^ same ^ mistakes ^ others ^ did ... 
  channel tunnel was built already two decades ago . 
  construction is a lot cheaper by now and especially in near future thanks to new technologies . 
  and it would n't only be for investors , it would also be beneficial for the two governments to boost trade and connect tallinn and helsinki . 
  are you relatively sure about those savings ? 
  what 's the use for them after the ruble has dropped . 
  a mix of course , but with a high number of illegally mobilized estonian men . 
  i would n't speak in such absolute terms . 
  it may as well . 
  i mean , at least it 's not `` impossible in our lifetime '' because estonian and finnish leaders are actively considering it . 
  they are currently analyzing the costs , though of course they have n't decided whether they 'll do it or not . 
  difficult because these were soviet losses , which were held a secret and which the west barely cared about . 
  by the way , a lot of them were estonian illegally mobilized men . 
  yeah , it 's called the `` russian/soviet dunkirk '' and is considered to be one of the most deadly naval battles in history . 
  i found some passages to read [ here ] ( http://gallimafry.blogspot.com.ee/2013/02/12000-of-them-to-memory-of-drowned-1941.html ) . 
  lol , good one . 
  only about things that are shit , like the dictatorship , corruption , crime , history and imperialist stigmas . 
  yeah , there are very few estonians ( especially in northern estonia ) , who have n't been to finland . 
   kys deep stuff . 
  also in the baltic sea . 
  the ones i remember off the top of my head are : - [ soviet evacuation of tallinn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_evacuation_of_tallinn ) with more than 12,000 military and mobilized dead - [ * moero * ] ( https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/moero ) , sunk by soviets with 2,700 civilians dead - [ mv * wilhelm gustloff * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mv_wilhelm_gustloff ) , sunk by soviets with 9,300 civilians dead . 
  sort of weird to think that such a large battle had `` only '' 8,645 casualties , while several times during world war ii , thousands of people died on ships , which you barely hear about today . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynjstqufegk ), 
  oh , thank you , that danube river area example is a good way to refute such sentiments . 
  and by the way , only latvians and lithuanians are baltic people , estonians are finnic , 
  that will indeed save up a lot of time . 
  ca n't wait for the [ gulf of finland tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helsinki_to_tallinn_tunnel ) though , 
  yeah , the `` baltic states '' in the modern sense in other countries includes only estonia , latvia and lithuania and for quite many estonians we find little connection to the term as estonians are not a baltic nation , but a finnic one , but i guess we do look similar on a map  i sort of get what you mean , but then again you do n't use such geographic terms for countries outside the former soviet sphere ... 
   family reunification is n't ( well , that i 'm aware of ) part of the refugee process , but rather part of normal immigration . 
  refugees are indeed not part of normal immigration . 
  i do n't have much problems when a legal resident in my country brings in his immediate family ( i.e. 
  not parents , but wife/husband and children ) . 
  but this should not be the case for refugees as it 's not a permanent status and normal family life is not the main goal of the status . 
  and i have nothing against people applying for citizenship when they are integrated well enough and that should also be the case for refugees . 
  however the line they draw between people , who are integrated , and the people , who are clearly not , is problematic . 
  some countries have huge districts for muslim foreigners , where they have sort of eaten out all the locals and even the police is afraid to enter there at most times . 
  these are not people , who have integrated well enough . 
  temporary of course could mean that that temporal time reaches past your own life . 
  sadly this is the state of things in many countries . 
  but as long as they do n't have citizenship - even after a regime change in their home country after 50 years - they should be sent back . 
  if you are able to purchase a house , then you can sell it of course should you get deported back . 
   how many years , how many decades , how many generations will you go before you say `` it just does n't make sense to deport '' ? 
  i do n't think it 's about years , but about level of integration . 
  we just had an albanian family in estonia , who had almost no reason to be here as albania is considered a democratic and safe country , but the daughters of the family spoke estonian without any accent , so they were all allowed to stay . 
  i really do n't get you . 
  if somebody invaded the netherlands today , do you think they would happily keep the 30 % colonists in that country after the occupation ended ? 
  i think you are naive as fuck in that context .
