  and what exactly makes estonia baltic ? 
  except the switch is not centralized for other nations . 
   good regional cooperation is beneficial for both of our countries and it 's sad you want to kill it and another strawman . 
  with russia , you do just flip a switch and they will start believing what they are told to believe , just as always . 
  so russians will just hate , who they are told to hate . 
  wanna-be-nordics ? 
  the fuck ? 
  we have nothing against lithuanians , it 's just that we have almost nothing in common ... 
  i 'm not inventing my own terms . 
  baltic = latvian and lithuanian and not estonian , end of discussion ...  see ? 
  you can understand , if you want to fine , just take out single sentences that you like and disregard the rest ...  yeah , right , except quite clearly not really they are north germanic languages . 
  nordic languages is a rarely used term and often includes finnish as it 's supposed to mean languages of the nordic countries , which is not a linguistic term anymore . 
  and by relationship i meant `` related '' relationship . 
  the strawman is fully on you . 
  invading random countries , supporting totalitarian dictatorships , threatening your smaller neighbors , forcing down any opposition , launching a massive propaganda network , organizing a corrupted state , creating a cult of personality etc etc etc = rational ... 
   lithuanians too !, 
  that for you perhaps , we have almost nothing in common with them . 
   normally accomplishes them fairly well . 
  so does a crazy person when he wants to chop a random lady into pieces and store the meat in his fridge ... 
  is n't it logical to start from the north and go clockwise ? 
  that would work in the opposite direction as well if he started from the north ... 
  a wider ethnic group , whatever ... 
  it does n't matter if both terms derive from the baltic sea - the term baltic still refers to latvians and lithuanians as the baltic peoples . 
  and because the nordics is a political concept . 
  which the baltic states is too if you want to include estonia , but they are composed differently : - nordics include north germanic and finnic nations and the term nordic languages is therefore mis-attributed to either meaning all languages of this group or is a rarely used synonym to north germanic languages - in essence it 's a vague term without an official meaning . 
  and if it already includes finland , then it should include estonia as well . 
  the nordics are way past the language criteria . 
  - baltic languages are however very certain languages and therefore estonia should not be associated with this group . 
  you can not go past the language criteria with this group as both balts and baltic peoples only refer to latvians and lithuanians and not estonians . 
  so you think it 's ok to have your language group associated with an incorrect group ? 
  how do you feel about being associated with slavic or germanic languages for the matter ? 
  actually , it 's even wrong , it 's rather turkic or really swahili , as estonian and finnish have no relation to baltic languages . 
  there is no bad stigma , just non-existing relationship . 
  and why would i think you are like russians ? 
  ** another strawman !!!, 
   from south to north , counter clockwise but why though ? 
  finland : sisu , islands , lakes , rally , finns always have good relations with us in my experience russia : oh boy . 
  russian cinema ? 
  latvia : riga , it 's a wonderful city !, 
  and as with finns , latvians always have good relations with us in my experience sweden : that you accepted estonian refugees in 1944, 
  perhaps we should n't care about the opinions of people , who believe in fairy tales ? 
  do n't worry , latvia will send another one . 
  the germans do n't hate the americans ... and the us forces there very likely held off a possible soviet invasion . 
  if a defense policy is successful enough , we will never know it as the enemy will choose not to invade at all . 
  and right now russia is indeed the enemy . 
  since when ? 
  did they find a cure ? 
  what ? 
  he 's reasonable to you ? 
   if you claim not to be our friends by nature another strawman , how many is that already ? 
  but what if we do n't want to belong to a region named after a larger ethnic group that does n't relate to us ? 
  i do n't particularly remember , but did they ask for more actual assistance than they got during the initial invasion phase ? 
  because after the invasion , most of the members did join in . 
  not only are they gay . 
  they are eurogay . 
  that 's like twice the gay !, 
  we also have [ this ] ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/01/0a/08/54/narva.jpg ) . 
  does n't open . 
  [ oh really ? 
  you are looking for reasonable predictions on how an unreasonable dictator will act . 
  it 's really not in this case . 
  how is this aggressive ? 
  nato is an outdated system ? 
  by what standards ? 
  and do n't even start with the silly `` the soviet union is no more , there are no enemies left '' rhetoric . 
   the us would be way better of focusing east and mending relations with russia . 
  and how do you mend relations with an imperialist dictatorship , which is a threat to your allies and therefore to yourself ? 
   national socialism is the only answer . 
  oh i get it , you 're an idiot ... 
  no one else was particularly sizable either ... 
  and why go to war if you can make deals with the invader . 
  after all , it 's not your country he 's invading ... #appeasement #munichaccords, 
  but now tell me this , if we claim we are not baltic by nature , why do you think we need to leave a cooperation group of friendly neighboring countries ? 
  it is as wrong for us as to call a german a swahili . 
  yeah , the `` we are all humans '' and `` all kind of nationalism is bad '' shit, 
   seriously ? 
  an easilly provable fact is my logical fallacy ? 
  you still fail to see your logical fallacy . 
  can you answer me please , if estonia wants to be nordic , then why is it a precondition in your mind that it leaves the baltic regional cooperation organs ? 
  thank you , i did n't actually know they accepted finland later , now there 's a good argument for accepting estonia as well !, 
   it 's only stigma , because you consider being baltic a bad thing . 
  when have i ever said that ? 
  you keep pulling strawmen arguments on me !, 
  wrong for us = / = bad . 
   but trying to make your country look superior to others again , when has this been the case ? 
  you keep inventing stuff , are you imagining things in your head or what ? 
  you mean the oppressed russian liberators ? 
   integration of them rather no integration with some exceptions . 
  i am from [ this place ] ( http://g3.nh.ee/images/pix/728x352/2gfohzbra0w/file124136_124136.734x408.jpg ) so i know . 
  why would you be sorry ? 
  i am well aware of that . 
  if you want chocolate that is also technically chocolate , then you can pick any other brand , it 's not like we only produce white chocolate . 
  and i picked that because it is really considered to be a good one and for normal people in normal circumstances constitutes a chocolate . 
  more like a step-child , but whatever , 
   if estonia is not baltic , but nordic why is it part of baltic regional cooperation schemes perhaps that 's your logical fallacy . 
   why is it not instead a full member of nordic council , but only an observer just like latvia and lithuania ? 
  because estonia was occupied by the ussr and the nordic council was organized in 1953 and has n't taken in new members ever since . 
  also there is the very same stupid stigma that estonia is baltic , which mostly comes from scandinavians not knowing shit about estonian history and culture . 
  also the argument often heard is that estonia is poor , or even the stupid argument that estonia does n't have nordic cross flag like it was some precondition or something . 
   do acctualy read and think what was said instead of spewing your nationalist ideas non-stop .
