  can we finally join ? 
  if not for scandinavia , then at least for the blackjack and hookers ? 
  in spoken language by people , who do n't seem to get the point why these two different concepts exist ... 
  you really need to see a cold war era map of europe . 
  in the baltic states the soviet occupation was unquestionably worse than the nazi occupation though . 
  not clear if trolling or serious . 
  yet it were the immigrant russian women in the late 40s and early 50s , who came to the baltics and wore nightgowns in public because they thought they were evening dresses . 
  northern europe . 
  plus finland is n't scandinavia as you know . 
  side pockets at your stomach were n't even warm enough , 
   one noteworthy point : true finns is the same political party whose 2011 manifesto said , `` young women should study less and spend more time giving birth to pure finnish children . '', 
  eerily similar to the estonian conservative people 's party . 
  the point was rather that we all were post-socialist countries starting from the same place . 
  belgium has been capitalist for a long time . 
  thank you for being the captain obvious and unnecessarily explaining that capitalism works better ... 
  it does n't really matter , it 's the same overall concept and ideology . 
  [  ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en_us#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:pol:ukr:ltu:est&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en_us&amp;ind=false ), 
  and appeasement trolls are sprouting all over europe again !, 
  you are not analyzing anything . 
  you may be a realist and i a moralist , but you are naive and i am rational . 
   my point about citizenship was that if they cant get it ( for obvious reasons like not being fluent in estonian ) well , if you 're not fluent enough in estonian , then of course you should n't get citizenship . 
   which objectively you are if you dont have citize ship/for whatever reason no , you are not a second class citizen then , you are in the same status with the state than any resident foreigner , only that in international relations the state will defend you due to certain quirks in international law not allowing anyone to be unrepresented . 
  after all , russia was the successor state of the ussr , if they deserved the citizenship of any state automatically , it was russia and not estonia . 
   check please some information about slovakia , we don t even have here russian tv or russian language news so ? 
  russian propaganda is quite common in english language media as well . 
   you can call it how you want us are doing what they want in any region around the globe if what they want is legal and is against undemocratic rulers then sure , let them have a go !, 
   international law is for them joke just like for russians no difference here really pathetic that you ca n't see a difference here . 
   world is so dangerous right now mostly thanks to american incompetence , stupidity and foreign policy . 
  world is the safest it has ever been geopolitically , and mostly thanks to pax americana . 
   there are million differences between nazi germany and putins russia . 
  but there are very few differences between their actions . 
   ww1 result basically meant there is huge potential for german agression , german minorities were mostly historic minorities , you can say the same about russia feeling cheated of its former colonies , where it had imported its colonists , who now live behind foreign borders . 
   while russian minority is reltively new forced minority not the same reason . 
  ca n't you understand the basic fact that once they 've conquered a land , they forever claim it 's their historical territory !, 
   what else , , yes 2016 world is not late 30s . 
  numerical difference plays little role here . 
   morality was never included in worlds policy , it doesnt belong there , , you need to make pragmatic and realistic decisions what are you talking about , most of international law has developed through morality ...  it is still more beneficial for your nation to be friends you can not be a friend with a state that treats you like an enemy . 
  it will only work in this state 's advantage and in your disadvantage . 
  you are extremely naive here !, 
   btw those imported russians ( and ukrainians and belarussians ) were policy of stalin and communists more like his successors . 
   ussr was not russia it was almost russia . 
   but soviet doesnt mean russian . 
  it more or less does . 
   but rhetoric is mostly for domestic public rhetoric for domestic public is why this nation is a danger for us . 
   but they not always deliver what they said or promised until they do deliver with another crimea and then you 'll come and claim that we should be friends with them . 
  until they deliver another crimea and then you 'll come and claim that we should be friends with them . 
  until they deliver another crimea and then you 'll come and claim that we should be friends with them.until they deliver another crimea and then you 'll come and claim that we should be friends with them . 
  i need not continue ... 
  well sure , by communist states we mean socialist states run by communist parties that set communism as their ultimate goal . 
  but all of this is radical left nonsense anyway , it 's like arguing over different aspects of fascist and national socialist states - fun and knowledgeable , but does n't really make excuses for either ideology . 
  and this is your naivety !, 
  why the heck should n't we compare this to 1939 ??? 
   you are not happy with integration of your russian minority and you are enemy with russia those two are only loosely connected . 
   and you wonder they listen to kremlins propaganda when you are not even able to gave them citizenship ? 
  and you are just showing that you are already brainwashed by russian media . 
  estonia , quite like slovakia , does n't give out citizenship for random foreigners , nor does it give out citizenship to people , who have n't applied for it , nor to people , who can not pass a language or constitution test . 
  most russians are citizens by the way . 
  plus , many russians prefer the stateless status as it gives them the possibility to travel visa free to both eu and russia , which neither estonian nor russian citizens can not do . 
  plus , stateless male youth do n't have to go through conscription , so they win an entire year to their everyday lives , which estonian and russian citizens spend in the army !, 
   than you wonder that if they see putin on tv telling them estonia treats them like 2nd class citizens they should disagree ? 
  no , it 's because they originate from a homo sovieticus social group and speak the language of the far bigger country that has a far more financed television network . 
   like 2nd class citizens estonia has one class of citizenship , like all the other countries in the world . 
  you just flat out portray your brainwashed nature here . 
   if you would have great relations with russia it would help integration of russian minority and better ties would mean no reason for some animosity ( logically both sides must want this ) . 
  1938 : if czechoslovakia would have great relations with nazi germany , then it would help integration of sudeten german minority and better ties would mean no reason for some animosity . 
  logically nazi germany also wants this . 
   so you think being enemy is better than friend than good that people like you are not running governments . 
  no , i would rather be friends with everyone . 
  but i can not be friends with a person , who is dangerous to me or has attacked me in the past and still thinks it was a good thing to do or that it never happened like that . 
  nor would n't i want to be friends with the guy , who practices shooting on the picture of your face . 
  you act so horribly naively that if there is a bad country out there , we should try to get along and forget all of their crimes because that 's the way to get them to act better . 
  seriously , grow up !, 
  ca n't you see that this is 100 % perfect analogy with nazi german actions and the idiotic appeasement policy of the late 1930s ??? 
   what wtf , you just admitted turkey is pariah too turkey is not a pariah yet , though it is becoming an undemocratic country . 
   have you spend last 2 decades in cave not witnessing us adventures and constant violence of internatinal law ? 
  you mean the multinational invasion of iraq , which toppled a totalitarian dictator , and the operation that eventually included a strong 30 sovereign states ? 
  ca n't think of any other us illegal actions like that . 
   morality never was part of international relations but it sure should be . 
  radically supporting only democratic countries is the correct way to go . 
   every government does what they think is in their interests , what public wants yes , but those interests can not go over the sovereignty of other nations . 
   you are naive if you think morality has place in geopolitics and you are naive to toss our greatest strength aside . 
  but this is an idiotic theoretical argument . 
  in practice all communist parties follow the same line and all communist states have been essentially the same so there 's no point in this argument over a political theory in that context . 
   for god sake if you would think about your own country for a second . 
  what is better to be enemy with russia or be friends ? 
  jesus f. christ , a grown person can not be that naive . 
  1939 : is it better to be enemy with germany or be friends ? 
   but again you have large russian minority why do you think we have that ? 
   if you would have great ties with russia , it would change a lot . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  the naivety is unparalleled to anything i have ever witnessed . 
   turkey right now is even darker than russia and usa are pretty dark inside wtf ...  but you don t see that with their nonstop talk about greatest democracy in the world i mean seriously , who considers the us the greatest democracy in the world ? 
   yet you don t see what does it mean in long term . 
  in the long term it will give more reasons for that country to remain dictatorship and continue its criminal actions , because goons like you will always come and say `` let 's be friends '' , until they commit their next crime and then you want to be friends again ... 
  this is ** exactly ** like the 1939 utterly failed appeasement policy with hitler !, 
   orienting more towards undemocratic nations , partners . 
  presuming all undemocratic countries have a common ground , which is nonsense . 
  only democratic countries can find a common ground and we should use that strength of us to exclude pariah states . 
   if you do work with him , west is important partner and we have some influence , because what do you think he would rather listen to enemy or friend/partner ?
