  this :  hell , i see your flag and i immediately discount your opinion  because i grew curious to see why all of the west was always dogpiling out on russia could it be the good century of dictatorships and hostile foreign policy ? 
   why it seemed like everything about russia was painted in stereotypes because these stereotypes apply to the wide majority ? 
   and emotion because they deny their lies and justify their crimes ? 
   rather than rational logic and reason you can not really reason with a dictatorship and its brainwashed people . 
   and so i eventually drew my own conclusions from there i do pity the fool ... 
   that is so very incorrect . 
  unless if you mean that anything before the 19th century does n't count . 
  if that 's the case then carry on . 
  what examples from pre-19th century can you list then ? 
  because i know enough history to know that there is very little in common . 
  southern estonia was briefly under polish rule , but that hardly makes a difference . 
  meh , in some ways perhaps . 
  i 'd rather say that whatever they have in common with germans , we do as well . 
  why though ? 
  the fact that estonia took up the presidency earlier than planned is a rather known fact . 
   i think you finaly convinced me to delete my reddit account . 
  unnecessary hyperbole . 
  and i like people downvoting me after i 've presented facts to unintelligent arguments . 
  it only proves that i 'm shattering you pre-defined ignorant world view . 
  what an excellent example of a troll you are . 
  no anger , your examples were just rather unintelligent . 
   the bbc has been embroiled in controversy again and again and other media outlets openly call them out for this . 
  it is not so in russia where most of the media is state-controlled . 
   to me grouping estonia with baltic countries makes muc more sense than grouping it with nordic countries . 
  because you do n't know much about the country . 
  hmm , it 's definitely weird . 
  i 'd say what might be construed `` racist '' is putting non-related people together , but not even that is really racist ... 
  `` years '' is mildly putting it . 
  how long have they denied their soviet era crimes ? 
  i believe most of russia still believes their age-old lies . 
  lie , lie , lie - until the people , who know it was a lie , are replaced by people , who only know a certain truth . 
  i do n't think saying something neutral is difficult , it 's just that if we say a neutral negative thing about russia , it is a generalization to all russians , which of course is n't entirely fair . 
  well duh , but you are underestimating the differences . 
   well i would say that the cultural and linguistic differences are rather unimportant - after all does it matter that latvian and lithuanian languages are related , when we only understand each other when speaking english ? 
  yes ? 
   being under russian empire under [ totally different conditions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_governorates ) . 
   wars of independence sure , the fight against the soviets , but the rest was rather different . 
   freedom in the interwar period again , estonia and latvia were almost identical here , lithuania not so much . 
   liberation and singing revolution . 
  well , yes - that goes with the occupation part that i brought out myself . 
   tallin tallin ** n **  for some reason the baltic chain did go to tallin , and did not go to minsk . 
  because belarus was not an occupied country . 
  it was n't / is n't particularly anti-soviet either . 
   christian/catholic background jesus , so is the entire continent . 
  plus estonia and most of latvia are in the lutheran sphere . 
   increasingly atheistic present again , at incomparable levels . 
   the difference between them is much smaller than the difference between them and orthodox faith . 
  well , yes , considering the east -- west schism occurred long before reformation . 
   also we do virtually the same things on summer and winter solstice . 
  aspect common for the entire northern europe . 
   i do n't think that the scandys leave food on their table and a candle burning for their ancestors on christmas eve . 
  neither do we . 
   flat as a ten year old sure , i should give you points on this one , but this is sort of given in geography as `` similar looks '' on the map is one of the main reasons we are lumped together . 
   with forests rivers and swamps and good access to sea . 
  again , estonia and latvia are far more forested and swampy , both with a far better access to sea . 
   all nordic countries are mountainous . 
  erm , no . 
   small economies small countries , so ? 
   virtually no natural resources , no heavy industry and no domestic car brand . 
  jesus , is this really a reason to lump countries together ? 
   eesti only has it 's shit together and is a bit more efficient . 
  well , estonians migrate to finland ( and back ) . 
  hence , having our `` shit together '' . 
   big , friendly , peaceful neighbor to the east same for several other countries . 
   slight cultural differences jesus ...  that is why for example countries like hungary and poland can be considered allies and a group while estonia and hungary while being in the same language family have very little in common . 
  i 'm pretty sure estonia and lithuania are very good allies , but is this a reason for such a grouping ? 
  it seems most what you brought out are actually major differences , irrelevant similarities or just aspects that are common for a far wider region . 
  of course and that should n't bother anyone . 
  but it is very often that some people ignorantly use the term for any other context as well . 
   not everyone who supports putin is a bad person . 
  as long as not everyone , who supported hitler , was n't a bad person either . 
  [ incoming finns ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/1rrapp.jpg ) . 
  no , it 's not a bad one if one wants to refer to all such countries with similar recent history and social problems . 
  however one should definitely not use the same grouping in any other context than that related to the cold war era . 
   is this also the explanation , why your northern baltic brother wants to be seen as `` nordic '' ? 
  these two things are not related . 
  northern europe is also not the same thing as the nordic countries . 
  however i think in certain contexts eastern europe with the cold war borders is fine , but one should definitely not use it as a general classification because that would be , you know , stupid ... 
  because the only major thing that all three have in common is the soviet occupation . 
  do n't get me wrong - estonia and latvia have a lot in common and so do latvia and lithuania , but not estonia and lithuania . 
  major historic , religious and linguistic lines go through somewhere this area , so why would one consider it an entity ? 
  and almost no construction work that was planned was actually finished here because of that ... 
  they tried to speak in estonian . 
  i got most of it actually , quite well done i 'd say . 
  oh please , we have n't had a proper winter in years , 
  oh , totally misunderstood then . 
  that seems a lot more fair to both sides . 
  poor norway though . 
  / such genetic study results are horribly simplified and should n't be used to make any wider conclusions . 
  i would have understood if the court had ruled on a concession to use a narrow strip without registration , but to bend international law like that does n't seem fair at all . 
  imagine if a new country arises in a narrow gulf - do they then have the right for access ? 
  imagine if slovenia joined italy one day - would italy get the slovene corridor as well ? 
  seems questionable at least . 
  on a sidenote , could n't bih then claim such rights it as well ? 
  this is the national average as finland spans a lot from north to south . 
  most of finland 's population lives in an area only slightly colder than estonia . 
  damn , that was harsh . 
  cold can bite your limbs off as well . 
  * you have made a joke about estonians being slow . 
  you will not get an answer today , but they will beat you up the following day !,
