  yes , the yeltsin era , plus the short period after the february revolution . 
  a [ similar survey in estonia ] ( http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/uuring-eestlaste-kaitsetahe-uletab-margatavalt-venelaste-oma?id=73813501 ) reported the share being at 71 % of ethnic estonians and 45 % of ethnic russians . 
  i 'd like to see this one remaining intact for centuries . 
  it 's finno-ugric , which is a subgroup of the uralic languages . 
  not the absolute end . 
  there have been dozens of months after that that year when russia has been democratic . 
  which is weird though , because * kuresaare * ( `` crane island '' / `` crane 's island '' ) makes grammatically more sense . 
  the extra s is just for more comfortable pronunciation . 
  dear six-toed neighbor , we already made several comments about us being slow . 
  i guess we were faster than you . 
  i know , it 's a conundrum . 
   i think that , that is about latvians . 
  rather a latvian stereotype about us . 
  not really , i did n't even know about this meme before memes became widespread on the internet . 
  wtf ... 
  humans originated from africa , but you are just throwing strawmen arguments at me ... 
  they are really not , they are rather well integrated . 
   how do they get so freakin much snow ? 
  [ nor'easter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nor%27easter ), 
  not every death is due to racism . 
  why are you misinterpreting my definition then ? 
   estonian  fast reflexes something does n't add up . 
  if you looked up in estonia right now , you would not notice even the slowest ufo flying over your head . 
  so i would forgive him . 
   europe has no indigenous population . 
  what ? 
  most european ethnic groups are indigenous to their territories . 
   native-american as a concept is an american concept , which i do n't really agree with . 
  ok then . 
   now - land might be a different equation yes , but you have to understand that in the consciousness of many people and many ethnic groups , this is the norm . 
   anyone who has naturalised is a native , at least for me , full stop . 
  no matter their ethnicity or roots . 
  well sure , it 's not like i consider any assimilated person `` less estonian '' regardless of their background , regardless if they are technically immigrants . 
  i think the concepts of a person being an immigrant and a group of people being an immigrant population are very different matters . 
  within that group some were born here and some came here , but it 's not like i really consider some to be natives and some to be immigrants - i rather classify that population as a whole . 
   if the old-believers from the 17th century became citizens in the 20th century , and are citizens now - they are natives . 
  if we have two separate words `` citizen '' and `` native '' , then i would n't use them interchangeably . 
  they are meant for different purposes . 
   so they 've been here for 400 years , and you refuse to call them natives ? 
  of course . 
  do you call non-native americans natives to america ? 
   i 'm pretty sure most of my ancestors were n't in latvia back then . . can i call myself a native then ? 
  well most of mine , strongly over 90 % , definitely were in estonia at the time . 
  however i would still trace it after the parental lineage - if one of your parents is a latvian , then so are you . 
   if these old-believers have lived here since the 17th century - why are n't they natives ? 
  because they came here only in the 17th century . 
   they 're a native-russian minority - they 're not immigrants . 
  a lot of soviet-era russian immigrants are n't technically immigrants either because they were born here , but most still consider them an immigrant population because they are the not part of the native ethnic group . 
   the only reason you 'd call them immigrants is because they have not assimilated . 
  no , that 's not the reason . 
  i do n't expect any ethnic group to assimilate ( and lose their own culture ) . 
  dude , everyone has some foreign blood , including me , which means that some of my ancestors were immigrants and that so am i to a small degree . 
   at what point does an indigenous population become one ? 
  i do n't think it can happen in the modern world , unless some unpopulated area is populated . 
   is there a specific amount of '' blood mixing '' that is allowed before you 're not indigenous anymore ? 
  if one of your parents is a native , then so are you , despite technically having some foreign background . 
   are n't we all immigrants since we came from northern india ? 
  erm , what ? 
  how is that any better ? 
  both were murderous criminal regimes !, 
  if i was a russian , i would probably say the same . 
  but there were n't that many german atrocities against estonians , therefore obviously the russians were seen as the bigger of the two evils . 
   but at the beginning we were talking about your perception of both nazis and soviets based on your own knowledge true , but do you think there is a reason to hate someone for their plans which they never [ got to ] carry out more than for their actual deeds ? 
   it puzzles me how do you justify attempting to twist facts in favor of nazis solely on the crimes you claim soviets commited against your family/ancestors . 
  not just against my family , but my nation . 
  soviets carried out incomparably more crimes against estonians than nazis . 
  if we take non-german and non-russian european nations in general , then the nazis could have been worse . 
  if we include both russian and german victims , then the soviets were more likely worse . 
   it is short-sighted and not very smart , imho . 
  i am not protecting any criminal regime , unlike you . 
  educated = / = intelligent . 
  if you turn out to be a communist , then you have a problem with your brain , i 'm sorry . 
   `` communists have brain damage '' . 
  everyone has a brain damage , who supports radical ideologies that have murdered millions of people . 
  every non-indigenous population is an immigrant population , regardless of whether legal or illegal , whether accepted or not . 
  they are fine , i ca n't see anyone in estonia having a problem with russian old believers . 
  i still remember the quote from doctor zhivago : `` even comrade lenin underestimated [ ... ] our own cursed capacity for suffering . '', 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by indigenous - they are just an older immigrant population and therefore a lot better integrated and respected than the soviet era russophone immigrants . 
  they also [ live in separate regions ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dirq9fb.jpg ) ( where the `` lake peipus dialect '' is shown ) from the soviet era immigrants and they are conservative orthodox old believers , so they may remain distinct in the foreseeable future . 
  they also speak a bit differently , they use an archaic form of the russian pskov dialect , but their younger generations have mostly lost these linguistic differences due to interacting with later russian immigrants in the bigger towns . 
  also these people are almost universally estonian citizens , unlike many soviet era russophone immigrants , many of whom are stateless . 
  therefore the kremlin claims of us persecuting russians by not giving them citizenship are n't true - such policies have never carried an ethnic background , but citizenship was automatically only given to those who were citizens in 1940 , and their descendants . 
  and this was regardless of anyone 's ethnicity . 
  do n't worry !, 
  most people do that , it 's sort of part of our culture . 
  i do n't think anyone thought that `` we 're back in ussr '' because of that , but plenty of people did n't like the return of red passports , which reminded people of the soviet times . 
  there have been some very different forest preservation policies in pskov oblast !, 
  always nice to see westerners living in a bubble . 
  i only wish you could have lived in the soviet union . 
  i truly wish that for you !, 
  yes , and almost everything red became a symbol of the soviet occupation for estonians , especially if the colour was used on official/public ways . 
   capitalism has killed 500.000.000 people ah , a brainwashed communist inventing `` alternative facts '' ... 
   also what i have noticed is that eastern european people who are aged 30 and below talk only shit about ussr meanwhile 30 + aged people who had lived there will tell you something different . . all what i 've noticed is that estonians talk shit about the ussr regardless of their age . 
   i get some nazi-apologistic vibes from you . 
  rather we get some soviet-apologistic vibes from you . 
  like , a lot ? 
  how do you not get the situation : country a killed many people , therefore the people found country a to be the worst country there is . 
  country b killed many people , but far fewer than country a. 
  however country b had `` a plan '' to kill more people , but nobody knew of the plan . 
  so people still considered country a the worst based on all they knew and based on the country 's actions .
