  nato barely moves its forces to not even equal russian forces in the region , but just to add some international status to its own forces . 
  russia then blames nato of aggression and sends whole new divisions to the border ... talk about proportions . 
   ss countries of ukraine , estonia , lithuania and latvia lol , it 's scary how brainwashed you russians are . 
   because it does no , it does not . 
  you are a social outcast immediately with recognizing russians in world war ii in my country . 
  and for a very good reason . 
   well aside from a few butthurtistans whose only role in the ww2 was being nazi collaborationists . 
  ah , where was that ? 
   i think it helps us to understand the intensity of violence at that time . 
  which they created themselves ... 
  i 'd like to see the universe , where such `` rehabilitation '' would not go against russia 's pride . . 
  russia never changes . 
  which i get to a degree , but they kind of justify their own crimes with that term . 
   `` beter een goede buur dan een verre vriend '' - better a good neighbour than a faraway friend lol , this is like the opposite sentiment here . 
  treat others how you want others to treat you , kind of . 
  close : * kuidas k\u00fcla koerale , n\u00f5nda koer k\u00fclale * - `` how the village to the dog , the same way the dog to the village ''  `` g\u00e5 ikke over \u00e5en efter vand . '', 
  solve a problem in the most efficient manner . 
  such glorious patriotism , to cooperate with the nazis to divide europe . 
  why should the aggressor get recognition in the west ? 
  why did you paint nearby countries with a similar colour though ? 
  i do n't have any black friends . 
  but as much as much as i 've heard reports from black people living in estonia , such things do n't happen as rarely that one would experience this a lot when just visiting for a short time . 
  not in every country ... 
  that 's 2.1 percentage points though . 
  78 out of a 1000 lived in we in 2015 and 21 more moved within one year . 
  that is 21/922 , i.e. 
  are high taxes and market freedom directly linked even ? 
   ( not like in baltics with collaborators ) lol , you people with your propaganda ... 
  50 years of foreign totalitarian dictatorship will do that to you . 
  our glorious window to the west on ancient finnic land ... 
  why do you think i was offended ? 
   just that i did n't know the baltics had such a high number of immigrants . 
  perhaps not known across the ocean , but this was one of the most horrible results of the soviet occupation , one that will haunt us for decades to come . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  this is neither the case anymore , nor important as this was the soviet occupation era illegal immigration of mostly russians , ukrainians and belarusians . 
  yeah , `` lots '' . 
  stop this bs . 
  such eastern europe . 
  i mean , if they were * just * monuments to the fallen soldiers , but they are never just that . 
  they are often enormous and signifying the soviet victory in the war , which also means the occupation of innocent states . 
  and they are a rallying ground for kremlin-minded local russians ... 
  i mean , if there were german monuments that were glorifying the occupation and especially if there were local germans gathering en masse to glorify their country 's actions in ww2 , i 'm pretty sure we 'd see these countries removing german war monuments as well . 
   it also increases their dependency on that trade with us . 
  they 've been using this as a weapon against us , * that 's * why we should n't give bullets to this weapon , gosh !, 
   because it 's not even possible anymore , it would crush everyone economically because of how important that trade is . 
  you are talking about the democratic side of europe ... 
  we have 13.6 % first generation immigrants , 7.9 % second generation immigrants and 5.9 % third generation immigrants , meaning only 72.7 % have ancestors from here longer ago . 
   in the eyes of modern european states , all citizens are equal regardless of their background well you can be equal , but there could still be data . . 
   it 's not a conspiracy that uk and france supported finland , they kicked ussr out of league of nations and considered sebding army to finns . 
  good . 
  countries should be supported when invaded by aggressors . 
   finland responded with a military provocation , with obvious support from germany * and * the warmongers . 
  who were those warmongers ? 
  and it 's still whitewashing . 
   i have a very good idea , i have family members who were repressed and i studied the subject . 
  objectivity should be above all , especially above emotions and prejudice . 
  so you can only be objective , when you believe soviet lies ? 
   ah yea i forgot , germany is actually helping the russians take over europe . 
  no , but it sure is dividing europe due to most countries in the vicinity being against increasing russian influence on gas imports . 
  that argument usually does n't seem to suffice in the case of libya . 
  to organize the entire migrant crisis that is . 
  but is is racism a part of xenophobia ? 
  i mean , if i hate on black people , am i just a racist or also a xenophobe ? 
  i would n't say such overblown statements are exactly a regularity . 
  well i would n't consider russia to be that powerful to organize something like that . 
  it is another issue that they use it to push their agenda . 
  ok , perhaps to a degree , but do you consider every anti-immigrant criticism russian propaganda ? 
  now that 's an overstatement ... 
   so does the us . 
  they do ? 
   now russian foreign ministry officials have warned of `` asymmetric measures '' if poland removes soviet war monuments . 
  think of if germany warned poland of `` assymetric measures '' if poland removed nazi war monuments ... 
   1 000,00 i picked this , but single thousands ( i.e 1000-9999 ) are usually not spaced . 
  you really have no idea of the gravity of his atrocities . 
  and the correct neutral term would have been `` head of government '' , not `` premier '' . 
  not finding a joke = / = hating you . 
  not finding a joke = / = taking it seriously . 
   being european means standing up for western values such as democracy , rule of law , equality regardless of your background . 
  well , to be honest , pakistanis , angolans and australian aborigines can do that too . 
  this * per se * is definitely not what makes a european . 
  estonia is by far the most liberal of the former soviet states . 
  empty claims about estonia 's lack of nordicness without comprehending the level of indoctrination people received in the soviet union is rather idiotic . 
  that did n't really last , as you probably know . 
  i was there in 2007 , it was quite amazing , especially with the long climb up . 
  those age gaps are truly something , especially for greece and estonia . 
  indoctrination during a `` certain era '' has left its mark , but glad to see things change so quickly . 
  you 'd be rendered a fascist by you-know-which-people . 
  plus there is no other native welsh territory , while there is quite a big chunk of russia just to the east of us ... 
  everyone does . 
  in estonia there is a higher proportion of estonians , who speak russian than there are russians , who speak estonian . 
  it has switched only for the younger generation and many young estonians refuse to learn russian in school . 
  i know one class , who made a pact that they wo n't functionally learn russian , so they just attended the classes and did n't much cooperate . 
  in my class most did n't care enough to study russian either . 
  got to bring higher culture to uncivilized hill tribes somehow . 
  it 's also about the angle of throwing away the empty hulls . 
  meaning they lost to a finnic country in either category . 
  estonia and lithuania : garlic bread looks like [ this ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?q=k\u00fc\u00fcslauguleivad&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=yau&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjw6eojz67vahubczokhc6pdfgq_auicigb&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=731 ) . 
  yet your comment seemed to hint towards a general rule . 
  loool, 
  among ethnic estonians it must be over 150 .
