  the nations under its rule lived on ...  but i suppose that 's good . 
  because poor you . 
  your people got annexed by the soviets . 
  you are n't the only one , and you did not experience the worst of it . 
  sure , never claimed that . 
  which is all the more ironic that you are protecting this criminal state . 
   estonia is a sovereign country that does n't recognize a right to secede for its regions . 
  because the entire territory of estonia is traditional ethnic estonian habitat , despite some regions now being majority russian . 
  plus , estonia seceded twice from a state that did n't recognize the right to secede for its regions . 
   will likely never set off a chain of ethnic conflict so there 's no problem here . 
  but the question here is not whether the indigenous nation starts an ethnic conflict , right ? 
  because i claimed that the indigenous people should get to decide the future of the political status of the country and you countered that with a possibility of an ethnic conflict by which you must have meant that the immigrant people will start the conflict because why would the indigenous people start the conflict if they get to make the decision . 
   semi-racist notion of indigenousness . 
  i guess today everyone can call anything racist ...  france is also france because of frenchification , italy is italy because of italianization , turkey is turkey because of turkification , germany is germany because of germanisation etc. 
  indeed they are , but to a degree . 
  germany actually does n't force its regions to speak one standard for example . 
  plus all of these countries ( besides turkey more and more ... ) are democratic nations with lots of civil liberties , so the regions can demand the respect of regional culture , which in russia it 's not very possible . 
   you ca n't ignore hundreds of years of history and the current demographic balance on account of your personal feelings as to what 's fair , who 's indigenous , who 's the rightful owner of what territory etc. 
  how am i ignoring history again ? 
   who 's the rightful owner of what territory etc. 
  it 's actually not so much about territory , but the political self determination . 
  an ethnic group has the right to organize their lives how they want , that 's what this right is about . 
  one can not use this right without territory and the territory comes with the people . 
  so an immigrant population forcing its will will not damage the indigenous people 's right to a certain territory , but to the right of self determination . 
   people move , people assimilate , that 's the norm , but in these cases they do n't assimilate . 
   people move away , not entire populations . 
   places get conquered , groups get persecuted , ethnic cleansing or intercommunal violence happens etc. 
  and all of these are crimes and i do n't get why you are protecting the outcomes of these crimes . 
   ( because of a certain estonian 's feeling of what is just and what is not ) i do n't know , you should ask israel ...  i can think of exactly one where political power was seized by an indigenous minority like this ; abkhazia as i said earlier . 
  shining example for functional nations everywhere , right ? 
  if you meant seized by the minority , then yes . 
  i thought we were talking about indigenous people forming their own states in general in this paragraph . 
  and of course there are n't many such examples because the majority immigrant population will most likely piss at international law ...  there really is n't . 
  ethnicity , culture , assimilation , ethnic cleansing , conquest , territorial integrity , separatism etc. 
  work pretty much the same regardless of which continent you 're residing on . 
  correct , yet you need to take into account the utterly different social context here , where tens or hundreds of millions of people have moved away to form entirely new groups , which one could not even call ethnic groups , just national groups . 
  plus the sheer small number and historically radically different pattern of land use and sparse population density are important factors you need to take into account here . 
  i 'm not saying the native americans do n't have rights , they definitely do and luckily within their reservations enjoy quite a lot of them . 
   still does n't contradict the obvious fact that you hate russians which you were denying earlier . 
  your words , not mine . 
  i hate people who want to destroy my country , just like you hate muslim terrorists . 
  it does n't mean that you hate all muslims or that i hate all russians . 
  as a tallinner , who is specifically used to a medieval old town , i have to say prague , but paris was rather a disappointment as well . 
   if the alternative is to give complete control of the country to a minority population and then inevitably set of a chain of completely avoidable ethnic conflict ... yes ? 
  i actually think that in this case your opinion might be in the minority here . 
  a lot of people are willing to fight for the country of their ancestors , unlike you apparently . 
   protected well nobody is denying that . 
  but you basically claim that every such issue will lead to ethnic cleansing and civil war ...  ignore hundreds of years of history because someone feels that ethno-supremacist minority rule is somehow historically just . 
  who is ignoring history ? 
  history is exactly what those indigenous people would be relying on . 
   yes because you 're weaselly avoiding the inevitable result of the objective insanity that is minority ethno-supremacist rule because you want to be seen as a courageous defender of indigenous peoples or whatnot . 
  so if russians had illegally sent a couple of hundred thousand people more into estonia , then it would be fine with you if they did n't allow estonia to become an independent western country ? 
   you do n't get to advocate this nonsense and then ignore the logical consequences of it actually being applied . 
  yet you are absolutely making up these consequences ... 
  so , let 's take estonia 's example then . 
  russians in general are not native to estonia . 
  however sure there must have been some russian traders living here in the middle ages . 
  then a few came in the 17th century and a lot came in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  at what point do they become indigenous of this country and does one indigenous community make the entire new immigrant population indigenous ? 
   who 'll still be minorities in there new states because of russification ...  ethnicity , which is hilariously regressive wow ...  ethno-supremacist wait , ** who said anything about supremacy ?? 
  **  it will never produce a functional society many functioning nations have been born like this . 
   you 're not rabidly suggesting these moronic ideas for anyone but russia no , but there 's a clear difference between the old world and the new world . 
   referring to a culture and people as subhuman  you need not to have a stronger subhuman culture next to you , ** which wants to destroy your culture because of reasons ** . 
  because people literally wanting to destroy your culture are subhumans . 
  i 'm sure a lot of jews thought the same of germans at one point ... 
   praised the su already a hostile imperialist ...  su dissolution was the biggest catastrophe . 
  it was the single greatest event in the 20th century , which resulted in peace in europe and relative peace on world scale . 
  how am i butthurt about eastern europe again ? 
   cant wash away history that easily well , we are not washing away history , we are washing away its dirty remains . 
   45 years of soviet rule has left a huge mark whether we like it or not . 
  of course . 
   some take it being called eastern europe as an insult i take it as an inaccuracy . 
   i think it is actually embarrassing that we try to weasel into the nordics . 
  do you also think it 's embarrassing that we label ourselves estonians and not hutus ? 
   50 years of ussr love what ussr love ? 
  definitely more indigenous . 
  you ca n't really compare the new world with the old world . 
   do n't compare it to estonia case , just learn more , read more ... and what facts did i learn from this conversation ? 
  so if oceania incades the netherlands , deports its population and brings in millions of oceanians , then you consider it justice that they now get to decide the future of the country ? 
   ethnically cleansed you took it so far , not me . 
  12 % forms the indigenous population . 
  why should immigrants decide the political status of the country ? 
   and your dislike of russians . 
  works with other such cases in the old world as well ...  your hatred for russians your claim , not mine . 
   estonia has no way to enforce the notion that it 's the same country as before ww2 . 
  it absolutely does . 
  what it does not have the force to do is making the soviet occupation obsolete . 
  but by instituting the same legal order , the former republic was restored and this is internationally recognized . 
   btw this discussion seems like it 's straight from 1984 . 
  how the hell so ? 
  not that at all , nice generalization . 
  it 's just that in estonia mostly lesser educated people see estonia as an eastern european country . 
   what is wrong with being eastern european ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
   western no estonian has ever claimed that estonia is a western european country . 
   tell me , why hungarians do not have such problems ? 
  they actually have some reasons to be mad about this east/west divide well if you only divide the continent into east and west then of course both hungary and estonia are eastern europe . 
  did i ? 
  could you point it out to me where i did that ? 
  it 's not like the nordic economic model would work for a post-soviet state ... plus the economic model is just one aspect about the nordic countries ...
