  it means the language environment you grew up in , what your parents talked , how that language built up the way you think , your ancestry , your social norms , your physical appearance etc. 
  yeah , apparently it 's a non-issue and russia is a friendly paradise . 
  serbia , you awake again ? 
  as of 2011 , only 45 % of non-estonians ( i.e. 
  mostly russians ) speak estonian , while 63 % of estonians speak russian . 
  russians , who speak estonian have far better chances on the job market than estonians , who speak russian thanks to that fact . 
  yet , russians are being oppressed ... 
  the citizenship issue will remain . 
  many russians do n't want to take up estonian citizenship because they will not be able to travel to russia visa-free and the men will have to serve 8-11 months in the estonian military . 
  do n't be acting like the serbs did n't start all this . 
  the parents-argument really remains true until the person becomes old enough . 
  believe it or not , there are plenty of such people in europe and the us again , especially among the left-wing millennials . 
  well , should you actually provoke russia , then of course no one should help you , however russia is known for creating illusions of foreign provoking ... 
  why do you also support each other 's crimes ? 
  i 'm not willing to leave one centimeter to russia . 
  narva is a historically estonian town , where estonians were n't allowed to return after world war ii . 
  where does this great love for russia come from ? 
  you meant non-nato aggressor . 
  yeah , especially the `` both parties used this for propaganda purposes '' ... 
  and what town-sized country was that ? 
  the local russians could inhabit the remaining sea part . 
  in the context of `` do you want the 1960s-1980s mass immigration of russians to your country to have happened ? 
  '' , i do n't think the willingness of some russians to integrate in 2016 matters that much . 
  remember that russia protected the russians in crimea from ukrainian reaction to russian-supported separatist violence . 
  in advance . 
  oh , but of course . 
  independent media itself should organize its set of radar stations along nato borders so that we could verify nato 's ludicrous claims ... 
  an age-old russian rhetoric . 
  indeed some of them were lies , either deliberate or not . 
  however such cases did exist . 
  are there any actual reported nato airspace violations of russia ? 
  that 's why russia was called out for being vague ... 
  provide some examples . 
  it 's simple - russian colonists . 
  i did say was :d, 
  understood , but that final emigration would be shown in statistics . 
  if the essence of the party is to impose a foreign dictatorship through violent means , then the party should be repressed . 
   including communists , so it 's more of a similarity than a difference , as the definition goes . 
  what ? 
  democratic socialism is another thing here really . 
  `` by the majority of estonians '' , who imposed a qualitatively better political regime instead of an oppressive communist dictatorship . 
  estonians were n't much allowed to join any other nazi unit ... 
  lol , provoking in self-defense on their own territory ... 
  no , that lame russian rhetoric is a classic . 
  yes , it is important to break the russian dogmas about my country . 
  i 'm not stalking a foreign sub , i sometimes search for estonia-related posts in reddit and they sometimes lead to the russian subreddit . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/03/military-aircraft-interventions-have-surged-top-gun-but-for-real ) . 
  ok , that point may stand , but it 's not like those huge numbers of people go abroad to settle rather than work , study or travel . 
  i do n't think i quite get your last point though . 
  i do n't hate russia . 
  i hate russians spreading lies on my country . 
  that 's why i go there . 
  i do n't come there to criticize russia - it 's your own problem . 
  i come there when i see something idiotic about my country . 
   nobody care about your little states in russia . 
   you have to be kidding , that is your explanation for stalking and having more comments on a russian sub lol . 
  no , that is my explanation for not spending time on the estonian sub . 
  now which one 's provoking ? 
  the one invading foreign air space or the one defending their air space ? 
  no , it is not . 
  the most in europe ? 
  probably the balkan countries , especially croatia and romania , as i 've been to most of western europe . 
  also scotland perhaps . 
  the least ? 
  belarus . 
  this place just can not into tourism . 
  drawing an astounding map of europe from the top of his head and yet mixing up estonia and latvia ... 
  i guess i meant that you should n't mock a person for his or her nationality , but can mock a person for his or her religion . 
  yet mocking any nationality or religion itself as well is just plain . . common anyway ... 
  it 's quite a known word among local foreigners . 
  it means `` night '' and is pronounced like [ this ] ( http://forvo.com/word/\u00f6\u00f6/ ) . 
  finns have * y\u00f6 * for that , which is [ pronounced similarly ] ( http://forvo.com/word/y\u00f6/#fi ) . 
  it 's quite uncommon for any europeans to have such a specific name for `` night '' [ it appears ] ( http://ukdataexplorer.com/european-translator/?word=night ) . 
  exactly . 
  so what was your quarrel ? 
  i did n't say changing your nationality is impossible . 
  it 's not attacking anymore when your air space is being violated every so often - it 's defending . 
  if that 30 % would have been equally distributed within the country , things would be different , but right now , this 30 % is living in a very small area : have a look at [ this map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:share_of_estonians.png ) . 
  lol . 
  it 's been exactly one day since a russian calls me `` butthurt '' and `` victim mentality '' . 
  it rahter seems the butthurtedness comes from your own imperialist dogmas of needing to control other countries , but not being able to anymore . 
  reddit is not that popular in estonia . 
  i can talk to estonians on estonian language web pages , i do n't need an international platform for that . 
  is there some proof to that statement ? 
  if we criticize russia on a certain issue , it is not whataboutism . 
  russians answering to criticism with `` but look at america '' or something else similar , that is whatabaoutism . 
  i suggest you to familiarize with the term before using it . 
  no , i 'm the guy who lets everyone know that the 1st guy is an asshole and should he continue , i 'd whack him in the face . 
  i 'd rather worry about my pension than my culture . 
  the communists were free to run , but not under the name `` communist party of estonia '' . 
  if they were completely banned , they would have gotten 0 % of the votes now , would n't they ? 
  stop getting all nervous now . 
  and it 's not like all members of the party were found guilty of treason or something . 
  some were , on the famous [ trial of the 149 ] ( trial of the 149 ) . 
  the rest could remain active in politics . 
  the communist party of ukraine did n't commit treason only in the last years , it was a long supporter of any pro-russian regime . 
  nothing is up to debate here . 
  communist symbols should be banned . 
  they were symbols of an oppressive foreign regime . 
  i 'd ban them in estonia as well .
