   they did n't get shit in ukraine . 
  perhaps it 's because it was n't ukraine that committed the crime ? 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  / i do n't support killing jews , but hitler had a reason to do it . /, 
  so , anyone , who opens their mouth ? 
  [ you ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/images/2016/08/05/us/05onfire1_xp/05onfire1_xp-master768-v2.jpg ), 
   and was there for branded extremist by the russian state lol , is n't everyone an extremist , who does n't support putin ? 
   is there some law against this ? 
  this is russian-occupied crimea , what did you expect ? 
  what 's that you 've got there ? 
  ah , to remember how our ancestors deported you [ r ancestors ] ? 
  well , better write you a ticket then . 
  that colour difference between slovakia and poland though . 
  that was fake news . 
  the un geoscheme lists them in northern europe for a long time . 
  with a relatively good reason . 
  so naive ... 
   why did n't the balts liberate their own country against the germans , before the soviets arrived ? 
  because a whole lot of you supported the nazis . 
  [ dude ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_committee_of_the_republic_of_estonia ) . 
  the liberating soviets shot down the estonian flag with machine gun fire . 
  oh dude , you 've come to the wrong place :d, 
  - much of this was a direct result of the soviet occupation ; - voluntary emigration can not be compared to forced-upon deportation to siberia ; - aging and low birth rates are a natural occurrence everywhere in europe . 
   without any doubt the soviets were the lesser evil than the nazi 's . 
  quite difficult to say `` without doubt '' if you pick the lesser evil to be the one that murdered more people . 
  but we can use these same arguments and say that the nazis did liberate us from the soviets , who were much worse to us ... 
  unfaithful to soviet-imposed history teaching ? 
  it 's the actually v theoretically argument . 
  people tend to blame the ones , who actually did the persecuting . 
   how do you keep tangling the matter so the soviets are somehow as bad , if not worse , than the nazis ? 
  because they were the guys who * actually * persecuted more of our ancestors . 
  and that leads to other guys in the pub defending guy 1 . 
  which one would you support during step 2 ? 
  voluntary emigration [ mostly due to the effects of the soviet occupation ] and natural aging really should n't be compared with murder and deportations . 
  yeah , the glorious 70s and 80s when you sent in huge amounts of people to russify our countries . 
   soviet union was repressive , but i would n't say it was much worse than colonial regimes ( with the obvious difference of the repression vector ) . 
  theres also an obvious difference of time [ for most such crimes at least ] as much of the colonial era happened before modern international law had banned and criminalised such atrocities . 
   i very much doubt that would be possible if nazis were successfull . 
  we do n't know that , nor should it matter . 
  mongols were horrible as well , but it does n't matter everyone else should get away with their crimes because they were better than the mongols . 
  it 's not like they actually supported it , it was done out of necessity to defeat the nazis - the evil regime that had invaded their side of the world . 
  their later historicity could have changed though and they should n't view the ussr as an ally , rather as a co-belligerent . 
  yes , poor soviet liberators , getting branded as occupiers and stuff ... what horror . 
  / it 's not like i did n't get the referene . / i 'm just waiting for a [ very stereotypical ] explanation . 
   there was very little done to memorise jews and genocide . 
  more like destroying jewish cemeteries to build some random concrete blocks on these grounds . 
   but i think at the time you take every thing else than the nazis as an improvement . 
  because the nazis where ... literally ... nazis . 
  could say the same about us and the nazis in 1941 ... 
  the soviets were ... literally ... the soviets . 
  it was at least not a communist regime that could be kept at bay . 
  communist regimes gaining more power was the number 1 existential threat during the cold war . 
  vietnam was during the cold war to keep out the spreading communists , who were an existential threat to democracies and capitalist systems everywhere . 
  iraq was an illegal war to take down a hostile totalitarian dictator . 
  syria was an illegal intervention to support forces fighting against the totalitarian regime . 
  their intervention there would not be illegal if russia came to their senses and did n't veto the shit out of syria resolutions in the security council . 
  so naive ... 
   it must be nice and easy living in your blue-black-and-white little world ftfy . 
  and yes , yes it is . 
   for example : building roads/houses -  good , indeed , but one needs to take into account that roads and houses would have been built without the occupying regime as well . 
  some soviet-minded russians act like we would live in the stone age if they had n't built factories and kindergartens here . 
  maybe living under both regimes makes you less forgetful of either of the regimes , like you are forgetting the horrors of the soviet regime right now because your country never experienced it . 
  you fail to understand that this was a secret nazi plan not known to the locals during the war . 
  that 's why these nations have more negative sentiments towards who * actually * committed more crimes to their nation . 
   yes , exactly . 
  eastern europe is a perfectly fine term to describe the warsaw pact countries . 
  in cold war era contexts , indeed . 
  but if you are saying that you are coming to visit estonia , the czech republic , and slovenia for their cultures and call them eastern europe , then that 's just silly . 
  if however you compare their socialist-era architecture , then it 's perfectly fine to call them eastern europe . 
  by the way , just for comparison , is it allowed to call nazis liberators in areas that had been occupied by the soviets first ? 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania , parts of poland and romania that is . 
  hey !, 
  a question mark can be many things , 
  yeah , there are always skeptics ... 
  it 's perhaps funny to finns and estonians , but doubt anyone else understands anything . 
  yeah , have n't really seen any . 
  aggressive = / = illegally aggressive though . 
  it 's simplistic to criticize every us action , only a couple of their interventions have been illegal since the end of the cold war and a key factor here is russia vetoing decisions in the security council . 
   also the ss were heroes !, 
  your comment started off so well and then you just blabber like that ... 
  well , of course you do n't . 
  that 's my point ... 
  i wonder if they ever will . 
  it feels like talking to a brick wall with some people . 
   then you prefer nazi occupation or soviet ? 
  i know very well what estonians preferred - their own country back . 
  but soviets were seen as the bigger * immediate * danger to their lives . 
   you 're saying the soviets are worse , in all possible universes too i think you may have misunderstood that - i did n't exactly mean by it that they were worse in every place , rather than that by what logic were they not worse here ? 
   thus [ you prefer ] the nazis winning the war , over soviet occupation i 'm not exactly saying that either . 
  i mean , do you think finns wanted the nazis to win the world war just because finns were fighting against the soviets ? 
  you should n't see things so black and white . 
  guy 1 attacks you with an axe . 
  guy 2 starts a fight with a lot of people , including guy 1 . 
  while fighting guy 1 , guy 2 also punches you in the face . 
  guy 1 wins and chops your arm off . 
  it later turns out guy 2 planned to murder you eventually . 
  which of the guys was worse ? 
  like which people ? 
  of course , revenge killings can never be tolerated . 
  i 'm just wondering as he seems to be oddly specific .
