  and what 's wrong with these names ? 
  they are usually named after historical regions !, 
  threat in general is of course bigger than threat of a military invasion , that goes without saying . 
  however you put the threat of an invasion to a ridiculously low percentage . 
  i am talking of hundreds of people , perhaps over a thousand in total , who get along in common events . 
  that is a subculture , i do n't understand why you are fighting this so much . 
   literaraly in my whole life i 've never met person in `` fraternity '' and i have to say this is your loss . 
  i have personally interacted with dozens of polish fraternity members and i 've visited them several times . 
   saying that they exist is borderline dishonest . 
  seriously , [ wtf dude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--gaqqqfjzg ) . 
  oh do n't worry , they offer [ free counter-holidays ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwlkilxbghg ) in return . 
  no matter how much i try to give facts stating the opposite , people still seem to think that it 's nonexistent in europe . 
  it 's just not the same as in the us , it does n't follow the same traditions and heritage . 
  from my personal experience the burschenschaften are generally crazy radical . 
  ( though one of the friendliest of these organizations i once interacted with was also a very moderate burschenschaft , but i think it was rather an exception as they themselves confirmed it too ), 
  i ca n't believe people sometimes . 
  i only answered facts that they do exist and i was immediately downvoted ... 
  do n't you know what a subculture is ? 
  i mean , i have personally experienced that very same subculture in poland . 
  considering you 're not part of that very small subculture and i am in a nearby country , it 's not surprising that i know more about it than you . 
   i used them as mine opinion , you can say your numbers based on your opinion but such numbers are ridiculous . 
   2 . i strongly disagree , world right now is very different , in both cases very dangerous times of course it 's different , but there are very strong parallels to be drawn here . 
   usa is threat to other countries , while being democratic , because democratic , dictatorship doesnt matter if you follow your national interests and geopolitical goals do n't be undemocratic then . 
  i personally support toppling harsh dictatorships . 
   possibly yes i 'm having a hard time understanding what sentence are you answering to from here on . 
   i said i don t see possibility of russian invasion and you asked that ... 
  i understand the naive westerners , who never see russian crimes happening before they already happened , but you ...  good for business meant as sentence used for this matter . 
  it means playing with such card is great for domestic audience and achieving certain goals , similar to putin playing western or nato card or americans playing soviet now putin card . 
  all main parties play that card , and for a reason - because it 's real !, 
   last point - i meant that huge majority of public can be influenced by media or politicians playing games and lying so the aforementioned russian actions are lies now ? 
   my only issue here is that i believe in different possibility of russian invasion to baltic trio or poland than you do ( which is understandable as you are estonian and i am slovak ) you see it at 0.00 x1 % , we see it a little higher than that . 
  where , it does n't really matter . 
  we are not hysterical about it , we just do n't stand the naivety of someone , who claims that there is no threat in russia for us . 
  i 've heard horror stories about russian tourists , but it probably depends on the visited nation and the purpose of the visit , i.e. 
  estonia is worth a visit for seeing old towns or walking in the nature , which does n't really invite the worst of the worst from russia as i can imagine the beach resorts in spain might do . 
  i still have to say that in estonia it is rather the finnish booze tourists or the british stag parties . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it is definitely a subculture in germany , poland , estonia and latvia . 
  just a very different subculture . 
   i never said my numbers are from intelligence services . 
  then why use them ? 
   you can t compare world in 40s with 2016 ... 
  they are not the same , yet they are not totally different either . 
   whole world changed like 4x in that time . 
  tell me , if you get a different result when you do the following calculation :  y x 2 / 4 x 4 / 2  usa is also democratic so what ? 
  and the us is not a threat to us , in fact it 's our strongest ally . 
   argumenting with democracy is useless . 
  no it is not . 
  cooperating democratic countries are very unlikely to attack each other , while undemocratic alienating country may be very hostile , at least very unpredictable . 
   have concept of national interests and their foreign and security policies are based on such concept and how to achieve those goals . 
  do the interests of democratic countries also mean that their democratic allies lose territory ? 
   based on my deep knowledge of russian ( also american , , chinese and french concepts ) i really at this point don t see possibility of russian army invading estonia . 
  so we should disband our military , right ? 
   i do understand people in baltics or poland have different view on this topic based on multiple factors . 
  yeah , first being history , second being that we are not blind nor deaf . 
   i would give you an example , playing with russian card is good for business , just like here was for ages playing with hungarian card . 
  how is it good for business again ? 
   people listen to their politicians and media and their views are skewed . 
  if our politicians would say to trust russia in the current geopolitical atmosphere , after invading georgia and ukraine , constantly violating our air space and territorial waters , kidnapping our security official from within our territory and organizing massive war games with attack purposes , then nobody would take our politicians seriously ... 
  germany is a peaceful democratic country , and both a military and political ally of slovakia , just like austria is a political ally of slovakia . 
  russia and belarus are neither democratic , russia is hostile and are de facto enemies of nato . 
  how can you even compare the two ?? 
   no there is no benefit in taking estonia . 
  neither was there in 1940 ...  that % i gave was in current situation , if you would hypothitecally leave nato than % would go up signifficantly . 
  of course it would , but your numbers are just pulled from the hat ... 
  not really underground , but they all have like a hundred members in total , with alumni , so they are indeed small if compared to the total polish student population . 
  it sure should be about averages . 
  hopefully your school was an exception in this , yet i 'm quite sure there were cheater schools in every country . 
  and of course tests are not everything , but they are something , 
  fraternities and sororities are social organizations rather than special purpose interest groups . 
  not that they do n't sometimes take part of student policy making . 
  what do n't we get in your mind ? 
  of course it could be better , it always could and should . 
  but compared to the rest of the world and especially europe , the finnish and estonian systems are the best . 
  americans follow the greek system , we here follow the german system . 
  they differ like day and night . 
  it 's not like you ca n't go out anymore after joining a student organization ... 
  i would n't say the life within the organizations is ever boring . 
  i understand that , it 's a subculture anyway in every country . 
  there are very few left nowadays , but the ones i mentioned are quite active . 
  and quite honestly , your loss !, 
  what if i told you that student organizations offer many valuable experiences at organization , leadership and public speaking , plus a good way to have your party life in a cheap , controlled and safe environment withe people , who you are most likely going to stay friends with for your whole lifetime . 
  i 've had both very good and very bad experiences with german student organization members . 
  some are indeed quite right-wing and rather arrogant people . 
  others drink so much that it 's even disgusting to just watch . 
  but then there are other , more moderate organizations where people drink and act normally . 
  we are usually quiet with strangers when sober , but a couple of drinks in our bodies and we become more talkative . 
  plus saunas , do n't get me started on how chatty we become in saunas !, 
   and your media are probably showing russian tanks on your borders every day not really . 
   but seriously you think threat is real ? 
  quite definitely . 
   possibility of russian invasion to estonia or latvia is about 0.01 % and you 've become an oracle !, 
   nato membership flaky . 
  there are plenty of those , who would argue against going to a war with russia because of us . 
   you are actually richer country so ? 
   no historical region what ? 
   those russians are how you like to call it immigrants , not region that was for centuries russian ida-viru county is majority russian . 
  it does n't much matter to them that it 's recent . 
   so there would be no justification you underestimate the russian media and the russian logic . 
   no strategic value or economic benefit .
