  wow , people writing freely add confusion now ...  having 4 different sources stating opposite things just makes everyone more confused thus most of the people stick to the ones which appeal to them . 
  this means 4 different options are possible . 
  their validity depends on the credibility of the source . 
   you do n't get to reach the truth unless you go theoretical . 
  no , you claim that it 's possible that the government pays media off , yet ca n't argue why it 's possible nor whether it has ever been done . 
  it 's exactly the same analogy when somebody claims that it 's perfectly possible that there is a god , yet ca n't explain why . 
  such statement has no value . 
   questioning everything you 're being told is the best way to go , is n't it ? 
  question , but do n't go along with every theory that pops into your head ...  i just merely stated my opinion , i 'm not forcing it on you and whether or not to take me seriously is up to you . 
  and i do n't . 
   freedom of media is led by people and people can be easily manipulated . 
  corruption may exist on any level . 
  that is not a theoretical statement as we know individual corruption is very real in an abstract context . 
  ( yet the levels of corruption are different in countries of course . ), 
   i 'm not saying i have a better alternative , but seeing so many differing statements from different sources seriously does n't help . 
  yes it does ...  i partly agree . 
  though it 's still possible for a person to do it properly if he wants to know how the events really did unfold and not how he would like the said events to unfold . 
  no , we have different subjective opinions about biases , yet most of us actually want to know the truth . 
   why do you think so ? 
  because they are critical of each other and lies and misinformation is to a degree detectable . 
   there is evidence for a lot of them since most of them do have a concrete base . 
  a lot of conspiracy theories turned out to be true . 
  well indeed , but the validity of one conspiracy theory in no way supports the possibility of another being true . 
   mass nsa espionage not particularly a surprising one in any country ...  but there are some which make perfect logical sense yet lack the official evidence . 
  that is an absurd statement . 
  nothing makes sense without evidence . 
  how many of them do you think are true ? 
  depends on what we consider a conspiracy theory i guess . 
  is a regular corruption case a conspiracy theory before they find enough evidence for it ? 
  if very mobile cases like that are included , then probably many . 
  but if we include only a couple dozen of the known conspiracy theories , which have existed for a long time , then probably just a few . 
   the whole point of my side of this debate is to show you that i know jack shit because the media can not be trusted . 
  and i go even further by claiming that `` how do you know that the media can not be trusted '' ? 
    there is a lot of things russia says which are true things that democratic countries lie about ? 
  bring some examples !, 
   there were a lot of good rulers during the golden days of monarchy . 
  it 's actually an easy google . 
  well , although monarchies can be just as authoritarian , monarchs are rarely called dictators as their hereditary rule is justified in different ways . 
  but that was a sidenote . 
  and how many of those good rulers allowed freedom of speech and criticism of the monarch ? 
  and how many do we have today or in our modern history ? 
   how do people get fucked over by democratic countries ? 
  dude , have you seen usa which started wars for oil and supported terrorists ? 
  so you go with the rhetoric that all us wars are the same and all are bad despite international law ? 
   have you seen the reactions of americans recently when the documents about saudi connections to 9/11 were declassified and usa did jack shit about it ? 
  could you provide some sources ? 
   you seem to have this strange opinion that democracy automatically means that there wo n't be any problems . 
  wait what ? 
  i claimed that democracies do n't try to screw people over in that sense . 
   usa being proclaimed as `` the most democratic country in the world '' ( which it is n't ) , ironically , has the biggest statistical number of prisoners . 
  who proclaims that again ? 
  and how is the number of prisoners related to it not being a democracy ? 
   i 'm not anti-democracy , but saying that democracy is giving the power to people is a bit misleading . 
  it gives them the power to choose their ruler . 
  and that 's the best option . 
  the mass can not all rule at once . 
   it is common sense really . 
  not to me and not to the mainstream opinion . 
  now explain yourself !, 
   media will only write about the things they get profit from , writing about things which contradict the mentality and beliefs of people will only make them lose money . 
  wow , what a revelation ... 
  yet quite often they do write about unpopular things ...  and there is always a possibility of government paying them . 
  great , so you are going theoretical ...  freedom of media does n't change anything at all , in my honest opinion . 
  seriously , how do you want to be taken seriously ??? 
   my opinion is that there is truth out there somewhere , but if you want to get to it you will have to be knowledgeable enough to get rid or bias . 
  and we do it differently because what we think is bias is our subjective opinion . 
   in less democratic countries it 's easier since it 's always obvious what their bias is , so it 's much easier to spot bullshit . 
  well that much is true . 
   when there are more views , it 's much harder to pick out the bullshit since you have to keep in mind what each of the sources is biased towards . 
  yeah , but mainstream views together are not particularly biased . 
   so you 're implying that it 's a better choice to inherit someone else 's opinion instead of forming your own ? 
  i claim that conspiracy theories have little or no evidence to support them . 
   if you want to try and find the truth , you will need actually try and not sit in your chair reading world news and pretending to know everything . 
  i am not pretending to know anything , you are . 
  i am just mistrusting about how much people claim they know . 
   what is your source of evidence ? 
  what is need to be told in order for you to accept it as evidence ? 
  evidence is academic literature first and generally accepted evidence from official reports and investigative journalism . 
   i disagree with you on the fact that democratic countries are closer to truth . 
  because countries known to control their media are just as close to the truth as countries , which do n't control their media and let them be investigative ...  people are easily manipulated and this does n't change with different forms of ruling . 
  that much is true . 
   i disagree with your opinion that dictators are likely to be lying . 
  it depends on the dictator . 
  it 's really rare to have a benevolent dictator - in fact i do n't know any in existence . 
  how do you get fucked over by the government in democratic countries again ?? 
  and especially in estonia ? 
   freedom of media is bullshit by default . 
  now that is your personal point of view that is not part of the mainstream understanding so i kindly ask you to provide arguments for such a claim that i personally find unintelligent . 
   you always see what 's written there from a perspective of the one who wrote it perhaps democratic countries , which allow different views , are just closer to the truth ? 
  or is it just that ** everybody lies ** ? 
  do you think there is no truth out there ?? 
   the best way to know what is up is to see it with your own eyes . 
  some people open their eyes too much and their brain falls out ...  it 's such a simple thing to understand and yet very little people actually try and instead mindlessly follow their side which they are sure is correct . 
  i have the following principles : - evidence prevails - international organizations offer a very important view - democratic countries are closer to the truth - dictatorships are very likely lying - always know what the alternative views are about, 
  and then decide not to force official fines or sanctions `` this time '' . 
  fine , then purely as a figure of speech , poland is german turf . 
   no , that 's not how this works at all . 
  so explain it then , how does `` this '' work ? 
   he 's a spy and by no means a whistleblower . 
  totally possible , considering how russia flocked to defend him , however not entirely sure as it 's clearly unlike a regular spy scenario .
