  such unknowing people are too easily manipulated , including us in aspects of legislation we know nothing about . 
  just a standard incorrect internet argument , which i 've gotten used to refute . 
  and here is where your education in math does n't help you . 
  it is a democratic principle that the majority ca n't decide for any discrimination of the minority , despite it being technically undemocratic . 
  there is no secure establishment in the case you want to adopt . 
  in case of absolute democracy , for example , gay rights could very well be annulled in our country ... only veto/nullify seems a good idea . 
  same with raising its own legislation , however in practice i see it as non-probable . 
  otherwise agreed , but the majority should n't have the right to restrict the rights of the minority . 
   well , that is debatable :-) please provide non-ridiculous arguments this time . 
   not necessarily , but i agree that it would make more sense for the house of commons to mostly just veto and nullify in case of need , so no requirement to give majority acceptance . 
  agreed , otherwise nothing would ever get adopted . 
  and i absolutely support this public vetoing mechanism . 
  however to call it a second assembly of the parliament , would be a bit far-fetched in this case . 
  yes , but a mathematician can only do so much in influencing politics and legislation . 
  you are good in imposing strategies , but you utterly fail to see real life and the reason why parliamentary process has evolved the way it has . 
  you may ridicule law and politology education all you want , but at least i am knowledgeable how things actually work and have at least decent ideas how to make them better . 
  your ideas however are n't however thought-through . 
  and my point remains - if you have a specific education and want to explain your specific ideas using that specific knowledge , then you really need to be able to explain things to everybody , who has no or little clue of what you 're talking about . 
  failing to do that only portrays hyped intelligence . 
   both the coalition and the opposition are part of the establishment . 
  which is a problem , obviously . 
  now that is beyond any reasonable logic . 
  there will always be unofficial confidential information . 
  people do n't tell you everything about their daily lives or how they plan to do things . 
  you are naive if you wait anything more . 
  again , what private information is being traded by the mps ? 
  please provide examples of what unofficial confidential information they are holding back that they should n't . 
  with multiple houses like how ? 
  what bills would the people have to vote on and what not ? 
  your theory is a little vague . 
  the amount of legislation is a little high in estonia , yet by your standards almost nothing would ever get done . 
  your whole theory is ridiculously flawed . 
  because by naivist terms : any foreign troops in your territory = occupation . 
  if western europeans had to actually pay for this , then they 'd finally think about using their own men . 
  because you could go nuts with these . 
  two south estonian dialects are also non-intelligible for the rest of estonians . 
  modern languages exist on two levels - one is the dominant standard language and the other is the dominant dialect . 
  in estonia for example , the entire ethnic estonian nation speaks standard estonian , yet it was developed from only the northern dialects , which have in turn now died out and only 3/4 of the southern dialects exist as regional dialects today . 
  switzerland is only nominally a confederation though . 
  it 's a regular federation . 
  60 % of the 30 % that voted ) of one member state vetoed it . 
  what a day for democracy ... 
  what 's non-democratic about it ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.torusos.ee/gallery/1/mcdonalds%20viru.png ) sacrilege in the old town of tallinn . 
  some more interesting finds from estonia in recent years : - [ ancient stone graves from around 900 bc ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/11458476.jpg ) , found during the construction of a major highway in 1982 ; - [ soviet tank with german markings ] ( http://www.rense.com/general75/germ2.htm ) , pulled from a random bog lake in 2000 ; - [ remains of a viking ship ] ( http://y.delfi.ee/norm/160345/11975443_ibbajl.jpeg ) , found in 2008 right next to a secondary highway ; - [ viking-era treasure ] ( http://epl.delfi.ee/news/eesti/fotod-kouelt-leiti-jarjekordne-viikingiaegne-aare?id=66646737 ) , found by some guy in his yard in 2013 ; - [ biggest roman-era treasure ever found in estonia ] ( http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/fotod-rakvere-lahedalt-leiti-kopsakas-aardesaak-rooma-rauaajast?id=71217975 ) , found in 2015 at my friend 's farmland ( hint : estonia was never under the roman empire ) . 
  much logical would be to have most issues decided by the relative majority of the parliament and the second assembly only being able to repeal a law . 
  demanding the majority of the people to make a click to approve of a law is plain idiotic . 
  we would get nowhere with that . 
   i strongly disagree with that . 
  then you grossly overestimate the intelligence of the general populace . 
   actually , it is very likely that the regular people are more informed on the issues and on the majority will of the citizenry than do paet and r\u00f5ivas . 
  oh gosh , you can not be so naive . 
   nope . 
  no limits should be allowed . 
  the majority of the citizenry has to be able to decide on anything within their realm ( except the right to give up direct democracy ) . 
  tyranny of the majority . 
  no way this could ever be allowed . 
  democracy is not only the rule of the majority , it is also the safeguarding of any minority . 
   but the result is called do you mean that the majority would have to approve of every decision before it is adopted ? 
  so uninteresting issues wo n't get regulated at all ? 
  seriously , am i talking to a 17 year old here ? 
  we live in the real world with lots of uninteresting issues . 
  so what if they are part of the established system ? 
  it is both the coalition and the opposition - they are equal in this issue . 
  some information is definitely not public , but that 's relatively rare in parliamentary work . 
   private information is being traded with , for the benefit of the rich . 
  evidence ? 
   no , it is their job to inform the citizenry , not to keep that information private . 
  actually , it 's not . 
  there are specific positions for that , plus the government , plus the media . 
  mps are not public broadcasters . 
   there are ways to lower transaction costs for decisionmaking and voting . 
  then provide them , do n't be shy . 
   there are helmets on the market that can read your thought decision . 
  we are in the real world right now . 
  smartphone voting is possible , yet in every issue ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that ... 
  how does the eu classify the baltic states again ? 
  is there such a thing ? 
  and i am fine with you following the general standards of the concept , but i am not fine with the general standard of the concept itself nor with you commenting on the issue you seem to know little about . 
  relatively many people in the nordics see estonia as nordic . 
  some are quite strongly against labeling us like that and claim like `` what are you doing ? 
  you are baltic ! '', 
  but quite often they change their stance when they hear the reasons for the claims of estonia being nordic . 
  like , we can all have strong opinions about different issues , but we have to support them with arguments . 
  and if they see that the arguments to consider finland nordic mostly apply to estonia as well , then it becomes a little odd to continue fighting on the issue . 
  now i 'm not saying that all people in the nordic countries feel that way , but most of them ( and of not only them ) know relatively little about estonia for their opinions to strongly matter on the issue . 
  if they do know the arguments behind the estonian claim and still refute estonia being nordic , then that 's another issue , but i 've seen this sort of behavior more from latvians and lithuanians than from any nordic peoples . 
  i am sorry , i think i gave the reasons somewhere else then . 
  first , there 's [ this ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) and there are also some reasons i myself once collected : - estonian is a finnic language , not a baltic language ; - estonian vikings ( oesellians in latin/english ) had close friendly and unfriendly contacts with the scandinavian vikings ; - several or entire estonian territories belonged to sweden or denmark in 1219-1346 and 1559-1710 , the swedish period is still referred to as `` the good old swedish times '' ; - the danish national flag allegedly fell from the sky during the battle with estonians in modern tallinn in 1219 . 
  even today , the coat of arms of tallinn and the surrounding harju county depict the danish dannebrog flag . 
  the coat of arms of estonia is basically the danish coat of arms without the crowns of the danish monarchy ; - the name of the capital tallinn is thought to derive from `` taani linn '' or `` danish town/burg/castle '' , as the danes built the first stone castle in tallinn and a town started to grow during the danish times ; - estonians are traditionally lutheran ; - estonians fought in the finnish winter war and especially the continuation war and there were finnish , swedish and danish volunteer units in the estonian war of independence ; - estonians share their national anthem melody with finland ; - there was a swedish minority in western estonia until 1944 and even today many local place names in vormsi and noarootsi parishes and naissaar island are actually swedish names . 
  there was even a swedish political party in the parliament in the interwar period ; - approximately 80,000 estonians fled to the west in 1944 , many to sweden and germany . 
  although many left for further west , tens of thousands remained in sweden . 
  there was an active expatriate estonian life in sweden and still is , with many estonian organizations . 
  there are approximately 26,000 estonians left in sweden . 
  the estonian government in exile had its headquarters in oslo , norway ; - a lot of cultural similarity with finland and also quite a lot with sweden . 
  for example we celebrate yule ( j\u00f5ulud ) instead of christmas . 
  the sauna originates just as much from estonia as it does from finland . 
  also , estonians share much of the cuisine with sweden and finland , although we have also much of the cuisine similar to germany and russia , due to different occupations ; - estonians self designate themselves as nordic people , rather than baltic people .
