  russians understand that estonians are protestant - being religious and believing in god is what matters to many of them . 
  til a meme , thanks for that . 
  however religious people are and will remain unintelligent and that 's a sad fact . 
  not many for sure . 
  however you need to understand that newton was extremely smart , * for his era * . 
  most today 's scientists know far more than newton did . 
  plus during his era it was still not really pc to be irreligious . 
  do n't bother , they will call you an edgy teenager and think they 're on the right side of history ... 
   have never been religious , used to think people that were religious were less intelligent . . when i was a teenager . 
  and why did you stop ? 
  the older and more educated i get , the more and more i think that religious people are unintelligent . 
   this is only a thing you tell yourself to feel better and superior you know i really do n't care about that ... 
  well i had to answer all of the unintelligent people arguing with me . 
   how about ignorance towards people who hold different views from your own ignorance ? 
  i know what religions are about - i probably know more about them generally than most religious people . 
  but the fact remains - if you seriously believe in a fairy tale ** without any evidence ** , then you are an unintelligent person . 
  how is that even related to nationalism ? 
  then what the heck is this even ? 
  how can you be religious and not believe the fairy tales that come together with that religion ? 
  serious question . 
  no , there are facts that support this , unlike for there being a god . 
  how is that edgy , it 's a fact . 
  go and read my other comments - many still consider the term `` atheism '' as something sovietish , so they are mostly irreligious . 
  and yes - being religious does mean that you are less religious . 
   his beliefs being the absolute truth . 
  lack of beliefs . 
  i do n't know any absolute truth , that 's why i do n't believe in religious nonsense like you perhaps . 
  could be , but it depends on what you mean by `` us '' . 
  i do n't consider russians as part of `` us '' and there 's just no way ethnic estonians are more religious than czechs . 
   you can believe in god and still be a '' `` realistic '' '' critical thinker there 's an error of logic here . 
  because russia knows how to manipulate . 
  the old towns are very different though . 
  tallinn is the oldest - an early medieval hanseatic town with preserved town walls . 
  riga is a mix of medieval and art nouveau , with a far more cosmopolitan vibe and vilnius is more baroque . 
  you believe in some fairy tale without any evidence . 
  that 's close to the definition of unintelligent . 
  you believe in some fairy tale without any evidence . 
  that 's close to the definition of unintelligent . 
  you believe in some fairy tale without any evidence . 
  that 's close to the definition of unintelligent . 
  being religious means that you are less intelligent though . 
  most irreligious / least religious . 
  the term `` atheism '' still has negative stigmas for many older people because of what the word meant during the soviet occupation . 
  being religious is far worse among the ethnic estonian youth at least . 
  how else would he secure the votes of the russian voters ? 
  well i doubt it 's the diplomats , who take turns to take the night shifts at the security gate ... 
  well , still stronger than the estonian air force , i 'm afraid . 
  imagine if there are 36 us diplomats in russia and one is left there alone , wondering where the hell is everybody . 
  there is no estonification - estonians are n't interested in estonianizing the russians . 
  however their estonian language skills had been horrible and therefore ethnic russian youths had worse chances to succeed into universities , that 's why there were plans to make their general education bilingual . 
  such actions were supported by many russian schools . 
  our father in the white house , hollowed by your name . 
  your wall come , your will be done , in europe as it is in america . 
  give us our daily defense , and forgive us our relations with russia , as we also have forgiven russian crimes on us . 
  and lead us not into aggression , but deliver us from independence . 
  for yours is nato , and the power , and the glory , for the next five years and the next five after that . 
  i understand that there is a difference between being financed by a foreign state and being financed by the home state in the language of the foreign state , but still . 
  schools that provide education predominantly in russian . 
  not all schools have gone over to estonian language education or have retained russian language education in some subjects . 
  wonder if we should close our russian schools as a nato countermeasure . 
  is it for georgia though ? 
   tired of their whiny-aggressive comments . 
  could you be more stereotypical ? 
  i 'm only counting 33 . 
  but . . butt ... 
  it 's supposed to resemble the soviet era runway , that 's the point . 
  it was a soviet-era air force runway , a potential target of us nuclear bombs even . 
  you can still see it on [ this map ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/place/estonian+national+museum/@58.3975175,26.7523179,2276m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x3b484674469f1cea!8m2!3d58.3952942!4d26.7442793 ) . 
  this `` little factoid '' would change the judgment radically . 
  it 's an unrealistic business plan anyway - to serve all households in one night . 
  alone !, 
  if the murder had been a direct reaction to finding out about these abuses - perhaps she would have deserved the pardon . 
  if she did it out of revenge eventually , long after finding out , then there is no excuse . 
   in it 's most severe form it can lead to nationalistic fever , ethnic cleansing and manifestation of a condition known as chetnik . 
  and as always , anal leakage . 
  is it near bielefeld by any chance ? 
  also quite clearly the post-socialist elderly is not that much into internet . 
  estonia even with its russian minority included has the most elderly internet users among them though . 
  no green energy resources and loads of extremely cheap oil shale for estonia . 
  energy independence is more important than green energy . 
  [ wow ] ( https://zippy.gfycat.com/blankscarceafricanporcupine.webm ), 
  exactly what russia has been doing for almost a century . 
  could someone explain his accent ? 
  where is he from ? 
  you would get banned for spewing hatred and posting western propaganda . 
  how so ? 
  the first ideas came in 1948 i think , but was really implemented en masse by the 1950s . 
   in the last 12 years the us has gobbled up nearly all the former pro-russia satellite states in europe . 
  by gobbled up do you mean freewillingly joined to get the fuck out of russia 's sphere of influence ? 
  russia has no right to these territories !, 
  how is that a fallacious comparison ? 
  how is russia that much different from nazi germany in its foreign policy ? 
  yeah , we were let into nato , now we want collective defense too . 
  what assholes we are !, 
  the radical right wing and pro-russian left ( i.e. 
  mostly russians ) was pro-trump . 
  no sane estonian was pro-trump though . 
  imagine all the liberty . 
  serbs deserved kosovo to be taken away , there 's the difference . 
   you 're not gon na be running to russia with open arms well duh , but the russian media will nevertheless claim that you did .
