  right and wrong are not subjects of popular vote . 
  i mean , i 'd like to think that you not understanding it is because you have no proper education on the subject , yet i think any feasible mind could understand this concept even without the education . 
  your problem is that you only see quantitative reasons behind everything . 
  yet another , qualitative parameter exists as well and you utterly fail to recognize that . 
   if you believe that things can work only one way , then you are merely indoctrinated . 
  nope , not one way . 
  but definitely not the way you suggested either . 
  first , could you please explain in simple words , what is binominal distribution ? 
  then what the hell do you mean by `` probability of democracy '' ? 
  i do n't think the latter is an actual concept . 
  i think there 's almost anything . 
  german shepherds and retrievers and all sorts of mixed breeds are quite common here . 
  the [ estonian hound ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_hound ) exists , but it 's not very common . 
  you already are * t\u0161ehhi * for us , 
  i am so tired of this unintelligent argument . 
  no government in europe is elected . 
  the commission is essentially an executive organ , as it proposes the bills and the elected parliament votes on them . 
  that 's how things are done in every member state , so why should the union be any different ? 
  plus , you can affect how the commission is composed - by voting in your national elections . 
  what is your point ? 
  be concrete !, 
  my claim was that languages have both a dominant standard form and regional dialects . 
  i do n't really see how this is n't true for english . 
  me going to stay in london in yorkshire are hardly going to change my opinion about it . 
  english is not the only language in the world where dialects differ from each other vastly . 
  and there still exists a standard language as well . 
  you mean to tell that no standard english exists ? 
  because it was me , who claimed that there are dominant regional dialects ... 
  there still exists a dominant standard language , regardless of how prevalent regional dialects are . 
  fin ** n ** s, 
   parties are partial and part of the establishment . 
  parties are partial ? 
   they trade with decision power ( and mostly not with the citizens ) . 
  it is two additional layers of obfuscation away from direct democracy . 
  they represent the ideas of the people and are therefore good for the system . 
   lol . 
  yeah . 
  do you really expect others to believe that ? 
  believe what you want with your lack of legal education . 
   there is an industry for loopholes . 
  there is demand as well . 
  which industrial district are the main factories ? 
   it is not just those two options . 
  oh please enlighten me . 
   same-sex legislation . 
  an utterly good idea . 
   or was it ? 
  that 's what the government claimed . 
  i am fine with that , why are n't you ? 
  you are specifically choosing to believe a propaganda newspaper and its conspiracy theories . 
   are you going to deny preparations that started around 3 years ago ? 
  what preparations then ? 
   my eyes are open . 
  and i am against the establishment . 
  if you open your eyes too much , your brain could fall out . 
   you fear the swarm intelligence of the citizenry , yet you trust the swarm intelligence of the establishment . 
  there is a class conflict between the two . 
  i fear how easily manipulated the masses are . 
  i fear that you want people deciding on issues they have no knowledge about . 
  if we hire specialists to do deciding for us in private matters , then why do you want to involve the masses to make every decision . 
  it is a horribly unintelligent solution . 
   there is a class conflict between the two . 
  no there is not , the establishment is not carved in stone and the public chooses a new establishment every four years . 
   the beauty of my proposal is that the house of the commons can always change their majority decision , all the issues would remain open for voting . 
  that exists in parliament as well ... 
  plus , an empire has two meanings : a country of any size ruled by an emperor and an overly large chauvinistic country . 
   thus the federation of switzerland is still much more confederate than any other federation . 
  again , only nominally . 
   any such add-on principles have been made up by the establishment . 
  for a bloody good reason . 
   there is no higher democratic principle than the will of the majority oh yes there is . 
  it 's called equal treatment . 
   i already did . 
  nope . 
  you still have n't given me the specific reason to not have relative majority voting . 
   devise and propose and vote on their own legislation , if desired . 
  i do n't mind it , yet i imagine it rarely happening . 
  also , what would happen if it is in conflict with a preceding legislation ? 
   house of establishment seriously , you using such terms only makes you look less intelligent . 
   others might have their own opinion . 
  very well , but my opinions have actually something to do with reality . 
   my prior claims still stand : for understanding how things actually work one would require understanding of math , statistics , operations research , decision theory , game theory and much more . 
  without such understanding one would simply be indoctrinated , nothing more . 
  perhaps . 
  perhaps not . 
  in order for us to understand life in general we would need knowledge in different aspects of study . 
  your education makes you more knowledgeable in composing strategies etc , while you still lack basic understanding of how our legislation works and why it works that way . 
   using binomial distribution to check the probability of democracy in `` representative democracy '' on eu matters should be understandable for high school youth ( or even junior high ) you are clearly wrong here . 
   you want to reject any such ideas outright i agreed on the popular veto mechanism . 
  the rest is relatively ridiculous . 
  i just do n't understand what do you have against the concept of an already existing political party ? 
  law loopholes are hardly ever intentional . 
  tax evasions are either legal and known publicly or are criminal . 
  future developments are not definite . 
  that 50k immigrants was just incorrect information . 
  could you imagine the shitstorm in estonia ? 
  no sane politician would agree to it . 
  and of course the newspaper to claim such idiocy was pealinn ... because many of your claimed alternatives are plain stupid . 
  no , your theory of the absolute personal participation in decisionmaking is ridiculously flawed , you seeing conspiracy ghosts everywhere is flawed , you being blindly against the establishment is flawed . 
  i fear too many decisionmaking rights to people , who do n't know what they are deciding upon .
