  gta vice city . 
  yet estonian does distinguish between them : - country : * eesti * - person : * eestlane * ( ethnic estonians ) / * eestimaalane * ( all residents ) - language : * eesti * - adjective : * eesti *, 
   adjective describing snow that has become soft and slightly moist because of warmer weather and that can be used to make snowballs or snowmen * sula *  hanki : a layer of snow on the ground * lumevaip * / * lumekiht *  pakkanen : temperature that 's colder than 0 \u00b0 celsius * pakane *  tykky : hardened clumps of snow on tree branches * lumet\u00fckid *  vihta/vasta : a bundle of birch branches which you use to slap yourself in a sauna because it 's relaxing * viht *  puukko : a type of work knife . 
  the finnish word for stabbing , `` puukottaa '' is derived from the word puukko * puss *  kalsarik\u00e4nnit : literally : underpants drunkenness , when you get drunk alone at home wearing nothing but boxers that we really do n't have , 
  same in here . 
  that 's why russian names top the `` popularity lists '' in estonia , because their names vary very little while our names vary a lot . 
   attempt the deportation of millions of illegal immigrants we really have our own problems to worry about . 
   trade war with china we really have our own problems to worry about . 
   leaving nato holy fucking shit , we 're gon na die !, 
  :o  responding to iranian provocation on the sea with deadly force . 
  we really have our own problems to worry about . 
  i like watching your shows with subtitles , where they translate some profanities [ loosely ] into estonian . 
  words like dickhead , cock etc. 
  are so nice to read in subtitles , 
  well considering we have like 50 of them and i would n't imagine a lazy person who is not willing to integrate wanting to settle in a country with almost no free welfare nor without an actual muslim community ( which is mostly tatars , so barely religious ) , then no , * we * have n't had any problems with them . 
   because of fucking shit urban planning oh yeah , this is another really weird thing about the us . 
  whenever you want , but usually either on friday or saturday , or a bit calmer one on sunday . 
  it 's in the fridge and the hole is small , so it does n't really go bad any quicker than an already opened ( and thereafter closed ) carton milk . 
  indeed as someone else commented already . 
  that over-the-top politeness might be a customer service thing , while over-the-top friendliness can be generalized for the entire population . 
  true , but knowledge of international affairs is still weaker in the us i presume . 
  hmm , i did n't really know that . 
  could it really be true that americans would really overcompensate and be that much more over-the-top friendly when abroad ? 
  what ugly american stereotype though ? 
  weird thing is that although some americans may have the stereotype that every european likes to bash americans and that everyone in europe hates them for some reason , it is n't really so . 
  it 's just that you have some really really weird cultural differences with the rest of the western world . 
  could actually be so . 
  that piercing thing is seriously far less of a problem than you guys seem to think ... and why do you need to close it ? 
   this is an utterly meaningless statement . 
  how is it so ? 
  among western nations i have n't encountered another such a religious society . 
   so is this , there is no context here . 
  oh , so you simply do n't understand what the problem is with majoritarian electoral system ? 
  see a video [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo ) . 
   mindless reddit meme . 
  no it is not . 
  nowhere else in the world are you considered an asshole if you do n't tip . 
   another meaningless reddit meme . 
  what exactly makes it meaningless ? 
  counter the claim then !, 
  is it not so in the us ? 
  perhaps , but it is so often in different sources where i see that americans know very little of the world . 
   what the fuck is this even supposed to mean ? 
  large cars , the [ largest of everything ] ( http://www.worldslargestthings.com/wllist.htm ) is a tourist attraction etc. 
   reddit meme , lots of gun nuts on here , none in day to day life . 
  none in day to day life in which part of the us ? 
   this is bullshit . 
  have you ever been outside the us ? 
   another meaningless reddit meme . 
  how is it meaningless ? 
  the us is one of three countries to not use the international system of units . 
  the other two are liberia and myanmar ...  more bullshit the us has universal healthcare , legally defined minimum vacation and maternity leave ? 
  source please !, 
   with a topping of bullshit . 
  yeah , could be , but only to a degree . 
   i do n't really think countering your statements is something that 's possible because it 's a subjective question . 
  but a few of these are generalizations that do n't really apply to most americans ( especially those on reddit ) . 
  that could very well be true . 
  `` strong , weirdly acting minorities '' influence how we see a population from afar . 
   religion is not that pervasive in our national culture . 
  that 's ... really really difficult to believe . 
  atheism has been the biggest reason not to vote for a candidate for a long time ...  a lot of americans are familiar with world geography , but the physical distance from these contries can make it hard to remember which i understand to a degree . 
   `` obssession '' with size and guns are things that , again , not all that common yet i think for a relatively big part of the country these are common and they influence our perception of the us in general . 
   i keep seeing the politeness thing , but i 've never spent that much time in continental europe so i really have nothing to compare it to . 
  it is sort of a thing when you meet americans , not all of them of course , but you ca n't see such over-the-top polite people here . 
   maybe it 's a north america thing because i feel we 're on par with canada and mexico . 
  not sure you are , but to a degree perhaps . 
  ca n't say i 've met many mexicans and the canadians i 've met have mostly been estonian canadians . 
   vacation and materinity leave are mandated on a state level instead of a national level so do all states then have state-level minimum vacation times and maternity leave ? 
  that has been my experience with every american i 've met . 
  yeah , as long as such things happen in the us , we have a legitimate right to call it weird ... 
  yeah , it is known . 
  i would expect an american to counter these statements if he finds them to be incorrect . 
  well fine , the cursing part may be off , but which ones were also incorrect ? 
  but why not say the word `` fuck '' and show nipples ? 
  ok , perhaps things have changed and this is only the perception . 
  plus , it 's not like we do n't regulate cursing on tv at all . 
  been to liechtenstein , andorra and monaco . 
  they seem to manage well , i have no problem with them . 
  that tax haven thing should be abolished though . 
  i 'm sorry , they are all fairly equally stupid : - religion - majoritarian electoral system - tipping culture - taxes that are not shown within the price - weak knowledge of geography - obsession with size - obsession with firearms - excessive politeness - imperial units - no universal health care , no vacation at all , no maternity leave etc. . - absolutely no cursing on television edit : - general loudness ( could be said there 's such a north/south difference in europe as well ), 
  well up until 1917 the war did n't much affect estonia and even then , only the islands were occupied . 
  but as they say about estonians : `` first you ca n't get them going , but then you can not get them to stop ... '' but the estonian war of independence campaigns in latvia are an interesting piece of history . 
  they wanted to march into riga , but when the antante did n't allow them , they turned off the water supply for riga :d and the estonian cavalry regiment even reached across daugava at jekabpils . 
  usually everyone gets as much as the law states . 
  teachers get more perhaps . 
  guests are usually treated well , with lots of food and with enough conversation ( even if the quiet estonians have to force themselves into it ) . 
  you are usually invited to the living or dining room and an invitation can happen any time of the day really , but of course usually after lunch . 
  you should arrive within 15 minutes of the promised time . 
  you should leave about half an hour after cake is served , especially in larger events . 
  of course if it 's a sauna night , then there really are no such rules ... you will not be much hosted , but you will get lots of conversation . 
  [ edgar savisaar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edgar_savisaar ) , suspended mayor of tallinn , probably outgoing chairman of the pro-russian estonian centre party . 
  i mean , he 's fat and has only got one leg , but can we enter with him ? 
  rarely , and most of the time it 's either the farmers , the dairy industry or medical workers . 
  - some crazy shit happening in europe -  - yeah , down with the czar !, 
  -  - yeah , [ autonomy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autonomous_governorate_of_estonia ) !!!, 
  -  - wtf russia , what 's up with you and communism ?? 
  -  - shit , the war 's getting closer : s -  - shit-shit , the germans are here every day , better declare independence soon !, 
  -  - yeah , we 're independent !, 
  never mind , here come the germans , but at least we 'll get rid of the communists .
