  or anyone , for the matter . 
  i 'm not sure why a nation would be so altruistic and side with the evil , which is worse for them , but is against the other evil that is worse for most others . 
  i 'm not saying everyone else enjoyed plenty of food , but was it indeed so that a lot of people were contained in famine areas ? 
  that is a genocide , there 's no other words for it . 
  plus , you brought ethnic russians in after that time , so ... 
  so should this twin city ever become a reality , are finns ok with the name talsinki ( estonian : talsingi ) or are you insisting on hellinn ( finnish : hellinna ) ? 
  yeah i 'm quite sure such price differences wo n't last forever . 
  for some reason there are entire heartless nations at russian borders then ... 
  were the intentional restrictions on movement from famine-struck villages in effect anywhere outside ukraine as well though ? 
  because they were n't . 
   tell me how many people were killed by soviet union and back that with sources . 
  there are many sources under [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_repression_in_the_soviet_union#loss_of_life ) . 
   i shall do the same when counting the victims of germany . 
  what famine are you talking about ? 
  it 's not like every famine was politically organized like the soviet famine in ukraine . 
  estonian is both a nationality and an ethnicity , in estonian context it is first an ethnicity and then a nationality . 
  people of the same nationality can belong to a wide variety of ethnic groups and only about 70 % of people of estonia belong to a finnic ethnic group . 
   there 's no such thing as estonian ethnicity in my book . 
  that is purely your personal problem , i ca n't help you with that . 
   i ca n't find anything about estonian as ethnicity on google either . 
  lol . 
  quite honestly it is ridiculous how touchy we are on the subject after all this time . 
  however this is purely because of the fact that every day we have to see people claiming none of these horrible events happened or that the soviets somehow liberated us and that there was no occupation . 
  we would have come to deal with our history far better if russia did n't continue to deny its crimes and if it had stopped its imperialist rhetoric . 
  that 's why for us these are not 75 year old issues , these are very contemporary issues up until this day . 
  ironically also by far the biggest supporters and mourners . 
  yes , but these are strictly roles , he is portraying this as his own personality , so it 's a completely different thing . 
  if a person is breaking the law , is n't the adequate response to fine her or in extreme case take her to the police station or arrest her ? 
  i mean , forcing her to remove clothes does n't seem like an adequate response here ... 
   how present lithuanian can write such things knowing today , that back then 85 % of them were supposed to be removed by germans ? 
  because these were hypothetical plans , which never came to reality . 
  soviet repressions however were the reality and defined how these nations saw the two evils , despite knowing about the hypothetical nazi plans now . 
  because the old bear does n't change . 
  devolved government = / = independence though . 
  maybe this is irrelevant ? 
   that 's pretty convenient position . 
  too bad it does n't translate too well to millions of russian victims of stalinizm and their relatives . 
  i never said russians did n't suffer under that regime , but the revolution was started by russians in russia , it was controlled by russians from the russian capital and it sought russification policies as its primary tool of assimilation . 
  plus the state , which the most mourns the lost ussr , is well ... russia . 
  no apparently i 'm just a nazy sympathizer even though the soviets really did kill my great grandfather ... 
  how am i trying to disregard everything negative said about the nazis ? 
  i merely pointed out that the soviets killed my great grandfather . 
  the day is about the victims of both stalinism and nazism or am i wrong ? 
  the eu has recognized holodomor as a crime against humanity and 14 states consider it a genocide . 
   its not . 
  it 's famine . 
  you act like a famine could n't have been a genocide . 
   soviet government did n't take any significant action to ease the situation but that does not make them comparable to nazis oh it sure does . 
   who had an industralied , brutal and well organized system for murdering their victims . 
  killing methods are barely relevant here . 
  murder is murder . 
   false . 
  6 million is the number of jews killed . 
  the total death count is around 11 million . 
  and this still does n't include those millions killed all over eastern europe by wehrmacht and ss . 
  in the war ? 
  perhaps . 
  still less than the ussr though . 
   i really doubt it , the people in the soviet union had been selectively relocated en masse for the past century . 
  so much that when i was in russia a few months ago i could see finnish , mediterranean , and slavic looking people even in relatively remote areas . 
  so , perhaps these people were finns , greeks and russians ? 
  people living in the same land are n't automatically mixed . 
  what ? 
  sorry , that 's just not the case in estonia . 
  i believe most estonians would say that you are an estonian if one of your parents is an estonian . 
  the exceptions where a person has no estonian ancestry , yet speaks estonian without an accent and is assimilated into the estonian society , are very rare . 
  well i was raised in the very same area in tallinn , yet i do n't really speak russian . 
  yeah sure , but none of these lithuanians knew of the secret nazi plans , they only knew what both sides had done to them so far . 
  if the artillery is too close , then yes . 
  however there 's no reason to tell for sure , i 've never been under artillery fire , that 's not really something they can do in the army unless there is a war , 
  sure , let a few decades old immigrant minority rule the country instead of the indigenous majority that has lived in the country for thousands of years ... 
   how ? 
  why ? 
  was there some sort of segregation ? 
  well , yes . 
  it was called serfdom . 
  the russian empire era did n't see a big russian immigration actually . 
  the local baltic german rule had an autonomous status and they themselves were relatively separated from estonians as well as they were different classes of people . 
   estonia is small so ? 
   has no natural borders look at the map for once . 
   and is bordering with other slavic nations only one actually . 
   it 's pretty hard to believe there was n't mixing . 
  of course there was mixing , but most likely far more with balts and germans and perhaps the same degree of mixing than with scandinavians and finns . 
   so they mixed . 
  says who ? 
   says the guy who is trying to , who knows why , prove the racial purity of its country against a thousand years of history . 
  holy shit . 
  i do n't know where race came into it , but if you meant some sort of `` ethnic purity '' then i 'm sorry , but this is the last thing an estonian would claim , knowing our history . 
   i want an academic source for this claim . 
  i 'm not in the need of doing dirty work for you . 
  go and search about mass repression in the soviet union and you will find your answers . 
   and do you realize that unintentional deaths such as ones from famine do not count ? 
  what if that famine is considered to be a genocide of its own ? 
   do you know how many people were killed in the holocaust ? 
  the generally accepted number is around 6 million though . 
   and pitiful german crusaders who massacred them and became their another direct ancestors were estonians and finns too ? 
  do you think estonians are finnicized germans ? 
   well , they are known now . 
  you missed with this one . 
   how so ?
