  if you consider that the amount of people doing the ruling is gradual , then you can see that bigger countries use per capita less resources for governing than smaller countries . 
  governance in iceland or in andorra would be more expensive per capita than in bigger states . 
  states being sustainable in the long run is not only based on economic terms - it 's much rather about having bigger cultural differences in bigger countries , plus in the old times infrastructure played a role as it was difficult to defend the furthermost regions of the empire from the capital . 
  indeed , estonia showed a great growth when compared to the previous [ shitty ] quarter . 
  shit , estonia and finland , you ok ? 
  one of the lowest growths in eu compared to the same quarter last year with only 0.9 % and 0.7 % growth . 
  most western countries have something called single parent support or lost provider support when the child is a young grownup . 
   it usually is no it is not . 
  if it is , then the child is in troublesome conditions and could be taken from the mother anyway . 
  if the father denies paying and forceful seizure of his money is impossible , then and only then should it be provided from state funds . 
  you are disregarding exponential change . . 
  that 's indeed why you need to distribute managing to lower levels as one supervisor has a tougher time supervising a large area and a lot of people . 
  however you still can not claim that having a small size is the reason why `` you can and we ca n't '' . 
  i just think that you are making a bit wrong conclusions . 
  based on your first paragraph i 'd conclude that the baltics have better infrastructure . 
  and about the russian minority . . 
  it 's still a touchy subject . 
  if you look at the different migration and birthrate patterns , then local russians move away far more easily , return far more seldom and give birth to fewer children . 
  in a couple of decades , the share of estonians will most likely rise to 75 % and the share of russians will drop to 20 % as a huge share of russians are either middle aged or the elderly - the young generation is sort of missing . 
  now a huge share of russians are integrated - so that you 'd find it difficult to distinguish , who is estonian and who is russian . 
  it 's a weird social phenomenon that in the last 20 years a lot of estonians emerged , who had russian [ sur ] names - they were just integrated russians . 
  yet there are loads of russians , who have n't integrated and most likely never will . 
  the elderly will never integrate , but there are also 20 year old russians from narva or sillam\u00e4e with little knowledge of estonian and little understanding of estonian society and culture . 
  it 's hard to say what will happen to them - many will leave for europe , some back to russia . 
  some will stay and live their quite and disappointed lives . 
  at least there are now loads of examples of recently integrated estonians , like the singer [ tanja mihhailova ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wi9q1ufjooe ) , who spoke little estonian before her fame and thought little of estonian culture and society , yet has sort of discovered the ethnic estonian part of her home country and is a good example to others . 
  same goes for ethnic russian government ministers , which would have been unheard of in the 1990s newly independent estonia . 
  probably the attitude of estonians themselves divides russian on the integration issue a lot . 
  most estonians including me are extremely hostile towards russian immigrants , who refuse to integrate , yet in the same time extremely friendly towards whoever has adequately learned the estonian language and integrated into the estonian society . 
  for area , of course . 
  it 's about gdp density in that sense . 
  but that really does n't apply for the baltic states with relatively sparse population ... 
   the scale of possible resistance to this is immediately bigger . 
  but that 's where i disagree . 
  resistance exists in smaller countries as well and it takes less resistance to make an impact . 
  a protest with 1,000 people may stop a bill in estonia , but probably not in france . 
   obvious and that 's where i disagree . 
  it rather seems that often the `` your country is so little , so it must be easy '' is an excuse that has no basis in reality . 
  paternal surrender as an option would leave the child with one financial caretaker . 
  it is n't about the rights of the mother or the rights of the father , it is about the rights of the child . 
  and the money would n't be used in her advantage , but in the child 's advantage . 
  in what sense ? 
  the amount of `` things '' that you need to change is essentially the same and political resistance per capita is also the same ... 
  there is no sexist double standard , there are biological differences . 
  a man can not demand a woman do a dangerous procedure like that . 
  if they had sex , the man might have pay alimony , simple as that . 
  there is no sexism here . 
  small states may also not be that homogeneous ... 
  yet i do n't understand how implementing changes is more expensive in a bigger country ... 
  what exactly is sexist about my beliefs ? 
  i wholly stand by that the main point of alimony is to safeguard the upbringing of the child and both parents should pay their half of that money . 
  if a man does n't want to pay alimony to a child , then he should not have had sex with that woman . 
  and this is coming from a man ... 
  that is true , yet in smaller states all legislation is more expensive because the institutions that change it represent fewer people per capita than in bigger states . 
  i 've never understood that logic . 
  you have more money and more people to do the managing in a bigger state . 
  you are deluded . 
  anyway , that 's how courts decide alimony at least in my country . 
  it does n't matter that the money is spent by only one parent , it is important that the money goes to the parent , who raises the child . 
  they would n't be guilty , but in that case , neither would be the boy as he 'd be too young to be found guilty and his actions were n't willful . 
  the main reason against this is that alimony is not related to the parent 's will , it is purely to protect the interests of the child . 
  and having shared responsibility for the alimony is to protect the interests of the child as well . 
  in other words - if you have sex , then be ready to face the consequences . 
  so , in theory , a 15 year old boy could be accused in statutory rape of a 16 year old girl ? 
  damn ... 
  estonia : quiet with some bird song in the background . 
  and perhaps some car sounds from a distant road . 
  what 's finland doing there ? 
  bad choice of words perhaps :d, 
  to be honest , industrialization in the sense which brought on larger population growth , happened in the second half of the 19th century . . 
  praising stalin should be criminalized just like praising hitler . 
  and we thank you with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=padzosjdps4 ) . 
  i 'd nominate the whole district : [ 1 ] ( http://korall.ee/images/teenused/40/5.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.taevapiltnik.ee/static/body/pildid/pilt_1165.jpg ) . 
  `` russian invasion threat '' is real enough . 
  but this one 's specifically to host [ huge choirs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_song_festivals ) . 
  if nazi germany had used a square as their official symbol , would we now be banning the portrayal of all squares ? 
  who the fuck cares if the symbols are older than nazi symbols and unrelated to them ? 
  why come up with something different than the historical version ? 
   once a law is passed unless it expires it is extremely difficult to undo . 
  that 's the really weird thing about the us , other countries change laws all the time . 
  not all the laws of course , but the situation wo n't become carved in stone . 
  should trump win , would he change it back ? 
  well , we may consider russia european as well at least culturally , but if we are talking about the way it wages a war , then the mental aspect should be considered . 
  ok , these are better examples though i agree , john kerry has been extremely successful as a high ranking diplomat . 
  of course , `` having not screwed up a lot '' and `` stopping a lot of stupid ideas from realizing '' are values too . 
  ( i 'm not even sarcastic actually ) . 
  but not mentally . 
  exactly , people often mix up changes that the leader implemented and changes that happened during someone 's leadership period . 
  other than being the first black us president , has he really achieved something noteworthy , like achieved , not tried to achieve . 
  do the baltic states too !, 
  it should n't take long ... 
  sadly , narrow-minded people in europe ca n't see the potential behind large-scale regional cooperation . 
  or poland and finland in 1939 and the baltic states in 1940 . 
  you actually awake , sweden ? 
  to get remarkably richer , you 'd need an economic miracle , that 's why ... 
  there is all the reason to have bad economy during the war , you are naive if you think otherwise . 
  legitimacy was power of the masses , however in the east it was not the masses , who took power , but armed rebels with russian weaponry and russian and unmarked insignia and with a pre-organized plan to take over the region . 
  and bloodshed in kiev started after the government shot at the protesters . 
  `` eventually '' - like on the first days of the revolution ... 
  yes , have been .
