  shit , [ 1632 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_tartu ) . 
  so close ... 
  parents do n't have the right to put the lives of their and other children into danger . 
  i do n't think you know what integration means . 
  indeed , atheism is seen as the active opposition to believing , while here people just do n't believe and do n't care about these labels . 
   someone tries to speak hungarian well at least you have that going on . 
  that is a truly unintelligent way to view atheism . 
  in a way we are n't . 
  we have a lot more irreligious people than that , but if it 's actually people , who identify as `` atheists '' , then we are still lacking because a good number of people still see the word as something sovietish due to soviet state atheism . 
  why is making the eu `` more democratic '' even necessary ? 
  it is a democratic institution already - people just do n't understand how it works , nor can they adequately compare different political systems . 
   the commissioners will try to make decisions in the interests of the people they represent . 
  one of the core problems with elected officials . 
  the answer is short - no they wo n't !, 
  they will then make decisions based on what the people perceive as their interests with their limited knowledge on the subject . 
  pfft , everyone in estonia and lithuania knows this about latvian roads . 
  finns come alcohol shopping to estonia and it 's huge !, 
  no , the `` alcohol consumption '' is mostly due to tourists buying loads of cheap alcohol in tallinn . 
  and this sculpture is in tartu . 
  sorry for ruining your adequate joke . 
   im talking about your paranoia . 
  lol , the country that formerly occupied us is quite literally invading other countries and suddenly we are `` paranoid '' ...  you still did n't say what actually would russia gain from such a small state . 
  what did it gain in 1940 ? 
  plus , you do n't understand the imperialistic russian rhetoric and the need for a shitty dictator to have foreign policy victories . 
   oh yeah , because nato troops stationed there and in neighbouring countries surely would take weeks to arrive and not hours . 
  yes . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't understand whether you are questioning it or agreeing with it . 
   you did beg again , not biased at all ...  now thats biased , and im not surprised . 
  except the whole civilized world thinks like that . 
  you only have yourselves to blame . 
  i am more the idea man , so yo do the labor . 
  i would like to split the profits though . 
  not [ that deformed ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/93/3e/0f/933e0fe2a2889a0769cf20e08c04e6a5.jpg ) . 
  plus , we have [ plenty of maples ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maple#/media/file:map_genus_acer.png ) here . 
   except all your previous argument is built on an assumption that they basically had no will and no influence on their own , that the ussr completely controlled them . 
  no , that 's not entirely what i meant . 
  puppets are strongly influenced by their puppeteer , but they are still humans . 
  plus in the 1968 case , they did n't go against brezhnev 's general will , they only supported it . 
  plus , it is often so that the followers are more radical in their implementation of the ruler 's orders than the ruler himself would be . 
   i 'm doing neither . 
  probably you 've lost the sight of the initial argument . 
  you are arguing against a simple concept , the `` puppet state '' ... 
  no reason to tell that to me , 
  of course and here i agree . 
  it very often seems that they barely think of public opinion . 
  i am/have been relatively close to eu bureaucracy and i understand that them not being there was n't really that important for legislative or even work administrative purposes , but it sure does leave a mark on bad publicity , unity within the parliament and respect for eu institutions . 
   only in estonian minds it seems . 
  you really have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   oh please , if push comes to shove , im sure you will beg nato for more troops again and remain safe . 
  should russia really do something , it 's sort of too late for that . 
   beg not biased at all , but i sort of saw that coming . 
   yes but the law itself was broken in 2008 . 
  we were talking about them moving there , but then you jumped to a related topic . 
  and yes , it was against the contemporary interpretation of international law . 
  but kosovars deserved independence due to serb hostility , simple as that . 
  holy shit : [ ecuador-peru ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/@-3.497196,-80.2302653,3a,75y,190.46h,91.45t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sygwe26uimuyraiytu5edqa!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , [ latvia-lithuania ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/@56.3881705,22.5553991,3a,75y,305.21h,86.18t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1szjm0ha_vopz1n0uvkl_s6w!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  whenever i see estonia as the top 1 alcohol consumer , it is quite apparent they have also included foreigners buying alcohol in estonia . 
  that 's more like it . 
   suggesting that polish and german leaders affected brezhnev 's decisions looks like soviet propaganda ? 
  you 're funny . 
  where did i say that ? 
  we were talking about them being puppets of the ussr . 
  they were put in charge by the ussr and this was their only legitimacy . 
  of course they were persons with a brain , available to think , available to suggest . 
  gosh ...  mindless puppets i did n't say they were mindless puppets - that is not what a puppet state means ...  regardless , the rules here do n't allow insults , so do behave . 
  justifying or whitewashing crimes against international law is also not allowed . 
   there is also the minor fact that your so called interpretation would hand over the americas to the natives yeah , except that the americas were colonized centuries ago . 
   still have less rights due to their ethnicity is in stark contradiction to the modern concept of human rights . 
  no , you simply do not know what human rights are . 
  they can live there with their own ethnicity , but they can not take the state of the natives away from them simply because they are bigger in numbers . 
   frankly the idea that the opinion of today 's inhabitants have to be ignored in favor of centuries old claims is sickening . 
  no , supporting russification is sickening . 
  we have lived next to this hostile country for thousands of years , barely survived their russification policies and you would want to open a window that would complete their goals ...  as for estonia , their ability to disregard the opinion of the russian immigrants is based on their settlement happening after the establishment of international law prohibiting settlement in an occupied area and a dubious interpretation to regard the soviet era settlement in this way . 
  disregarding their opinion ? 
  that 's not really the case . 
  they are either citizens , who have an equal say , or they are lazy immigrants without citizenship and of course they do n't have a representation in the parliament . 
  but they still would n't have the right to hand estonia over to russia if they were the majority - this would just be the continuation of the crime against international law . 
  and dubious interpretation ? 
  this is the one and only correct interpretation argued against only by the successor state of the ussr . 
   note however that even your country has been forced to accept that the russians settled before 1940 have the same rights as the ethnic estonians . 
  of course they do , but they sure as heck would n't have the right to over-vote estonians in their right to self-determination . 
  but really , this is a rather well-known sculpture among [ the rest of ] estonians . 
  oh god , i did not need to see that today ... 
  du-ude , you should get out of tallinn once in a while . 
  what movie ? 
  it is your liberty not to come . 
  locals are usually fond of it . 
  it was your dear swedes , among other scandinavians , who named the church , not us ... 
  but i see you wanted to insert a meme at any cost , so sorry for the correction . 
  but u/comteduchagrin , you too have mis-spelled tallinn ... 
  that 's * the point * to show them in comparison , where their proportions differ if their height is the same . 
  the issue has n't been entirely settled in international law mostly because of hostile countries like russia wanting to avoid the persecuted indigenous peoples in its territory from getting any rights . 
  but really in your bright mind you would hand over estonia to russia if russia imported its people to estonia , who then would demand a right to self-determination over the minority estonians ? 
  because such a world view would be sickening . 
  you do know this is one of the beloved landmarks of the town , right ? 
  the transport from tallinn-tartu-riga is long as fuck and most people would prefer the bus , plus tartu-riga does n't catch that many travelers . 
  tracks have been quite slow until very recent upgrade in estonia . 
  latvia has n't upgraded its rail transport that much . 
  our [ national grid ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/p9sbhvp1m-qdbsq-fne5edjgxikrlgdmc-mziqizhea.jpg?w=900&amp;s=ca26640188002c6de47663007094f4b6 ) and [ trains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_transport_in_estonia#/media/file:stadler_flirt_keila_jaamas1.jpg ) are actually rather good . 
  the same rights to live , yes .
