  so you would take the same position towards the flying spaghetti monster ? 
   therefore , to say that there definitely is n't a god is just as bad as saying there definitely is . 
  almost nobody is doing that though . 
  there are plenty of unintelligent religious people claiming the opposite though ...  then you really should not be guaranteeing the non-existence of god without any evidence to support your claim . 
  i am not guaranteeing it - i am saying that as long as there has been no shred of evidence to believe - why believe ? 
  and when somebody does believe without any shred of evidence , then that person is by default unintelligent . 
  sure , but it really depends on the context . 
  horrible - as of yet , such people would be alienated by ethnic estonian social groups . 
   poland/lithuania = / = slavic macedonia/hellenic macedonia . 
   unlike the latter two we were one nation and one people , our history is intertwined since union of kr\u0117vo while slavic macedonians have 0 historical ties with ancient macedonian kingdom . 
   all they did is took the name while not being in the og territory of it . 
  because they are the people living in the ancient region of macedonia - what is so difficult to grasp here ? 
  why do you have such an angry opinion on this subject anyway ? 
   it 's like belarus would rename itself poland and claimed every polish history and figure as their own . 
  you still have n't explained what this `` claiming as their own '' concept is about . 
   which was not called macedonia before tito made it to be . 
  do n't really care - it is internationally accepted as such . 
   for germans , it 's perfectly okay , for russians ? 
  what the fuck do russians have to do with immanuel kant to raise statues for him ? 
  because they value his contribution ? 
  do n't you have statues to any foreigners in lithuania ? 
   it 's rather you who making a joke from yourself , since you 're defending history thieves . 
  i ca n't be doing that because you have n't explained what this concept of `` theft of history '' is about . 
   what next you will defend estonian russian minority are actual true estonians ? 
  lol no , but do macedonians claim to be ancient macedonians ? 
   go read their history books and listen to their politicians or just look what statues they are raising . 
  no , that is a cheap way to argue . 
  i wo n't read `` books '' just because some random deluded lithuanian says so on the internet . 
  make concrete claims and back them up with concrete evidence - otherwise , just get out and admit your defeat !, 
  oh , tallinn is just 30 % ( 40 % with the suburban area ) , although they/we often tend to think it 's more like 90 % . 
  fewer russians -  more integrated . 
  of course it is - estonians had a bigger population than finns up until the livonian war . 
  which must mean that education is getting shittier in this aspect . 
  well it is more or less the center of the east coast , where most of the population lives . 
  `` epic estonia '' was one short campaign i think - `` positively surprising '' has been used the most lately . 
  just as with the us - it is far more social than genetic . 
  russians live in poorer conditions and poorer neighborhoods almost always have higher crime rates . 
  plus russia destroyed their elite , the culture vaned and criminal behavior is more accepted . 
   or you are just racist ? 
  think before you speak , ok ? 
  still just a minuscule amount of troops if compared what russia holds on their borders . 
   western side of the iron curtain which was an arbitrary line of western countries that got taken over by the ussr ... 
  think before you speak . 
   most people can not locate on a map . 
  if this is the criteria , there would be no wars in the world , 
  lol , you actually think this does n't have a huge influence on these economies anymore ? 
  as wealthy , indeed , but after your hordes implemented the shitty communist economy , we started to lag behind tens of times if compared to western countries . 
  oh god , if they are , then  50 % of our top players are russian , it would be just idiotic to use football players in that instance . 
  and we have lots of russians - crime rates among them are far far higher than among estonians . 
  i morphed the average finnish and latvian/lithuanian women together and got [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ay8lvwr.jpg ) . 
   i had no idea estonians were taught anything about the swedish part of your history . 
  lol , are you serious ? 
  do you not learn about the kalmar union for example ? 
  then it 's not related , but influenced - this is far different from being linguistically related . 
  estonian has loads of germanic loan words , does n't make it related to german . 
  yeah definitely not estonia - the soviet occupation had completely ruined our economy by then . 
   but it 's very good functioning for business it 's disgusting and unnatural for our country . 
  there were never such ethnic units - they were all distributed among other units . 
  estonians could almost never serve in estonia . 
  my grandfathers served in east germany and at rostov , while my father served in georgia . 
  it was * the * most horrible era in our country 's history . 
  so many of my ancestors repressed , the economy ruined , the older generations brainwashed , architecture ruined , ethnic makeup complicated , nature ruined etc. 
  it hurts when some stupid western youths start to praise the ussr or claim that the west is about the same ... 
  and we are all for it - but miracles do n't happen overnight if you do n't have the natural resources . 
  ca n't believe the folks here have problems thinking with their head ... 
  russia could invade us any time , that 's beyond the point . 
  we need energy independence for a peace time confrontation scenario . 
  again , think with your head . 
  and poland is by far a bigger problem in this area . 
  you can be all for green energy , but it does n't help much if china continues like there 's no problem . 
  all the more reason to tell the world :d, 
   but at least it was not nationalist like modern day russia lol . 
  there was a lot of russification going on , you know ... 
  so you care about symbolical numbers , not real numbers ? 
  and where 's the energy independence should it be needed ? 
  think with your head for a moment , will you ? 
  energy independence from russia  green energy, 
  why does it randomly miss some countries ? 
   while the governments of the baltic states are very anti-russian the general publics seems to look more favorable on russia as a nation . 
  lol , no . 
  those support percentages you see on this map is almost entirely made up of local russian immigrants . 
  please do n't speak about things you clearly have no knowledge about . 
  please do n't compare such things , you will not make yourself look intelligent . 
  estonia : 25 % russians , but 30 % russophone ( includes mostly ukrainians and belarusians and tatars ) . 
  32 % of estonian residents support russia . 
  30 % of estonian residents are russophone . 
  to simplify just a bit - 2 % of estonians support russia . 
  well they are similar in the sense that they are related , but they are very distantly related . 
  english is also related to albanian , but this does n't mean they are closely related or that they are noticeably similar . 
  the [ correct one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semla ) . 
  no all the uralic languages should definitely still be grouped together , it 's just that the samoyedic languages really did split off from the finno-ugric languages very early and hungarian among the two other ugric languages being very distinct is also not being questioned . 
  the other subbranches are a far more difficult story , although the finnic languages are quite definitely very closely related . 
   but at least they 're not altaic languages i guess . 
  unless you 're turkish and have a shitty education system . 
  pleasantly exaggerated , that 's why . 
  the ussr had a lot of inequality and the system was much more closed than capitalism . 
  yes , ethnic russians have far , far higher crime rates than ethnic estonians in estonia . 
  you are welcomed to come live in our formerly swedish-populated coastal areas , 
  it 's the bigger part . 
  this would be a very progressive way to see history as there was no international law as such banning such atrocities .
