  most countries do n't even recognize their actual crimes under international law ... 
  very few european nations do that anyway . 
  plus europe is a peninsula of eurasia . 
  there is a hate for the british here ? 
  the worst of all is that they do n't get it themselves . 
  kosovo deserves independence from serbia . 
  most sovereign states recognize it too . 
  what do you mean by already ? 
  they claim to have annexed it in 2014 ? 
  why suck up to a hostile imperialist dictator ? 
  it 's not that bad , the tourists mostly buy the tanks and artillery weapons from local ukrainian supermarkets . 
  it 's [ fennoscandia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fennoscandia ) , not scandinavia !, 
  there is snow outside tallinn ?? 
  weed is illegal in my country . 
  are you inciting me to commit a crime ? 
  who let 9 year olds to reddit ? 
  perhaps it was a shitty joke in my opinion ? 
  jokes are supposed to be relevant to the subject in hand , that 's when they get funny . 
  most of our time is spent on arguing whether latvians have six toes or five with three in the front and two in the back . 
  please start to train every fraction of the population to hype . 
  he said hot , not burning . 
  you do n't have to drive that far for that , so you can do it in most of northern europe , 
  trucks do n't kill people , people with trucks kill people !, 
  no , there are many negative aspects about estonia , plus i can take/make jokes about estonia as well . 
  this was just random blabbering . 
  oh come on , this subreddit can not be filled with so many edgy teens , can it ? 
  boo-hoo energy independence  green energy  you wo n't become nordic with that how is that related ? 
  you 've got to fight trucks with trucks . 
  plus adding together geographically detached regions is not the point of this hype train . 
  1984 was about totalitarian dictatorships like the soviet union . 
  the us and the uk are democratic countries ... 
   the turkish federation of belgium hmm , i do n't know of this country . 
   i personally feel europe would be better off under russian rule . 
  wtf ... 
  a great quote from doctor zhivago about russians applies here : `` even comrade lenin underestimated [ ... ] our cursed capacity for suffering . '', 
  there are plenty of reasons to call it the `` russian empire vol . 
  that 's a common theme in russian propaganda . 
  and basically wherever russian soldiers have stepped is forever rightfully theirs as well . 
  depends on where you live - you would be * de facto * alienated by the society if you actually missed the soviet union here . 
  please do n't start another hype train with every fraction of population . 
  in that case nobody in europe is against russian culture , we just despise their hostile imperialist dictatorship and historical lies . 
  there was a reason for that . 
  whooh , i 'm not eastern european then . 
  or is this about estonians being slow ? 
  because i doubt this is a known joke throughout the entire eastern europe . 
  because it works . 
  going radical with it is what we should be worried about . 
  lol , nice brainwash, 
  these were justified though . 
  why sarcasm ? 
  it was a quick way to get rid of a dictatorship . 
  i wish there were more invasions like grenada . 
  i 've done vodka shots with a minister at a very casual pub . 
  what is n't being cracked down upon in china ? 
  i am an anti-theist , what is so toxic about me ? 
  i know more about religions [ in general ] than most religious people for sure . 
   and often feel superior to others because of their views . 
  i do feel superiority over people i consider less intelligent than me , what 's so wrong with that ? 
  these people are less intelligent for believing in an imaginary creature that has never had any shred of evidence for any sane person to believe it for . 
  the most important thing is that there are quite many western youths believing it simply because they think their own media is biased and everything coming from anti-western news ( especially russia ) is correct . 
   in 20 years time the progressive nations of western europe will be islamic regimes . 
  and we have an oracle . 
   belief in god fell in favor of faith in the state was replaced by the official ideology of communism , which was close to being [ as stupid as ] religion . 
  it 's not like many people actually had this faith in communism , it was a forced-upon ideology ... 
  arabic christians use the word `` allah '' as well , they even say `` allahu akbar '' . 
  how can you `` actively '' not believe in god ? 
  how is life going in the socialist czechoslovakia ? 
  the shittiest way though . 
  latvia is sending in their tank as well , so be prepared !, 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  but crimea is an illegally occupied ukrainian territory , not part of russia . 
   russians in the baltics are more likely to support our independence than do biding of putin that 's a very bold exaggeration . 
   a lot of manufacturing jobs are moving east . 
  and they will be moving out of here in no time - at least we had them here for a while instead of leaving europe sooner . 
   combined with corruption and bureaucracy . 
  ** a lot ** smaller issue in central europe and the baltics than it used to be . 
   can we give back the parts of finland & the baltics lost to the ussr oh god , not this shit again ... 
  \\ #unrelated, 
  imagine a time when our own descendants start to think naively positively about the soviet union . 
  i mean , could you even fathom the idea of that ? 
  that would be one exceptionally distanced capital from the rest of the country . 
  most likely west from ingria , but whatever ... 
  reddit could be among the last of our favourites , but there are still more estonians here per capita , 
  sure , of course such competition rules only exist when they have too big of a control of the market . 
  yeah , but that argument does n't really convince me . 
  quick !, 
  lets ban any polish space initiatives and then invite them back !, 
  if they are two different companies , is n't it illegal to divide the market like this ? 
   talin is pronounced exactly the same as tallinn . 
  in what context ? 
  in estonian it would be : - tallinn [ \u02c8t\u0251l\u02b2\u02d1in\u02d1 ] - tallin [ \u02c8t\u0251l\u02b2\u02d1in ] - talinn [ \u02c8t\u0251\u02c8lin\u02d1 ] - talin [ \u02c8t\u0251lin ] they all sound quite different with the latter sounding too short/quick for a common name . 
  because history is filled with `` crimes '' and it 's rather pointless to argue about them ? 
  the key word here is international law , which got its modern meaning only in the very end of the 19th century . 
   that 's not s oh touch\u00e9 . 
   tallin which is just an incorrect soviet era transliteration from russian ... 
   talin which is just an incorrect soviet era transliteration from russian ... 
  in estonian it 's tallinn and the one l and n forms were used in russian , which occupied estonia for half a century . 
  it 's rather a compliment usually when a serbian or a russian does n't agree with me . 
  technically you are irreligious . 
  to generalize , this can mean that you are either an atheist or agnostic .
