  ftfy, 
   ex-soviet shitholes well thank you . 
  but not all of these ex-socialist nations were ex-soviet . 
  which have walked hand-in-hand with communism for like 98 % of the time ? 
  i mean you could only tell such bullshit to a person , who lived far , far away from western countries to never see the actual difference . 
   touristy at the seaside [ yeah ... ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/@59.4600482,24.7766001,27360m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , 
  bad habits from r/place . 
  * [ 1918 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_westward_offensive_of_1918%e2%80%9319 ), 
   touristy and empty in the cities that 's sort of conflicting , do n't you think ? 
  probably because many people do n't know much about this small country . 
  it 's a pretty central monument in riga . 
  yeah , lagging behind would be fine , but the differences were astounding by 1989/1991 . 
  we do n't celebrate this victory day . 
  our victory day is in june and derives from the estonian war of independence . 
  silly you , summer 's more or less over by august . 
   we only elect meps , who do n't even have legislation creating power . 
  what ? 
   my ideal is direct democracy that is just stupid . 
  do n't be stupid , ok ? 
  one of those things i agree with , one i do n't and one i just do n't like . 
  pick your order , 
  meh , this is debatable and irrelevant though , just do n't glorify either of the regimes . 
  nor are hiroshima and nagasaki something special if compared to general city bombing during the war . 
  one great bomb just sounds more horrible than hundreds of bomber aircraft , but it really is n't . 
  nice lack of understanding of post-socialist socio-economic affairs . 
  probably depends on the period now , does n't it ? 
   but it 's not only the dictatorship but our people as well . 
  that part i do understand . 
  but you do see how much soviet regalia there is , do n't you ? 
  and it 's not just the soldiers in their uniforms ( which would be fine ) , but also young people being brainwashed to glorify the same regimes . 
   you did n't fight because many locals liked communists ideas i wonder whether russians can ever be a non-brainwashed people . 
   why illegally ? 
  i though there were elections in baltic countries when communists won and made everything legal . 
  and you want to be taken seriously ? 
   because of `` democratic countries '' ussr survived , because of them putin 's russia is n't dead . 
   they can overthrow our government in one month , if they do n't do it , then they 're ok with putin . 
   some of richest british people are russian oligarchs and friends of putin . 
  how is that relevant ? 
   macron whose e-mails were leaked ... do you think he will kick russian oligarchs and top officials ( = putin 's friends ) out from nice ? 
  he is so outraged and angry but ... no , he wo n't do that . 
   the west was very hostile to the ussr . 
  you probably do n't know it , but there was military intervention to the soviet russia after the revolution . 
  the west would create military alliance against ussr not matter what . 
  wonder why . 
   i think this is just an excuse to increase military power . 
  and that 's why we think you 're brainwashed . 
   we see more and more nato troops in baltic countries , nato is definitely preparing for something . 
  yeah . 
  for defense . 
  this `` more and more nato troops '' is still a ridiculously small amount if compared to the russian forces near our borders . 
   btw , do you know that it was georgia that attacked first in 2008 ? 
  russia was only defending . 
  lol . 
  is that why russian forces were already massed to the georgian border ? 
  russians always find their own excuses . 
  tallinn had a little snow in the early morning , but i think it snowed more in western estonia . 
   power to the people . 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  yeah , i am of the completely opposite opinion . 
  the more i learn about the eu , the more i understand its necessity . 
  any talks of it being a non-democratic organization are also rather absurd . 
  hey , this is modern estonian weather !, 
  no winter wonderland and no sunny warmth for long , just a shitty skiing weather for the entire year . 
  it sort of is already . 
  not political theory per se , but a general `` society studies '' class , where they teach how different branches of the government work and to a degree compare them with other countries . 
  not that a sane person would agree with his ideology , of course . 
   in the grand scheme of ww2 whatever crimes the soviets did against poland and the baltics ( not that i support it mind you ) is really just a footnote . 
  and this is a statement we can not tolerate . 
  reword as `` a huge number of russians '', 
  but it 's not a day of remembrance , it 's a day for the victory of a brutal totalitarian dictatorship and the people in these events are only glorifying a murderous regime . 
  ah , so it 's our fault that we did n't resist the hundred times bigger country that already had tens of thousands of its soldiers in our territory . 
   you selected communists which asked to become ussr republics lol finland was in a far better position geographically , and they still lost . 
  this whole soviet union was better than nazis rhetoric needs to stop . 
  you are now a moderator of r/selfproclaimedmods . 
  hey , both the eu and ussr were unions so they must be exactly the same . 
  by cooperating with the nazis in dividing europe and illegally invading agreed-upon countries the same time the nazis did . 
  wow this is whataboutism at its best . 
  pick your battles . 
  sadly or not , it 's not possible to alienate every single undemocratic country out there . 
  an enemy of your enemy is your friend , be that friendship immoral or not . 
  it 's just reality - democratic countries ca n't alone keep the hostile undemocratic ones at bay , they also need some willing undemocratic countries . 
  if nazi germany had n't invaded half of europe , then half of europe would have been in a cold war against them . 
  so at least it was more fair when they controlled half of europe . ^ or ^ something, 
  because at least for us the soviet occupation was really a communist russian occupation , considering the degree of russification that came with it . 
  political theory could be taught a bit more . 
  so often that we hear criticism that the commission is n't a democratically elected institution , while no eu member state government is appointed in a directly democratic way either , nor should it be . 
  a lot of people also seem to think that the commission passes its legal acts without approval from the parliament . 
  absolutely . 
  did i claim the opposite ? 
  the nazis sure murdered ethnic estonians as well , nobody 's refuting that . 
  but the soviets did come first and committed far more atrocities , hence such sentiments . 
  well , `` generally redrawing '' should n't be a problem now , should it ? 
  redrawing them in an illegal manner using force however . . 
  soviet/russian propaganda much ? 
  also common military parades in defeated poland . 
  you wanted to come to estonia for the warmth ? 
  dude ... 
   communism [ soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goelro_plan ) ? 
  well as a staunch anti-communist , i would n't really blame him . 
  he was a philosopher , nothing more .
