   swedes and finns these are peoples , not countries , 
  that countryside looks way sparser than that of estonia , which is crazy . 
  finns * plus if you are talking about peoples , then only latvians and lithuanians are baltic . 
  ah , member the good old times ? 
  what the heck , spain ... 
  you misread `` baltica '' . 
  really most if not all european countries have one - they are not mouthpieces of the government , but are independent in their content . 
  i mean , what else is there to do when the snow melts ? 
  the less the better . 
  why the heck not ? 
  politically european as it 's not really an extension of europe by any standard other than a small part of geography . 
  it does n't have the same cultural values and it 's not a democracy either by now ...  an absolute monarchy , a theocracy oh please , this `` country '' does n't have permanent residents , it 's basically a special case in international law . 
   a dictatorship well , two . 
  but they are at least culturally european . 
   parliamentary democracies , republics , constitutional monarchies , a grand duchy , principalities , whatever switzerland is , federal states , unitary states , semi devolved states , and more . 
  which are all democratic european countries . 
  `` surprised '', 
  finnish should be taught in estonia i think . 
  with one year of extensive study , an estonian would obtain a relatively good level in the language . 
  yes it is so funny i even stopped watching the tonight show . 
  well i think on the national level , estonian is the second most taught foreign language in estonia . 
  no , but my country has an exception as per 99/48/ec art . 
  yeah , because i was advocating for leaving swiss and norwegian news out of this sub ... 
  even if these are true , that 's not nato , that 's the eu ...  in other words , you already lack some features of a sovereign state . 
  so does every other nation . 
  sided by mass deportations and russification through mass immigration ... 
   baltic standard of living were supported by transactions from other soviet republics in the past and now they are supported by transactions from eu members . 
  is that the reason why we were on par with finland before world war ii , but suddenly fell behind ten times by the end of the soviet occupation ? 
   do n't you think it 's strange that nato forces were withdrawn from some country only once in history , in case of france more than half a century ago ? 
  no , because nato is relatively popular among its members . 
  no , we would be surprised by a russian invasion ... 
   they are already occupied by foreign forces til  they are unable to quit international unions like eu or eurozone why would we and why do you think we could n't ? 
   and basically they are bankrupts because their national economies live trough infusions from eu while local businesses are falling in decline . 
  again , til . 
   all the crap already happened and they even voted for it . 
  what crap ? 
  rather like the wolf is already there , but it 's only chewing the leg , so the others wo n't react yet . 
  this was n't about the russians living in the baltics . 
  you should have rather read the article . 
  russia 's ability to stand against the sanctions reminds me of a quote from doctor zhivago about russians :  even comrade lenin underestimated [ ... ] our own cursed capacity for suffering . 
  you really think we would n't ??? 
  i mean , article 5 is like the foundation of our security , what makes you think we would be the ones to break it ? 
  well that 's true . 
  worst of all is that we might not even happen to read the worst part ... 
  if i recall correctly it is a policy agreement , not a treaty obligation . 
  big difference . 
  i 'm pretty sure the holes do n't affect the taste . 
   people are more eager to avoid russian and go for another important language more or less + the history  not even mentioning stronger role of swedish and finnish in estonia for example swedish is taught in two schools in estonia if i recall correctly , but i 'm not sure finnish is taught anywhere . 
  nevertheless , finnish is [ very well known among ethnic estonians ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4q39rm/knowledge_of_finnish_language_among_ethnic/ ) , although mostly among the middle aged population . 
   many here choose russian over german at school and then end up moving to germany . 
  what hellhole are you from ? 
  i had the exact opposite , most quite learning russian as soon as they can . 
  ( and very few have moved abroad ) . 
  there are some schools that offer quality swedish language studies , like the [ gustav adolf grammar school ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustav_adolf_grammar_school ) ( our oldest high school ) and the [ noarootsi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noarootsi_parish ) high school . 
  i know a few of their graduates and they can speak swedish quite well . 
  according to the 2011 census , 13,990 people said they are able to speak swedish . 
  i am quite sure almost all of them are ethnic estonians or finns ( as it would n't be a foreign language for local swedes ) . 
  what about / r/eesti ? 
  what is it then , a jewish anti-gypsy plot ? 
  it was a simplification , estonia and on most part lithuania and poland also fought on latvian side , plus some russian whites . 
  irrelevant part of turkey , culturally not europeans and politically definitely not europeans . 
  i 'd understand if this was about turkish-european relations , but this is internal turkish bullshit . 
  rather irrelevant and not culturally , plus definitely not politically by now ... 
  soon we 'll have news like [ this ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/twitter-2016-trump-wont-win-2017-president-420a11.png ) . 
  well that 's just generalization taken way beyond extreme . 
  `` you 're a warmonger ! '', 
  you can bet your ass that most of the populations will be like `` noo , but we do n't want a war and should make peace with russia ... '', 
  will the rape victims have a say in this ? 
  also , is there a reason turkish news are still in / r/europe ? 
  oh come on :d, 
  do n't worry , 2016 will be over soon . 
  then we will have a new trend !, 
  perhaps he knows something you do n't ? 
  how does such a putinoid even come to be in slovenia ? 
  loooooooooooooooooool, 
  the propaganda is sad . 
  that 's extremely sad . . 
  yes , and ? 
  yeah i do n't remember and do n't bother to check , but it 's probably around 8 % in estonia , the reason for it not being the first is that we have a lot of trade with finland and sweden . 
  a social outcast among estonians and latvians lets say then . 
  if they find a russian community where many are pro-russia , then sure , among them they are not social outcasts . 
  have you ever been a foreigner and driven on latvian roads ? 
  not only me , but the generally more educated people . 
  i still do n't get whether you are being sarcastic or actually that brainwashed ... 
  considering there were also estonian , lithuanian and bolsheviks from any other nation , it always puzzles me why they stick to latvian reds , despite there being more of them perhaps . 
   latvians must apologize for this shameful act and stop glorify criminal part of their history . 
   latvians must apologize for this shameful act and stop glorify criminal part of their history . 
  i did n't say they were against latvia , i said they invaded as their forces did enter latvia . 
  a bit of a simplification as they intervened on the latvian side mostly , but still . 
  yeah , well , same shit . 
  if the majority supports generally radical measures , then the majority is dimwitted . 
  trump and brexit are objectively bad . 
   you must be smarter than the average american , or brit . 
  oh i 'm sure i am . . 
  these are rather the outcomes of such propaganda . 
  what if the majority of the nation decides ? 
  i actually do n't know if there were many . 
  not saying that estonians did n't have high crime rates in the 1990s , but estonian urban gangs really were n't that common . 
  more or less agreed , but lets say that the anti-democratic propaganda has a 100x greater budget , funded by a neighboring dictatorship and is therefore an actual threat to the democracy itself . 
  they were ambushed by russian gangs on their way home and they were beaten up ...
