  vote for somebody , who 's actions so far and whose ideology suits you the best . 
  b ) representatives should generally avoid `` allowing '' people to vote on specific issues . 
  only if the issue is outside the general parameters of ideology so that parties themselves are divided on the issue and the issue for them is relatively irrelevant in the first place , should they `` allow '' people to vote on the issue . 
  there is no overlords issue - the people still have the power . 
  there is no conditional democracy - there is representative democracy , which we have given them , not which they have given us . 
  the fact that it is so difficult for you to grasp , really saddens me . 
  no , my opinion should always count . 
  my vote on parliamentary elections should always count . 
  but i should n't get to vote on an international treaty as long as i am not a member of the parliament . 
  i generally do n't believe in the capability of the population to decide specific issues . 
  we have a representative democracy for a reason and only very basic laws ( like constitution or joining the eu ) should be put to a referendum . 
  other questions that may be put on referendums are issues that the parties themselves are also divided about or are heated discussions that the parties may not want to divide themselves over and over what the populace itself has strong opinions about . 
  the treaty with ukraine is really not one of such issues . 
  no , people hear the name baltic and think of homogeneity . 
  that 's what we do n't want . 
  thank you for the insults . 
  nobody even knows of such cooperation units and they are relatively irrelevant in the context of the eu . 
  people call estonia baltic not because of their reference to such cooperation units , but by their uneducated knowledge of estonian culture and history and over-generalized views on estonian geographical similarity with latvia and lithuania . 
  i generally agree . 
  that is not an issue the general population would have a strong opinion about . 
  oh gosh , not such unfounded opinions from estonia as well ... 
  they may be . 
  i do n't so much object to them being called like that . 
  it does n't necessarily have to mean that estonia is a baltic country when it cooperates in them . 
  and as you perhaps have noticed , i never said we should n't cooperate . 
  please , no strawman !, 
   our languages and cultures have nothing to do with regional cooperation glad that you finally agree that our regional cooperation can exist outside the labeling called the `` baltic states '' . 
  because once again , the term baltic applies to the baltic languages and baltic cultures . 
  leaving the eu is stupid , considering no member would want the negative economic effects that it would bring . 
  and if one wishes to avoid these negative effects , then one would need to retain close ties with the eu , which would mean a situation like for norway - apply eu rules , but wo n't be able to change them ... 
  but your ideas of unrest and military answering or something are delusional . 
  we are neighbors . 
  we get along . 
  we are both in nato and the eu . 
  that is acknowledging our relationship . 
  being part of the baltic states would mean homogeneity . 
  whether we belong to the baltic states or not does not affect how we get along . 
  yeah , those other people are often from latvia or lithuania ( and as it seems , therefore biased on the issue ) , or have no knowledge of estonia . 
   and if you do n't actually care what impact this has on how political situation is perceived i do care . 
  i care if you latvians are offended by us not being a baltic country . 
  but i do n't care enough to be something that estonians are n't . 
  though in case they are aligned with a foreign dictatorship , then they indeed are corrupt . 
  which of course does n't mean the government definitely is n't but still ... 
  geo-politically perhaps . 
  it 's the same like estonia may be considered eastern europe in certain contexts , like when compared to other eastern bloc countries or when talking about the dissolution of the ussr etc. 
  however it is still not correct to call estonia `` the baltic nation of estonia '' or similar when just introducing the country , when comparing its culture or when describing a trip there . 
  these are usually not geopolitical , rather cultural issues . 
  really do n't see that happening in the modern context . 
  there are outside threats like russia or muslim radicals , but not really eu countries fighting in between themselves . 
   this is not about what you claim now , but how it usually looks so you just attribute false meanings to my claims as strawman arguments because you subjectively feel it looks that way ? 
  great !, 
  i do n't particularly care if latvia is considered nordic or not . 
  i personally would n't vote against it , though i would vote against lithuania being nordic , as i would vote against latgale being nordic . 
  i do n't need to fight for your country 's labeling , besides latvia will remain baltic even when it would be considered nordic . 
  for latvia , the term baltic is not incorrect , which it is for estonia . 
  and no estonian claims we do n't want to work with latvia . 
  just . 
  please . 
  stop . 
  with . 
  these . 
  arguments . 
  and we do acknowledge having a relationship with the baltic states . 
  again , stop with the strawmen . 
  did i say baltic states are not nordic ? 
  another strawman , dude ? 
  perhaps a little less than estonia , but still . 
  `` your argument is dumb '' - at least i have an argument , you do n't seem to possess any . 
  you seem to totally disregard the similarities estonia has with scandinavia and finland ... 
  they are not exactly martians to us , perhaps to you ? 
  i am incapable of reading ? 
  you are the one , who 's incapable of reading the reasons i provided . 
   and yet you try to compare it with nordics ? 
  because the germans back then barely influenced our culture . 
  germans wanted to keep us separated - the serfdom issue came along the ethnic lines so ethnic differences were often what made the difference between being a nobleman and being a serf . 
  only in the 19th century during the estonian national awakening were the german influences really adopted . 
  however the long cultural roots are the same with finland especially , but also with scandinavia . 
  i am aware that latgale is catholic and in this case that region should not be considered northern europe independently , but as it 's part of latvia , we do n't usually draw regional borders through countries . 
  much of the estonian and tallinn symbolism is from denmark and danish flag is thought to originate from estonia . 
  the swedish times are ** still ** referred to as `` the good old swedish times '' , plus the estonian culture itself is relatively similar to that of finland and scandinavia . 
  i am aware of these wars . 
   we would have taken really irrelevant as it did n't happen . 
  you have history of wars with sweden indeed , but not history of influence . 
   you were just occupied battlefield and that 's all . 
  you are making it so warm and cuddly to be friends with your nation . 
  potato-potato in this case . 
  what kind of estonians have you met then ? 
  i do n't know many estonians , who would affiliate estonia with the baltics that much . 
  what secret estonia-nordic things ? 
  i have presented you my arguments on why we have more in common with the baltics . 
  your only argument was common soviet occupation and how it affects us today . 
  make my country look better ? 
  that 's barely the case . 
  i want my country to be classified with countries i feel culturally more in line with . 
  it 's not a question of better or worse . 
  and your only argument is that since baltic people want estonia to be baltic , then estonia should be baltic . 
  not chauvinistic at all ... 
  but estonians are not baltic . 
  so estonia is baltic , but estonians are not . 
  how is that a sane classification ?
