  i drink a lot and that 's the distinction that has always kept me on the line . 
  as a tallinner , i have to be smug and ask what 's so special about this ? 
  what referenda ? 
  the one orchestrated after russian invasion ? 
  how so ? 
  that 's pretty much how it has always been . 
  the architecture does seem to be boring . 
  the pretty landscape does n't help that much i presume . 
  it 's an illegally occupied territory and should n't be shown as part of russia . 
  the estonian food is delicious . 
  who could get against our wide variety of dairy products , our obsessions with potatoes and all sorts of cuisine influences from germany , scandinavia and russia ? 
  there is quite a lot of homework indeed , but not exactly on the asian levels . 
   trick is , never drink in the baltic states ... u insane ? 
  how do you think we cope ? 
  in very rare occurrences as single shots . 
  but otherwise , no . 
  it 's good and cheap in a tea , plus i 've tried it with kefir and it tastes quite well if not a little too sweet . 
  - never drink alone - never drink more than your friends - never have alcoholics as your friends, 
   no , he 's not the boogeyman no , he 's just a dictator with nuclear bombs , who invading countries one by one . 
   but i 'm sure you 've very concerned about the well being of americans . 
  yes , they are the biggest western power out there , why would n't i be ? 
  to generalize : girls do n't need to be curious in class , everything is fed to them as is most suiting . 
  boys are so curious about non-mainstream things that it becomes distractive and they get punished for their curiosity . 
  no , you just portray your ignorance . 
  leaving estonia for russia would make nato crumble , which would make the us lose a lot of influence in the world , most likely damaging its economy a lot . 
  think with your head for once . 
  he will if you leave nato and let nato collapse . 
  please [ educate yourself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_brothers ) . 
   i 'm talking about the official classification of the language , which the article most likely uses . 
  no it most definitely does not . 
  do n't you think such an absurd classification would strongly influence the results ??? 
   what are they supposed to do ? 
  go around and ask everyone whether irish or english was their 1st or 2nd language ? 
  you do n't put children into the a1 language class of their own language , gosh ...  go to wikipedia , look at the `` official languages '' and that 's probably a simliar classification to what was used . 
  that is most definitely not !, 
  how can you be this unintelligent ? 
  how am i loathing myself again ? 
  you are the one sucking up to putin ... that 's why you are unintelligent . 
  how much is germany trading with nepal ? 
  how big is the economy of nepal ? 
  you clearly lack in education ... 
  talsinki still sounds better . 
  not really . 
  they are curious in other aspects than girls - often about the things that are n't part of the mainstream curriculum . 
  yes , danes appropriated their flag for us for example . 
  ^ / s ^ ^ perhaps ^ ^ not, 
  and how did estonia do that again ? 
  ah , yes , i remember this from university very well  ( dealing with international law now ), 
  he does do it though ... 
  parts of it are perhaps , but definitely not the rest . 
   russia/ussr did not wage a war against baltic independence lol, 
   russia has nothing to do with the model estonia adopted after the occupation . 
  no , but the soviet occupation of estonia had everything to do with it . 
   and i think the finns were fairly surprised that the estonians rejected the nordic model at the time . 
  only the extremely ignorant ones perhaps . 
  explain how estonia could have implemented a welfare state in 1991 . 
  science beats the joke . 
  it may be native in the sense that you may feel connected to the language , but if you are not native speakers , then it 's still a foreign language as you are not able to perfectly speak it . 
  it 's not such a difficult concept . . 
  no , jesus f. christ . 
  do you actually claim that all indians have 14 native languages despite not knowing a single word in many of them ?? 
  how does it feel lower ? 
  do you understand how high 3.2 is for an average pupil ? 
   what actions of the serbs ? 
  the kosovo albanians started the war , and the reports on which nato campaign started are proven to be false or unreliable at best . 
  the number of states does n't matter , becuse in the end usa has a lot more lobby power , you see that most of the countries who did recognise kosovo are poor island or african nations , who will say yes simply because they were told to do so , not because they care about kosovo . 
  while not even the whole eu does n't recognise it or most of the world . 
  only a few eu members have n't recognized kosovo - and spain for example is another country restricting the right to self determination . 
  i do n't get what you mean . 
  i may have to check back tomorrow . 
  that 's hardly claiming ... 
   i 'm reading the same page right now and ... eh ? 
  look at the chart : hellenic is divided into greek and ancient macedonian . 
   they were accepted in the olympic games as greeks you mean , hellens ? 
  it 's no wonder the term is now only being used for greeks inside greece , but this does n't mean it could have been a wider concept or that it could n't be that ethno-linguistically . 
  yakuts not uralic , 
  a collapsed nato will cost you far far more as a taxpayer ... 
  so do n't be so naive and do n't shout out such stupid things !, 
   i do n't think he 's looking for living space or racial purity . 
  mind the ideology , look at his actions in international relations . 
   and you 've once again proved my point , your utter hatred for americans is noted . 
  i am in no way hating on americans , i just ca n't stand unintelligent people . 
  you are that same guy , what a horrible troll !, 
   ** no ** i took your answer by the letter . 
  see what i did there ? 
   greek , sry who ? 
   exactly no constitution . 
  exactly - ignorant about how law works . 
   and then you can not understand why it 's ridiculous for them to claim they are the continuation of ancient macedonians . 
  again , do they ?? 
   there was and still is a macedonia in greece . 
  again , so ? 
  the republic of macedonia is also within the territory of the traditional macedonia . 
   but i have a feeling that you are just trolling . 
  no i have a feeling that you are just pushing some weird nationalistic agenda . 
  wait , are you the pro-putin slovenian guy ? 
  that 's why we give them away as gifts . 
  trick is not to drink so much that you have a problem . 
  why the triple post though ? 
  i have the suspicion that this respect wo n't be divided equally among the slovakian people .
