  not just intelligence , but knowledge about how things work . 
  if you are educated in these subjects , you have a far better chance of being among such people . 
   calling human beings sheep is n't going to get you anywhere jesus , it was your analogy ... 
   you 've shifted the debate from whether they exist to the fact they should just accept the status quo of constant change . 
   the people who lost their jobs would be called the losers , would n't they ? 
  temporary losers , but sure . 
   and it 's only right to vote for the other side when the current is promising more of the same . 
  jesus , * the same * will happen nevertheless , whether a populist promises to not have it happen or not ... 
   maybe try explaining this to the voters maybe they are , but populist statements are easier to grasp ? 
   vote for me or you are stupid no , that 's definitely not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that you are unintelligent if you vote for a guy , whose campaign is `` i will fix this by exterminating all frogs in louisiana '' . 
  if you 're country 's only other choice is someone , whose campaign is solely `` vote for me or you are stupid '' , then that 's not much better , but still not as stupid as the other ... 
  quite a crazy person you are ... 
  economies changing and markets shifting naturally is a bit different thing than an imperialist dictator invading and occupying your country ... 
  yeah , make it personal instead of using the words `` the public '' . 
  and sure , if your argument is that the eu defense plans exist , but are kept secret , then perhaps it really is so . 
  it is however difficult to believe that they are so secret that top eu politicians can never be seen discussing such topics on the media . 
  i rather have the impression that it is all in the planning stage . 
  - create nominally good relations . 
  - take something . 
  - us complains . 
  - complain about us ruining good relations . 
  i am part of those masses , i am in no political position and live an average life . 
  yet i understand that people all around me are unintelligent and as long as unintelligent people think they are intelligent , we have many problems in the society as these people are easily manipulable . 
  i rarely vote based on promises , rather on the ideology of the party and the intelligence of the top politicians . 
  what % of tax may be better before the elections , may not be so after the elections , even in the eyes of the same party . 
  perhaps not to it then , but to somewhere else . 
  the question you should be asking is rather : who will keep paying for their wage if the industry is decadent ? 
   it was against the political system itself which makes them all the more unintelligent ...  the self-described intelligent ` college educated ' voters . 
  `` self-described intelligent '' , `` college educated '' . 
  you have some thinking to do . 
   youre saying that its not the sheeps fault for being mislead by propaganda , when half the reason for the sheep voting trump is because of the rest of the world calling them sheep . 
  no , it 's like the sheep are voting for a wolf just because they do n't like how the educated sheep are running their farm . . 
  ca n't see how shortsighted promises and change in a negative situation is better than the status quo . 
  literal :d, 
   why some intelligent people might vote differently from what you no , not differently from me , i respect differences of intelligent opinion to a degree . 
  we have several mainstream parties in my country , i respect the people voting for all of them , from social democrats on the left to conservatives on the right . 
  however people voting for populist right-wingers or pro-russian leftists do not deserve any respect . 
  with both votes , there were two options , where one of them was shortsighted and perhaps even dangerous . 
  voting for that does make the voter unintelligent . 
   but people do n't want to change or move . 
  well they have to . 
  that 's life . 
  should we have kept the manual labour factories and stay away from automated production just in order to save jobs ? 
  industries grew a lot thanks to such changes , the state profited from that , the market restructured itself and the people got new jobs . 
   they want what they 've always had . 
  we ca n't always have that . 
   learning new skills in an economy that changes so rapidly is hard as well since in another ten years you might have to do it again . 
  exactly . 
  especially if you know you work in a field that may easily be automated in 10 years . 
  just do n't start criticizing the government for technological advances and the logical consequences . 
  [ chippers as a breed are gon na go the same way of the sabretooth tiger ] ( https://youtu.be/cdebn3xrn90?t=1m43s ) . 
   trump promised they would n't have to . 
  which is an absurd populist statement . 
   that was enough to bring the people who felt abandoned to his side . 
  that was enough to manipulate unintelligent people . 
  people who voted for brexit or trump are unintelligent because they fell for the propaganda . 
   i accept the losers ( the ones out of work due to ` market restructuring ' ) as a sacrifice to economic growth . 
  yes . 
  if you do n't , you clearly do n't know how the economy works ...  but those workers do n't simply turn to other job sources . 
  communities get hollowed out as the economic supports that underpin them evaporate . 
  queue social problems , crime , and quality of life reduction . 
  understood , but perhaps their way of life in that community was decadent . 
  when the ussr fell , there was no need for many industries and many industrial towns in northeastern estonia suffered a lot . 
  they might criticize the government for that , but most understand that their way of life and their industries were not worth saving . 
   blame you for how their situation deteriorated exactly , just portraying how unintelligent and how easily influenced by populism they are . 
   ` sorry guys you were the losers in a set of policies we supported for the greater economic good . ', 
  because the populists would use such statements in our disadvantage . 
   instead , you treat them like they somehow deserve it no , i never said anyone deserves it . 
  the workers are not the decadent industries , but the decadent industries can not go without them suffering . 
   and are just too stupid to understand . 
  they often are . 
  group mentality might play a role here . 
   and they are punishing the democratic establishment in the ballot box very progressive ...  unless attitudes change . 
  what attitudes ? 
  i insist that there is nothing wrong with the attitude , there are just many people not intelligent enough to understand how politics and the economy work ... 
  no the problem is that the pro-brexit and anti-globalist bunch have offered empty claims . 
  the burden of proof is on them , not on us !, 
  i am not part of the liberal left ... liberalism is a center-right ideology . 
  i am a liberal in the center-right sense . 
  delusion and ignorance about what exactly ? 
  people voted for brexit and trump solely because they lack intelligence and that 's that . 
  that 's how markets work - they temporarily fall in one region and rise in another . 
  it is the job of the national , regional and local governments to find new ways to restructure the market and for people to actively move into new sectors . 
   are you asking me how many jobs have been lost to low cost jurisdictions ? 
  here 's an article about it . 
  i do n't have the exact number of affected people up to now , but this was in the article : these people are unintelligent enough not to understand how much they and their nation has won from globalization ...  that 's a million jobs in the us alone , just to china . 
  that 's quite a small number actually . 
  the market can restructure itself . 
   it would be much larger if it included the uk and other locales . 
  are you actually sure about that ? 
  we do n't really lose our top-level jobs , we only lose the lower jobs to people in poorer nations who are willing to work for less . 
   do n't be surprised as the extremist right grows in power , and in general as your control of democratic institutions and power wanes . 
  i do n't think it will be very good consolation to consider yourself right while democratic institutions fail . 
  sadly there are a lot of unintelligent people in this world indeed . 
   well it 's not really very smart to demand that people you insult and marginalise support you politically afterward . 
  why support me ? 
  i need them to support the democratic establishment !, 
   ooh , an insult . 
  a well deserved one .
