  and they did n't make estonians less estonian , they made the ethnic composition in estonia less estonian - it 's a big difference . 
  still , provide evidence that estonia is a puppet , otherwise it 's your own bs . 
   western europeans countries would , if push came to shove , use your countries as a bargaining chip . 
  evidence ? 
  perhaps your governments are not as cowardly traitors as you are ? 
  and nato saves us , not that much the eu although integration helps . 
  and how do you imagine `` getting afghanistan right '' ? 
  it 's mostly an uneducated religious wasteland with a horrible terrain - no foreign power has really controlled this land . 
  great , so we both have master 's degrees in law , i also have a bachelor 's degree in political science and both have emphasized on international law and international relations . 
  i just wonder where your xenophobia comes from ... 
  social democrats are n't really socialists or communists . 
  in my country they are rather centrists . 
  well we did , but it was mostly to finland ( and sweden ) so they did n't really leave , more just started to work abroad and return every week . 
   that fake country wow ... 
  quite an irrelevant bunch of uneducated people . 
  soo . . if we say that jewish lives are n't worth the same then you are not reported ? 
  hate to see double standards here ... 
  they did n't just agree on spheres of influence , they also illegally invaded all of these nations without the other one caring that much . 
   the east-west division ? 
  what is that ? 
   come on , baltic . . why do you call me baltic , if i 'm an estonian ergo finnic ? 
   real european war was in the east why do you exclude me on that knowledge ? 
   the us did n't have the balls ( or it was just clever ) to invade europe before 1944 in a big way . 
  they did n't invade because there were other fronts to fight and d-day to prepare . 
   western propaganda what is western propaganda ? 
   `` because overnight 25 million russians became homeless/citizens of foreign lands '' should n't have illegally deported its colonizers into foreign countries ...  give me numbers of estonians being sent to siberia in comparison then . 
  10k in 1941 and 30k in 1949 , plus several thousand in other years . 
   amsterdam 's police forc is bigger than your joke of a military . 
  amsterdam has more people than my country . 
  new york has more police than your country . 
  is that a reason enough to call your military a joke ? 
   you 're a little puppet for us . 
  how is estonia a puppet state of the netherlands again ? 
   only reason you are n't all sucking putins weewee is because of eu subsidies . 
  i did n't know subsidies have an effect on defense . 
   let 's cut them off and see how ` glorious ' the baltics are . 
  more glorious than before the eu ...  appeasement it is not . 
  it is 100 % appeasement . 
  let me ask you , how old are you and what type of education do you have ? 
  i am guessing 17 and in the middle of high school . 
  how many vote for communists ? 
   probably cuz most estonians are stupid . 
  are n't most slovenes that as well ? 
   not a single occupied territory had forced enlistment , only germans were mandated to fight . 
  better learn some history then ...  you just hated communism and russians , the latter of which stems from your century long fear of the big kid in the block . 
  russophobia was hardly a thing in estonia before the soviet occupation of 1940 , as the baltic germans had been the historical oppressors . 
   soviets were not allies with nazi germany . 
  they were , they divided eastern europe between themselves and occupied it together . 
   the ussr would have owned nazi germany by itself , regardless of a few hundred thousand trucks . 
  first of all , it did n't particularly own nazi germany even with the trucks as it lost a huge amount of its army due to shitty tactics . 
  secondly , it is highly suggestive to even claim that they could have won without the technical aid . 
   every credible historian knows that . 
  are you one of them ? 
   that 's the reason the americans did n't lose more than 150.000 dead soldiers in europe , and the ussr lost almost 15 million . 
  no , it was due to better tactics and a shorter war . 
   do n't take out your anger with stalin and the ussr on putin and contemporary russia . 
  putin claimed the collapse of the ussr was the greatest catastrophe of the 20th century . 
  russians picked stalin as the most important russian of all time . 
  russia is still a dictatorship . 
  enough said ...  stalin killed 12 million ussr citizens , most of them russian . 
  so yes , they suffered 100 times what you did . 
  how so ? 
  there were n't as many estonians in existence if compared how many russians he killed . 
  why would you only count total numbers and not per capita , which was close to equal . 
   realpolitik literally means feeding baltic people to the dogs if that 's whats needed to have good relations with russia . 
  and then you 'd be rid of your allies and nothing would change - russia would simply be stronger , the west weaker and russia would be bullying its next victim . 
  your type of realpolitik is just appeasement , which worked horribly before world war ii as we can remember . 
  this !, 
  plus , both a democracy and a dictatorship can be described by such words as corporatocracy , technocracy , gerontocracy . 
  that 's why it bothers me so much that people use them as a generic antonym to democracy . 
  i 've never met an actual estonian , who was into communism , let alone socialism . 
  a remnant from runescape 15 years ago , 
  did you just assume his species ? 
  though he uses the word slavic as an insult ... 
   not a democracy , but a corporatocracy these are not mutually exclusive terms . 
  you know people from that generation , who liked socialism ?? 
  how exactly did i advocate for ethnic cleansing again ? 
   and what is an estonian ? 
  75 % finnish and 25 % russian ? 
  what ? 
  estonian language is 100 % a finnic language with mostly germanic influences to our vocabulary . 
   nobody ` helped ' against nazi germany , least of all the baltics themselves . 
  we were already illegally occupied by the soviet union ... and i do n't remember the dutch liberating themselves ...  nobody had as many ss volunteers per capita as you lot few of them were volunteers though , it was either fight or be executed . 
  plus the bigger evil in this part of the world was the soviet union , which committed far more atrocities than nazi germany . 
   the soviets fought back lol , the soviets were allies with nazi germany until hitler betrayed stalin . 
  they divided and occupied eastern europe together and held common military parades in occupied poland . 
   nobody helped . 
  nobody helped the ussr ? 
  dude , without the massive us technological aid to the ussr , there is no way the soviets could have defeated the nazis . 
   america was out for it 's own gain , which is painfully obvious by now how is this obvious again ? 
   and hardly did much of the heavy lifting . 
  seriously , what ??? 
   the russians ` helped you ' . 
  how did the russians help us by illegally invading our country ** before ** nazi germany and deporting and murdering tens of thousands of our people ? 
  my grandfather was 8 years old when he and his sister , mother and grandmother were sent to siberia in a cattle wagon , where people died on the train . 
  two of my great-grandfathers were sent to siberia , of whom one died there due to hard labor . 
  in which of the seven hells is that * helping * ?? 
   realpolitik realpolitik means that you have to consider all the factors , which you are clearly incapable of . 
   encircle the biggest most powerful european nation . 
  who is encircling them again ?
