   still , saying people worship stalin is a bit funny . . you are just so frigging naive ...  nobody thinks russia = soviet union . 
  no , but they are both dictatorships and russia still denies soviet crimes and worships its criminals . 
   the soviet union was in no way depicted in the same light as nazi germany which is a fucking pity !, 
  a disgrace to the realm of honesty and justice . 
  ethnicity is a thing , you know . 
  stop wearing those pink glasses . 
  you sound exactly like a college freshman . 
   the rest is racism or ill-will for something that happened in the past . 
  so frigging naive . 
   have you thought that in non ex-communist countries those labels among people of a same nationality may soud racist ? 
  racist to ignorant people , who have no idea about the history and sentiments in these post-communist countries . 
  you are rather high and mighty with your attitude here , but you would n't be any different in our shoes . 
   because in wetern europe , nationality only matters . 
  have western european countries forcefully been under communism ? 
  have they had forced-upon foreign immigration ? 
  do you have a third of your country populated by the former occupying group ? 
  if no , then it 's unfair to even start to compare and i kindly ask you to refrain from further ignorant and arrogant comments . 
   if you have ill-will towards fellow citizens for something that happened in the past and it 's not the current ethnic russians ' fault in most cases , it 's an evidence that estonia can not into nordics . 
  repress the people . 
  send in your own people to control them more easily . 
  deny all crimes . 
  direct propaganda on your fifth column in the country . 
  criticize the country for not liking this situation . 
  great logic , dude . 
   ill-will towards fellow citizens they 're not all citizens of the same country . 
  even better analogue : brits and americans invade france , impose their own dictatorship and repress the people . 
  the brits and americans invade again and call themselves liberators , being forced out 45 years later . 
  there is n't that much to blame the integration issues on the estonian government though . 
  if a group does n't want to integrate , then it just wo n't . 
  jesus christ , 2010 data ? 
   russia bans food import as a political tool welcome to the club , montenegro ... 
   i do not think it really applies here . 
  i 'm sorry , but the sentiment is largely the same . 
   and it was moved in the end . 
  and the people who it mattered to were n't listened to for a second . 
  there was no need to . 
   accepting this shitpost at face value lol  estonian government was just as much to blame for what 's transpired than any other actor . 
  yeah , blame the small country that fights against remnants of russification . 
   it does n't matter , though , because the comment calling me a tibla stands at +17 right now . 
  because you share their values . 
   but i 've constantly heard that the ethnic russian minority in estonia is really marginalised and discriminated against . 
  should not listen to russian propaganda then . 
   but i personally am always critical when a majority language/ethnic group starts accusing a minority language/ethnic group of pretty much everything possible . 
  think of the broader picture . 
  estonians were the minority that were repressed by russians . 
  immigration of russians was repression of estonians . 
   i really hate the fact the whole crimea/ukraine/putin stuff is occurring because everybody just refuses to consider if this is actually racism or not . 
  justice is not defined by who pulls the racism card first . 
   i mean we finns , estonians and russians are not so different culturally oh boy ...  estonian russians are not some evil upper class most of them are rather lower or lower middle class . 
   they are a mostly linguistic group many of them were sent here / came here during the russian occupation and they were a strongly brainwashed group . 
  they are n't just something ethnic , they also carry a lot of politics with them . 
   which is actively refused estonian citizenship russian propaganda kicking in . 
   even though nearly all of them would like to apply for it nobody denies them their right to apply for it . 
   2 sides to each story . 
  and one is right , while the other is not . 
  reporting for duty . 
  that 's not russia . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bronze_night ), 
   unless you were a jew . 
  of course . 
  and i 'm sure the nazis were also worse when you were a communist . 
  but if you take the entire nation , not just some preferred group , then the soviets were worse by pure numbers and that is a fact . 
   the baltics have a lot to complain about soviet times , but that does n't excuse the apologist/revisionist history surrounding wwii . 
  much of the world has a lot to complain about the nazis , but that does n't excuse the blatant generalization that all forces on the allied side were better than the nazis . 
  illegality of the soviet occupation is no delusion , you are just brainwashed by your undemocratic government . 
  and it is so often that they are less than 2 days old . 
  yes , but the same kind of problems exist in today 's world as well . 
  nationalism is n't just about wanting your country to be superior to others , but also about your country remaining in fact your country . 
  nationalism comes in all shapes and sizes and i refuse to agree that nationalism like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm4ec01u0-4 ) is bad in any way . 
   so maybe give that a chance . 
  it might enrich your vocabulary and though enough to stop arguing that we need to have less clarity in semantics . 
  so you are now giving * me * advice to read more ? 
  :d that 's just pathetic . 
  you have n't commented on nationalism in many smaller nations . 
  do you think this nationalism ( which was not regarded as patriotism by nobody ) was really bad ? 
  that our countries should be under some bigger empire just because nationalism is bad ? 
  that would in fact be sickening . . 
  a mix of gdp ( ppp ) per capita and population density . 
  latvia and lithuania annexed estonia , apparently . 
  and i 've had plenty . 
  but this is beyond the point . 
  look at the broader picture , the geopolitical and social challenges with them . 
   nationalism is a belief that no matter what you do and how you act , you 're essentially perfect lol , please read a thing or two before making so unintelligent statements ...  patriotism is recognising belonging to some community and wanting that community to succeed in reality . 
  and in many countries it 's the same ... 
  either the same sentiment or even the same word . 
  things are not so black and white as you imagine ...  nationalism sufficed plenty . 
  and without nationalism , many countries would n't be independent right now , including mine . 
  so how can you argue that nationalism is just a bad thing ? 
  all phobia is justified if it 's based on facts and not lies . 
   ethnostates where the minorities are n't respected are a slippery slope , my estonian `` friend . '', 
  minorities are respected in estonia , we even have cultural autonomies and the older russian community is very respected . 
  the soviet-era illegal migrants of course are not . 
   this is what 's wrong with europe . 
  it is wrong to want unintegrating illegal immigrants to leave ? 
   does your entire country have this big of a victim complex ? 
  victim complex ? 
  the amount of propaganda russian people in estonia are getting is staggering . 
  do n't make such comments before you know more . 
   if we have people like you who refuse to be civilized . 
  except i am a civilized person , but many in the russian community want our country to be run from kremlin .
