   if they were we would never have seen a flood of eastern european immigration to western european nations . 
  rather a simplistic understanding here . 
  i wonder why i even expected you to have a deeper understanding of this . 
  [ i served the king of england ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgvlt_ffxjw ) , a very good czech movie . 
  embracing the internet like estonia does - lots and lots of services are online . 
  i recently went through something like that with my grandfather and i constantly felt disgusted and frustrated that we do n't have that yet . 
  all nordic and baltic countries . 
  all nordic and baltic countries have that though . 
  ethnic estonian 2 . 
  estonia 2 . 
  northern estonia 3 . 
  finnic people / baltic finns 4 . 
  europe 5 . 
  nato 7 . 
  nordic countries 8 . 
  northern europe 9 . 
  tallinner 10 . 
  [ harjuan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harju_county ) 12 . 
  person 13 . 
  baltic states 14 . 
  former soviet union, 
  why so ? 
  what is wrong with patriotism ? 
  in some languages there is no negative connotation with the local word for nationalism . 
  it does n't just mean the extremely radical version of it . 
  ( 1 ) has remained essentially the same from 1920 , except the word `` democratic '' was added in the 4th , 1992 constitution . 
  ( 2 ) was added to the 4th , 1992 constitution . 
  not sure why this is needed to be the first . 
  the constitution is first and foremost for the functioning of the state for which the constitution is needed in the first place and only secondly to protect certain groups . 
  ( 1 ) estonia is an independent and sovereign democratic republic wherein the supreme power of state is vested in the people . 
  ( 2 ) the independence and sovereignty of estonia are timeless and inalienable . 
  the nature and the overall atmosphere was wonderful , especially in the north of the country . 
  in estonia russians are not allowed to name their children differently from themselves , so ivanova and smirnova are a no-go cases for either renaming after marriage or naming your children . 
  same goes for other languages i presume as the law ca n't really be language-specific . 
  letters have to contain the estonian alphabet letters only , so latin alphabet letters . 
  it is also not allowed to give two surnames to a child , although a person can take an additional name after marriage . 
  the `` buffer zone '' you are talking about is in an entirely different context . 
  this buffer zone is now eu territory instead of a bunch of more easily manipulable states . 
   of course violates agreements the west had with russia jesus f. christ , how gullible can you be ??? 
   russia , which wants a buffer zone who cares what it wants ? 
  these nations decided for themselves !, 
   joining the eu and joining nato often go alongside in the case of eastern europe which is also very good !, 
   as far as inner european crime is concerned if you look at the crime statistics it actually made europe less safe in that regard as well . 
  only in the short span . 
  if you only look at what is going on in front of your eyes , you will miss the bigger picture !, 
   objectively speaking there were no benefits to the fast expansion into eastern europe horrible bias . 
  horrible !, 
   but you are from eastern europe so of course you wo n't accept that , which is understandable . 
  i wo n't accept lack of intelligence , of course !, 
  and made the continent bigger , more influential and safer as it created a rich buffer zone between western europe and what is past eastern europe . 
  that the indigenous people will become a minority in their own land or that minorities will be strong enough to have a huge impact on our internal politics and be a threat if a significant population of them decides to ally with the big and hostile dictatorship to our east . 
  finnish countryside or slovakian mountains are my favorite !, 
  i mean , there are times when i think something they do is `` typical '' of russia . 
  and then again something comes along that completely surprises me ... 
  pretty much you made everything up here . 
  eastern european countries as members of the eu have been relatively stable and much of he polarization within the eu is not between the east and the west , but between the north and the south . 
   yeah , exactly . 
  exactly what ? 
  me not knowing a number of people in a subculture makes that subculture nonexistent ? 
  do you know how many punks there are in poland ? 
  do they not exist if you do n't know that ? 
   yeah , there are not , but that 's not the point . 
  wait , do you actually claim that these are made up organizations ? 
   so ... you do n't know anything , yet you are talkng about it with such certanity ? 
  i could n't care less about fraternities in estonia , mate . 
  like i said many times - i never met student , or professor that was in university 's fraternity . 
  neither i 've seen fraternity . 
  i know that they only accept members , who are in the university or have degrees before . 
  i am fairly certain that some of them work for the academia . 
   like i said many times - i never met student , or professor that was in university 's fraternity . 
  neither i 've seen fraternity . 
  but i have , in poland !, 
  do you think your personal lack of experience is more important here than my experience ?? 
   obviously - nothing . 
  but if they are exisitng for sake of exisitng ... they exist for self-validation . 
  so book clubs and chess clubs and football clubs exist for self-validation ? 
   you are aruging about tens of thousands of people and enormous impact on life . 
  tens of thousands of people in this international subculture ( estonia , latvia and poland and a few in germany as not all german organizations are part of the same historical heritage ) . 
  that most likely includes thousands in poland . 
  i have personally seen at least 100 at once . 
  and i never said they have an enormous impact in the society . 
   yet - no one besides you seen them . 
  seriously wtf , dude . 
  your logic : i have n't seen them ergo nobody has seen them . 
  if that 's not a logical fallacy then i do n't know what is . 
  you refuse to believe even when evidence is provided to you . 
   the more we talk the more they look like big foot . 
  no , the more you look like an evolution-denier . 
   they are underground organisations underground they are not . 
  underground means hidden , secret , illegal . 
  they are nothing like that . 
   with dozen of people ( at best ) what about [ this ] ( http://www.arkonia.pl/img/akt/672.jpg ) picture . 
  it alone shows that there are more people than that ...  that had sense during partition of poland , not now . 
  why then and not now ? 
  gender is not arbitrary for a social group . 
  there are both fraternities and sororities in my country , they get along perfectly well and both think such membership segregation is a good idea as long as there are both kinds of organizations . 
  there is also one mixed organization , but it 's not nearly as popular . 
  stop seeing ghosts where there are none . 
  i 've heard russian tourists often have the mentality that `` we have paid for the accommodation , now we can do everything . '', 
   r not , since you ca n't give us any number .
