  what influence ? 
  you just gave away your trump card by lifting sanctions ... should we sanction them again after their next crime only to wait for another goon to come and say we should lift the sanctions and be friends ? 
  ca n't you see how utterly naive that is ? 
   geopolitics is not something you can explain by logic and morality doesn t belong here . 
  of course they do . 
  we are moral states and we can not let immoral states play us against each other or consider themselves equal to us !, 
   countries could be enemies 1 day and friends another day ( turkey/syria , russia/turkey for example ) yeah , turkey effectively became a dictatorship , that 's what changed . 
  it said goodbye to its morals and almost switched sides ... 
  nice argumentation skills . . 
  but this is purely going to the political theory department . 
  when we talk of communist states , this is what we mean , because these states were ruled by communist parties under ideologies known as communism . 
  no , it 's the `` tactical enemy red '' !, 
  it 's not that they have n't focused on the middle east , it 's just that their conscripts are not trained to fight in the middle east , but in their own soil . 
  110 km trek in 3 days with -18 degrees was lots of fun , especially that you had to melt your drinking water by putting a bottle full of frozen water to your chest for hours , which was warmer than the rest of your freezing equipment . 
  as someone , who has gone through conscription , skiing through the deep snow countryside with -20 degree weather was the absolute worst experience of my service . 
  do n't you mean john smith from madison , wisconsin ? 
  turkey is getting darker indeed , but relatively light on that scale . 
  ca n't see what 's so dark about the us . 
   you can t simply ignore him . 
  tell me , what will happen if you do ? 
  i can tell you what will happen if we do n't ignore him and give him the attention every dictator graves ...  but you can t ignore multiple factors concerning this topic . 
  that appeasement has a nice sound ? 
   to your sentence they should be not contacted separately by western states , so what do you want eu only representing us , so there is no sovereignity left ? 
  i think it should be a common decision to not interact with putin alone . 
  in fact , the same should be decided for all undemocratic countries . 
   or us representing us as western leader ? 
  i was rather talking about the eu . 
   working with russia is not only necessary , but also prosperous for us ( eu ) . 
  prosperous as in working with a hostile dictatorship that constantly tries to scheme its way out of its crimes , turn european states against each other and can only win from any kind of appeasement policy that you offer . . 
  yes , but according to your definitions , has there ever been a communist state ? 
   serbia was doing exactly the same what russia was doing in chechnya . 
  you do n't say ... 
  however no , russia did n't exactly commit a genocide in chechnya . 
   level of violence in chechnya is very low now . 
  yeah , because russia denied their right of self determination and suppressed their independence as one would expect from that imperialist state . 
   i think that situation would be calm by now if nato would n't invade serbia . 
  jesus , nato invaded due to humanitarian concerns to end a genocide . 
   nato 's invasion to serbia was illegal . 
  humanitarian intervention is n't seen as illegal really . 
  it 's in a limbo i know , but one can not claim it was illegal as if it was black or white . 
   it was west who changed the borders in europe by force after wwii , russia simply repeated it . 
  rather a difference between the west , a collection of democratic countries , separating a region under existential threat from another to form an independent state and russia , one undemocratic country , annexing a peaceful region to its own territory . 
   but there were no other ways to organize referendum in crimea . 
  could be used as an argument to justify the 1940 invasion of estonia as well ...  ukraine would n't let it happen , they would arrest all activists , it 's not gb and scotland . 
  why would it , crimea is not some historical russian territory . 
  how is there no public ownership and how for example is the rest different from the soviet union or china , which were/are communist . 
  oh please , has any country ever been communist according to these standards ? 
  why excuse an ideology like that ? 
   i am the most realistic person in my circle of friends yet you support the appeasement policy proven to not work with hostile dictators . 
   i have no idea which of my arguments was idiotic because you think that sanctions do n't work in some magic way you want and therefore do n't work at all and russia has won so we should now get along and forget all those crimes . 
   i wasn t talking about land grabs , criminal state can mean many things . 
  of course it can , yet land grabs makes one dangerous to others . 
   yes why would you call , you don t care about anything other than putins regime . 
  i am interested in a very wide variety of world affairs . 
   show me 1 of mine comments where i said how great is russia , if you think it is defending russia when i said i am against prolonging sanctions ( where i gave reasons why ) than you have weird logic . 
  yes , not wanting to prolong sanctions is effectively defending russia , taking the russian side . 
   the fact that world is mostly grey is very relevant . 
  the world may be gray , but russia is the black sheep in this case . 
   wow you just said we should not cooperate with russia , , so who is naive now . 
  exactly , not cooperate in that sense until stolen land is returned . 
   have you ever heard any western politician to say not to cooperate with russia ? 
  no you have not , , because none of them is so stupid to say that . 
  if you think you can ignore from world affairs ( how you call it ) in this globalized world largest country and one of the most important you are not naive , you are an idiot ( it is not meant as an insult , it is a fact ) cooperation as an equal partner is what i meant . 
  of course russia should be informed of what is going on , however they should not be contacted separately by western states so that russia can manipulate them , only together so they can present a common ground . 
   again misinterpeting my words like 22nd time and you are doing it intentionally ... 
  which words ? 
  it would sure help if i could understand which of my sentences you are answering ...  where did i say 7 , 8 countries are not imperialist dictatorships stealing lands ? 
   how i said you if you want to do only the right and moral thing than you , can cooperate with only few western countries , maybe up to 7 , 8 , rest of the governments have their hands also dirty with terrible things ( some more , some less )  i said if you want to put morality in international relations you would be able to cooperate with maybe 7 , 8 truly democratic countries you said it yourself , the world is not black and white and i agree with it . 
  but russia is a black sheep right no without any shade of gray !, 
   this report focuses on the wave of arson and looting of serb and roma homes throughout kosovo that has ensued and on the harassment and intimidation , including severe beatings , to which remaining serbs and roma have been subjected . 
  most seriously , there has been a spate of abductions and murders of serbs since mid-june , including the massacre of fourteen serb farmers on july 23 . 
  not really comparable to state-organized events of the 1990s . 
  i 'm not defending kosovars here , it 's a fucked up region anyway , but providing examples of what is going on now , if the degree of violence is far lower than before , does n't really refute past political changes . 
   russian was regional language in ukraine . 
  do you understand the difference between regional and official languages ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't remember the specifics - what exactly was decided and what did it change ? 
   polls prove that the idea of joining russia existed and was very popular long before 2014 . 
  polls do n't legitimate a foreign invasion and an illegitimate referendum . 
  you could also justify stalin 's repressions with such an argument . 
   fuck that shit . 
  i believe this sentence came out way more often when skiing than during the rest of my service . 
  by the way , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo80zfh9o2q ) is a clip made by one of the guys from my year in the same company , 
   human rights watch report . 
  provide a quote or paragraph which you were referring to . 
   have n't you ever heard of the european charter for regional or minority languages ? 
  does it state which languages have to be official languages ? 
   it was always popular . 
  polls are not really equal to a referendum and legality is not decided by any poll . 
   mejlis was banned for a good reason , extremist organizations are not welcome in russia . 
  how comfortable . 
  russia is the extremist organization here , not the mejlis . 
  most local serbs live near the serbian border , not really under any control of the kosovar government . 
   it is pretty clear that idea of nato intervention was not to stop ethnic cleansings but to punish serbia . 
  clear to you perhaps , but not to the sane world . 
   soon after the revolution ukrainian parliament voted to cancel the law on state language policy which meant that russian wo n't be regional language in crimea anymore . 
  very good , why should it be ? 
   people of crimea were not very happy about it , they realized that soon they will be in position of russians in estonia - people of 2nd sort . 
  all people are equal in estonia and in ukrainian-controlled crimea . 
  perhaps you should read less propaganda from your government . 
   no wonder that idea to join russia became extremely popular .
