  seriously ? 
  because of history of warfare and a natural competition between you two ? 
   as you stay within your own borders for the next 71 years hey , look !, 
  we have an optimist here !, 
  the question that should really be asked : is anyone surprised ? 
  marginalizing and ridiculing religion and a fundamental separation of church and state work the best . 
  not really delusional about that . . 
  it 's not about you understanding them , it 's about everybody understanding the standard form . 
  oh i 'm sure the russians tried to implement a common language of their own ... 
  really depends where . 
  the hills start from southern estonia mostly , so most of estonia is as flat as the netherlands . 
  my 85 year old grandmother said she does n't even remember such a warm early winter . 
  as a true tallinner , i have never heard of that rest of estonia . 
  and as a true estonian , i still hate the weather . 
  well , as an atheist through and through , i can not agree with that . 
  their policies were way too harsh . 
  they repressed certain religious minorities ( like jehova 's witnesses ) , tore down churches under heritage protection , banned celebrating christmas , wrote down the names of children , who went to churches on christmas and later found ways to dealing with them etc. 
  even if it was n't it probably would n't much hurt us . 
  it 's not like they would ally with russia or anything ... 
  i only said i disagree with the latter point and we should treat them equally by our standards , not equally by the standards of their countries . 
  i never said anything about us bending the knee as said in his first two points . 
  assimilation happens only if you are half-russian or if there are no other russians nearby . 
  integration is what one should strive for !, 
  [ relevant estonian humor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwlkilxbghg ) . 
  it was the background music of some estonian 4x4 travelers in the far east . 
  still a favorite , 
  that 's where my great grandfather was sent to die . 
  he worked in gold mines ( as usual ) and eventually died of lung cancer ( as usual ) , two years before his promised release . 
  if it never existed , there would be another  coming from a country 's capital myself and not living there at the moment , i do get how people from the capitals/biggest cities tend to overvalue their city over the rest of the country . 
  well , just consider taking people from all over your country and stretching them out to populate thousands of kilometers of narrow wilderness . 
  would they be different from the average ? 
  not so much . 
  would their lives there affect their regional social characteristics ? 
  of course . 
   federal city = civilization nice one :d, 
  worked wonders . 
  who would n't want to move to a desolate siberian region next to the chinese border in the 1930s ? 
  i really thought it was estonia . 
  i have this feeling that people in the baltics empathize more with eastern russians because we feel there are more descendants of repressed people ( including our ethnic groups ) , plus they are more against putin 's regime . 
  are n't you also claiming that since they are all the same people that they should belong to serbia ? 
  i 've heard many finns pointing out this is fake in some way and that finland indeed was ahead in gdp per capita back then . 
  oh trust me , we would have more of these jokes . . :d, 
  and consider the situation in 1991 ... 
  post socialist regions in europe are relatively divided by religion . 
  while it was repressed in most parts and it worked , it was also used as a tool of protest against the socialist system in some countries ( say lithuania ) , where religion today again plays a moderate role . 
  however in other countries ( say estonia ) , religion just never recovered and probably never will . 
  after all , [ 89 % of young estonians are irreligious ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/religious_differences_in_estonia.png ) . 
   muslims can seek religious rights and privileges in non-muslim countries , but non-muslims who seek the same rights and privileges in muslim countries will be laughed away or harmed . 
  this is the only one i disagree with . 
  we are not muslim countries , nor are we dictatorships . 
  as these people do n't live in those countries anymore ( and perhaps for a good reason ) , they should not be treated by the standards of the country they escaped from . 
  i get it , but i still think that original  dubbing in any case . 
  that falling part is again weird because in relative terms it has remained mostly the same , plus this year was an increase for estonia due to immigration . 
  and in gdp per capita lithuania is doing better than estonia as estonia is not growing so strongly . 
  however in most other aspects , including hdi , we are quite a little ahead of lithuania and latvia indeed . 
  that 's a tad bit different issue . 
  although there may be a lot of corruption within the center party , that 's not the main problem with their rule . 
  it 's rather the legal reasons , like the municipal propaganda channel and unintelligent politics due to their absolute majority in the town council . 
  nationalities and ethnic groups definitely have a collective consciousness due to relatively restricted communication with mainly within your own nationality or ethnic group . 
  plus history tends to affect people of the same nationality/ethnic group in a similar way , so all have similar experiences within their families . 
  and when before did western europeans propose to fix a crisis with more problems ? 
  i can also compare my post socialist capital region with the netherlands , but this does n't mean my whole country is on the same level ... 
  it 's sort of weird though , like do the swiss germans really not consider themselves germans by ethnicity ? 
  i think it was somehow privately verbally referred to in some vague context , but it has been way misrepresented in russian media , like everything else of course . 
  be collectively against a destructive social policy you meant . 
  that 's not about solidarity , i 'd be very willing to collectively provide more into eu border defending , but if they willfully allow people to come in and stay , then we have a problem . 
  we agreed to be in a union with these countries , not with external groups . 
  their cooperation is fully opening their markets and abiding to mostly western european - created laws , which have made possible for them to buy up much of eastern europe as they have more resources for it . 
  plus , the problem was rather that there has n't been a particular problem like that for 12 years , but now that we have a problem with one policy , we are labeled as refusing to do our roles in the eu . 
  that 's why it 's ridiculous . 
  that 's why the dutch also have good english skills . 
  i think that 's what sets many countries apart in europe on english proficiency . 
  i agree that integrated people should have citizenships , however no way are all russians integrated , not even all the children born after estonia 's independence . 
  and well , i agree that they are not here illegally as of now , as their staying here has been sanctioned by the estonian government . 
  this does not change the fact that they were illegals upon estonia 's independence . 
  plus , sanctioning their staying here was relatively unpopular in estonia and it was done mostly in order to get russian troops out of estonia , which was a bigger and more imminent threat . 
  in the eu all eu residents can vote in municipal elections , that 's why . 
  many russians are indeed the `` little green men '' mentality . 
  if you have n't been here and do n't know what they are like , then i kindly ask you to stop your nonsense . 
  your case law was ridiculous and that 's it . 
  plus , estonian law is not us law - works on laws , not on ridiculous example cases . 
  fine , i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  i was angrily confronted on the issue when i generalized on the difficulties of integrating the muslims ... 
   unlike the baltics , are not suffering from brain drain that much do n't that much equate all three baltic states that much . 
  most estonians , who have left , have gone to finland or sweden , which is close enough for many to retain some lives in estonia . 
  weather really depends on what you prefer . 
  i would not like to live in 30 + c weather for example ... 
  all post-socialist states have [ some ] popular politicians from the socialist times . 
  as the communist and socialist parties were the only allowed parties , many good people were active in them , and eventually split the parties from inside , so their past party membership is not seen as something definitely negative . 
  i rather think the problem is the people , who got into politically influential positions or became wealthy businessmen in the early 1990s , which was a really chaotic time in the baltic states , which huge corruption and mob influence . 
  however the most successful examples have never been caught with corruption and they continue to be influential on mostly regional level . 
  and these people are mostly ethnic estonians/latvians , which is not to say that there are n't as many or more corrupted russians . 
  the latvian estonia-fandom is sometimes ridiculous though . 
  it sometimes seems like `` estonia doing better anyway '' is seen as an excuse for not being able to do the same in latvia . 
  that could very well be . 
  i imagine a lot less reluctance in accepting syrian refugees had western europeans not accepted so many other immigrants from [ muslim ] africa . 
  it 's just a cultural thing then i guess . 
  i saw some latvian television last year and was surprised by the amount of dubbing in it . 
  then again , some 35 year old latvian guys had trouble speaking english with me ... 
  yeah , i think i even remember the medication article controversy .
