  except hungary still is ...  crimea had a referendum you ca n't be that thick . . that referendum happened after russian invasion , meaning it was illegitimate . 
   but your ss devision was quite numerous . 
  you really do n't know your history then . 
  even the us congress said after the war :  the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states . 
   what is the difference ? 
  i do n't find russian revolting . 
  i and many other estonians do n't want to personally speak it in estonia . 
  you not wanting to speak english would be fine . 
  you claiming that english is an inferior language is not fine . 
  besides , what could be the political reasons you do n't want to speak english ? 
   ah , so all the russians have to do is apologise and you will forgive their sins ? 
  if they keep up the good act , try to make up for their crimes , teach about their crimes in their history classes , stop glorifying the red army and the ussr and become a democracy - then we will not forgive , but at least we would move on and try to have good relations with them in the future . 
  but for some reason , i do n't see all this happening . 
   you have deviated from the original post of `` nato seeking troops '' not sure how i deviated from this . 
   now you want to call strawman you really do n't know what a strawman argument is , right ? 
  i never said that i want somebody to invade russia , ** you said that !!, 
  ** you :  you will not be happy untill nato invade russia  wipes russia off the map and the whole of europe becomes a us state . 
   you want them to pay, 
  [ salted herring with sour cream ] ( http://kodukokk.ee/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/520_heeringas_pariisikartuliga-1.jpg ) is missing , 
   a democratic election would be a good start . 
  and they have that . 
   as is russia . 
  russia is not a democracy however . 
   it didnt ' your argument is invalid . 
  yes it did ... putin admitted this himself ...  russians only reanexed you after you were created by the germans . 
  created ? 
  what ? 
   nazi guys listen to this : ** being neutral makes you nazi . 
  ** apparently the swiss and the swedes were nazis too . 
   it is , nothing wrong with saying it . 
  how the hell does a person like this exist in the modern world ? 
   does n't make it democratic . 
  you really do n't seem to understand what does and what does n't make a country democratic ...  i mean look at hungary , look at orban , hes just a tini version of putin . 
  he is , but hungary is still a democracy , although with many problems . 
   and china same thing ...  still ilegal russia invades ukraine -  un wants to intervene -  russia vetoes it -  un intervenes anyway -  still illegal ...  worst than the french . 
  why so ? 
  the russians occupied us for decades and tried to russify us . 
  no wonder we choose not to speak it . 
   this is blind nationalism which brings to ww3 lol . 
   remembre on whos side you were during ww2 !, 
  neutral . 
   its an inferior language . 
  listen to this guys : ** english is an inferior language !, 
  ** i should really have you reported for that . 
   ** some ** more appeasing idiot nato rulers this !, 
   you will not be happy untill nato invade russia you are insane , i want no such thing !, 
   wipes russia off the map and the whole of europe becomes a us state . 
  i ca n't believe there are people like you out there , who suggest such things ...  you want them to pay ok , this is getting out of hand . 
  ** this is a huge strawman here !, 
  **  because you have been brought up in a hate filled environment . 
  you really have no idea . 
   imagine if all of us english hated the germans with such a vengeance germans committed crimes , paid their price , apologized ever since , are different now . 
  russians committed crimes , got all the glory , never apologized , glorify their crimes ever since , are more or less the same today . 
  ** there 's the bloody difference . 
   people dont even directly vote for their pressident . 
  indirect elections are a thing in several countries . 
  their parliament is voted democratically , their electors are voted democratically , they have a free media = it is a democratic state . 
   as democratic as russia at this point . 
  you are really really pushing it too far here . 
   that is why the securety council forbade the operation . 
  that 's why russia vetoed it ... much of the world thought this was the right thing to do though . 
   i mean it is a comon lingua franca of the former ussr so it would be safe to asume ... 
  assume less , know more . 
  most young estonians ( users of reddit ) do n't even speak russian ... and a wide majority of us choose to not speak russian even if we do know how to . 
   its not like you uralics have some sort of mutualy intelegable language to the rest of europe . 
  it 's called english . 
   the only military deterrence is called nuke . 
  it is really not . 
   what you are doing is creating an russian enemy lol , of course it 's us , who are creating an enemy here ...  to promote your military agenda lol , what military agenda ? 
  :d  to counter this more or less fictitious enemy guys , read this : '' ** russia is a fictitious enemy !!!, 
  ** '' :d  you are not trustworthy with your belligerent positions . 
  yeah , let 's avoid war by not contributing on defense . 
  an age-old unintelligent argument ... 
   that you feel so strongly against russia russia is a hostile dictatorship . 
  that is a fact . 
   nato are `` idiot rulers '' oh boy , i really did not say that . 
  read again . 
   you do not have much faith in anything but weapons do you . 
  against russia with its current government ? 
   from your hate filled comments nice ...  you would be leading the invasion of russia tomorrow what the actual fuck ?? 
  when have i ever supported invading russia ? 
  are you even for real ?? 
  how do you put your panties on in the morning ??? 
   would that be a correct assumption ? 
  want to guess yourself perhaps ? 
   how about usa ? 
  definitely a democratic state . 
   hungary ? 
  poland ? 
  still democracies , with a chance of moving in the opposite direction . 
   idk maybe operation mercyfull angel !, 
  directly against securety council decision !!!, 
  do you know , who is also a member of the security council ? 
  serbia 's good ol' friend russia ...  russia didnt atack latvia or lithuania . 
  again , just so thick ...  because estonia is full of russians 30 % are russophone , many rather carrying the russian flair . 
  it 's quite a faux pas to start a conversation in russian with estonians , thinking they may speak it or even may want to speak it . 
  of course , but i meant european members . 
  oh boy ... military deterrence means making a possible invasion as difficult as possible , in this case adding more troops to counter the major russian military supremacy in the nearby region . 
   you don \u00b4 t avoid a conflict sending weapons to that `` conflict '' yes you do . 
  imagine the opposite .
