  i do n't know what your problem is . 
  it probably just depends on the other language . 
  in english `` the netherlands '' is fairly simple to use . 
  another problem is that the word `` nether '' means `` low '' and is directly translated and * madalmaa * could very well mean any `` low land '' ( * madal maa * ) . 
  yes . 
  although i see this more among latvians than lithuanians . 
   back in the 1990s when they came up with this plan to brand themselves as nordic yes , we have a great conspiracy going on . 
   so now every self respecting estonian nationalist thinks that being baltic is somehow bad how come you are still on this ? 
  since when does different = better/worse ? 
  seriously , what is wrong with you guys and such ridiculous accusations ? 
   speaking frankly : you do very much have `` second class citizens '' though ... we only have citizens and people , who are not citizens . 
  it is really as simple as that . 
   it 's obviously not super-racist , but there really never was any other reason for not offering citizenship to all long term inhabitants other then `` russophobia '' . 
  yeah , `` no other reason '' being that they are illegal immigrants . 
  please educate yourself more on the subject before you open your mouth . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , then it did recognize the illegal and secret chapters of the molotov-ribbentrop pact in the late soviet times . 
  this of course did not change anything as estonia remained under a foreign occupation ( although * de facto * self-governing by that time ) . 
   i know several people who think that citizens of the baltic countries are just ungrateful bastards . 
  this lie is huge . 
  i 've seen tv shows where they talk about this and how russia should issue a formal demand for reparations as they `` invested so much '' into the baltic states . 
  strong supporters of abolishing the flat income tax and replacing it with a progressive tax , support of creating utterly unnecessary municipal jobs ( like the infamous `` bus guards '' ) to fight with joblessness , promising radical pension and social welfare rises which every sane person knows they wo n't be able to fulfill etc , etc , etc. 
  the more they are being lied to , the more they believe those lies . 
  but could the word `` fanatic '' be used if such a huge share of the population shares these views ? 
  sounds more like a systematic problem than a case of fanaticism . 
  i have to agree that the netherlands has a fucked up scenario . 
  * but * it 's sort of their own fault for having their name in plural , which is extremely shitty to use in many languages . 
  but there is also the balkan peninsula . 
  this is a geographic term first . 
  balkan people are all the ethnic groups living on the balkan peninsula . 
  there is no macro ethnic group called the balkan people . 
  the term baltic is of the baltic sea , yet the term balts only refers to two and the baltic states to three countries , while several others border the baltic sea . 
  so in that sense , i do n't really see an analogy here . 
  because it is used as a primary term for all three , even when talking about them separately . 
  look , i get the need to sometimes group these countries together . 
  and that sometimes is a wide case as we have common geopolitical history from 1939 and on , including common stance on russia . 
  this is not little , but this is not enough to be used as the main grouping for the three countries as there are vast ethno-linguistic , religious and historical divisions between the three countries and such a grouping only creates unnecessary generalizations . 
   i am for increased cooperation between our three states who is n't ? 
   i do n't want us to be divided into a million different groups . 
  in what sense ? 
  there are three nations within this grouping - two baltic and one finnic . 
  there 's also the grouping of estonia + latvia v. lithuania in the historical and religious context . 
  you ca n't generalize and pretend like these divisions do n't exist . 
   we stand together as our fathers and mothers did in the 90ies , rather then piss all over each other screaming about who is not baltic , who is finnic and how that makes us completely different peoples for god knows what fucking reason . 
  what would be the reason for being different ? 
  we * are * different , regardless what we want . 
  i still fail to see the logic where being different = wanting bad relations etc. 
   no one is forcing you to become a balt to be in the baltic states , that 's how we 're called !, 
  i think we can compare it with three neighbors living in one house . 
  two of them are brothers and share the same surname , but because three live in the same house , face the same problems and get along really well , the world treats them as the same bunch ( for obvious reasons of course , knowing very little about their differences ) and often calls them by the same name . 
  now if the third guy sometimes points out that he does n't carry that surname as he 's from a different family , does that mean that he does n't want to be friends with the two brothers or that he thinks better of himself ? 
  because if so , then that 's the logic i just do n't get . 
   if you argue against the term - baltic states - by itself , then , yes , i do believe you think you 're deluded or want to be better than us . 
  and this is the shit i just do n't get . 
  for very obvious reasons . 
  the term either comes from baltic people i.e. 
  balts or the baltic sea . 
  both are rather misleading as there are only two major baltic peoples ( latvians and lithuanians ) , while all countries adjacent to the baltic sea could be named baltic in that sense , but you do n't really see that happening . 
  eastern baltic ( after the sea ) may be closer to the truth , but it would still include finland and perhaps bits of russia , but on the other hand eastern baltic is also [ an ethno-linguistic term ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_languages ) that again excludes estonians . 
  i like bringing out mistakes . 
  i 'm not automatically angry over them , but i think it 's a necessary human behavior as that 's at least one step closer to this mistake not being repeated again . 
  which would all be fine , but every time a mistake like this is brought out , there will be some latvians and lithuanians , who come with arguments like `` he wants to be better than us '' or `` he has delusions '' whatever . 
   does he/she see being baltic as something bad , what a classic . 
  i do n't know where this stems from . 
  considering the amount of close friends i have in latvia , such a conclusion is just preposterous . 
  my only problem is that this term creates a generalization . 
  many people will think that there 's this huge similarity between the three countries . 
  while estonia might share a lot with latvia , as does lithuania with latvia , but estonia and lithuania share rather little . 
  and a collective history under a foreign occupation is sort of unjustified for a regional grouping . 
  imagine calling half of europe one region because they were under nazi occupation . 
  what 's the purpose of that ? 
   i guess he likes to force the pov that they are more like finns than baltic . 
  wtf , seriously . 
  are you really lacking in education or something ? 
  we are not finns . 
  we are finnic people , i.e. 
  baltic finns , just like finns themselves . 
  it 's not such a difficult concept , i do n't understand why you have problems comprehending it . 
   estonia will be a baltic state for the general population for years to come . 
  because the general population especially outside these countries knows jack shit about these countries . 
   but we do consider them to be baltic ( but not balts , yes i know its difficult ) ) which is sort of horribly confusing for people outside this region , do n't you think ? 
   `` baltic states `` is a popular and useful classification . 
  yes . 
  but `` balts '' is not for estonians , it 's just incorrect . 
  they 've got this idea that every time someone from estonia brings out our differences with the baltic states , we must be looking down on them for some reason . 
  as if different = better . 
  except `` balts '' is n't used for estonians in any context , unlike the term `` baltic states '' , which is conventionally used for estonia as well , be it reasonable or not . 
  since `` baltic states '' is not an ethnic grouping , then there really is no other way to name all their people as `` inhabitants of the baltic states '' . 
  the terminology is murky already with the inclusion of estonia into the umbrella term `` baltic states '' . 
  calm your tits , nobody 's triggered . 
  it was just an incorrect usage of an ethnic term . 
  what if some people deserve to be called `` russian puppets '' ? 
  nordics is not an ethnic term . 
  the macro ethnic group would be [ finnic people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_finns ) ( and the far larger finno-ugric people or uralic people ) . 
  the term `` baltic finns '' is a synonym , but it sort of creates a confusion as it sounds as if it 's somehow related to baltic people , i.e. 
  balts . 
  understandable . 
  i as a local am rather tired of such articles . 
  they offer nothing new , just repeat the same old story which we have known for decades . 
  apparently the washington post does n't know that the word [ balts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ) is an ethnic term for only latvians and lithuanians , but not estonians . 
  basically : how is it not ?
