  never argued against this . 
   iran is actually the second or third most democratic nation in the middle east which does n't make it democratic , plus lebanon , kuwait , jordan , oman and qatar all have better results in freedom house ranking . 
   dictatorships tend to be far more unstable than democracies , actually i guess it depends on what you mean by this . 
  a dictatorship probably has much more stable everyday politics , which a democracy naturally does n't . 
  but in the modern world a democracy will most likely not relapse into a chaos like this as there is no such large opposition to the current regime , which will then most likely be outvoted anyway . 
  but this can be just our western standards , perhaps it depends more on the culture , education level and corruption than anything else . 
   assad was far worse . 
  i do n't know about that , hussein was pretty notorious in hist actions and assad has been especially hostile mostly during the civil war . 
   the house of saud are way worse , both in what they do to their own people , the ideology that they export , and their wars in neighboring nations . 
  to a degree - it is not so much of a hostility in the same sense , but rather ideological repression . 
  however as long as there exists no such opposition in this country , there will also be no change . 
  western countries will never invade a country strong , calm and cooperating enough without there being internal revolts already going on in the country . 
   if we 'd have plan to make it into a democracy , do you really think it would justify invading the country ? 
  fine , it would be justified if there was an active internal opposition to the dictatorship . 
   even if it would likely lead to a war with russia ? 
  that goes within the `` plan '' condition as any such invasion would realistically lead to no adequate results . 
   i would be very cautious with toppling regimes . 
  not only has it failed many times and made things worse because the implementing of any new regime has been terribly weak or nonexistent . 
  that 's why i like the grenada example - it was small enough to handle easily . 
   hated and mistrusted around the world . 
  i do n't share such hate - it 's their state controlled media , which generates such hate . 
  and as long as western countries have n't invaded democratic countries , then there can be no mistrust as we all know what the precondition for absolute certainty is that the west will never attack a nation . 
  no the main issue has been resolved - there is no more hussein government and most of the country is being controlled by moderate forces . 
  however as said , the resolution was shitty as in it caused plenty of new problems , whether smaller or bigger than the main problem at the beginning of the conflict . 
   the unfortunate truth is , if you look at us , uk , or indeed any foreign policy , you would be very hard-pressed to find a case where they 've actually spread democracy . 
  how about the grenada example ? 
  plus it 's not only about spreading democracy , but also taking out the most hostile dictators . 
   were all installed either by russia , the us , or the uk oh that indeed , perhaps at least now the regimes in place when they may not be fully democratic , they are at least more volatile . 
   who like sympathetic dicators far more than they like mercurial democracies ( like , for instance , iran ) indeed , iran however can not be considered a democracy either . 
  and countries like saudi arabia are just too strong for democratic countries to bring down with the force that would suit their electorates . 
   there 's something a bit strange about there being an inherent causus belli against dictatorships , when ( almost ) all the democracies in question went to war against the wishes of the people , and made only token efforts to establish democracy in iraq afterwards . 
  badly implemented new regime definitely leads to think that it was only the toppling of the violent dictator which was the goal and not the wellbeing of the people and the functioning of the state . 
   that only made decisions like this with big popular mandates legislators make laws and the executives make decisions based on these wars !, 
  i could n't imagine a world where there would be referendums on whether or not to invade another country . 
   spreading well-functioning democracy whether a democracy is well-functioning of course depends on many aspects not related to its implementing force , like culture , corruption , education level , internal struggles etc. 
   it 'd be very hard to argue that ` spreading democracy ' was ever more than marketing . 
  but was this even the case for the iraq war ? 
  people do say that , but was n't the reason more to topple hussein , because one would be crazy to think that iraq might have a `` well-functioning democracy '' any time in the near future, 
  basically the invasion was a relatively shitty resolution to a horrible situation . 
  i am of the same opinion . 
  i think it 's always justified for democratic countries to topple dictators , but only as long as there is a plan to implement a democratic system or at least a more moderate alternative . 
  iraq was just an invasion with very few plans how to run the country afterwards . 
  there have been better examples - grenada for example . 
  but i shall not continue with this , i 've been banned for less ... 
  indeed , one thing is to criticize the justification for the war and the utterly failed aftermath of it , another is to feel any remorse for a totalitarian dictator, 
  but now australia is included in europe anyways , so you do n't need to worry about it anymore , 
  the americans must be really confused when reading this post , or not ? 
  damn those hairy australian women !, 
  yeah , i know , a thumbnail of the video would surely help, 
  that 's literally what the video explained , plus the same applies for estonian, 
  because other candidates do n't have sponsors, 
  quite difficult to pick between finland and latvia . 
  while the general answer would be finland definitely , i personally have loads of friends in latvia , while i have very few in finland . 
  great grandfather or course  he served in the infamous kuperjanov partisan battalion and met my great grandmother while stationed in puurmani manor , the furthest estonian outpost during the initial bolshevik offensive . 
  she however was the illegitimate daughter of baron von manteuffel . 
  oh , history is wonderful !, 
  well , then you ca n't say that they went crazy war nuts as soon as they saw a land  colonization often happened more than a century after the discovery of new land . 
  doubt any exploration party thought seriously about colonization . 
  they were intended for a different purpose . 
  imagine carrying all you need for a successful colonization without knowing where you are going ... 
  can you give one example ? 
  i do n't think `` too many '' is a thing on its own . 
  it all depends on the nature of these wars , whether they were justified and legal . 
  if only we had a word for negative progress . 
  ah , who could remember all the wars the uk has been in ? 
  i would n't underestimate the significance of cooperation in the helmand province . 
  is the british campaign in the baltic in 1918-1919 known to brits or not ? 
  it was n't only the armored trains , it was also the infantry and the cavalry . 
  the cavalry regiment crossed daugava at j\u0113kabpils , you know . 
  my great grandfather was injured less than 10 kilometers from the latvian border , in the [ battle of paju ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_paju ) . 
  i like [ spires ] ( http://kyoko.smartweb.rs/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/k-r-1.jpg ), 
  not so distant in that sense !, 
  why can not we compare two utterly different systems when there is a similar aspect about the two ? 
  perhaps it was , it 's not entirely known because tallinn and riga used different measuring units at times and it 's not really known which unit the medieval report uses . 
  it could have been , as its spire has burned down several times since then , but on medieval paintings it does n't look particularly higher than it is now . 
  i think by the time you reach tallinn with a rowing boat such a minor issue will have no importance anymore . 
  this is a mast . 
  if you want to exclude the mast part from the tv tower , then it would still be the highest building . 
  tallinn tv tower is `` slightly '' higher than these ... 
  [ anywhere near russia ? 
  i did n't say they were the same , just that you can not automatically link the support for independence of the entire region to the support for independence of the titular ethnic group , plus it would n't be exactly uncommon for the controlling state to send its own people to distant areas to create a fifth column of people to create a forever illusion of satisfaction ... and please , stop putting words into my mouth . 
   are you advocating for a war in europe ? 
  wow , the folks like you . 
   is beyond idiotic . 
  i never said that there is just as much reason to secede , just that there is ** just as much right ** to do so . 
  if spain * de facto * does not allow for the right of self determination , then the two are not so distant from each other after all ... 
   you clearly have n't studied law.the ussr included the right to self determination in it 's constitucion then why righteously claim that i `` clearly have n't studied law '' ? 
  first of all , it 's not like soviet constitutional law is part of the modern curriculum - it 's more a subject of history than law . 
  secondly , why even bring it up if you know very well such right never existed ? 
  if you have trouble reading , then i can not help you . 
  our discussion was much more theoretical and not only about catalonia . 
  him  well that is your opinion . 
  i personally , as long as my vote count towards the leadership and the local governance cant be bothered with the symbolism of calling that leader and governance ours . 
  i dont see how that would make me sleep better . 
  me  seriously ? 
  if a bigger nation were to name bulgaria an integral part of its territory and take control of the country , then you would agree with the democratic decisions of that country ? 
  if they changed your official language for example . 
  you would agree ? 
   we are subscribers of the same subs and i read your comments and how does this relate to this thread ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncodified_constitution uncodified constitution is still a constitution .
