  a human being perhaps , but i still support abortion . 
  still self-entitled , as if pro-abortion people were n't pro-life ... 
   i do care to insult little bitches like you . 
  finally revealing your true self !, 
   but seriously , you do n't even get how dumb you sound , do you ? 
  because i contend to know a thing or two about history and the social aspects of religion , unlike you , apparently . 
   so unless you argue that soviets did have deities to believe in , then you do n't and ca n't have a point . 
  no , i am saying the soviets used it in a far more skewed sense . 
   you want to convince everyone that all the shit the soviets did was not in the name of atheism . 
  there 's nothing to convince , such a thing never happened !, 
   but you sound like all the sheep out there , ` beeeh , shiism is not the true islam , sunism is , beeeh ' . 
  how the heck did we get to islam ? 
   is because , - again and again - , atheism is not a belief system that can be framed , purified , and so on . 
  atheism is a simple acknowledgement of a true/false statement , whether one believes in some deities , or not . 
  yes , then why are you arguing against me here ? 
  the soviets used it in a far different concept , with a strong ideological bias that had nothing to do with atheism , but communism and the totalitarian dictatorship . 
   so whatever ` version ' the soviets had , they still were atheists they may have been also atheists in the common sense , but what distinguishes them is that they were first and foremost communists , who had a twisted idea about religion and atheism . 
   why would it matter ? 
  because it shows how skewed it was and how politically influenced . 
  again , not followed by any non-communist atheist ... 
  which already exists with moderate speeds anyway . 
  ussr did n't care about atheism nor religion , they cared about diminishing the role of religious institutions as they did with all independent institutions . 
   it seems to me that you have read some books , but not fully understood the meaning . 
  and what book is that . 
  i mean , if you already know , better share with me too !, 
   it does n't matter one bit , what were the intentions , reasons , what were the methods , aggressiveness and all that jazz . 
  it does n't ? 
  wth ...  what they were , was atheists yes . 
   what the state-policy was , was a-theistic ( lack of belief in deities ) , and that is all what matters . 
  no , there is no `` atheist policy '' out there , there was only communist policy and it included the deranged used of atheism . 
   and i 'm a grown-up who does n't care , and still i 'm the one who makes sense . 
  if anything , then you are a person , who cares quite a bit ... and i understand why you would make sense in your own head . 
  what do you think is more likely ? 
   kiddo ironic because it 's you , who sounds like a 12-year old ...  there is no ` true atheism ' , there is no ` idea of atheism ' , atheism is not a ` belief system ' , there is nothing to compare , because things are incomparable . 
   if you believe otherwise , then either you go and open whichever dictionary and educate yourself , either you are as lunatic as all the believers , who refuse to accept facts . 
  if i open a dictionary , i will find the common meaning of the word ... 
  please educate yourself on what the soviet use of the word was . 
   common meaning of the word is a lack of belief in deity or deities . 
  period . 
  yeah , with that i agree with . 
  now please educate yourself on what the soviet use of the word was . 
  no , their god was their dictator and their religion was communism . 
  how they used the word `` atheism '' strongly differs from its common use . 
   read the hell up , ffs . 
  lol , bantering like a 12 year old now ...  and yet another was , because they did not believe in god , and were atheists . 
  now hold on a minute !, 
  i did not say that they were n't atheists , i said that their idea of atheism is incomparable with the common meaning of the word !, 
   what the fuck are you arguing , kiddo ? 
  what a nice joke you are . . 
  it does n't contradict anything , just do n't compare two different things . 
  the nazis also had their views about `` race '' and `` people '' and all that - they do n't really correspond with the common meanings of the words . 
  same with `` atheism '' in soviet ideology . 
  no seriously , go and educate yourself !, 
  the soviets had their own idea what atheism is , it was strongly politically influenced , a tool of the communist dictatorship !, 
  are you actually religious to banter like this ? 
   in his mind soviet = bad , atheism = good do you not agree with this ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   rather a ` skewed idea of atheism ' , which is moronic statement in itself . 
  chill the heck out , if you do n't know your history and do n't understand why more and more people are atheists now , then kindly stay away from these arguments . 
  you even comparing the soviet idea of atheism with actual atheism is just insane ... 
  soviets cared little for atheism , their idea was to get rid of religion which they saw as a potential threat in organizing the people against the regime . 
   communist atheism is still atheism no it 's not , it was a political ideology . 
  the only reason the ussr claimed to be atheist is so that they could be against religions , which they saw as a possible threat in organizing the people against the state . 
   and i say this as a pro-life atheist . 
  `` pro-life '' - what a self-entitled label ... 
  i just do n't want my country being associated with him , what 's wrong with that ? 
  is it ? 
  if i was part of another society and having said the things he said in that interview , i probably would . 
  weird that he has kept his russian name then . 
  some russian gamer living in estonia . 
  his name is clement ivanov . 
  does n't sound like estonian to me ... 
  you can be triggered twice !, 
  well we have that `` can not into nordics '' thing going on , so one and a half ? 
  i am an atheist , i know very well what it means . 
  just do n't compare it with anything the soviets had in mind with atheism ... 
   appointment of a pro-russian prime minister of estonia it really is n't like that . 
  i would n't call j\u00fcri ratas pro-russian - he has been a pro-western/pro-liberal opposition inside the party for a long time and he got in power in the party a few weeks ago . 
  i do find it cynical for the conservatives and social democrats to switch into a coalition with his party as despite ratas himself being an ok guy , his party is still corrupt as fuck , gets most of its votes from russians and has a cooperation treaty with putin 's united russia party . 
  however still , i would n't call ratas pro-russian . 
   we have to be able to separate being pro-russian and being pro-kremlin . 
  yeah that 's rarely the case in estonia . 
  pro-western and pro-estonian russians do n't even stick out from the regular estonian society . 
  the estonian centre party is not about such people either . 
   because most of finnish culural and religious traditions come from sweden not sure if most and you really do n't know estonia again . 
   argue for a russian yeah , again ...  and estonians do n't have a viking history and again ... 
  that is another issue . 
  do n't even start to compare atheism with what the soviets did !, 
  nice to be characterized as a russian ... 
  the difference obviously exists , but the difference is not as stark . 
  just look at one of my old posts [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/58q7x4/these_colour_distributions_are_pissing_me_off/ ) . 
  it is possible to choose a good colour scheme without being subjective like the op was . 
  no , it has to do with soviet anti-religious stance and their skewed idea of atheism . 
  yet so often they think their land includes all the places they have once roamed ... 
  [ again ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/58q7x4/these_colour_distributions_are_pissing_me_off/ ) , a non-gradual colour scheme with a stark contrast between arbitrary decades just to make the differences between eastern and western europe look more stark ... 
  not sure this has anything to do with atheism . 
  how do you not get it ? 
  it 's the random difference of colour between arbitrary decades that makes the map subjective as it creates a starker difference between eastern and western europe than there actually is . 
  i bet most foreigners do n't even understand how differently yuri/juri and [ j\u00fcri ] ( http://forvo.com/word/j\u00fcri/#et ) sound ... 
  yeah it 's not that simple .
