  frew ? 
  asertion ? 
   no shit , you might want to look up the winner takes all type of system we have . 
  of course it 's a shitty system , but how would you have more say on foreign policy with a proportional system ? 
   but at least he 's anti-nato . 
  at least ? 
  you genuinely think this is a good thing ??? 
  wtf ... 
   putin is n't hitler i know that he is a different person . 
  he is just acting like he is . 
   and you 're more of an enemy to us than he is . 
  ** jesus f. christ ** are you a hillbilly ? 
  no , at least not in linguistic ( = ethnic ) terms . 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hellenic_languages ) . 
   now fyromians are of slavic origin ( slavs came in the balkans about 1000 years after the ancient macedonian kingdom ) living in lands with no connection to ancient macedon , until 1945 they were not even called `` macedonians '' and here we are discussing if the ancient macedonian history is `` their own '' . 
  this is nation building at its worst . 
  no , you guys are just utterly unintelligent about history teaching . 
  many countries teach what happened in their country 's territory before their ancestors came there ... 
  it 's like schools in canada and the us have no right to teach native american history ? 
   praising person they have no right to ? 
  lol, 
  what confusion ? 
   sure . 
  so do n't be surprised that many ( most ? ), 
  of us are n't super proud of who our government supports the thing is that with representative democracy you do n't pick policies , you pick politicians . 
  and usually there are more important policies to base the vote on than how the state gets along with two far away nations . 
  this is common everywhere . 
  plus more knowledgeable people may have more insight on who to support than the average voter . 
  how is that stealing history again ? 
  lol , nobody is stealing history ... 
  apparently most old women = best, 
  estonians and lithuanians can relate . 
  ( looking at you , latvia ! ), 
  yes , of course . 
  but why are you surprised that there is a modern unrelated nation named the same way ? 
  i do n't even understand what 's your problem with it . 
   it may be ` democratic ' but it does n't give voters shit in terms of deciding foreign policy . 
  no , i have no problem with that aspect . 
  you literally can not make this aspect any better , you would always have just as little to contribute to the us foreign policy as a voter . 
  in any system , the more intelligent class will be elected , so they make smarter choices than cooperating with hitler vol . 
   nice fantasy world you live in . 
  no , this is democracy for you . 
  apparently not enough people agree with you , so your ideas do n't get through ... 
   well technically they are . 
  technically they are not . 
  both were hellenic , but ancient macedonian = / = greek . 
  their own , because that happened in the territory that they now possess ... 
  who the heck forgets the other macedonians in history writing ? 
   thats not an answer to my queston . 
  answer : no , it does not . 
  how you will read it : the uk does n't have a constitution . 
  how it really is : the uk does n't have a codified constitution . 
   i provide you examples of the only legal ones . 
  lol , til that the british constitutional system is illegal  is not something a constitution would say . 
  this is not * the constitution * of the uk , it is a timeline of british constitution with links to constitutional acts . 
  seriously , why are you arguing with more knowledgeable people ? 
   they do n't like democracy , and you cant force them . 
  who ? 
  the people ? 
  how do you know that if you ca n't democratically ask them ? 
   this would be agains the idea of the united natons where all countries and all the systems they have participate . 
  even sick nations like dictatorships sadly ...  mostly in political expression . 
  you cant wawe around a swastika , you cant denie the holocoust you cant say a tone of other shit . 
  swastika is n't really part of politics either , it 's part of a repressive history . 
   you cant denie the holocoust you can do it academically if i recall correctly - you can not do it with an empty political statement as the holocaust has more or less been proven by a multitude of facts . 
   how much restrictions is aceptable in a democracy . 
  if you alowe for some you alower for all do n't you ? 
  you see its hard to define no , personal for everyone . 
  you should not ridicule someone 's personal life unless that person has made his or her personal life a public matter . 
   free speach alowes me to mock any person on the street for whatever reason . 
  does it not ? 
  to a degree - doing it publicly affects people a lot . 
  this should be absolutely banned as it serves no purpose . 
   if not how much limitation is aceptable in a democracy . 
  personal space  democracy  but is not electing the upper house democratic ? 
  upper houses usually do n't have that much power , especially if they are not elected . 
   how about the head of state/pressident should that office be elected in a democratic country ? 
  should * if * that head of state has executive powers . 
  if the head of state is only ceremonial , then there is no need for that . 
   thank you for agreing with me that united kingdom is not a democratic country . 
  yes it is , one of the most democratic countries in the world . 
   you ca n't seriously think that all non-dictatorships have the same amount of power given to their people . 
  in the concept of electing mps , * yes * , i do think that . 
   only someone who has n't actually had to experienced our system of government would have such a high opinion of it . 
  i do n't have a high opinion of the us political system . 
   actualy , this interwiew was filmed . 
  if memory serves me corectly . 
  now you made the positive statement , go and find it . 
   russia denies a tone of stuf every day , its possible they missed thisone . 
  no , not by accident . 
  * saaremaa and no , these are common everywhere . 
  do n't worry , we can not be friends with our government anymore . 
  plus , there 's a saying in estonia : `` the government that raises the tax for beer , wo n't last . '', 
   does the uk have `` the constitution of the united kingdom of great britain and northen ireland '' or does it not ? 
  that is not a precondition ...  aparently , while i provide you with examples of constitutions you go around making baseles claims . 
  show me the uk constitution . 
  you provide examples of codified constitutions while leaving out the few uncodified ones . 
   show me the uk constitution . 
  [ here ] ( https://conlawfiles.org/chronology/ ), 
   yes , countries run by dictators reflect the dictators decision in their un voting .
