  i honestly know very few estonians with foreign parents or grandparents . 
  perhaps russian , but that 's a whole different and recent story . 
  and of course , i do n't mind that `` some '' mixing , nor some immigration if it comes from normal countries , meaning people coming here will be educated and integratable enough and wo n't form their own hostile communities . 
  and endogamy is n't really a problem in estonia , as i said there is and always has been some mixing . 
  furthermore , a nation of 1 million is not too small either to have endogamy as a real problem . 
  what 's particularly right with it ? 
  its funny you 'd think that ... 
  nobody ever claimed it was . 
  that went well ? 
  that ended with almost 700 years of serfdom for estonians . 
   that 's assuming the trends are set in stone , they 're not . 
  estonia had positive growth too until recently . 
  which is why immigration is not the solution . 
  things will change , the current demographic decline is well aligned with the general north-eastern european population decline , supported by effects of post-socialist economics . 
   a large number of the leaders of our national awakening were of german descent . 
  like who ? 
  they most likely just had german surnames , like many estonians did back then . 
   if you are an atheist , you are simply not part of the traditionally-defined greek nation . 
  its a fact . 
  that may have been true for contemporary irreligious majority countries as well , however things will change . 
  a nation truly is more than just religion . 
  in a way , latvia and lithuania have a far worse demographic situation , mostly due to estonians going to work to finland , which has a similar language and is near enough to retain their lives in estonia . 
  many latvian and lithuanian emigrants however , are gone forever . 
  also , birth rates are higher in estonia than in latvia and lithuania . 
  also the population of ethnic russians is shrinking faster than that of estonians , so the whole demographic decline thing is not as catastrophic as one would read from simple data . 
  indeed , the russians coming now often are part of some kind of opposition activity in russia . 
  yes ? 
  which is ok , since their inclusion has been evolutionary , not revolutionary . 
  but if the government suddenly decided that we will adopt thousands of new arabic words , then people will most likely see it as a problem . 
  what a twisted analogy ... 
  by comfortably , he meant speaking their language like in their native country , which should not be the case in estonia , where russians are not the indigenous people . 
   why is that a problem ? 
  because the ussr sent them here as a crime against international law to create an integral fifth column in estonia and to control the country through those people . 
  that was a tragedy for the estonians , still is . 
   why is that a problem ? 
  a modern democratic state should not be trying to assimilate its ethnic minorities . 
  a modern democratic state should also stand for its indigenous people and that this indigenous culture wo n't be obliterated by the alarmingly bigger one next doors . 
  the people immigrating now are usually intellectuals , quite many of whom have some sort of disagreement with the russian leaders . 
  so you 'd actually support sending more russians into estonia , even though the russians are the historical oppressor nation and who constitute already an alarming 30 % of the nation ? 
  neither do you apparently . 
  of course the soviets were a major power in defeating the nazis , but do n't act like they could have done it alone without the western allies opening the second front or the us offering technical aid to the soviets . 
  do n't forget the importance of us technical support for the soviets during all this time . 
  i thought i was a horrible racist . 
  at least that 's what every other person seems to think of these words in this subreddit . 
  it 's not as simple as that . 
  yet if there are more births than deaths , will the population skyrocket into billions ? 
  of course the fact itself is know , yet it 's weird that one has to google it to find out why . 
  if you guys had any decent history education , you would n't be asking these questions on such a generalized level , rather the exact specifics of the occupation or world war ii . 
   every estonian [ that i 've met ] had some german , finnish and/or russian grandparents that 's hardly the case . 
  the mixing is centuries old , most estonians now have grandparents , who were also estonians . 
  us not having genetic purity in that sense is because we have mixed a lot , although perhaps less in reality than many people think the occupations caused mixing . 
  and the cuteness or whatever would not last if we took in a massive amount of people from far away . 
  the previous people groups that we mixed with were from nearby and looked similar anyway . 
  yeah , perhaps here 's where my views differ with many people - i do n't think you can be swedish until some of your ancestors are swedish . 
  mixed people can be both , but integrated or even assimilated immigrants are simply not part of that ethnic group . 
  it does n't mean they should n't be allowed to stay there or they could n't be a president of the country if they were citizens by birth , but still , their ethnic group would not be swedish if at least one of their parents was not swedish . 
  i think the leaders should be more cunning , like do you want to have a treaty with ukraine or do you want to have a treaty with turkey . 
  that 's an easy way to get any country in ... 
  the estonians in sweden now ? 
  well if diversity is not a goal on its own , then why do you think the goal has to be in the far opposite corner ? 
  there is no such thing as `` genetic purity '' among estonians , who have mixed with many of our neighbors throughout history . 
  however why ca n't the goal be ** relative ** genetic homogeneity ? 
  i simply do n't get how people interpret that as racism ... 
  i 'm fine with other countries doing the same . 
  well if you think about it real hard , you 'll be able to find the right answer . 
  how can you even be so unintelligent to think that mass immigration is good ? 
  i 'm not some raging nationalist here , quite an average person with a good higher education , not even considering voting for any far-right party . 
  it really depends . 
  like , let 's say in sweden - estonians there , speaking swedish , yet speaking estonian as well and taking part in estonian cultural life are still foreigners in sweden in my eyes . 
  it 's not always a bad or hostile minority , but they are still foreigners . 
  smaller ethnic groups sure are . 
  and oh , i 'm not particularly panicking with this issue , a couple of dozen arab refugees wo n't hurt us , but the promised five hundred are already going to be a noticeable minority . 
  and with integration , i 'd leave here anyone , who is already integrated - there was a case with an albanian family recently , who sort of got rejected because they had no reason to be refugees , yet they were later approved because their two daughters spoke estonian almost without an accent . 
  yet the people , who are n't able to speak the language after years of being here , i 'd be willing to toss them over the border even if they 've lived here for decades . 
  erm . . 
  will it ? 
  will it really ? 
  we should also make it that every small community can vote on its own and if one out of a thousand is against , then the whole nation wo n't approve it . 
  higher skilled workers ? 
  well , we are not particularly against immigration from inside the eu or from other non-muslim developed countries . 
  however we definitely do n't want immigration from a single place only , as we already have the huge unintegrating russian community . 
  was referring to the portuguese question on why almost half of europe is n't russia ... 
  similar appearance is what makes ethnic groups . 
  how can we consider one ethnic group to have a wide range of different genetic characteristics ? 
  some foreign looking people would n't matter in the general picture , but every other person being from somewhere else , that 's no longer a homogeneous nation . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm4ec01u0-4 ) or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oneqrawdlv4 ) just would n't look the same anymore ... 
  i just do n't get why diversity is a goal of its own to so many people . 
  this nation never occupied anyone else , we do n't have that colonial power guilt or whatever so that we would have to accept so many foreigners . 
  that 's an adequate question for a referendum . 
  did industrialization make us all unemployed and poor ? 
  i mean for a while , but then market changed and people were generally wealthier . 
  it 's up to the state to plan its laws so that automation wo n't fill the pockets of only the marginal minority . 
  then that 's what we are by now . 
  english also came from different languages , but it 's still english language today and suddenly forcefully adopting thousands of arabic words wo n't be so peacefully accepted ... 
  so despite you having such unintegrating neighborhoods , you still think it 's possible to divide immigrants in the country so that they will integrate ? 
  also , you need to take into account the relatively hostile russian minority in estonia that has been really hard to integrate as of now . 
  the who ? 
  i do , of course , and definitely as equals , but while i do that , i would n't want 40 % genetically different people here either ... 
  it 's about this article and that the population grew due to rising immigration , which was from non-russian language countries . 
  i have no need for that .
