  a group that ruled us for decades and tried to russify us . 
  a group that possessed the living space of our ancestors , like literally their property which was confiscated from them . 
  i 'm sure your views about 30-40 % often nazi-minded germans living in france would be similar if you had been under a nazi occupation for five decades . 
   what i mean is that the policy is aimed to make the region more ethnically homogenous and has been successful in doing so . 
  not giving automatic citizenship has no effect on ethnic makeup . 
   when ussr dissolved , the revived latvian state refused citizenship to the russians who came the previous 50 years , thus rendering them stateless . 
  no , the act to leave them stateless came from russia - they were soviet citizens and they now the ussr did n't exist anymore . 
  russia specifically did n't give citizenship to russians living here , unlike to those who lived in other countries like finland . 
  latvia restored its pre-1940 state . 
  automatic citizenship was granted to those , who were citizens in 1940 and to their descendants . 
   how could you possibly warp that into something `` acceptable '' ? 
  how could you criticize an entire nation before checking if they have valid reasons for their almost universal understandings . 
   `` extremist '' is n't unwarranted . 
  ( the way you so very easily dismissed citizenship as a right is the by far the most obvious sign . ), 
  citizenship is a right , but it 's not an automatic right . 
  otherwise all countries having some form of citizenship tests would be breaking it . 
  citizenship is n't something you should be able to change that easily . 
   you do n't even realize that you are a decadent extremist , do you ? 
  and you do n't understand that nearly everyone in our countries think like that . 
  we have our valid reasons for that and it does n't make us extremists . 
   the only way that makes sense is if you are a right wing extremism you only make yourself look like a fool if you make comments like these before educating yourself more on the issue . 
   fact is that at the end of the soviet union there where nearly a million people who had made latvia their home or where born there , without breaking laws - domestic or international . 
  here you are wrong . 
  russian immigration was a crime according to international law . 
  ( people ca n't break international law though , they break national law , which has made international law part of their law . ), 
   yes , ignoring reality , that the people living on latvian land are individuals such a decision in 1991 would have meant there economic development and geopolitical mentality of latvia would be vastly different today . 
  the russians were soviet-installed illegal fifth column . 
  they deserved no such rights automatically . 
   ignoring 50 years of history . 
  nobody is ignoring that there was a soviet occupation . 
   how on earth can it be considered acceptable to make 1 million people stateless in the 1990s russia made them stateless , not latvia/estonia . 
  they were soviet citizens and russia , unlike estonia/latvia , is the legal successor of the soviet union . 
   how can the institution of statelessnes be defended on r/europe ? 
  perhaps educate yourself more on this complicated issue before you start to banter . 
   statelessnes , rather then adjusting to reality , can only be defended in the context of right wing extremism . 
  yeah , apparently most of us , even highly educated people , are right-wing extremists ...  where are the sane latvians ? 
  offering them automatic citizenship is sort of seen as an insane and treacherous thing to propose . 
  why would you give someone citizenship without that person even applying for one ? 
  yeah different countries have different prices for most services due to different economic development . 
  love the word , hate the fact that it is n't either translated or just generalized as `` prime minister '' in english . 
  or just * muumid * . 
  everything of [ lotte ] ( https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/lotte ) . 
  there have been several films of her and she 's immensely popular among estonian kids . 
  a clip of it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hizoop8uzby&amp;t ) . 
  what were the reasons for that ? 
  yeah they had their own totalitarian dictatorship to replace nazism . 
  and they co-started the war and are equally to blame for the destruction and loss !, 
  wonder how much smaller the soviet loss would have been if every infantry soldier had a weapon . 
  wow . 
  first of all , there are no records from before the great northern war , so who knows what happened before the 1700s . 
  secondly i have some baltic german heritage from only a hundred years ago . 
  thirdly i might have some russian heritage , but it is dubious as the name could be a coincidence . 
  fourthly my family tree besides these exceptions does indeed only include estonians ... 
  there is really nothing weird about it . 
  if you lack argumentation skills , why even enter the conversation ? 
  why did you think that this is what i got from your comment or that i am somehow distressed ? 
  and they are legal citizens by birth only if their parent was a citizen at the time o their biryh . 
  i am not blaming these people personally . 
  it will never be ok . russians came here illegally and it will remain so forever . 
  anyone 's personal status depends on themselves . 
   almost every single nation came to their current lands illegaly during an illegal occupation . 
  `` illegal '' can only be in the modern times . 
  there was no international law back then in the way we know today . 
  there are smaller russian old believer communities in estonia as well , they are much better integrated , much more respected by estonians and they 've never talked of any secessionist ideas . 
   we should split europe between celts and basques , and i 'm not even talking about colonial nations in americas and ocenia . 
  this is just empty bantering . 
  different situations . 
  estonians have never endangered russians living here , plus they came here illegally during an illegal occupation so they have no rights to self-determination . 
  although it sort of lacks in logic , does n't it ? 
  they have the right of self-determination to be independent , but not join another country , even after becoming `` independent '' . 
  i thought we already got into a territorial dispute !, 
  it does n't really help if you reveal your true self in the following comment . 
  shut up and [ live happily with the soviet army !, 
  the aliens came , we did n't create them . 
  the same root , but not the same name , was carried on for estonians . 
  plus , estonians themselves did n't use that root until the late 18th/early 19th century . 
  oh dear , poor latvia . . 
  give them a break , half their energy goes into not adding an - s into the end of each word . 
   i find it fascinating how similar are major historical dates of xx century in eastern europe . 
  german forces invading , russian forces retreating - german forces retreating , russian forces advancing - socialist bloc crumbling etc. 
  do n't you mean sc2red ? 
  how is that silencing ? 
  ah , let 's forget history and sleep better at nights ... 
   crimea does n't have a nation that want to live independent . 
  oh [ i member ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_the_crimean_tatars ) !, 
  is there always autumn ? 
   please tell me what russia would gain , in any way , by invading the baltics ? 
  dictatorships need foreign affairs victories to keep internal discontent away , especially in a weak economy . 
  plus to keep up the general strongman impression and also , since when does russia not have imperialist ambitions ? 
  this is why i reddit . 
  `` blind hate '' . 
  i 'm sure lots of people `` blindly '' hated nazi germany as well . 
  for a lot of years ... by your standard my country should also belong to russia ... 
  i am of course not [ fully ] denying that , but that is beyond the point here . 
  `` west will do '' is not how you organize legitimate referendums either . 
   while ukrainians silenced them in what way ? 
  officially estonia agrees to change the legal border ( as latvia already did ) . 
  the last attempt to sign a border treaty ended with the estonian parliament adding a preamble that mentioned the original border treaty , which included the soviet-era change of the [ previous ] legal border . 
  we still do n't have a ratified border treaty with russia . 
  it 's not like a ratified border treaty with them is necessary anyway , considering how much they respected the last one ...
