   common history since 1795 only to a degree , lithuanian history was remarkably different within the russian empire and not exactly the same during the interwar era . 
   which is nothing to sneeze at i 'm not doing that though - it is just you , who is overemphasizing it . 
   people like to see transitive relationships as a group . 
  but why pick one potential grouping over others ? 
  on what basis is the recent transitive relationship more important than the many other ones , even deeper ones ? 
  you knowing very little of a small country and me knowing a lot due to it being my country does n't make me a nationalist . 
  if you remove one baltic country from the three and leave only two `` baltic countries '' , one of whom is baltic and the other is finnic , then what 's the point in using the term `` baltic countries '' anyway ? 
  what culture ? 
  u/latvianlion did n't mention any culture . 
   virtually a millennium of shared history with latvians true , although a bit more than 800 years to be precise . 
   ( if not lithuanians ) . 
  that 's the whole point now , is n't it ? 
  we do n't have much common per `` all three '' states . 
  it 's either estonia + latvia or latvia + lithuania , very little exists in common for est+lat+ltu . 
   cultural aspects are very similar for like past 700 years of shared history . 
  * those * aspects that are related to our shared history . 
  not all culture derives from history and the political systems we were under . 
  / not that this is n't a lot . 
  no , why i answered was that most people in an advantageous position turned out to be reformists and patriots . 
  if you 're always on alert , you 're never on alert . 
  yes , but * mostly * it was n't like this - much of the membership of the communist parties turned out to be reformists and patriots as soon as the turning winds had allowed it . 
  putin 's secret agenda . 
   russia wants usa and china to fight each other  i do n't have nothing against that . 
  that 's very rich coming from u/hypertxtpreprocessor . 
  so does that definitely mean they are not the same republic of lithuania that existed until 1940 ? 
  essentially what you are saying is that you lack basic reading capabilities . 
  also you very clearly lack any idea of the social and mental differences of estonians and russians in estonia - almost any statistic differs ** vastly ** between these two ethnic groups . 
  if you wanted a source , you could have asked . 
  [ the survey ] ( http://www.ut.ee/kristjan.vassil/?p=735 ) was conducted by kristjan vassil , who is a research fellow at the institute of government and politics at the university of tartu . 
  edit : what entertains me is this typical sjw sequence :  i 'm not saying you 're wrong man but ... 
   do n't take it as an insult , i consider myself as a patriot/nationalist latvian . . just oriented towards the west . 
  a patriot is sort a different thing than a nationalist ( in english at least ) , do n't you think ? 
  i really do n't consider myself to be a nationalist in the english , political sense . 
   you would n't go on a crusader to even argue how we 're not in the same ethnic group to posts that did not mention ethnicity at all , if you did n't disparage the idea that we 're lumped together in some aspects . 
  meh , i do n't want to see this confusion because it is n't true , not because i think less of latvia or that i do n't want estonia to be associated with latvia . 
   if you did n't disparage the idea that we 're lumped together in some aspects . 
  and i do n't mind all such aspects , just the ones where we should be clearly distinguished . 
   you 'd want us to be more different since it 'd help your narrative how we 're not the baltic countries . 
  sorry , but this is a strawman argument . 
  and i 've never argued against latvia being a baltic country   i am simply stating my own experience living in latvia and finland , and having relatives and friends that have had estonians friends , acquaitances , business partners , lovers . 
  so , good . 
  it was your perception , just like mine - of a person , who has lots of interaction with latvians . 
   there are differences , but the difference between latvians and lithuanians is bigger than latvians and estonians . 
  the social differences ? 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  the societies were hugely affected by the baltic germans , by serfdom , lutheranism and a huge influx of russians during the soviet occupation . 
  no wonder you feel your society is closer to estonia than lithuania . 
  i would n't say i have a clear answer which one has a closer society to estonia - finland or latvia . 
  it just really depends on the context . 
  yeah , i believe most of us would agree if there were n't actually people among us , who considered someone else 's consensual actions as an abomination of some sort and would want to restrict their rights . 
   i know you 're an estonian nationalist wtf ...  and you hate thinking we 're similar wtf ...  but not as different as you 'd want us to be . 
  how do you know how different * i * want us to be ? 
  i am talking about my perception , not of my will . 
   the cause is the question - either our shared german past , our shared russian past , our shared victimhood , our northern mentality . 
  who the fuck knows . 
  you listed our common aspects , i have never denied any of these . 
  but this is not all . 
   it 's only a handful of estonian redditors that are / claim to be more western than the other baltic countries . 
  yes , * only * !, 
  of all the people in estonia , the ones , who think like that have * all * managed to find reddit . 
  / not to mention , i do n't think any estonian redditors specifically claim that estonia is `` more western '' than latvia . 
  if you mean the aspects related to former socialist rule , no there is n't ( why should there be , countries from estonia to the czech republic to bulgaria all carry this history with them to some degree ) . 
  if you go into deeper culture and mentality , yes there is . 
  that would be quite a logical approach i think . 
  did they though ? 
  someone else answered that they also restored independence . 
  you mean to say that you are against their traditional values ? 
  you have been banned from r/russia . 
  that 's for sure , but does it really relate to something that i wrote ? 
  communism is one thing , but the new russian `` protector of traditional values '' has brought on a resurgence of religion in russia and to some degree among russians in other states . 
  it weirdly bugs me that lithuania `` restored full independence '' , while estonia and latvia `` declared the soviet rule null and void from the beginning '' in 1990 . 
  there was n't much difference , considering there were soviet troops inside all countries and all three were * de facto * independent in most affairs by then . 
  `` full independence '' was restored for all three only after the august coup . 
  indeed , though the difference carries a huge legal difference . 
  bulgaria indeed scores surprisingly high . 
  any idea why bulgarians might be in bigger support than other former socialist countries ? 
   btw , it 's also worth noting that the older russians are a bit more tolerant than the younger ones . 
  i 'd say that 's telling . 
  older russians are also less religious . 
   independence had been declared on 11 march 1990 did n't they restore independence ( like latvia and estonia ) , meaning they did n't `` declare independence '' ? 
  though entirely personal experience ( and i have interacted with latvians a lot ) , i 've found latvian youths to be more conservative about this issue . 
   and also the absence of difference between latvia and that savvy estonia , the prettiest of all baltic sisters . 
  ( estonia 's not baltic , at least not in the ethnic ( `` sisters '' ) context that you refer to . ), 
  also it 's sort of weird and difficult to believe even . 
  the russian minorities are strongly anti-gay rights here and in general estonians are considered far more open minded than latvians about these issues ( also sort of can confirm based on personal experience ) , but there are even more russians in latvia , so i really do n't know what to make of this . 
  edit : i found [ a survey ] ( http://vana.laanlane.ee/sites/default/files/vassil%20joonis%202.jpg ) about the support for same-sex marriage . 
  the vertical line is the share of people , who are in support , and the horizontal line is for age groups . 
  the red line is for estonians , the blue line is for russians in estonia . 
  edit 2 : the 2015 eurobarometer poll found out that 31 % of the residents of estonia support gay marriage , while the share was 19 % in latvia . 
  if only they had worked for just one day , then they would have worked more than all meps according to nigel farage . 
   the first rule of russian federation is : you never talk about federation . 
  you have been banned from r/russia . 
  who 's to say it 's still not ? 
  what makes you say estonia ( as the state itself ) is trying very hard ? 
  indeed , it 's a replaceable product , not a necessity . 
  reporting fake deaths does n't really help anyone , especially the `` alternative news '' sites themselves . 
  i think this is a dangerous sign . 
  first it 's lettuce , but soon it will be broccoli and then we 'll be back in stone age . 
  what are you referring to ? 
   the stereotype about estonia wanting into scandinavia which mostly true ( i think ) the internet joke is about the nordic countries ( not scandinavia ) and the sentiment would rather be that estonia * is * a nordic country , not that it * wants to become * one .
