  yes , but nominally it was a sovereign state . 
  and as a puppet state , it was still in a different situation than ssrs . 
   for other people it was just mostly having to be careful when you go partying at nights oh yeah , guys with machine guns in clubs , no biggie . 
   or maybe they did n't even have to use any latin because they simply came up with the word eistland without it being in any way associated with the aestii . 
  sure , but i doubt the two were simultaneously in use - they are just too similar . 
   aestii is a word made by the romans most of our sources on it are from germans and scandinavians though . 
   i can say the same about your aest -  eist -  est conclusion , you probably just pronounce it like estonians do . 
  no , estonians pronounce it like low german pronounced it , * eest * . 
  do you think germans and scandinavians used proper latin pronunciation or was it a vulgar pronunciation ? 
  an age-old propaganda . 
  it 's amazing how statistics comprehension may create comfortable lies . 
   at least in estonia the 90s were n't that horrible at all . 
  there was ** a lot ** of mob violence especially in the early 90s . 
  i 'm not really ready for this kind of bullshit today , i 'm sorry . 
   the aestii were a baltic people , not estonians . 
  did i say the opposite ? 
  but it is quite clear that the root of that name evolved and was later used for estonia . 
  it can all has a simple explanation actually . 
  germans called all people on the eastern shores of the baltic sea aestii , but this mainly referred to prussian balts as they had the most contact with them . 
  when there were more contacts , more specific names arose and the general aestii shifted more to the east along the shore ( i.e. 
  north ) and morphed in the same time . 
   the word aestii is n't even pronounced like eesti . 
  one is pronounced ayysti the other ehsti . 
  no , sorry , that is just not the case . 
  it is a very simple change actually . 
   the word estonia came about from an ancient norse word `` eistland '' which means `` eastern land '' no , they merely adopted the german name . 
   one is pronounced ayysti how could you even know that ? 
  you most likely pronounce it like lithuanians pronounce it . 
  hey !, 
  we also had a [ bomb alert ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eesti/comments/6ew1fb/time_and_money_well_spent/ ) recently . 
  it turned out to be just trash though . 
  yes , of course , but the political system known as `` poland '' was n't annexed . 
  it was all controlled from warsaw !, 
  they could do everything as long as moscow did n't demand otherwise . 
  this meant that the states were independent in a lot of aspects that did n't bother moscow . 
  here all the regulation was influenced by moscow . 
  i mean , the local ssrs did some things themselves , but the policies were usually very similar union wide . 
  most important difference was of course immigration and official language - some of the most painful effects of the soviet occupation for us . 
  too late , already started watching . 
  i 'm pretty sure these are vehicles , not stationary plants . 
  definitely real . 
  some countries just never got out of it . 
  but truthfully i do n't see any realistic way we could have avoided that - things were just so exceptionally shitty that when you give people liberties , they will misuse them . 
  that is a thing more in countries that have never experienced communism . 
  a bit heavy posting a video of the entire event , do n't you think ? 
  jesus , it is a nuclear power station !, 
  how can someone even ask such a question ? 
  a good number of reasons , why this could turn out to be a horrible idea , not just in the baltic sea , but also in the norwegian sea . 
  weird that it includes `` eesti '' , which is the contemporary estonian name for `` estonia '' , not for `` estonians '' . 
  and this name was only adopted in the 18th-19th century . 
  other languages did call us esths or esten for a long time , but definitely not in the time of the frankish empire . 
  there was the name aestii , which eventually was used for estonians , but again , not back then as it referred to baltic people in prussia . 
  i check that fact every day , so it is really weird that i missed that . 
  it is noteworthy because we have close to 30 % russian minority , most of whom are older people . 
  yeah , but that is not some small technicality . 
  plus , it is rather weird to note that poland is missing , when all the others are former soviet states . 
   poland and estonia have been doing relatively well transitioning , others performed rather poorly . 
  poland was not annexed into the soviet union in the first place . 
  otherwise , a mild simplification . 
  it is true that in many ways , latvia and lithuania have n't been as progressive as estonia in their development after regaining independence , but the differences are minuscule if compared to the rest of the former ussr . 
  last time i checked , poland was never annexed into the soviet union . 
  * west sea coast, 
  i can smell that smelly smell of the worn-out chair covers and the rusting communist orders . 
  also i can hear that alternating sound of snoring and thunderous applause . 
  50 years of brainwashing does have its effect , you know . 
  you have been made a moderator of r/russia . 
  why does everyone think that a parliament hall needs to be a semicircle ? 
  a `` classroom '' style seems much more logical . 
  are you sure you fathom what expressionism is ? 
  yes and as a mediterranean i say that pineapple * does * go on pizza !, 
  iirc estonia 's is the only parliamentary building in the world built in the expressionist style . 
  it certainly has its drawbacks . 
  i mean - if the state is doing something illegal , then one should definitely bring it to public and the eu should protect such people !, 
  but not all secrets are about illegal things . 
  plenty of things are kept secret due to not wanting to damage international relations , not wanting to prematurely cause some public uproar etc. 
  politics ( as almost any other job for that matter ) works better if certain things are kept in secret . 
  no , being against the existence would mean we would threaten someone 's life . 
  we are simply arguing with the unintelligent opinions . 
  they [ did ask latvians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latvian_constitutional_referendum,_2012 ) , who have an even bigger share of russians , and their answer was a sound no . 
   but swedens were the occupants for the centuries !, 
  international law as such did n't exist when the swedes conquered this country . 
  it did however exist when the ussr invaded ... 
  being against russia 's regime , against its policies or against the people supporting such regime or policies , is not russophobic , but plain common sense . 
   ... just like the eu does with turkey , saudi arabia , cuba , or any other regime it is we feel like can benefit us . 
  because the sad reality of the world is that they are the necessary evils that we have to cooperate with to at least work against some of these regimes . 
  at least most of such regimes are not actively hostile towards other democratic countries . 
   al this whining an scapegoating to russian dictatorship . 
  lol . 
  the world should take seriously every case of undemocratic rule and every hostile regime , like russia 's . 
  not only the big ones , but also smaller ones . 
   relax at last , live happily , be strong . 
  and this is the typical argument now , is n't it ? 
  one can be all that while also working against dictatorships like russia 's . 
   sure , you can continue to milk the fact that you have the common border with aggressive russia . 
  but not for eternity . 
  depends whether russia stays aggressive . 
  if it is for the eternity , then we sure as hell can and will keep `` milking '' it . 
  against lgbt-rights and at r/europe ? 
  you 've come to the wrong place ... 
   what the fuck are you even talking about ?
