   or rather , it `` works '' only when it 's in favor of the great powers . 
  do n't blame the great powers for your country 's misdoings . 
   everyone here knows that butchering muslims is our national pastime , am i right ? 
  no , your national pastime is defending your historical crimes and sucking up to russia . 
   but let 's talk about kosovo , if you insist ... yeah i 'm not getting into that lengthy and barely related argument here . 
   nato , members of the united nations , bombed a sovereign country good . 
   regime in pristina declared independence in direct violation of serbian law serbian law barely mattered here . 
   were the democratically elected governments of iran , chile , guatemala , and nicaragua also a `` threat to the entire democratic world '' ? 
  yes they were , as they supported the soviet union . 
   yes , and starting proxy war in region to push legitimate government , that was elected in democratic manner , but supported soviets was road to peace ? 
  not to peace , but to lessen the threat to the democratic world . 
   russia has most of the region around its boarders under influence , yet world has not ended ... russia ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   and no - destabilization in region is not better , than influence of county that crumbles few decades after world war 2 ... 
  influence of the ussr ? 
  erm , yes , yes it was . 
  and it 's not like people knew it would collapse , gosh ...  to take down soviet union 3 countries sang their way to freedom * a bit * simplified ...  and all russian influence in region was so flimsy when gorbachev was in power , just because he realizes union would not survive . 
  meaning the decades of standing up to soviets and bleeding their country dry due to expensive foreign policy worked . 
   `` staph '' what ? 
  calling you out on bullshit ? 
  apparently young people do n't get cold war anymore ...  what changed after cold war ? 
  the fucking world order ? 
   rest of region is still under russian influence russia 's regime is n't nearly as radical , its foreign policy is n't nearly as expansionist , it is n't nearly as strong etc. . .  please , tell me , what different world order we have today ? 
  yeah , i just did ...  same two super powers ( one under different name ) measuring their dicks erm , no . 
  one super power is left . 
   while europe chooses guy with the biggest stick erm , no . 
  europe chooses the democratic superpower . 
   i wonder how ? 
  i could bet my balls on not sleeping in history and politology lessons . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   you have whole europe for religious lunatics to go holy war on oh come on , this is a dire minority in europe . 
   taliban was funded before soviet invasion ... you mean during the communist regime ? 
   people got the impression that if they revolted and the regime cracked down the yanks would come and help them this is good . 
   so , a democratically elected government being deemed ( by whom ? ), 
  `` pro-soviet '' is a valid justification for overthrowing it and installing a brutal dictatorship ? 
  in the context of cold war ( where soviet advance was a threat to the world , i.e. 
  not exactly now anymore ) , * any * anti-soviet alternative sufficed . 
   apparently ` disregarding context ' means hand-waving everything away that happened before the end of the cold war because then we can pretend the us is n't so bad . 
  your order of logical thinking is incorrect . 
  context means that the us was n't / is n't so bad in the first place . 
   it 's very telling of your own biases that you see the soviet union that way . 
  lol , it is very telling of your naivety or even total lack of knowledge if you think in * any other way * . 
   overthrowing the democratically elected government of iran did n't protect anyone yes it did . 
  it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
   it served the us 's interests and the interests of the entire not only democratic world , but the entire anti-soviet world . 
   and helped them establish a global hegemony . 
  good . 
  pax america somewhat works , you know !, 
   infiltrating half a dozen american countries with anti-communist guerrilla groups did n't protect anyone . 
  yes it did . 
  it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
   carpet bombing half of south east asia did n't protect the citizens there . 
  it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
   please stop portraying needless slaughter it was not needless slaughter . 
   and international bullying as justified just because it limited the influence of the ussr . 
  it * was * justified as it protected the world from soviet expansion . 
   well here 's an example : you ca n't just go to germany and blame them for the country 's actions during ww2 , because barely anyone in germany was alive at the time . 
  no , * that * is not the reason . 
  the reason is the german government having condescended its actions during . 
  the ussr never admitted its crimes and russia still glorifies them , that 's why you * can * still blame russia for soviet crimes , despite hardly anyone being alive . 
   you would be blaming them for the actions of their ancestors . 
  which is fine if they deny their crimes . 
   you also ca n't find many people still alive who were victims of german atrocities . 
  irrelevant . 
   but you can very easily go to the us and find people who took part in the massacre of innocent vietnamese citizens or the bombing of iraqi hospitals . 
  and only * some * of those soldiers are guilty of atrocities . 
  deaths happen in war , you know - not every civilian death in a war is illegal ...  and you can very easily find people in vietnam with dead relatives , and iraqis whose families were destroyed by the us . 
  irrelevant to the case . 
   these wars are n't old wounds from the distant past , they still sit in the memories of people everywhere , and the damage is still visible . 
  that is a very big distinction . 
  neither are the older crimes that russia for example still denies . 
   ` they elected a pro-soviet ruler so it was perfectly fine for us to overthrow their government , establish a dictator friendly to us , and cripple the country for decades to come ' yes . 
  that 's what should happen when you side with such dangerous countries . 
   ultimately , we know where the blame sits there . 
  if the us had n't been warmongering , the problem would n't have happened . 
  and we have an oracle ...  you dismissed everything which happened before the end of the cold war . 
  i can quote you if you like . 
  i do n't dismiss it , i see reasons to view them in an utterly different context . 
   the point is that even though some european countries participated due to the willingness of their governments , the people of europe did not want it . 
  the people of america did . 
  irrelevant . 
   except in the cases of both iraq and vietnam , inside knowledge was that both wars were unjustifiable . 
   insiders on vietnam knew that the mass slaughter of innocent civilians was taking place . 
  and insiders on iraq knew that the entire story used to explain the invasion had been fabricated . 
  so i 'm not sure inside knowledge would have made any of the world 's people more willing to support either war . 
  again , somewhat irrelevant . 
   i imagine if most of the world knew about the details of the us 's coups and guerrillas , they would n't have supported them either . 
  and if most of the world would have comprehended the soviet threat , they would have supported those interventions . 
   well i ca n't think of any situation where someone has said ` well the country has completely collapsed and been reduced to ruins , but at least that one bad guy is gone ' jesus , i know like a major one . 
   i think i found somewhere your great knowledge might be more welcome . 
  could also be from having actually studied international law and international relations . 
  you mean they caused their intervention ? 
  because there was a civil war going on for a long time ... 
  do people actually remember usernames though ? 
  i 've remembered like one or two at best , but i usually do n't notice them even . 
  you need to enter a choir and find heaps of free time to spend in the sauna . 
  probably some timeless soviet-era classics like [ * mehed ei nuta * ] ( https://youtu.be/wo4vgfwiqou ) ( `` men do n't cry '' ) or [ * siin me oleme * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quoocvalg7e ) ( `` here we are '' ) . 
  of newer films , i really liked [ * vehkleja * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhb5d7ms8qo ) ( `` the fencer '' ) . 
  an apartment in a very similar building to [ this ] ( http://cache.kv.ee/iv2/obj/1_35_46404853.jpg ) in tallinn . 
  before that , i lived on [ this square ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/tartu_raekoja_platsi_vaade.jpg ) in tartu .
