  the fact that finnish is a big brother type of country is just additional fun . 
   quite a few of the people i interact with online are finnish and i 've heard before that estonia is seen more as a close relative than many other countries . 
  probably depends a lot on the personal experience with interacting with estonians . 
  i 've actually seen some finns claim that estonia is plain eastern europe and has almost nothing in common with finland . 
  other than internet jokes , why would anyone want that ? 
   nordic bullshit oh , absolutely not biased ...  there 's no reason we should be considered lower much different from estonians . 
  i do n't think any nation should be considered lower than others . 
  why did you even suggest that ? 
  what next , accusations of genocide simply because we do n't think we 're balts ? 
   we have the same recent history yes , of course . 
  that 's the main reason we are lumped together . 
   act as a bloc yes , because we were all occupied by the soviet union , are bordered by hostile russia , have a similar economic development ( thanks to the soviet occupation , mostly ) , and are too small to get our voice heard alone . 
  i have never argued against cooperation . 
   have the same general culture and economy in the broader european context what do you mean here ? 
  lithuanians are a catholic nation , we a formerly protestant . 
  much of our culture is related to finnish and scandinavian cultures , which is n't really true for lithuania . 
   the `` baltic identity '' was integral to independence well , rather the cooperation was integral to integration - `` baltic '' was just the simple and known name to use for this cooperation . 
   vehement in `` rising above '' some of their closest allies . 
  ** all these conversations go the same way - we claim we are n't actually baltic and you ask why do you want to be better than you ... why do you think that is ? 
  i think it 's rather tiring to read perceived insults when none were ever intended ... plus , who said anything about getting rid of allies ??? 
   why try so hard to prove it ? 
  because ignorant people piss me off . 
  and i would n't `` try so hard '' to prove anything if most people here would n't use lame counterarguments and even accusations of national inferiority * or * superiority complexes to prove the opposite . 
  but pomerania is a [ wide region ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/map-prussia-pomerania.png ) that spans a lot from east to west . 
  they were in pomerania perhaps , but is there any proof that they were actually in the modern german part of pomerania ? 
  because the easternmost stretches of pomerania are on old west baltic turf anyway . . 
   still not answering my question , because you could come up with all sorts of combinations based on those variables , you apparently came up with a combination of two countries yourself , what is your justification ? 
  what are you even on about ? 
  do you not know the term [ baltic people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ) ? 
   the languages are called baltic in german as well : baltisch , while the sea is called ostsee : easternsea . 
  * mare balticum * in latin was used in the 11th century . 
  modern linguistics developed a lot later . . `` around 1840 the german nobles of the governorate of livonia devised the term `` balts '' to mean themselves , the german upper classes of livonia , excluding the latvian and estonian lower classes . 
  they spoke an exclusive dialect , baltic german . '', 
  only thereafter was the linguistic group named . 
   as far as ive learned about the original pruz as well as the holsten ( remember in the name schleswig-hollstein ) where both baltic what is pruz ? 
  and i call bullshit . 
   some smaller tribes in pomerania are suspected to be baltic as well , but there are too les remnants . 
  could be , but pomerania is already in modern poland . 
  why though ? 
  why are we to blame for latvians and lithuanians perceiving the baltic identity onto estonians ? 
  we have the cycle rickshaws for tourists in the old town . 
  quarter of the year perhaps , but it seems to be enough to make a profit . 
  no , i am absolutely not talking about the presumption that these are just the ignorant americans talking - sure , every country has such people . 
  it more seems like these are some national comfortable lies that are taught like legends in the curriculum . 
  otherwise , so many people would n't repeat the same weird stories . 
   but only those three countries are referred to as the baltic states , and you seem to suggest one is not baltic , hence my question : what makes a country baltic ? 
  what actually constitutes the baltic states , i.e. 
  the conventional understanding ? 
  simplistic approach to three similarly looking countries on a map that most people know jack shit about . 
  otherwise , why else would someone put countries with huge linguistic , religious and historical differences into one group ? 
  how we see it ourselves ( and usually limit its usage to ) , is the three countries that were illegally occupied by the soviet union in 1940 and regained independence in 1991 . 
  but it 's not like there is much more into it than the soviet occupation and common geopolitical problems . 
   at least the whole sea there is named after them in english erm , no . 
  vice-versa . 
   language-familly that long time ago had members from latvia till denmark . 
  to poland , i 've never seen claims that western balts lived all the way up to denmark . 
  but the only reason we are lumped in the same category with countries like moldova or poland or hungary for that matter is the soviet occupation . 
  we do n't want to be lumped into any category simply because of the soviet occupation . 
  it 's not like we think badly of these nations - it is even rather insulting to see someone suggest that . 
   this whole estonians trying to push their identity as nordic rather than baltic , reeks of desperation and some perceived superiority complex over their neighbors . 
  this ignorant view is rather sickening . 
  never have i heard estonians thinking badly of latvians and lithuanians . 
  there are so many things wrong with this absolute antagonism between being baltic and nordic : - baltic is an ethnolinguistic term , while nordic is not . 
  - not being baltic does not automatically mean we are nordic . 
  - not being nordic does not automatically mean we are baltic . 
  - being nordic does not automatically mean we are not part of the baltic states  i know they 'll always cite linguistic affinity , but even finnish is an outlier in that whole group . 
  so estonian would be just as much of an outlier ... how does it make sense to put the two finnic states into two different categories , one with the northern germanic countries and the other with the baltic countries ? 
   to me be they 'll always just be baltic ( estonia that is ) . 
  because you are an ignorant person , who probably knows very little about estonia . 
  simple . 
  that . 
  why do you even think it 's just geographic and historical connotation ? 
  because : - plenty of countries border the baltic sea . 
  - estonia and latvia have the strong historical similarity , lithuania does not . 
  it 's all about contexts . 
  if we are talking about things like the soviet occupation or the singing revolution or the current geopolitical situation , then baltic states is a thing . 
  otherwise , latvians and lithuanians are balts and that word does n't apply to us . 
  and although relations might be very friendly , the states are too small to gather huge influence , unlike finland or sweden . 
  but i gather we do give plenty of votes to latvia as well in eurovision , just like for finland and sweden . \u00b4  i 've even heard it being claimed that the whole idea of a `` baltic region '' is largely artificial . 
  what do you think ? 
  well , you look at the many countries bordering the baltic sea and the usual three countries known as the baltic states , two of which are baltic , and basically there you have it - it 's utterly artificial . 
  oh , i misunderstood the comment . 
  [ faroese ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsl-khge4kk ), 
  it just surprises me how americans invent their own explanations on so many things . 
  like they are the only country that does n't dip their flag for any foreign leader . 
  or that they are `` not a democracy , but a republic '' . 
  i mean , how do such baseless legends still exist ? 
  dude this question was asked yesterday . 
  there are relatively few and they are recent migrants , so they live quite separately and i have n't really seen any of them speaking estonian . 
  you sometimes see them working in simple supermarket or restaurant jobs , but even then they do n't speak the language . 
  i 'm not really optimistic about their possible future integration - it just seems that we are slowly getting another parallel society here next to the russians . 
  then again i would n't say they are a major problem , at least not yet . 
  * johnny bravo * seemed to be quite funny . 
  it seems like the kind of place i would like to live . 
  the coast is dense enough , has many peninsulas and islands , while the inland is sparsely habited . 
  i 'd probably love it !, 
  yeah pretty much the same here . 
  best : we have loads of peninsulas and low population density , so beautiful empty beaches are very easy to find . 
  plus people , who grew up at the seaside , almost always long back to the seaside - there 's just something very soothing about looking at the blue horizon . 
  but of course i 'm biased , living 300 m from the sea that is .
