  plus i felt the duty to go through with it because i eventually got three degrees in university , while i did n't pay one cent for study fees . 
  none of my ancestors alive in 1940 were left untouched by soviet repressions . 
  we know what 's out there and we feel the duty to be part of our defense . 
  there are some things more important to me than my personal liberties . 
  one of them is fighting back should russia invade . 
  it is fascinating how such a large group can assimilate so quickly , but i guess this comes from the fact that the two cultures really are very similar . 
  fun is not the key word here . 
  i did n't find it fun , yet went through with it and still strongly support it . 
  yeah , just look at the netherlands . 
  where did independence get them ? 
  it is a failed semiquasiindependent state ... 
  i remember the storm . 
  i was a 4 year old child growing up in tallinn , estonia . 
  the wind was strong enough that i could n't force myself out of the yard through the narrow passageway between 5 and 9-story apartment buildings , so my mother had to come down stairs and pull me through the wind ( sending a 4 year old child alone to play outside in [ lasnam\u00e4e ] ( http://g3.nh.ee/images/pix/900x585/dwksbyshhbu/lasnamae-67443322.jpg ) was quite normal , wth ) . 
  i remember after it happened , my mother cried for weeks as she had lost several friends and acquaintances . 
  plus besides , 285 estonians and 568 others went down with the ship . 
  a terrible tragedy . 
  not so bold if you do n't generalize so much and learn some insight into the conflicts . 
  well for us it 's a lot more genetic + language + culture . 
  `` feeling estonian '' usually is n't enough for others to consider you ethnic estonian . 
  and claim that they will not keep apologizing , while in fact have never apologized in the first place . 
  identity usually has layers , i.e. 
  town , region , country , continent , ethnic group etc. 
  fat , tall and catalan are all adjectives on the same level ? 
  yes , but what is catalan ? 
  like what is the category to which you would answer that you are a catalan ? 
  like a spoon and a knife are cutlery , like bmw and seat are car constructors etc. 
  yeah , i 've gotten that you do n't differentiate between the two and it definitely has cause some confusion . 
  i 'm just wondering if you do n't mean ethnicity , then what do you think the catalans or even more so the spaniards or the french or the germans are ? 
  hue , hue , i received downvotes already , 
   and deny all soviet crimes and consider them as liberators of europe . 
  i 'm not sure why ethnicity would mean race anyway ... and ethnicity is related to genetics , yet of course it 's not the only measurement as language , culture and common history have a strong effect on this as well . 
   with all respects , i do n't mind what you believe because you maybe talked with freak nationalist ... well it 's not like this derives from speaking to one catalan . .  but most nationalist do n't think with late-nineteenth concepts like `` ethnic '' . 
  how is this a late-nineteenth century concept ? 
  it is a very used concept even today . 
  peoples by international law also mean ethnic groups so your presumption that this is a nineteenth century concept is factually incorrect . 
   in spain , we live in the xxi century oh , i see where you 're getting at . 
   and we have gay marriage . 
  not really sure what this has to do with ethnicity . 
   i do n't know in your country . 
  with all respects . 
  no post-socialist country has gay marriage , but estonia , slovenia , croatia , the czech republic and hungary offer same-sex civil unions . 
   maybe some freaks ... 
  i 'm not really sure what exactly makes them freaks . 
  do you mean to tell me that ethnic groups in general do n't exist ? 
  that all white people are somehow one ethnic group or that all spaniards are one ethnic group ? 
  does that concept then include the basque as spaniards or not ? 
   i do n't know those countries , i do n't talk about those countries . 
  i never talk about i do n't know . 
  that 's a pity , i usually try to become smarter . 
  and i know enough to talk along , use the same concepts and offer analogies from other cases . 
  i mean , this has happened with other ethnic groups too , i presume . 
  but that has happened many times before i guess , i ca n't see why the catalans would n't be called an ethnicity after that . 
   i 'm a catalan . 
  i understand that , but my experience speaking with catalans have led me to believe rather the opposite . 
   what a joke !, 
  why would that be a joke ? 
   please , spain is a united nation with 5 centuries of history ... how is that relevant to catalans living outside catalonia ? 
   you do n't know well catalonia nor the rest of spain . 
  well sure , please enlighten me . 
  i ca n't see why these examples are hilarious . 
   come here and try to guess who 's `` ethnic catalan '' and who 's `` ethnic spaniard '' , you wo n't get it . 
  no offense , but you would n't be able to distinguish a russian from a ukrainian either , despite them being separate ethnic groups . 
  i mean we 're bilingual ( and trilingual in aran valley ) . 
  many people are bilingual , i mean what is the native language , the first language of the catalans ? 
   not even most catalan nationalists consider catalans to be an ethnic group nowadays . 
  really ? 
  can you find a source for that ? 
  most sources i can find list them as an ethnic group . 
   catalan is also spoken in valencia , balearic islands , aragon , a little part of murcia ... 
  not all hungarians live in hungary either . 
   and all catalans speak spanish . 
  all bashkirs , yakuts , maris and chechens speak russian too , but it does n't make them russian ...  indeed , spanish is the native language of most catalans . 
  now that 's an interesting point . 
  do you mean to say that most catalans speak catalan as a second language ? 
  but not the ones born in 445 or something . 
  they ca n't remember half of it , how dare they call themselves the 400s kids !, 
  oh , i think europe just had enough of walls ... 
  holy shit , that people actually believe that sort of crap ... you do n't seem to know virtually anything about the soviet union ... 
  yes , for those swedish-speakers , swedish is of course the native language , but finnish is still a foreign language for them , despite how well they speak it . 
  but what will we do when the spaniards have siesta ? 
  ethnicity and race are not really related terms and they are used in very different colloquial contexts . 
   then i do n't have nothing more to talk with such a person . 
  so you actually think i am the problem , whilst you just claimed that the basque are barely an ethnic group ?? 
  why would i be using the term `` ethnicity '' to mean `` race '' ? 
  these are different concepts . 
   you should stop calling people crazy and imperialist , though . 
  no , i will continue to do that if the person claims that the basque are barely an ethnicity ... 
  why was this link added here ? 
   they are not and indigenous ethnic group . 
  better change the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalans ) then  basques , and to some extent . 
  wth , the basques are an ethnic group only to some extent ? 
  how imperialistic can you spaniards be ?? 
   spain is , ethnically , very homogenous , as most studies show . 
  are you crazy ? 
   it 's more about culture , language and you have an ethnic group ... 
  i do n't know most sources claim that catalans are an ethnic group . 
   the differences between a catalan and a non-catalan are purely political and historical , not genetic . 
  who said that the differences between ethnic groups are just genetic ? 
  of course history , politics and culture have an effect on defining what an ethnic group is .
