  so that their companies could continue being competitive . 
   it becomes populist when someone tells you where to direct the anger for political purposes . 
  which they do ...  they just stick a lable ( unintelligent , stupid ) on the voter and ridicule them . 
  i understand very well why these things happened . 
  people are massively against immigration and mainstream parties are not . 
  immigration however was nominally only among the many reasons , while actually being the cause of all that . 
   but you 're saying your view of things is the right view i 'm saying the status quo is better than empty promises . 
   because you 're objectively right no , because i am objectively not wrong and there do n't seem to be anyone , who is objectively right . 
   so it 's not a stretch to say you think you know how to solve everything as said , i really do n't , but i understand enough that populist empty claims will not get us forward . 
   you all act like your countries are so progressive while behind the scenes your leaders beg and scrape for russia 's gas . 
  because there is n't that much cheap gas being produced in europe ...  if we shut those off you would be sent hurtling into the dark ages . 
  yeah , sure . 
  and where would russia be without its gas exports ? 
  a pyhrric victory that would be . 
  we are high and mighty because of our superior democratic political system , not because `` we haz oil '' ... 
  the fact that they have a new chairman does n't change the fact that they have a cooperation treaty with united russia and most of their votes come from russians !, 
   centre party has never been `` lets leave nato , make russian a state language , praise putin ! '', 
  i did n't say exactly that . 
  exactly , plus i think enough people will get enough of the leftist government in no time and the irl will totally destroy its reputation with this decision . 
  i could have sworn i saw them claim that , it could have been on tv , so i ca n't find it right now . 
   it 's easier to accept the outcome we did n't want if we dismiss those that voted for it a idiot or demonise them in some way so we can remove ourselves from any association with them . 
  this is what the media has exacerbated over the brexit . 
  they voted for unintelligent reasons nevertheless . .  you fail completely and utterly in any attempt to empathise / understand the people that voted the way they did . 
  there is no way i could empathize with such unintelligent people ...  the vast majority voted leave because they simply wanted to make sure the country was sovereign or as sovereign as possible  and could see that the eu was n't compatible with that which makes them unintelligent ...  the people desired a relationship much like how canada is to the usa or most other sovereign countries ' relationships . 
  eu is a union of sovereign states , the us is a federal sovereign state . 
  big difference !, 
   you claim to be respectful of others opinions and views to a degree . 
  all of us are that to a degree . 
   what 's fueling the far right , pushing others even further right as a result . 
  which means , they are unintelligent ... 
  do you or your acquaintances actually see it working ? 
  i mean , without the suicidal price that will be paid by the conservatives at the next elections ? 
  i think we are talking about two different things . 
  tactical plans and defense cooperation are two different things . 
  even though nato tactical plans are kept secret , we still know that there are conferences , the officials comment on broad policies etc. 
  nothing like that in the eu i think . 
  exactly !, 
  however one way to fix this would be the [ alternative vote ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/instant-runoff_voting ) . 
  that way the 200 small parties could be eliminated one by one and their received votes would go to the next preferred party . 
  depends on how many votes other parties get . 
   propaganda in this age is called news . 
  oh boy ...  please explain it to me . 
  economies change and markets shift . 
  it is natural . 
  not willing to adapt to the new system makes you look like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/-egatlgdu7m?t=1m36s )  if there is one thing that we ca n't use to describe blue collar workers it 's ` decadent ' . 
  there may be a better word in english , but i ca n't see what 's wrong with that word . 
  some pc thing ? 
   in this case the argument that blue collar towns did n't really need their industries is only true if you accept as a parameter that the only place that needs them are the lowest cost jurisdictions . 
  yes , but the companies operating these industries do n't need them `` here '' . 
  they ca n't keep up with competition if they are the only ones not moving their production to a place with cheaper labor . 
   unfortunately ` unintelligent ' people still vote . 
  i do n't have a problem with that they vote . 
  however i hate the arrogance against `` the establishment '' as if populists had anything better to offer other than empty promises . 
   it 's the truth . 
  sure , but the populists would twist it in the way that is further away from the truth and now they have your words to back them up . 
   that 's what democracy is about . 
  you express your views with your vote . 
  does n't mean that it 's not unintelligent ...  and i think you feel you 're the one to fix it for them , right ? 
  for them ? 
  i nor perhaps anyone might be up for this task ... 
  it all starts from school , if political social studies are replaced by technical studies , then we will continue to have such problems . 
   the definition of a fundamentalist is someone who claims to have a special truth that is higher than that of others no , there is the truth and there are lies . 
  i do n't know the absolute truth , but i strongly distrust those , who claim they can fix everything ...  your argument makes you a fundamentalist by that logic . 
  it also makes you an extremist . 
  it really does n't . 
   holy shit i give up . 
  you doing exactly what i pointed out and it just makes you look like an angsty teen who cant put themselves in another persons shoes i can , i only have a problem with what they are saying whilst in their shoes ...  or chill out , get your point across without insulting their intelligence ( i sound like trump 's capaign manager ) . 
  who says i do n't do that ? 
  i am not speaking to such people per se , we are discussing those theoretical bunch of people as a third party . 
   but yelling at the ` others ' which is a side you 're creating by using the tone and language you are , is only going to reinforce bipartisanship and widen the rift in politics oh the wide is already great if there are people out there voting for brexit and trump !, 
  i do n't want to be anywhere close to that rift ...  in the end you 're only doing a disservice to yourself . 
  i do n't see it like that . 
  can you make three different sounds with your toes ? 
  so your argument is overruled !, 
  oh indeed , remember , remember  [ for those ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t65swzhabes ) , who have n't seen it !, 
  are n't the spanish territories in africa outside nato obligations ? 
   estonian labourers from german public toilets erm ? 
  ignorant people are ignorant . 
  `` the reform party is bad , because we are not as rich as finland '' sort of people ... 
  the pro-russian centre party promised 6 % economic growth per year . 
  pretty much the same populist promise . 
  i do hope there are n't many people as naive as that in europe ... 
  understood . 
  however , if we have like 12 electoral districts and one party gains some regional seats in less than half the districts , yet * no party * would gain more than 5 % on the national level * and * that one party would also gain a total of 4.5 % of the votes , then it is possible that the party with the most votes would not be elected , yet some other party would . 
  `` sort of '' a big thing actually . 
  the estonian reform party ** has been in power for 17 years ** , since 1999 . 
  the new coalition of pro-russian leftists , moderate social democrats and `` patriotic '' conservatives is a concept i am yet to grasp . 
  although , if in parliamentary elections in estonia : - one party wins 5.1 % of the votes ; - 19 parties win 4.9 % of the votes ; - threshold is 5 % ; - no candidate wins independent mandates ; - no party wins regional mandates ; does n't it mean that the party with 5.1 % of the votes wins all the seats ? 
  that can happen though in any system , but not as easily in a proportional system . 
   and green is the best colour !, 
  that is a subjective issue , supporting radicals is in no way intelligent !, 
   yes but i was using such a harsh sounding analogy to show you what you 're doing eveytime you call a trump supporter or a brexiteer unintelligent and i was just using your analogy , as you know , people change each other 's analogies in a conversation . .  while still not stooping to calling them stupid it is important that more and more people understand that they are unintelligent !, 
   they voted to piss people like you off !, 
  which makes them unintelligent !, 
  even the fact that there is a military strategy ? 
   siding with russia would benefit you . 
  jesus f. christ ... siding with nazi germany would have benefited belgium ... 
   in your opinion , you 're sort of missing the point here though ... no , voting against the moderate political system and opting for populism and radicalism is unintelligent . 
   thinking about what ? 
  how do you define intelligence ?
