  victory in foreign affairs is what putin needs . 
  plus , a clearer access to the baltic sea and a shorter border with nato . 
   obviously being realistic if russia would invade nobody would defend you jesus christ , and you think the chance of russia invading us is 0 01 % ??? 
   lithuania and poland seems to be even more paranoid about russian invasion with lithuania bordering only kaliningrad and having 4x smaller russian minority . 
  they have a long border with belarus , the suwalki corridor is easy to take and their military situation and natural defenses are weaker than those of estonia . 
   russia is going to take over big poland from small kaliningrad with non existing russian minority :d perhaps not entire poland , but the suwalki corridor perhaps . 
  yet we are not related to russians nor speak russian ... 
  depends on the person ? 
  i mean , how do you make friends with smalltalk ? 
  i 've made most of my friends through introduction by common friends , shared experiences , shared parties etc. 
  i do n't think many estonians consider them anything but recent immigrants . 
  oh we are fine in comparisons with other post-socialist countries . 
  we usually do fine in those , 
  everyone gets that concept , there is no indoctrination here . 
  stop trying to look like a special snowflake . 
  except the finnish system is good . . 
  they are mostly mixed corps loosely based on those found in estonia and latvia . 
  i 've interacted with mostly neo-lithuania and republica . 
  it 's perfectly compatible with a free and equal society in estonia . 
  there is a right of organization you know . 
  i 've interacted with konwent polonia , arkonia , welecja and sarmatia and been to some of their events in poland . 
  as a corps member myself : - we have both the conservative corps and the rather liberal student societies . 
  - most are either sororities or fraternities with only one mixed organization . 
  - the corps are quite similar to those found in germany and they carry on the baltic german student culture . 
  - lots of interaction with latvian student organizations . 
  the biggest difference is that latvian fraternities still fence and hold * mensur * , while only a few estonian fraternities fence and do n't hold * mensur * . 
  - men mostly wear suits in their official gathering and women some other appropriate attire . 
  - the corps and some student societies wear `` colours '' with every organization having a distinct tricolor pattern . 
  our national flag was actually adopted from the estonian student society 's colours . 
  - the foxes wear black caps instead of coloured ones . 
  - compared to germany , estonia is very liberal and tolerating of student organizations and people wear the colours in public quite safely . 
  - lots of interaction between organizations and most organizations have chapters both in tallinn and in tartu , plus colonies abroad . 
  - the biggest event is the * walpurgisnacht * at 30 april in tartu . 
  there are also loads of guests from germany , poland , latvia and finland . 
  - public opinion does n't think much of the student organizations nowadays . 
  most people tolerate them , some people respect them , a few people have problems with them . 
  edit : yay , first downvote already !, 
  it 's because estonian has long vowels . 
  it is a unique language as we have three types of vowel lengths instead of two . 
  we have the short ( * sada * - `` hundred '' ) , the long ( * saada * - `` send ! '' ), 
  and the overlong ( * saada * - `` to become '' , `` to get '' ) . 
  not really no . 
  it 's still an immigrant population . 
  there may be no negative connotations behind that , but they are simply not the indigenous/native people in the minds of most estonians . 
   all countries have . 
  not to this degree , sweet naive dane ...  aaand ? 
  what does this have to do with the migrant crisis ? 
  that the migrant crisis is not the only issue we are dealing with . 
  it would be naive to forget our other problems while dealing with this one . 
   it can only be a plus , since if you got a ton of non russian immigrants the size of the `` oppressed '' russian minority whould shrink , in percentage the natives still lose their control over the country . 
   you are a part of nato . 
  regardless . 
  it reduces the threat , it does n't diminish it . 
  once , immigrants , always immigrants - whether legal or illegal , whether good or bad . 
  they are not assimilated into the estonian society ( as the local russian society largely forms a separate society within the general society ) . 
  but i do n't get your logic here : 1 . 
  a occupies country b. 
  a illegally sends people a into country b. 
  country b becomes independent . 
  -  people a are not foreigners anymore ? 
  thing is , they were not granted automatic citizenship because estonia restored its 1940 state and did n't form a new one , so the russians remained stateless illegal immigrants . 
  realistically they should have become russian citizens as russia was the sole legal successor of the soviet union , whose citizens they were . 
   or is estonia only for people of `` true estonian blood '' ? 
  and it 's not like that either , this `` russians are immigrants '' is of course a generalization because there were some russians here before the soviet occupation , who were mostly citizens of estonia . 
  they of course got their citizenship automatically as they were citizens of estonia in 1940 or their ancestors were . 
  what i am saying however is that ** the eu needs to ** take into account : 1 . 
  these are small countries ; 2 . 
  these countries have a huge historically unjustified minority ; 3 . 
  these countries are bordering russia ; 4 . 
  these minorities are largely ethnic russians , of whom many sympathize with the russian government ; -  reducing the share of the indigenous populations in the populations of these countries creates huge security risks in the local societies already at the periphery of europe , at the border of a hostile state , with an exceptionally bad history of foreign invasions . 
  that is a very real threat considering russian current foreign policy and recent history . 
  i 'm not saying they are immediately going to invade , but i am saying that the threat of such an event is very real . 
  i hear sadama market is quite cheap . 
  i ca n't say that 's way off , but that 's at least a little off . 
  nobody cares on the streets , estonians just hate the fact that they have so many russians living in their country , but they rarely have anything against an individual russian in particular . 
  unless the person is a homo sovieticus type of person , which happens quite often though . 
  plus as time and generations progress , there 's a bigger and bigger cultural and social gap between local russians and russians in russia . 
  cost of living is higher than finland considering an average estonian earns less , but without that aspect it 's still quite cheap , although the touristy parts are ridiculously expensive , even for most western tourists . 
  education for locals is free and i would n't say it 's expensive for foreigners either . 
  at least you 're not honest . 
  finns are mostly drunk introverts so we get along with them . 
  latvians are also down there somewhere , but most estonians have little to no interaction with them . 
  they end each word with an - s. ( they are really cool people in my personal opinion as i have quite many friends there . ), 
  russians are either hostile imperialistic putin-lovers or lovely and friendly putin-lovers , who do n't understand why we do n't think so fondly of them . 
  swedes are not really considered a neighboring country anymore due to long distances . 
  but they are often naive westerners , who do n't understand why we did n't call the cops when soviet officials came to deport us to siberia . 
  estonians generalize less . 
  pretty good if you live around the capital or other biggest towns . 
  a bit lower if you live in the countryside or in northeastern estonia . 
  well , an immigrant population nevertheless . 
  i understand that very well , but if estonia 's and latvia 's share of foreigners is already dangerously high . 
  how in seven hells did estonia and latvia choose to let russisns in during a foreign occupation ? 
  what about countries that already have a large number of immigrants , say latvia or estonia ? 
  most common , most annoying - we are russians or related to russians or speak russian ... 
  the legislative body itself can `` make '' laws too . 
  and by important i meant `` important in defining a legislative body '' . 
  it 's rather the `` adopt legislation '' that is important . 
  came here to write that exact comment !, 
  there 's quite a lot of it and pop-rap seems to be quite popular . 
  [ p\u00f5hja-tallinn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr2n9lby2x4 ) is perhaps the best example .
