  do n't you see a discrepancy between the two ? 
  well , of course , gdp per capita shows it rather indirectly . 
  sending out former illegal occupiers to their indigenous land is not a human rights violation . 
   for example kadriorg park was build by the peter the great , using that logic still belong to russia . 
  please , do n't embarrass yourself . 
   racist who want to deport estonians citizens ( including women and children ) when did i say that ? 
   ( as they are estonians and not russian citizens ) quite many are indeed russian citizens . 
   no one will agree with you . 
  most people in estonia will agree with me . 
  we have been bullied way too much in history for us to be played around by russians again . 
   their votes will count even more that 's disgusting . 
  they have no right to change estonia 's future in a pro-russian way !, 
   there will be mayor of tallinn who is of ethnic russian background we already have a pro-russian mayor ... 
  in our independent country ... you think this is right ? 
  would you support warsaw or paris having a german nazi mayor had the germans remained in poland or france ? 
   one day the pm will be a russian speaker , and there is nothing you can do to change it . . and you think this is right ? 
  that 's disgusting that you think so . 
  you seem to possess no knowledge how much the russians have hurt us and what many of them think about independent estonia . 
  how can you support them ? 
   `` a slave paints a painting , and dies and so does the owner of the slave . 
  the child of that slave , in later years , becomes a free man . 
  who owns that painting ? 
  the descendant of the slave owner or the descendant of the slave '' nations have collective consciousness . 
  ethnic groups have a right to self determination . 
  do not forget that , you pro-russian imperialist !, 
   ethnic groups do n't think at all , because it is known that humans do not possess a hivemind . 
  same reason why you ca n't blame all germans for the holocaust , or all muslims for some gang rapes or whatever . 
  for christ 's sake , you got what i mean !, 
  if 95 % of an ethnic group a thinks in a direction b and 95 % of an ethnic group c thinks in direction d , then they do n't suit together well !, 
   russia ca n't import anyone or anything into your country anymore , and that 's a good thing . 
  ca n't right now does n't mean ca n't in the future . 
  if they were to occupy the country again , would you be supporting the flooding of estonia with russian colonists and later claiming they have rights to get citizenship in re-independent estonia ? 
  thing is , those `` accepted russians '' were not accepted at all , they came during a time , when estonians were not able to give the acceptance . 
   ethnic groups do n't possess a consciousness . 
  collective consciousness - ** of course they do !, 
  ** i ca n't believe you are defending forceful assimilation of ethnic groups , that 's disgusting for me that you 'd think so . 
  did i mention estonia wants to send its citizens out ? 
  but not all of them are citizens ... 
  are they growing 10 % per year now ? 
  how dare they put up a missile defense system that can stop our nukes !, 
  what about us ? 
  that 's actually not a simple issue . 
  i do n't think europeans are so radical , but as long as european mainstream political parties wo n't take a more anti-immigrant stance , the far right parties will grow in popularity . 
  it 's amazing if people make decisions based on how loud a couple of people can yell . 
  oh indeed , though it does n't mean it will crash the economy , though it will crash the growth . 
  `` the sole '' was not meant in absolute terms , but still , all the other reasons for joining nato are relatively irrelevant if compared to the main reason ... closer integration with the west is for more assurances to keep away from russia :d, 
  indeed , but this did n't start in 2011 ... 
  i did n't know we were talking in absolute terms ... ca n't think of any other sound reason for estonia 's participation in nato than to seek its protection against russia . 
  it quite is for the baltic states , poland and finland ... 
   reason any of russia 's neighboring states, 
  the sole reason any of russia 's neighboring states have joined or are considering joining nato , is ... russia itself . 
   you want a proof of south korea and taiwan backed by us ? 
  its their history . 
  korean war , masrhall plan , whole united nations operations in taiwan . 
  you either misunderstood or you are doing this on intention . 
  i wanted you to prove that the reason taiwan and south korea grew was because of us money , while in reality it was because they organized a good capitalist system . 
  and the arab states grow because of oil . 
  just the point is , that democracy is not something endemic to rich countries and there are plenty of rich countries that are not democracies . 
  ok , population growth - we were arguing about the effects of population on economic development , not the effects of population growth of economic development . 
   flowing money from usa really helps . 
  proof ? 
   there are so much you can do with you population . 
  there may be not a hard cap but there is definetly a soft cap exists . 
  again , zero evidence . 
  it 's like claiming 4 people have an easier time cooking for 4 than 8 people have cooking for 8 . 
  bigger growth before the recession usually means bigger decline during the recession . 
  it 's about long term stable growth - if you grow too quickly , it 's often a sign of an economic bubble . 
  understood , but as i said ( and which you should have answered to ) , there is no such ethnic group called the `` balkan people '' , but there are people called `` baltic people '' , which do n't include estonians . 
   this is wrong . 
  most of the dictotarships suffers economicly . 
  really ? 
  formerly both south korea and taiwan were not democracies , but were doing really well . 
  so are the arab gulf states . 
  then again you can find poor democracies as well . 
  there is no correlation between being a democracy and being rich , not a negative correlation , not a positive one . 
   per capita is relevent with the population . 
  but your claim was that it 's harder to grow in per capita with a population of over 1 billion . 
  i do n't see how it 's any easier for a nation of 1 million , as there are that much fewer people contributing to the growth . 
  that 's why it 's called per capita , it eliminates the difference of population . 
  ugh , and they claim estonians are slow :d and this was not about any recession as there was no recession in 2007 . 
  they are both important - one for international leverage , the other for your own wealth . 
  the discussion here was about china 's capability to grow , which if far more difficult for already richer nations , which china may eventually become . 
   fundamentalist protestants ok , that 's a particularly irish thing :d, 
   with the population of over 1 billion it is really hard isnt it ? 
  size is absolutely irrelevant in gdp growth . 
   but they are doing overhelmingly good considering the one party system and with that many citizens . 
  being a democracy or a dictatorship is absolutely irrelevant in gdp growth . 
  nope , but mosques and imams quite often are , and they still have influence over any religious muslim , whether a fundamentalist or not . 
  i only know some tatars , as they form the biggest muslim community in estonia . 
  tatars are however relatively moderate muslims . 
  they are economically very relevant now already . . 
   their 1 % growth will be more than estonia 200 % . 
  it 's been years since i 've encountered an argument as dumb as this . 
  besides , with china , you are comparing gdp growths , but with germany , you seem to be comparing gdp per capita growths . 
  gdp does n't show wealth , it shows the size of the economy . 
  gdp per capita shows wealth . 
  thing is , modern catholics are n't so tied to churches as muslims are to mosques and their fundamentalist views . 
  but not as long to actually surpass developed nations in gdp per capita . . 
  how quaint . 
  often people overestimate china 's capacity to grow forever and claim they 'll overgrow europe or the us in per capita terms because you know . . they grow 10 % a year .
