  estonians are neither balts , nor have russian as the first language . 
  i do n't think russia is applying for nordic council membership . 
  did i say russians in crimea have to leave ? 
  a victim of russia 's divide and conquer policy , apparently ... 
  definitely case by case , but russians in crimea are not indigenous . 
   since when it is reality ? 
  since always , dear child ...  and we 're back to the beginning - law does n't equal reality . 
  law makes reality if it can enforce it ...  if there 's a law saying that sky is red and nobody can enforce it . 
  if there is a law that everyone must state that the sky is red , then that can be enforced to a degree indeed . 
  they are not indigenous people to decide this ... 
  culturally we have the most to do with nordic countries indeed , but historically we have been ruled by the german upper class and therefore there 's plenty of reason to label us as part of * mitteleuropa * too . 
  eastern europe does n't really classify estonia at all , except in a certain context like world war ii and the soviet occupation and the socio-economical issues directly derived from that . 
  this map is exactly done on culture and not on location . 
  by your writing skills , i 'm not surprised you affiliate with eastern europe . 
  most estonians however do not . 
  we did n't apply , nor did we get rejected . 
  but many estonians rather see estonia as a nordic country anyway , like it 's not like switzerland is n't european if it 's not a member of the eu . 
  not really under teutons per se , but their autonomous branch livonian order and the order of the sword brothers before that . 
  wow , someone actually downvoted this . . 
  does n't matter , they are not indigenous people of this territory and should n't get to decide the political status of the region like that . 
   it does n't even matter if they are . 
  they 're never giving crimea back . 
  crimea would n't even vote to go back . 
  which means sooner or later , we 'll have to give in , which makes all of this economic warfare pointless . 
  the baltic states got their independence back 50 years later . 
  do n't `` give in '' just yet , it accomplishes nothing ... 
  important to note that the most popular russian name is as popular as the most popular estonian name only because russian names vary very little and estonian names vary a lot . 
  i think we used to be , but the average life expectancy for males took a huge rise in a couple of years . 
   so india should be a great competitor due to their human resources . 
  yeah , it should . 
  and the fact that it is n't , only shows that they are not performing well per capita . 
  otherwise their couple of medals may beat that of estonia , yet per capita you can see that estonia is doing much better . 
   per capita is a severely dumb discussion when there are caps on applicants it 's definitely not extremely dumb and it is better than comparing just the total numbers , yet of course per capita is n't absolutely fair towards larger nations . 
  it can be both of these - it does n't have to be either the dumbest or the smartest equation method out there ... do n't generalize so much ... 
   lol , so politics is suddenly reality . 
  ** since when is it not ??? 
  **  transnistria is unrecognized by any un nation , but in reality it is independent from moldova . 
  politics is often very far from reality . 
  and in reality it is not internationally recognized nor has any rights on an international level . 
  of course * de facto * it 's an independent state , just like * de facto * the soviets controlled estonia , but also * de facto * it is important what the * de jure * situation is . 
  soviet laws were mostly replaced with new laws , based on those of the pre-war state in estonia . 
  and in the same time , transnistrians can not much travel anywhere without a moldovan passport ...  after-soviet estonia is in legal sense considered to be a continuation of the pre-war state and as such a same state . 
  well , duh ...  i 'm fine with that - jurists and politicians have their own language it 's not just the language - the language they speak forms the new reality . 
   which often semantically differs from normal language semantically every specific field of work has its own language . 
   it just does n't apply universally . 
  except in their case it does apply universally as politicians and the judiciary are the ones that make and safeguard the law . 
   are much more motivated by politics i.e. 
  what is real . 
  you act like people 's thoughts on a political and legal matter are more important than the thoughts of sovereign states and judiciaries . 
  well , it 's not like radicals always get along . 
  the soviet union and nazi germany collaborated in starting world war ii and learned a lot from each other . 
  also it seems that hiiumaa island has managed to avoid being butthurt in estonia . 
   apparently population is the only thing that matters , which is why india is an olympics superstar . 
  medals per capita is exactly the reason we can say that it 's not a superstar ... 
  that is very true , however only to a degree as in here only the top three matter and not the rest of lets say 45 athletes , who could beat estonia 's best . 
   per capita ? 
  that 's just sad . 
  how the heck did you reach that conclusion ? 
  if your town has 10 medalists and you think it 's a major achievement for a small town and then an american from another town comes and says that the rest of the us won more , than is n't that just stupid ? 
  well , for estonia you need to consider that it has only participated in 21/50 games thus far . 
  total medals is unfair for less populous countries , medals per capita is unfair for more populous countries ... 
  i think some mathematician could however calculate a formula to equalize this somehow , like by a general tendency of how much bigger nations on average should have medals . 
  but again , it 's e ** e ** sti !, 
  they are living happy lives with their wifes and children . 
  the showers after the competition must have been awkward . 
  i 'm just in a lengthy argument with a lithuanian , who claims that all uralic people are originally mongoloid and finnic people have just mixed with indo-europeans ... 
  the average finn at * vappu * . 
  did you just assume that i was either a male or a female ? 
  who is downvoting me ? 
  what does esti mean , son of the mountains ? 
   and it 's not very common in other countries . 
  because you do n't find other states , which have been illegally occupied for 50 years and still have their independence recognized by most countries in the world . 
  it is really a * sui generis * case in international law . 
   law and truth are two distinct things . 
  oh boy , edgy teenager discovered . 
   btw , north korea also proclaims itself to be democratic :-) do other countries recognize it as a democratic state ? 
   i do n't get the downvotes , what i said is not offensive because it 's just dumb . 
  if the same laws apply , then it 's the same state ... 
  if same laws apply , if only the same people and their descendants are citizens , then it 's the same state ... 
  in international law it is generally accepted as a * sui generis * case . 
  damn , and we lost another bronze to russia !, 
   they all look the same to me :-) so do all northern europeans ...  most of those i talked to think that he was a murderous dictator but that he led them to victory ( and saved them from nazi ovens ) in ww2 . 
  most of those , who have been to montenegro ? 
  that can not be an adequate collective sample of russian people . 
  another imperialist dictator , who praised the soviet union and claimed its dissolution was the biggest catastrophe of the 20th century . 
   as a people , they are no worse and no better than the rest . 
  considering their population has been under harsh propaganda and repressions and intellectual cleansing for seven decades , i do n't know why you 'd think so . 
  populations are affected by their environment , not all populations are the same . 
  russians living in other countries may be totally different as it 's nothing genetic of course , but even they must have some interaction and therefore influence by other russians . 
   people i know see hundreds of muslims every day yet they detest them irrationally . 
  i never said anything about detest because detest of a general population is irrational . 
  i am talking about general behavior of an ethnic group , the similarities between them and their difference from other ethnic groups . 
  there is nothing irrational in that , such differences must of course exist with every ethnic group and every nationality . 
  in current olympic games it 's slovenia . 
  it 's the same republic , mind you . . 
  no worries , sakrvo, 
   your balt sees in them . 
  estonians are not balts ...  they do n't seem particularly different from other people and certainly nowhere near the hard-drinking , imperialistic , genocidal devils did i say they were ? 
  i say that there are many among russians , who are still like that and the majority think stalin was a good guy and the large majority supports putin . 
   since that fits what you would rationally expect i tend to believe that it is the balt perception of russians that is skewed , not my own .
