  are not to be called baltic because they are not baltic ... 
  baltic region it may be , but baltic people we are not , stop arguing against ethnolinguistic groupings - if estonians do n't consider ourselves balts , then why do you insist we are baltic ?? 
  baltic states is a geopolitical oxymoron , if you are talking about the tribes or the peoples , then only latvians and lithuanians are baltic and estonians are finnic !, 
  except as i just showed you - we are not baltic , yet they call us baltic . 
  did you really not know that estonians are a finnic people and not baltic ? 
  irrelevant to the topic , we are a finnic people !, 
  [ educate yourself !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ), 
  i see you named us baltic again , what an unfortunate incident !, 
  [ mh . . ] ( https://youtu.be/gh8d-xefln8?t=46s ), 
  i 've seen this general sentiment all over the internet actually . 
  plus among most finns , who come to estonia for any other reason than your average booze trip . 
  perhaps indeed , although i think it 's much more of a functioning organization than the baltic assembly . 
  which all apply for iceland and the faroe islands as well , albeit they might not be on the peninsula ( where denmark is also not ) . 
  i interact with talavija , selonija and fraternitas arctica the most , but i 've spent several evenings in lettonia as well !, 
   oh well , at least we have better ice-cream , and in the end of the day , that really is what matters the most . 
  and for some reason * sald\u0113jums * is the only latvian words most estonians know , 
   i can only speculate why we are like that , but in the political context it could be because our corrupt politicians have fortified their positions and have formed sort of a union where they save each other 's asses , when one of them catches some flak . 
  indeed the oligarchs thing is much more a thing in latvia than it is in estonia . 
  i mean there are some , who may be considered oligarchs , but they have n't been in power since 1997 . 
  and plenty of rich political figures have been caught with corruption and have either been imprisoned or taken out of politics . 
   pessimism is probably our most common trait - it is very common for us to expect to fail , therefore a lot of action is never conceived . 
  a lot of businesses were probably never started because of this . 
  we do have a lot of pessimism in estonia as well , however it has taken us in different directions . 
  the common understanding is that estonia is the shittiest place in the world to live in and why have n't we become the richest country in the world in 25 years . 
  although stupid an nonconstructive , it has lead us to pass harsher reforms and take down anyone , who climbs up too high . 
  as the beautiful lyrics by curly string go  who is witty or is wealthy or is [ up in toompea ] ( http://www.audioguide.ee/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/toompea.jpg ) , must come down eventually !, 
  and of course i 'm not claiming that either estonia or latvia lack any kind of progress nor that latvia is falling more and more behind , it 's just that there 's the weird feeling of realization that latvia is actually behind in many aspects whenever i visit it - while being in estonia you barely notice it from the news etc. 
  because estonia must be the worst place to live in . 
  and yeah , i have plenty of friends in latvia , dozens perhaps , due to active interaction with your fraternity ( and less so sorority ) members . 
  i have however seen quite a lot of negativity from finns as well , although it may be that these people have only interacted with lower class estonian * gastarbeiter * in finland - damn , i would not let such a country anywhere if my opinion was based on such folk ... ( hint : estonians generally think quite badly about estonian workers in finland , i.e. 
  the * [ kalevipojad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyyw8s7uyru ) * ) . 
   is a normal occurrence in the former soviet states . 
  really depends on which states then , seems quite obscure to me . 
  i 've never understood why iceland and the faroe islands are usually not considered to be part of scandinavia or why finland sometimes is . 
  that is a weird difference with estonia . 
  i do n't think most estonians think they are that much different from latvians ( perhaps a little from the catholic lithuanians ) , but some aspects when visiting latvia ( which i do a couple of times a year ) do make me wonder . 
  it 's really the whole politics and how much the older generation has remained in higher political positions . 
  plus there 's the whole different attitude about corruption whereby estonians would like to tear down anyone from any level of leadership for corruption , while latvians are like `` well , what can you do ... '' then there 's also the difference in support for homosexuality , where most higher educated young estonians are relatively in favor , yet the same social class peers from latvia ( with whom i mostly interact ) seem to be mostly against . 
  all the other topics end up with us being on the same opinion , but corruption and homosexuality seem to end up in opposite opinions . 
  it 's not like i can speak for all estonians and definitely not for all social classes , but with the younger higher educated classes there is a remarkable difference . 
  plus , it 's not like nordic countries are only the ones , who are part of the nordic council , it 's definitely broader and more vague than a membership in an organization , just like the borders of europe are not defined by eu membership . 
  it seems that finns are by far the most accepting in estonia being considered a nordic country . 
  it 's not [ that ] ( https://informnapalm.org/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/14/2016/01/gen_eng.png ) far from the truth . 
  rather that it is nordic , but it is n't often considered as one due to cold war era stigmas and lack of knowledge about estonia . 
  in what bizarre way are you more nordic than estonia ? 
  i am a little skeptical about your knowledge of estonia ... 
  we do n't have china anymore , we have ireland !, 
  indeed , but estonia does n't claim to be scandinavia either , just nordic !, 
   i did n't , in fact i told you already behaviour is different due to more responsibility here regarding the use of contraception instead of abortion . 
  but where did you read that out ? 
  because that 's not what the map says !!, 
   how long do you intend to hold up this charade ? 
  what charade ? 
  you directly misinterpret what the map is saying and then blame me for some charade ? 
   they aren ; t . so why act like sexual behavior is exactly the same in the netherlands and in estonia ? 
   it does , namely that they are n't used to the extent that they should be . 
  my poor boy , ** this is not what the map is saying ** !, 
   apparently not sufficiently indeed . 
  get off from that high horse !!!, 
   a bit less hot air and more content please . 
  says the one misinterpreting the map title . 
   there 's no background . 
  of course , all countries are exactly the same !, 
   obviously they do n't to the extent that they should . 
  this map says nothing about condom use , stop inventing stuff !, 
   yes if your neighbour does n't use condoms he 'll get his wife pregnant , even if you do . 
  what ? 
   neither does it here . 
  what has a social taboo here though , is that irresponsible and lethargic soviet attitude . 
  oh boy , ever even been to estonia ? 
   then somebody shoudl teach them the use of condoms and pills so they can use that instead of abortions . 
  yeah , we are a third world country , nobody has ever taught us these things ...  i 'm afraid you 're the one that needs to climb down from your high horse . 
  my high horse of countering your bs ? 
  and again you fail to see the background - i am surprised to hear that anyone claims that estonians do n't use condoms - it 's just that pregnancies happen nevertheless and having an abortion has no social taboo in estonia , plus most people do n't want to have over 2 children as their economic situation is not the strongest . 
  clim down from your high horse and see the local context . 
  how so ? ` you are the one , who brought too much alcohol consumption in , while it had no place here ... 
  it was not about not using condoms , rather than pregnancies can still happen when condoms are used . 
  nice bias ... 
  it 's about no stigmas against abortion , plus this map does n't show the amount of abortions , only the share of them in all pregnancies . 
  condoms do n't 100 % work , you know ... 
  oh gosh , it 's not about that !, 
  you do know they are not 100 % effective , right ? 
  plus this map says nothing about the number of aborted pregnancies , only the share of them from all pregnancies, 
  sort of undermanned brigades  but what do you expect from a small country ? 
  two brigades as of now, 
  who are the interested parties ? 
  how do you know the results are artificially changed in their favor ? 
  is your word for the quality of a democracy better than freedom house ? 
   do you really think an organization that divides the world into ` free ' , ` partly free ' , and ` not free ' is actually producing scientific work ? 
  these are just categories , there is a 2x7 point score system . 
   are not in any way a good source for anything your word is much better i assume  except perhaps us right-wing foreign policy opinions oh boy  it would honestly be hard to find a more unreliable set of judges . 
  perhaps you could find some more reliable set of judges then ? 
   and the house of saud are hostile in the same sense - insofar as invading neighbors , torturing citizens , and supporting terrorists can be considered hostile . 
  i agree , but there 's a difference of the degree on which it is happening in sa, 
  which ones ? 
   at the time it was all about wmds and terrorist cells . 
  oh no arguing there , but i do think that it was because international law is n't particularly pro-democracy and such a justification could not be used . 
  however a lie remains a lie . 
   grenada is tiny , like , smaller than most cities .
