  what else did i claim ? 
  was i present while claiming that ? 
  the things you learn from the educated people ... fine , not per se , but what other classification do you have in mind when you label estonia eastern european ? 
   like passively-aggressively asking about someone 's education is respectful . 
  because you utterly lack arguments and have a clear negative bias . 
   so is a big part of russia . 
  are they northern europe ? 
  again , certain regions of it certainly are , however such lines are mostly drawn along sovereign borders , so russia itself is eastern european . 
   what are the first three ? 
  and are they northern europe too ? 
  yes - iceland , finland and norway . 
   i do ? 
  how do you know ? 
  oh , so we are further down the retarded line . 
  you do n't think finland is northern european ? 
  then what country is ??? 
   yup . 
  feels a bit more post-soviet than poland , czechia or hungary . 
  almost like kaliningrad ( which is also a part of northern europe , i presume ? 
  ) , but cleaner and less run down . 
  tallinn 's old town and business district are pretty nice , though . 
  the rest of the city and the country in general ? 
  perhaps the czech republic , but definitely not poland or hungary , although estonia 's wealth is more unequally divided by region . 
  you have your right to your own opinion here , but my experience is quite the contrary and many foreigners , who have visited these regions usually do n't tend to think so . 
   your run of the mill eastern europe , with commie blocks and everything else that makes eastern europe what it is . 
  sure there are districts that are run down , but not that much in tallinn - commie block districts certainly look awful , yet they are not particularly run down , this word should be reserved for `` neglected '' and `` half-abandoned '' areas . 
  now , do you draw the line really based on economic development ? 
  thing is that with that kind of attitude you are labeling together countries from estonia to albania , which is absurd . 
  basically you claim that estonia has more in common with albania than with finland and sweden despite we basically sharing a culture with finland and have many cultural traits from sweden . 
  what you describe here is the former eastern bloc , which does not equate to eastern europe . 
  there is a reason why there are several concepts as they usually mean different things . 
   they are just a bunch of random trivia . 
  like that language `` argument '' . 
  my question to you - what is an argument in your mind then ??? 
   what the hell is an eastern european language ? 
  never claimed that there is one . 
  i claimed that our language is not related to any eastern european language and we are closely related to finns , who are not regarded as eastern europe . 
   or when you get obsessed about proving your culture has very little to do with russia . 
  well that 's the truth and you are the one obsessed with claiming ( but not proving ) that we have a lot to do with russian culture . 
   so there is an equal sign between eastern europe and russia now ? 
  what other eastern european culture is estonian culture similar with then ??? 
   and that 's what really important here , buddy . 
  it 's important that i do n't respect you when you fail to provide any arguments ? 
  ai n't that nice ...  and that 's what really important here , buddy . 
  just pat yourself on the back and find comfort in the thought that only uneducated types would question your northern european fantasy . 
  northern european fantasy ? 
  we are more north than most of the population of sweden , more north than denmark proper . 
  if you take the southernmost places of countries , then we are the 4th northernmost country in the world . 
   fantasy not biased at all . 
  now , i repeat my question - what makes eastern europe then ? 
  what are the qualifications ? 
  why do you deem finland as northern europe , but estonia as eastern europe ? 
  and also , have you ever been to estonia ? 
  because it really sounds like you have an uneducated bias about that country . 
   lol i claimed that : - estonian is related to finnish and not at all to any `` eastern european '' language besides hungarian - estonia shares much of its history with latvia . 
  it shares little history with lithuania and has been for 250 years been under russia and about 50 years half the country has been under poland . 
  however further history is connected with germans or scandinavians . 
  - our culture is mostly nordic with most influences from baltic germans and less so from russia . 
  now ** how are these not arguments ** ?? 
   i 'll deem them uneducated . 
  there . 
  i feel much better now . 
  i did n't deem you uneducated yet , however your failure to counter any arguments and provide your own surely makes me think so . 
   ftfy so , please answer these questions based on my arguments : - what language is estonian closely related to ? 
  - what country has estonia the most shared history with ? 
  - what cultures have affected estonia the most ? 
  - plus , what is your definition of eastern europe then ? 
   i do n't care that you claim to be something you 're not . 
  not biased at all . 
  may i ask , what is your education level ? 
   and cute , too . 
  makes me go `` awww '' . 
  definitely not biased . 
  so you are not able to counter my arguments ? 
   for what it 's worth , you do n't seem to provide any arguments this . 
  knowledge is a code word for facts related to the subject that you yourself possess . 
  for what it 's worth , you do n't seem to provide any arguments , nor possess any knowledge on the subject , just an unexplained bias . 
   but government in particular is n't paid by someone , it 's paid by everyone . 
  well , definitely not by everyone . 
  but point remains that without a service fee , there is enough reason to call the service `` free '' . 
  what has it got to do with these countries then in your bright mind ? 
  our language is related to finnish , our history with latvia , our culture mostly with nordic countries and some of our major cultural influences come mainly from baltic germans and less so from russians . 
  the concept of east and west division within europe is about as arbitrary as the concept of arbitrary goes . 
  what boris ? 
  it really depends on the context . 
  if you want to talk about the socialist era or social or economic aspects directly influenced by the socialist era , only then is eastern european correct for these countries . 
  otherwise it 's just plain incorrect as we have little more to do with that region . 
  it 's called * [ kaamos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polar_night ) * . 
  if you take only ethnic estonians in estonia , then the results are actually quite similar . 
  there really is only one real threat in these parts of the world , is n't there ? 
  because we can very well lose the word `` free '' from our dictionaries in that case ... everything is paid for by someone . 
  considering there was a huge discrepancy between ethnic estonians and non-estonians in estonia when it comes to the trust in their military , then there was a very small discrepancy in trust in the police . 
  according to the 2015 survey , 85 % of estonians and 81 % of non-estonians trusted the police . 
   just british we do n't use tags the flag is enough . 
  no , i meant we are ahead of finland in this aspect . 
   no offense as i obviously would always cheer for estonia 's achievements ( being a finn ) but whats the significance of wins by gdp ? 
  no offense taken . 
  i merely scrolled through the other categories and found that estonia is ahead of finland in at least one category . 
  however what it says is that it sort of eliminates big money from the results as good training facilities and medical conditions definitely add to the results . 
  ok , perhaps that is logical .
