   had china or russia caused coupe d' etat in mexico , jamaica or haiti coup d'etat = / = revolution . 
  how is that so difficult to grasp ? 
  and i bet their coups would be nothing close to democratic ...  facts are facts except you invent facts . 
  op :  seems like western countries never learn from their experience in iraq , libya and now syria . 
  me :  also , can you expand why you equate iraq , libya and syria ? 
  you should have kept them separate as well . 
  as much as i know , this should be the only `` estonian restaurant '' outside estonia , although some estonian embassies etc might have restaurants as well , but i do n't know how estonia-centric they are . 
  there should be an estonian restaurant at the estonian house in stockholm , at wallingatan 34 . 
  it should be open for lunches on mon-fri at 11-14 . 
  syria was a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  not . 
  that !, 
   country that was slowly democratizing how distanced from reality can you be ??? 
   libya - richest or one of the richest countries in africa you mean the country that has lots of oil . 
  nothing normal about its government . 
   tunesians and so on actually going there for work , also very stable country . 
  now imagine if tunisian government had started a civil war against its people as well . 
  they did n't and now tunisia is considered the only middle eastern democracy besides israel . 
   fact is status quo would be 100x better for average iraqi than this last 13 years of liberation ... 1 ) because iraq was too big of a bite to swallow . 
  2 ) because there was no after-liberation plan ready . 
  plus , you labeling together iraq , which was invaded by the west , and syria and libya , which had popular revolutions and where the dictators started a civil war against their people , just mesmerizes me ...  obviously west is to blame . 
  i ca n't believe a person can be so obvious in their simplistic anti-western agenda . 
  better than gaddafi . 
  yes , barley groats give them a distinct texture and taste . 
  i 'm not answering that question on this subreddit . 
  i have been banned for simply stating how the majority of estonians view the local russians ... and they do influence , but their party is a no-go for mainstream estonian parties to cooperate with , despite them being the most popular party in several elections . 
  i know venezuela is n't a full blown dictatorship , but it 's not really a democracy either . 
  freedom house classifies it as partly democratic anyway and most of their problems are due to socialism and not lack of democracy . 
  well it has more to do with their social status , meaning they live in poorer neighborhoods and are themselves poorer . 
  if there even is such a thing as an ethnic group being more criminal naturally , it probably has much less effects on criminality than social background . 
  it 's just that russians in estonia mostly have a very similar social background . 
  i come from such a district myself and many local estonians are/were not better . 
  it is weird and unnecessary , especially considering it 's difficult to define as a single construct for many people . 
  i have no idea why you do n't understand that the word `` successful '' meant that the revolution , which was a thing organized to topple the government , ** succeeded ** in toppling the government . 
   as others have said , toppling the dictator does n't work , generally . 
  so basically all the dictatorships in the world should remain dictatorships forever ? 
  how do you think we 've gotten democracies in the first place ?? 
   it is almost as if the state of society in such countries advances despite , not thanks to , foreign meddling . 
  not sure what you mean by that . 
   that was taken over by the worst of the scum in no time . 
  you left out that before that happened the totalitarian dictator started using very repressive methods against its people . 
   anything moderate is long gone or turned radical . 
  indeed , but a new shady regime is still better than the old evil one . 
   it is a shitshow that will take longer than libya to get anywhere close to what you had under friggin assad . 
  not sure by what you mean with this one either . 
  person heading the government in a non-democratic country . 
   also , they are easily engineered from the outside . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  some of it is n't . 
  there are plenty of nation-states with the [ right of return ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_of_return ) for people of a certain ethnicity and i see nothing wrong in that . 
  one ? 
  :o you have n't lived in lasnam\u00e4e or kopli then ... 
  it 's not like mixed people can not define themselves as latvians or ca n't they ? 
  yes , because in estonia and latvia ethnic non-estonians/latvians have astonishingly higher crime rates than estonians/latvians . 
  lol , you ca n't be for real . 
  there 's no way you think those countries are democracies . 
  i repeat the question : do you know an example of a not-dictator , who is labeled a dictator by its western enemies ? 
  i 'm rather skeptical about this . 
  i rather think it 's about them not being able to change their ethnicity for some statistical purposes , which has nothing to do with citizenship . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  by that logic the us is radically islamic absolute monarchy and saudi arabia is a democracy . 
  yes , she is quite definitely the favorite right now . 
  oh of course it is , yet she is not a figurehead of any kind , just a diplomat . 
  though you could say the same about many possible candidates . 
  what is a nationality record ? 
  do they not know the difference between `` ethnicity '' and `` nationality '' in english ? 
  she does , although she is rather not a figurehead in international relations , which is something estonia needs a president for . 
  indeed , the enemy of my enemy is my friend sort of thing , but this does n't make the fsa islamists . 
  above all the others , but her support has never been over 50 % . 
  results of the second round : - siim kallas : 138 - allar j\u00f5ks : 134 - blank : 57 - invalid : 3 332 votes ( out of 335 ) , the majority being 167 votes . 
  president not elected . 
  the elections will now continue in the parliament on 3 october and it is the furthest the elections have ever went to . 
  ** both kallas and j\u00f5ks have made claims that they will not continue running for president should the elections fail in the electoral assembly !, 
  we also put barley groats inside them . 
  by the way , found a swedish language [ video clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdorv-ufg6y ) of how estonian blood sausages are made . 
  your possibilities surprise me again , dear youtube !, 
  last i checked the fsa was fighting against isis as well . 
  btw , they are called * verivorst * ( sg . 
  for `` blood sausage '' ) , which to foreigners sounds quite like `` very worst '' , 
   i have no clue what do you want to do , but you do support islamists in literally every post in this very thread . 
  i 've literally not supported islamists in any comment in my life . 
   i have no clue this seems more correct . 
   because in ' a repressive totalitarian dictatorship ' average joe can live his life undisturbed if he stays away from politics while in country ruled by islamists no one can . 
  i do n't support isis over assad . 
  but i support taking down assad over assad . 
   do you fucking get it ? 
  no i really do n't . 
  you did n't get your point through . 
  [ blood sausages with lingonberry jam ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e15/10735544_370737223103899_2058010976_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=odq1mdewmjiwmtc3mjq3mte1.2 ) will become a thing again . 
   kid lol who said i want to support islamists ? 
  why are you supporting a repressive totalitarian dictatorship ? 
  which only condemned the act , but did n't apologize for it , nor itself reverted its actions ( estonia remained occupied for two more years until the early collapse of the ussr ) . 
  the resolution did n't even mention that it was an occupation , let alone an illegal one . 
  just read and educate yourself on the matter [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states#soviet_and_russian_historiography ) . 
  edit : also see a clip about it [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/frzzdj6_auq?t=1h2m13s ) . 
  crazy . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
   some people seem to suggest the usa started this or something , but it 's just plain wrong . 
  people peacefully protested , were shot at/arrested and tortured , and then a lot of different groups with different goals started to emerge and fight the gov. 
  some of these group are obviously awful , some of them are better than the current gov.
