  this i understand as well , but this is a map of the general regions . 
  calling you british ( a nationality ) is a tad bit different than stating that ireland is part of the british isles ( a geographical term ) though or do you disagree ? 
  regions would still exist in the most homogeneous of places . 
  i can still imagine south liechtenstein and north liechtenstein for example . 
  now that is a fair point !, 
  same here . 
   by the balts and two by the baltic finns makes sense in english only . 
  in estonian the baltic sea is `` western sea '' and in finnish it 's `` eastern sea '' , so we are western sea finns and eastern sea finns in our languages , while latvians and lithuanians are still balts . 
  also , the term `` finnic people '' also exists as a synonym to `` baltic finns '' and should probably be preferred to avoid confusion with balts . 
   estonians are totally different as they are not even in the same ethnic linguistic branch , but have some influences for living pretty close ... yeah , those influences matter quite a lot for latvia ( but not lithuania ) , our histories have been almost identical . 
  i do n't even know if there are two countries out there with a more similar history . 
  but you are right , it 's a whole different ethno-linguistic family . 
   leading up to wwii , we did all act quite similar . 
  we had autocratic regimes trying to prevent extremists from the right and left from taking power . 
  i 'm sorry but we can be compared to latvia , but not lithuania in this matter . 
  lithuania had an authoritarian regime in 1926 , while we got one in 1934 with the general wave . 
   we tried to form alliances with each other , poland and finland yes , but how does that make a `` politically homogeneous entity of three countries '' ? 
  i thought about it , and i decided not to , as people would think this would be as insulting as being called russians 30 years after their-imposed horrible totalitarian dictatorships were ousted . 
  that 's what many of them seem to think as it follows cold war era distinction . 
  so you will have eurovision with western europe , plus russia , belarus and ukraine !, 
   it 's not an outrageous thing to assume that the people living in the baltic countries are the baltic people . 
  would definitely sound logical , right ? 
  that 's why we are n't that close to the pan-baltic identity . 
   i also do n't think people honestly can tell a visual difference between lithuanians , latvians and estonians . 
  not even themselves . 
  lol , why would this even be a thing ? 
  do you think i can tell a swede from an estonian ? 
  no it 's not controversial , but as we usually divide the regions [ diagonally ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?client=opera&amp;hs=hn4&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=731&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;q=square+divided+into+4&amp;oq=square+divide&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3.0.0i19k1l4.8668.11308.0.12377.13.13.0.0.0.0.352.1694.0j8j1j1.10.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..3.10.1688...0j0i67k1.dnic1vmogj8#imgrc=n_zvkrpgbvvkxm: ) , then you would get more homogeneous areas if you add a central part , unifying the nearby countries in the center instead adding them to four different categories . 
   northern europe is more like a region that is almost completely overlapping with western europe so you also ditch the baltic states to eastern europe ?? 
  or are we just small enough for the `` almost completely '' ? 
  why so ? 
  only in the cold war era context . 
  in older and deeper contexts , how is the orthodox nation more western than the catholic and protestant nations labeled as eastern europe by many ? 
   i implied that x nationalities are bothered by being labeled as eastern european , what 's wrong with it ? 
  well , nothing , you were correct . 
   why would easterner not be used in this context , speaking about eastern europeans ? 
  lol [ easterners ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/easterner ) are people of the eastern world . 
  eastern europeans are part of the western world . 
  why would someone be so proud of their ignorance ? 
  westerners and easterners are n't really used in the inter-continental context . 
   i know the baltics states differ from the rest now that 's an interesting statement . 
  the rest of whom ? 
   how are we ex nazi ? 
  we didnt even have a nazi government , were part of the allies until we lost etc. 
  we did n't even have a soviet government , we were a neutral country until we were occupied . 
   you 'll remain east for a long time you still seem to be proud of ignorance . 
  i.e imperialism is the logic . 
   tallin, 
  in specific , but not in general contexts . 
  shitty economy . 
  they have a very materialistic thinking for some reason and money counts for more than actual cultural similarities . 
  but why emphasize the superficial east-west differences more than than the far deeper north-south differences for example ? 
  in europe the historical north-south divide is far more important than the east-west divide . 
  do n't get me wrong , three decades after the end of the cold war , the east-west division still shows more noticeable social differences , but this is only on the surface . 
  deeper differences between the countries run along historical religious lines , which have influenced the culture and mentality more permanently than five decades of a foreign dictatorship that was almost universally despised by the locals . 
   we 're just trying to talk about a region of the continent . 
  but the way you group the countries in these regions is still strongly linked to the cold war era division . 
   and western europe at the same time . 
  but only in the cold war era related east-west division , right ? 
  because you would n't call denmark and sweden western europe if other parameters were included . 
  same goes for germany and the czech republic - they might be west and east in the cold war era division , but if you include the central european parameter , then you ca n't really draw a regional border in between them anymore . 
  and in the views of many , they do n't really know more about these countries that they were once behind the iron curtain . 
   and i think the 3 baltic countries all made a politically homogeneous entity during the interbellum . 
  what ? 
  trends come and go , but memes will stay forever . 
  because your countries and regions are not affected by ignorant regional classifications that much , simple as that ... and get this , eastern europeans are westerners as well ... 
  learn your basic concepts ... 
  fine , you were n't the one , who used this word , but you implied to it when you answered . 
  and by wrong names you use the word `` easterner '' , which can not be used for any europeans . 
  i mean , that 's pretty ignorant ... 
  good talk . 
   i know , shit is cringy as fuck . 
  some estonians are desperate . 
  what are you on about ? 
  have a look at the map , you are quite close , also up there ...  mentality wise russians are closer to us than many `` western and northern '' european countries . 
  yeah i do n't think so . 
  why would a person defend his ignorance ? 
  sure , but this in the case of having a certain number of regions on the map . 
  if you divide only by north and south , germany would be north . 
  but if you divide by north , south , east , west and central , then it would be incorrect to keep germany in northern europe . 
  did your mother hang the map upside down in your room or what ? 
  / call people by the wrong name and then use words like triggered to defend your ignorance . /, 
  / call people by the wrong name and then use words like triggered to defend your ignorance . /, 
  who says i 'm offended ? 
  oh no you did n't !, 
  no it does not have a negative connotation , although we are sort of distanced from that term , considering we are not actually balts . 
  most of our population lives north from most of your population . 
  poor iceland . 
  i mean , at first i labeled them southern europe , but then i thought it might be idiotic and i had another idea . 
  did you actually equate eastern europeans with easterners ? 
  because both eastern europeans and western europeans are westerners ...  a lot of easterners on here would draw the east/west divide on the russian border probably not , eastern europe is also belarus and ukraine , and perhaps moldova , romania and bulgaria . 
  ah , so what were the original posters triggered about ? 
  i would n't care if eastern europe were the richest region in the world , my country still shares more with any northern european country than with any country south of latvia ... 
  but do you actually think that the common cultural area of eastern europe just coincidentally shares the borders of the cold war eastern europe ? 
  do you honestly think that estonia has more in common with albania than with finland ? 
  do you think that france has more in common with sweden than with poland ? 
  if so , then i 'm sorry , but i just have to call out the flaming ignorance ... 
  i am not frustrated , i have a frank temper and i do n't hesitate to say things out loud . 
  and i despise ignorance and love debating with people , so i 'm perfect for reddit . 
   tell a person from the baltics they live in an ex-soviet state and they 'll be angry .
