   sorry mini-soviet now this is n't an insult ? 
  it 's like saying `` mini-nazi '' to a holocaust survivor ...  but you are still a ex soviet state . 
  just like half of europe is ex-nazi . 
   you voluntarely fought alongside germans lol `` you '' as in the state - no . 
  some estonians did because the soviets were clearly the bigger evil . 
  however most estonians fought for the nazis because they were told either to fight or be shot . 
   how fucked must that be ? 
  less fucked than how little clue you actually have about the history of this region . 
  did n't notice the warning until now though . 
  however - honest question . 
  if someone had written a sentence `` there was a ` genocide ' of the jews '' , making it look like the person is questioning the holocaust , would a sentence like mine still gotten me a warning ? 
  edit : and the dude called me a `` mini-soviet '' , which is as insulting as saying `` mini-nazi '' to a holocaust survivor . 
  wait , where ? 
  i do n't even think we should be using it diplomatically . 
   but at every international event youd be named former soviet republic of estonia horrible , considering we were illegally occupied by the soviet union and therefore were n't legally part of the union . 
   territorial integrity precedes the right to self determination in international law . 
  which is absurd - you can toss the `` right '' to self determination totally out of the legal textbook with that kind of interpretation . 
  why should i not . 
  it bothers me when one finnic nation is considered part of a specific region , while the other is conveniently forgotten and tossed into another group , whose name at least coincides with a linguistic term that does n't apply to us and whose one member we have far less in common than with scandinavia . 
  it 's the hypocrisy i ca n't stand . 
  i pretty much know how the law works alright , considering i am a master of law , having specialized in international law , especially state succession and the right to self determination , 
  which is against international law if there are indigenous ethnic groups in the land . 
  people who deny you your liberties are not evil ? 
  i am thinking . 
  and i am thinking that this notion that self-determination may be limited to autonomy is absolutely absurd . 
  i do n't like unintelligent people . 
  i am arrogant with unintelligent people , i concur . 
   but spanish law requires a nationwide referenda which is absurd . 
  i have a need to call out unintelligent people and bash biases . 
  yet finns are ? 
  makes no sense , bro !, 
  know what ? 
   every time the same stuff , get a life !, 
  boo-hoo , i am stating facts and pointing out mistakes . 
  why are you supporting mistakes ? 
  and how the hell am i manipulating statistics ??? 
  i want clear examples of this !, 
  most other european countries have n't seen such a vast wave of illegal forced-upon immigrations ... 
  that was not my entire comment . 
  source is pure logic . 
  if you believe in something supernatural without evidence - you are an unintelligent person . 
   being an atheist does n't make you smarter . 
  oh no , i never claimed that . 
  i claimed that believing in god means that you are unintelligent . 
  i do n't need something so unintelligent in my life . 
  how is this related to iq ? 
  so , i ca n't answer people on reddit anymore ? 
  wow , til !, 
  yet an important one . 
  how is the bible not a fairy tale ? 
  i can reassure you , they do have a job :d, 
  how can you be realistic critical thinker if you believe in a mythical creature without any shred of evidence ? 
  it 's pretty telling that you do n't get analogical sarcasm . 
   baltic ethno-nationalist stereotype although estonians are not even baltic . . nice going , bro !, 
   commenters like / u/m3dicated certainly gives one more hope . 
  u/m3dicated is a naive person . 
  i think u/m3dicated is extremely naive . 
  local russians are a grave threat to us next to an actual russian invasion . 
  many of them still sympathize with russia . 
  i really ca n't see how our poverty could be a threat , considering how much the economy has developed in a few decades . 
   maybe if russian was an official language of estonia , as it should you are a sick person !, 
  russians came here illegally , ** they deserve no special rights !, 
   i 'm not an estonian so perhaps i should n't comment , but denying people education in the language of their culture is a bit of a dick move . 
  russians coming here was a bit of a dick move . 
   in the uk , welsh and gaelic are options these are both indigenous people . 
   but discrimination is not the answer . 
  there is no discrimination . 
   no , because it was georgia who attacked first . 
  lol, 
  i took a week to check my notifications . 
   even russian minority in estonia knows estonian . 
  no , more estonians speak russian than russians speak estonian . 
  let me guess , by invading more countries ? 
   nato will not attack us ( which they plan to do in 2021 ) shit , my secret papers tell me it is a year after . 
  which one should i believe now ? 
   at least russia is respected lol, 
  whenever a person puts these two very different conflicts into the same sentence , i know that the person knows absolutely nothing about recent history and international law . 
   when we protected abkhazia , southern ossetia and crimea lol . 
  the brainwash is strong with you !, 
  and the storyline is always the same ... 
  he wo n't get it . 
  he thinks the us wanted to mass murder soviet people just for the fun of it . 
   like bombing yugoslavia they ** deserved it ** , it was legal !, 
   making kosovo an independent country which was necessary to grant peace in the region . 
   killing a leader of libya not killing , but supporting the uprising . 
  and why the hell are you supporting a totalitarian dictator ? 
   whole our history consists of attempts of other nations to conquer us . 
  looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool and how many other nations have you conquered yourselves ? 
  how many do you keep controlling today ? 
  russia is the biggest imperialist of the modern world !, 
  believe it or not , but my sister went through the same thing just yesterday . 
  she had been ill for several days and now insisted on going back to the doctor so they would do more analyses and it turned out to be pneumonia too . 
  not life-threatening perhaps , but still not a simple disease . 
  of course that exists , but you can not possibly compare it to what is going on between helsinki and tallinn . 
  there are quite many different ferries , so which one do you mean ? 
  of course there is a border , it 's just free to cross . 
   actually no . 
   especially that bit that 's right at the border . 
  which is a small bit . 
  same word in estonian .
