  but does it mean that there is really no winter sport culture in denmark , because i can see that there would be enough facilities for at least skating and other similar events nowadays . 
  well i am aware all of that , but it still surprises me that you have so little interest for winter sports . 
   please do not look at the winter olympics , that is just humiliating . 
  holy heck !, 
  you guys won one silver medal in 1998 . 
  you do understand that you noc contains the northernmost lands and inhabited areas in the world , right ? 
  well , finland has been lucky to have participated at all games , estonia did n't have that luck . 
  at least estonia leads in total medals by gdp   there might be some other estonian olympic medalists from that time . 
  12 gold , 11 silver and 11 bronze from that era . 
  plus , erika salum\u00e4e and the t\u00f5niste brothers all won medals for both the ussr and independent estonia . 
  edit : and with erika salum\u00e4e , we just can not forget [ this fiasco ] ( http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/erika-salumae-olumpiavoitja-67022580.jpg ) . 
  considering that estonia is second and hungary is fourth , then uralic nations have performed quite well !, 
  she most likely just put the flag in front of her face , it does n't look like she 's actually wearing it ... 
  instead of godwin 's law , there 's the law of thrones . 
  it 's not like other places in estonia do n't have internet access ... 
   estonia is a very small country with a small and compact population . 
  boosting the signal and keeping it at high speeds for the majority of the population is much easier that in larger , more sparsely populated countries ( like finland ) . 
  i can very much understand the population density argument with finland , but not the size issue . 
  whenever someone claims that `` it 's easier for estonia because it 's a small country '' , they suddenly seem to forget that it also has a small population . 
  i guess stannis really proved himself then . 
  otherwise , it could easily conquer the world !, 
  if estonia manages it , then everybody else in europe should manage it as well ... 
  i hate that argument so much . 
  of course something has to pay for the service , most likely our tax money - we all get the concept , it 's pure logic . 
  but if besides taxes there is no service fee , then there 's still enough reason to call it `` free '' . 
  how is that conquering again ? 
  indeed , that is not a low percentage . 
  however where those 51 % live is mostly in lasnam\u00e4e in tallinn and in northeastern estonia - in areas with mixed populations the russians are much more integrated into the estonian society and most likely think better of the country . 
  what shit in world history do you mean ? 
  the eu is really first of its kind ... 
  i am not sure if any such poll has ever been organized . 
  theoretically , why not . 
  if the union is comprised of stable democratic countries that share the same values , then i would n't object . 
  however this is not really possible to come in our lifetimes , except for a few single cases perhaps . 
  51 % that is . 
  it 's supposed to be trust for the existing institution . 
  i do n't think it means the current defense policy , that would affect the ministry of defense , same goes for the budget . 
  it 's rather how the military works and do you trust the officials in the military to run the institution according to their best intentions , plus it protecting the democratic form of government . 
  ussr trade was more important to estonia than eu trade , but look at the situation now ... and i am aware of the difference that one was a repressive dictatorship and the other one is n't , but do you think that if the ussr was a democratic state , then all of its constituent states should have remained part of the country because of reasons ? 
  if people rather determine themselves as part of a smaller area/ethnic group , then why hold them back ?? 
   the u.k. is the worlds most successful nation oh boy ... 
  general trust for the military . 
  estonia does these surveys all the time , people just answer yes or no to the question do you trust your military etc. 
  very well , but the uk is a state that consists of four constituent countries . 
  i am sorry that political concepts offend you . 
   and damaging 65 % of its trade why not be independent within the eu ? 
  plus if damaging trade is your problem , then you really wo n't like leaving the eu . 
  estonia lost almost all of its trade relations once it broke free from the ussr , but new trade relations developed and life went on . 
  so will go with independent scotland , not so much with the uk as geographically speaking , it does n't have many alternatives . 
   whilst launching a new currency that will require a reserve of billions whilst maintaining a 10 % deficit and possibly joining the eu is a good idea you need to stop drinking . 
  yeah , scotland will never be able to do it , yet post-soviet states were able to do it in 13 years ...  scotland does n't want to separate , there was a clear message sent in 2014 . 
  support for independence is on a constant rise , you are fooling yourself if you think 2014 results portray some sort of current reality , especially after the fiasco of the recent brexit referendum . 
  your country is england though , not the uk , is n't it ? 
   scottish independence is not economically feasible and would destroy my identity . 
  lol . 
   i do not object to there being smaller member states , just separatism . 
  separatism is good if there is a unified ethnic group wanting to separate . 
  a unified nation will always govern themselves better than a divided one . 
  i support both divisive nationalism in european countries , yet also regional cooperation on the whole continental level . 
  why would anyone object to the idea of there being smaller member states in the eu ? 
  easily said by a nation effectively controlling smaller nations ... and what is wrong with nationalism ? 
  it 's not like wanting independence is some radical form of nationalism ... 
  all nations or all democratic nations ? 
  plus , such a sentence is rather stereotypical to those nations , who are the biggest nation in their state ... 
   there are better plays to earn independence a legal referendum would come to mind . 
  it depends on how long it has been since their last trip to estonia . 
  if you think of smaller level geographical units , then such restrictions exist in most countries , especially in national parks . 
  it 's easy to restrict access to a separate region like svalbard - they just restrict the transport to there , at least for tourists . 
  it would be a limit on the amount of tourists in a specific region . 
  iceland just implemented one , although they have visa waivers with many nations too . 
  reminds me of a quote from the list of '' [ 100 ways to know that you are from estonia ] ( http://estonianworld.com/life/100-ways-to-know-that-you-are-from-estonia/ ) ''  your best friend 's girlfriend is your english teacher 's daughter and they live next door to your grandparents , who were colleagues with your advisor , who is friends with your ... 
  is that really your solution ? 
  why not just put a limit on tourist arrivals ? 
  ** more ** willing is the key here . 
  it does n't mean they were willing to do that anyways , just that they were rather willing to do that than fight for the soviets . 
  plus , in the context of protecting estonia from another soviet invasion , many were indeed willing to fight for the nazis , but again - for a good reason . 
  fighting for the nazis does n't make you a nazi sympathizer , especially if you consider the consequences . 
  all i said and all those men were thinking was that `` better fight for the nazis than for the soviets '' and for a good reason as the soviet occupation of just one year had destroyed independence , imposed a totalitarian dictatorship , murdered thousands , imprisoned thousands , deported ten thousand to siberia , illegally mobilized tens of thousands and had virtually eradicated the country 's political , economic , military , intellectual and cultural elite . 
  of course similar things happened during the nazi occupation , but not much directed against ethnic estonians unless they were communists , who the rest of estonians hated anyway . 
  plus the jewish community in estonia was relatively small and most had been deported to siberia or evacuated with soviet troops , so the holocaust was n't much felt in the society . 
  plus , there was n't much avoiding either conscription . 
  if the soviets conscripted , then you had to go or be shot of treason . 
  if the nazis conscripted , then you had to go or be shot of treason . 
  many young men avoided the nazi conscription though by escaping to finland and joining the finnish army . 
  did i say there is any reason whatsoever to be a nazi sympathizer ?? 
   a straw man is a common form of argument and is an informal fallacy based on giving the impression of refuting an opponent 's argument , while actually refuting an argument that was not advanced by that opponent . 
  i never claimed that there was a good reason to be a nazi sympathizer . 
   you did n't claim that . 
  you said there were good reasons to be a nazi sympathizer . 
  nice strawman ...  maybe this will blow your mind , but you could support neither . 
  is n't that the case ? 
  i guess you know better . 
  of course , the person claiming that the soviets were worse than the nazis , is automatically a nazi sympathizer . 
  how very obvious of you ... read the rest of my comments here , you might learn a thing or two . 
  that much i understood , yet correct in russian still means that it 's intentionally used incorrectly . 
  that 's our native language , in english we would both be incorrect with that word . 
  plus there is no reason to spell tallinn with one n , it 's simply incorrect in any language , it 's incomparable to * venemaa * . 
  you should first learn how to spell tallinn correctly , so you would n't get into trouble with your xenophobic ideology . 
  no , your portrayal of estonians is exactly what one would expect from you portraying estonians . 
  oh indeed , i just looked at the title , which i thought was just about the iraq war .
