  there was a revolution !, 
   although it is indeed a successful intervention , it was not a democratization attempt . 
  sure it was . 
  the difference is the small size of the country , which means it was easy for international troops to stabilize the democracy . 
   here you can see that there are enough people to compare him with . 
  with some exceptions , they are pretty much all the same . 
  some of them much worse than assad . 
  these are all dictatorships , but few are as repressive as assad !, 
  plus this includes both authoritarian and totalitarian dictatorships , like in syria . 
   russia is an oligarchic democracy . 
  how can you be so thick in the head ?? 
  no respectable international organization dealing with democracy issues , considers russia a democracy . 
   that was an act of self determination . 
  the correct term for that event would be `` separation '' . 
  fighting against a power that is n't suiting for them , especially if it 's an undemocratic and repressive power . 
  this applies to both internal revolutions and separations . 
  you could very well use the `` not ready for democracy/independence '' argument on both of them . 
   1 man does not make a society nor civil war . 
  the support for the change must reach some critical value , when the step could be made . 
  what 's that arbitrary critical value then ? 
   i was talking about russian specifically . 
  when in '99 the elections were held in quite and awkward manner , people did not oppose that , and have put an `` x '' near putin 's name . 
  indeed , they are a dictatorship and people have been brainwashed to think it 's good . 
  however it 's quite far from saying that the people deserve to live under a dictatorship - nobody deserves that !, 
   it did for none . 
  lol , you just so ridiculously disregarded my examples ...  even the most totalitarian country , the process of democratization is happening . 
  are you insane ?? 
   people walk out the streets and the dictator steps down . 
  oh my god , the naivety ... 
  well i 'm quite sure the concept of nordic countries did n't exist in the early middle ages ( basically ancient history in estonia and finland ) , but they are both finnic people , i just wonder why maps like these so often forget that ... 
  metropolitan france really does n't have so many islands ... 
  it 's the width of the beaches that counts , not the length !, 
  [ erki nool ] ( https://youtu.be/dbpipujvpve?t=1m22s ), 
  [ metropolitan ] france does n't have many islands , which denmark , estonia and croatia all have . 
  well finland and sweden quite definitely have a longer coastline than estonia , but estonia may indeed have a longer coastline than france due to several thousand islands . 
  estonia is not broke . 
  it has money left over when finland bought all that booze from him . 
  do n't really apply to all three ... 
  atheist does n't really apply to all three , poverty is also relative - depends on who you compare them with . 
   first try to solve your identity issues like nordic/slavic/else latvians are baltic ...  as it stands right now you are just some ex soviet aliens in my book . 
   but latvia ? 
  nope , nothing comes to mind . 
  why brag about your lack of knowledge ? 
   `` estonian '' ( virolainen ) , but i think that has a different origin . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  not sure if trolling or not . 
  [ knock on your door ], 
  catalan language is part of the occitano-romance languages , meaning both the french and the spaniards consider the occitans and the catalans as `` regional identities '' , despite those two being closer to each other than to the french and the spaniards ... 
  i personally do n't even care whether catalonia becomes independent or not , but i can not stand these imperialist spanish arguments for denying the catalans their right of self determination . 
   so even if they are born there , they are not indigenous . 
  very smart . 
  that 's exactly how it is !, 
  you do not understand what the word indigenous means , apparently . 
  are white people indigenous to america ?? 
   as your flair says northern estonia , i thought you could have been from narva and therefore russian . 
  just . 
  random ... 
  most of northern estonia lives around tallinn . 
   legally , as long as their law say so , they do . 
  by what sane standards would the whole country have a say in one region using its right to self determination ?? 
  it goes directly against the essence of that right itself !, 
   yeah !, 
  let 's just ignore laws !, 
  if laws go against international law and pure logic , then of course !, 
   because it granted autonomy in exchange for not seceding . 
  understood , however no such agreement ( i.e. 
  constitution ) can be eternal . 
   they are not an `` indigenous ethnic group '' then . 
  the spaniards replaced the catalans ?? 
   they learned tje language , and as a consequence they have they right to vote as well . 
  so i 'm guessing they are assimilated into the catalan culture . 
  what 's the problem then ? 
   it seems to me pretty similar to the rest of spain , but ok ... 
  how ?? 
   i 'm not even sure that they were an etnic group before this immigration . 
  seriously , what the hell ? 
   the existence of opposition still does n't mean that the people are ready . 
  yes , it does . 
  these people do deserve democracy . 
   there was also never has been a successful revolution . 
  [ what ??? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1989 )  it was always a bloodshed [ what ??? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singing_revolution#estonia )  but look at uk . 
  there was no revolution there . 
  [ what ??? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_revolution )  this is how it is done . 
  by evolution . 
  there have been many swift democratizations in history . 
  even look at the most recent example - tunisia after 2011 ...  but that they are accept it what the hell is that supposed to mean ? 
  - they are not accepting it - there is a civil war - if some are being repressed and live in fear , does it mean that not fighting against the regime is `` accepting it '' ? 
   the people in france would not tolerate a dictator trying to step up . 
  did they accept a dictatorship in 1940 ?? 
   people in russia did . 
  there was a long and devastating civil war , you know ...  when did it ever work ? 
  grenada . 
   you should check other dictators alive and dead . 
  assad is mediocre . 
  no he is not , among live dictators he is one of the most repressive . 
  check your facts yourself . 
   you have no idea what you are talking about .
