   you 'd support unleashing endless war and violent sectarianism just because you believe you know what 's right for the non-western world better than the people there do how do you know what the people there wish ? 
   and because you accept those massive casualties on the behalf of the people you supposedly want to help , whether they would accept them or not . 
  how do you know what they accept ? 
  do you know what a dictatorship is ??? 
   luckily of course that judgement is up to us , the enlightened westerner . 
  there are many non-western democracies out there ...  we of course have the natural authority to make war everywhere we want because our system is better than everyone else 's . 
  i never said everywhere we want . 
  that only portrays how little you [ want to ] understand my argument . 
   who authorised you to make that decision ? 
  are you some global judge , trained , educated and anointed to make decisions on who is democratic and who is not and deserves to be invaded ? 
  show me a respectable international organization dealing with democracy , that considers russia a democracy . 
  yeah , protecting democracies and not giving shit about the rights of dictatorships is crazy shomehow ... 
   if you did you would know the us did some really sick shit in the beginning of the 21st century . 
  indeed , when most of what we criticize today , was n't really illegal according to international law . .  for example , they kidnapped 2 swedish citizens and tortured them for days , imprisoned them for months , and then released them , considering them not guilty . 
  care to find me some more information about that ? 
   your defense of guantanamo bay could also be one of the most uninformed opinions about the issue i have ever read . 
  your logic could literally be used to defend pretty much any removal of rights ever deviced . 
  you mean to tell me that any of the guantanamo prisoners were not related to terrorist movements ? 
  it does n't matter , he brought it up under the topic `` france just called on russia to be investigated for war crimes in syria '' , which is not in any way related to the us . 
  not only - that was the only point in his comment . 
  it is still a classic example of whataboutism . 
   you arbitrarily deciding that democracies ca n't be client states has nothing to do with facts . 
  i am stating that they are n't , not that they ca n't be . 
   omfg ... point being ? 
   the ussr was the aggressor of the cold war , not the west !, 
  so this stands . 
   which means any and all abuses are permitted to us , neat . 
  no , only the ones that serve the purpose of self-defense and the spreading of democracy . 
   and i 'm not quite sure why someone would posit that democracies should be allowed to flagrantly ignore international law and commit wanton abuses . 
  because undemocratic countries are the ones to keep international law as such that it is suiting to them . 
   ah yes . 
  because north korea existed of course south korea should be a military semi-fascist dictatorship . 
  no , it should be a democracy . 
  however if ( and only if ) that was not doable at the time , that right-wing dictatorship was better than it being communist . 
   because the soviet union existed of course the shah should rule iran as a quasi-stalinist police-state . 
  better than being a soviet ally . 
   because some regimes in south america happen to be somewhat leftwing of course the us was obligated to orchestrate coups that brought to power some of the worst human rights abusers on the planet . 
  better . 
  than . 
  them . 
  cooperating . 
  with . 
  the . 
   from your perspective . 
  now here 's where i can talk in absolutist terms . 
  it is unquestionably the only legitimate form of government as it has been installed by the people . 
   it 's a flawed democracy , but a democracy nonetheless . 
  yes , sadly there are some democracies with very undemocratic aspects . 
   it is also a favored pal of the us . 
  irrelevant . 
   so basically the minority of western nations should with military force bequeath upon the unwashed third-world masses the blessing of our ways against their strictest objections ? 
  damn all the consequences ? 
  no , here i sort of agree with you . 
  i said that iraq was a mistake because there was no real internal opposition , no ongoing protests , revolution or civil war against the dictator . 
  invading such a country may work if it 's small enough ( like grenada ) , but on iraq 's case , it will only cause more trouble as literally taking down a government without internal support will only cause civil content against the foreign power . 
  however you need to remember that the state always has the means against the people , especially a dictatorship . 
  it can use the army and the police force to crack down on protesters . 
  how could the people then ever get democracy without foreign support ? 
  i understand that we can not get a democratic world in our lifetime , but we need to protect the countries that are democratic now and we need to support the movements which want to bring down their dictatorships , be them fully democratic or not - at least they cause change because a stable dictatorship is stagnant . 
   popular ` resistance ' movements aim for all sorts of things . 
  quite rarely do they aim for a liberal democracy on the western model which is what you 're advocating should be forced on countries everywhere . 
  more often than not they 're violently sectarian . 
  whether they are liberal democrats also quite rarely matters when it comes to attracing western support . 
  that is true , but i still think that the possibility of a democracy through war is still better than a stagnant stable dictatorship . 
   how do you guys look at the middle east and think , `` yeah , those are the people i want in my country ! '' ? 
  we have troubles integrating and getting along with our recent russian immigrants and compared to middle eastern muslims , they come from a relatively close culture . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone actually thinking integrating middle eastern muslims would be a recommendable task . 
   whoa , what happened to ` all people are born equal ' ? 
  they are . 
   though a real question would be ` who has the right to decide which one of those countries is a dictatorship ' but unfortunately i already know the answer . 
  if you 're thinking whether your country is on the right side of what is and what is not a democracy , then i do n't have a happy answer for you . 
   you 're basically saying that breaking international law is fine so long as enough governments that you deem to be morally superior to others agree with you . 
  not only morally superior , i claim that undemocratic rulers are wholly illegitimate and should get no say in international affairs !, 
  we need international law to exist between us , but undemocratic states with nonexistent morals should not be counted as equals here . 
   you still have n't addressed my actual point though . 
  i did . 
   democratic countries breaching international law against a dictatorship is one thing . 
  breaching international law against a democracy is another . 
  if this happens , the entire democratic world should intervene against the criminal dictatorship at hand . 
   semantic denialism . 
  no , i am stating facts , you are making them up . 
   debatable . 
  omfg ... 
  it is literally the country that divided europe and cooperated with the nazis and got away with it ...  this is exactly what i was criticizing to begin with . 
  you 're alleging that ` our side ' is better than theirs not because of any particular restraint , any particular standards , any particular values . 
  we 're better ipso facto because we 're our side . 
  no , because we have democratic societies and therefore legitimate governments . 
   there was russian support to both in the 90s which was what i was referring to . 
  of course russia would do anything to widen their imperialistic control . 
  they are the last ones to care about democracy . 
   again , double standards . 
  double standards only if you disregard the democracy factor , which i am not sure why someone would do . 
   you 're slavishly defending the us which has a long history of supporting right-wing dictatorships where democracy does n't suit it . 
  indeed , but that was mostly during the cold war , where right-wing dictatorship was better than any left-wing rule as the left wing were soviet puppets . 
   as someone who 's actually pro-democracy i also do n't see what 's pro-democracy about defending a minority of countries using military means to force its system of governance on other countries and killing hundreds of thousands during that process . 
  because democracy is the only legitimate system of governance . 
   turkey has been a democracy for most of this past century , during which it has seen no issue in oppressing the kurds , willfully unleashing civil war against the kurds time and again , displacing some 400,000 over the last 12 months alone . 
  ah , indeed . 
  great example . 
  yet turkey is n't really considered a very democratic state either ...  not to mention that us intervention rarely creates functional democracies ( the iraqi catastrophe for instance causing an extremely sectarian , deeply corrupt shia-dominant power-structure to take hold ) and that the us is not very particular about allying itself with right-wing , or islamist dictatorships .
