  nowadays it 's rather they were more distinct than the northern and southern estonian dialects , which were distinct already . 
  but being `` genetically '' distinct does not mean that languages or dialects could not sound similarly , especially due to much contact between the two . 
  who said they should have an influence in the government ? 
  the question was about their role in the revolution , which is not just a centrally planned happening and could include separate events by very different political groups . 
  yet the main reason for the sale remains the failed uprising , whereby real power over these lands went over to the livonian order anyway . 
  you absolutely overestimate the willingness of the separatists to compromise and the contemporary legitimacy of the russian-orchestrated separatists to start negotiations . 
  richer would not mean considerably richer . 
  the question was n't whether they 'd be richer at all or not , the question was whether an economic miracle was possible during a war . 
  you were the one bringing in `` tanks against the people '' into the conversation , not me ... 
  armed and masked men with russian and unmarked insignia take over public offices and refuse to give them back - ** yes you do send tanks against them ** and richer in terms of money that would have been gone due to corruption , but not richer in terms of real difference . 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwtfg3j1cp8 ) . 
  the teutonic order did n't much control estonia , it was the autonomous livonian order or previously the independent livonian brothers of the sword . 
  and they sure as hell considered estonia to be part of their territory . 
  it is true that some of the landlords were former estonian nobles , but this was slowly diminishing during the era . 
  the newly imposed taxes and obligations were a heavy burden on the estonians , which was the main reason they rose up against the danes and later the germans . 
  plus 80 % of the rural landlords were not danes , but germans , who used the civil war era to impose new obligations on estonians , which did n't suit the local estonian smaller landlords . 
  but it 's a bit far stretched to claim that estonians except for the few nominal smaller landlords had any political rights within the danish kingdom . 
  edit : plus an important checkpoint towards serfdom in estonia was the 1315 decision whereby the danish landlords obtained judicial rights over the estonian peasants . 
  negotiate with whom ? 
  criminals with russian weaponry and insignia , who illegally seized public offices ? 
  do n't be naive . 
  yes , but the livonian order would n't have invaded danish estonia because it would have caused a conflict with the pope . 
  and what promises do you mean ? 
  and i do n't think anyone until the 21st century has ever even considered apologizing to the estonian people . 
  to be fair , the world revolution idea was abandoned relatively early and the rest of its history it was a regular imperialist country in that sense . 
  ok , you are naive if you think a federalized ukraine would have ended the conflict by now . 
  and seriously , ukraine would n't be that much richer even with corruption absolutely gone which is an utopian idea for ukraine anyway . 
  the war costs too much money right now and there is no way ukraine could suddenly get richer with that going on . 
  and as expanding does n't work in the long run , it is internally imploding on itself . 
  i do n't really see a reason for you apologizing for denmark not considering a relatively far colony not a priority during a civil war 700 years ago ... 
  but still , is there reason to think that denmark would have sold northern estonia to the livonian order ( or someone else ) if the st. george 's night uprising would n't have happened ? 
  yeah , ukraine is more like a street democracy , rather than a civilized one . 
  no , it 's quite acceptable . 
  if for example some communists would decide to help my country 's political goals , why would we be against it ? 
  as long as they are not in power ... 
  2 - so do you actually think that with perfect politicians during an exhausting war , there could be economic growth ? 
  but in general , i think we reached a consensus here . 
  it 's rather `` why would we attack you , we are good people . 
  but we are stronkest , we could conquer you ! '', 
  ukraine having massive corruption does not change the fact ukraine is a victim of russian illegal activity . 
  neither of the facts presented here contradict each other , i was not even siding with the ukrainian politicians here . 
  basically , true statements from the conversation between us , none of which contradict each other : - ukraine is a victim of russian oppression ; - the war in donbass makes it extremely difficult for ukraine to develop its economy or offer better social welfare ; - ukraine is still corrupted and sees little development on the road of democratization ; - ukraine 's corruption makes it difficult for the country to develop ; - ukraine blames russia for almost everything . 
  ukraine is the victim , what is wrong with that logic ? 
  of course that does n't apologize its massive corruption , but as i said before , even without the corruption , we could n't wait for an economic miracle because of the war . 
  you do n't seem to understand that i have pointed out ukraine 's problems with corruption several times in this comment board . 
  but i also mentioned that even in the hypothetical situation of zero corruption , it would be naive to wait for an economic miracle with a war going on and you seem to underestimate the cost of even a regional war on the whole country . 
  it seems the only difference in terms of democracy between russia and the ussr is the broader illusion of democracy ... 
  well , as i commented before , there still are crises in estonia , three distinct ones which have lasted for different amounts of time : threat of a russian invasion , ethnic russians and the refugee crisis , the latter of which is not really a crisis per se in estonia yet , but people and officials see it coming nevertheless . 
  every social policy takes money . 
  war may be local , but its economic effects are felt throughout the country . 
  eu countries are also tens of times richer than ukraine and most likely is war more costly than the refugee crisis . 
  that is one major reason and if you looked at my posts here , i am relatively critical about ukraine 's progress over the last few years . 
  but even if all the corruption was gone ( and that 's a huge if ) , you can not wait for an economic miracle in two years when there 's a war going on ... 
  that was because denmark virtually lost control over these lands during the st. george 's night uprising , when the livonian order came to help and conquered the territories back . 
  or , in russia . 
  or close enough for them to kidnap you . 
  war 's expensive , that 's why . 
  what instance about estonia are you talking about ? 
  the economic situation is not really a crisis and neither is the difference of salaries with the [ other ] nordic countries . 
  russian is compulsory in estonian schools though . 
  but there 's a relatively widespread social phenomenon of estonian pupils refusing to actually learn the language - they will study for the tests and and know the basics , but will forget about it as soon as they can . 
  and even those , who do learn the language , usually refuse to speak it in public . 
  historical : - `` 700 years of slavery '' ( less than 700 actually and serfdom , not slavery , but who cares ) . 
  - soviet invasion and occupation . 
  - russian minority . 
  current : - threat of russian invasion . 
  - russian minority . 
  - chance of further mass immigration . 
  also estonia - a finnic country with recent socialist past . 
  perhaps it still is culture that has a strong affect on english skills ? 
  he took the aestii theory further than anyone before - at least give him credit for that , 
  kuressaare is curonian now ? 
  sort of , yet ousting a corrupt ruler is nevertheless a good idea . 
  if anything , it breaks the ties of the corrupted so that they have to stop what they are doing and it could spark new rulers to emerge , who value being in power through democratic means more than grabbing money out of the people 's pockets . 
  plus , there was also the east v. west question . 
  not exactly , but i get what mimunto was implying . 
  russia is virtually a one party state - all the `` opposition parties '' fall within the line of the president 's party and offer little criticism . 
  however in ukraine , there 's a weak majority that rules perhaps not in the best way towards further democratization of their country and even within that majority there are huge differences and lots of criticism . 
  except the government was not overthrown just by neo-fascists , but by the people in general . 
  ukraine was not better five years ago , at least the political system was n't . 
  if you include a foreign-afflicted war into the state of wellbeing , then of course five years ago was better than now , but that is not a logical thing to include . 
  let 's say a wife moves out of the luxury villa of his abusive husband and then the husband beats the shit out of her so she now has to be in a wheelchair . 
  was life better for her before she moved out ? 
  perhaps . 
  but at that moment she did the right choice to leave , just like the ukrainians did the right choice to oust their president . 
  it is not the wive 's fault that the husband paralized her or ukraine 's fault that russia attacked it . 
  we hate russia because it 's aggressive towards its neighbors , including ukraine . 
  that 's reason good enough . 
  and the analogy should n't be with two criminals , rather two guys with bad manners of whom one has attacked the other and bullies other people . 
  while they may develop the ukrainian culture now , it seems they have no will nor capability to develop their democratic system and institutions . 
  those are the reasons . 
  we support ukraine due to it being a victim of another country 's illegal actions , plus we support it to keep it from moving back closer with russia . 
  yet there is no ideological reason to support ukraine anymore as they 've accomplished almost nothing in the process of democratization in their country in almost two years ... 
  it 's not like anyone of us thinks ukraine is any better than russia . 
  we just support it for ... reasons ... 
  no , if we are talking about the right of self determination from international law , then no , ukrainians have little to affect here . 
  whose nationbuilding and development ? 
  but , `` majority areas '' - i.e. 
  areas where there is now a majority of russians , were indeed created by the soviet union ... you just claimed that there were russians living there before the soviet times , which is true , but in crimea , they still were n't indigenous as they only moved there after the russian empire 's annexation . 
  what comfortable narrative ?
