  i 'll make my amends with latvia in the autumn when i stay in riga for a few days , as i do every year  by the way , did you mix * perkele * and * eesti * ? 
  because * perkele * is the finnish word - estonians have * persse * . 
  if that 's the problem , then you have that very same problem in your own country . 
  if you do n't particularly live in germany , you ca n't anyway . 
  you can only vote for candidates in your own constituency . 
  yet california and germany have about the same share of the national/union population . 
  yes , because we can not do that for the european union ... 
  oh that is a good remark though as they 're all worth a mention . 
  i think this has been my most anti-latvian post ever xd, 
  i think its rather my national media ... 
  and i would n't be surprised if the same people misspelled their home town like that , 
  how is this the definition of nordic ? 
  this particular case seems too random . 
  indeed , causing it to capsule in again . 
  then there 'd me another revolution in about three years replacing the current regime , and then another in six ... 
  so true . 
  however , also too random perhaps . 
  i believe it to be montenegro . 
  i know quite a lot about geography and history and therefore all the really small states have always been of interest to me . 
  but considering the relative short recently independent history of montenegro , i think this one has to be the least known . 
  is anyone actually surprised ? 
  it 's not like it 's europe or anything ... 
  indeed , the bigger the language area , the more different dialects usually differ , even to a degree of mutual unintelligibility . 
  a russian claiming that ukrainian is n't a language ( or vice versa ) is like hitting yourself with the same argument ... 
  languages evolve from dialects not only when they become unintelligible , but more when they `` feel '' politically separate and this first happened more than a century ago already ... 
  lol , latvians even [ fail at potato consumption ] ( http://i.imgur.com/75eftqa.jpg ) . 
  just some `` i just have to shove it to them '' remarks from an actually latvian-loving estonian : 1 ) estonia has more forests per area . 
  2 ) estonia has the highest rate of supermodels in the world . 
  8 ) estonian song and dance festivals are older and most probably more known . 
  the singing part of the singing revolution was also more centered in estonia . 
  9 ) those pagan traditions are not endemic to latvia . . 11 ) many languages even in the neighborhood ( especially finnic languages ) are older or at least just as old and even though latvian is archaic ( as it has changed very little ) , it has still changed more than lithuanian , which itself is considered to be one of the most archaic languages in europe . 
  12 ) estonian vikings were even more known seafarers , who often battled with scandinavian vikings and even this 1187 raid on sigtuna was a united estonian-curonian and perhaps karelian raid . 
  i can honestly say that none of these problems are fixed , though some , like demographic challenges or alcoholism , are over hyped . 
  many of the second generation are just waiting for their chance ... 
  or my personal favorite : have you seen the amount of foreigners around the tallinn university of technology ? 
  lol , `` eyetah '' is probably quite close though , 
  meanwhile in estonia : opinion about sports teams ? 
  yes !, 
  let 's build a wall in the middle of the mediterranean and the aegean seas !, 
  and we 're like : `` so little to go to actually catch up with a non-former socialist country ... '', 
  are n't all right-wing populists ? 
  so easily convinced by a conservative dictator . . 
  how so ? 
  estonians actually do n't distinguish between the two . 
  there 's the * vene * , which translates to both rus ' and `` russ '' ( as in russia ) , and then there is * venemaa * , which translates to `` russ land '' , i.e. 
  the whole issue is exactly as absurd as some russians calling ukraine `` not a country '' or ukrainian `` not a language '' ... 
  things have evolved a bit in those 10 centuries . 
  perhaps consider updating your dogmas ? 
  i think the thing is also that lithuania and estonia have more niches , while latvia just sits there in the middle and picks between the niches of either their southern or northern neighbour . 
  lol , you sweet and fair lithuanian :d, 
  though it 's not `` oooooooooo '' of course , it 's '' \u00f6\u00f6 '' [ \u00f8  , but i get what you mean . 
  i sort of agree and disagree with you at the same time . 
  if immigrants in finland have managed to learn finnish , they will manage to learn estonian . 
  however it just boils down to the will to learn the language . 
  we have many first generation immigrants , who have learned the language in a couple of years , especially child immigrants , who seem to possess no problem with it . 
  however , then we have some immigrants , who have just married an estonian and speak only a couple of words , or those perhaps hundred thousand russians , who have lived here their entire lives or are even second or third generation immigrants , and still do n't speak the language . 
  if you are not interested to learn , then you wo n't . 
  and if you are interested , you can do it . 
  simple as that . 
  as the name `` talsinki '' has already quite caught on , i guess both the names `` gulf of finland tunnel '' and `` talsinki tunnel '' would be used synonymously . 
  or as estonians do with the tallinn-tartu highway , the finns could call it the `` tallinn tunnel '' and the estonians could call it the `` helsinki tunnel '' . 
  it 's never too late and i 'm not saying we should n't be against swedish-style immigration policies . 
  it 's just that if there is n't exactly a problem quite yet , many people in the country are just overly worried about it and often for `` wrong '' reasons . 
  like , it 's ok in my mind to be against immigration because of the muslims ' lack of will for integration into european societies and also our prior amount of foreign immigrants ( ~ 30 % already ) , but their reasons are often quite racist , plus many are convinced there is some large scale conspiracy against the `` white race '' or some other crazy reason , while it 's just a bad policy and nothing else . 
  i assure you are mixing up stalin 's general mass imprisonments with those directed against certain ethnic groups . 
  it is not to say that russians suffered less under communism , but you have to take into account that for russians it was your own regime that did it , for us it was an illegal foreign occupation , which left large percentages of our population dead or abroad and even larger percentages of former russian colonizers in our countries , who we still have to deal with . 
  that 's her plan actually ? 
  it seems she herself has been more pro-immigration . 
  that - linn part in tallinn and hence hellinn means `` town '' in estonian . 
  well , they were sent to work there in estonia and latvia , provided apartments etc. 
  and they came from all around the union , while other nations were moved from their indigenous homelands with cattle wagons and dropped off to siberian forests or kazakhstan to live off grass basically ... 
  wonder what 's her plan in her right mind then . 
  note that these refugees were not caused by the current refugee crisis - i.e. 
  relocating the refugees on a regional level . 
  and i highly doubt that estonia will take even so many , as the italians have trouble examining the refugees and estonia has distinctive qualifications that they demand from refugees ( known identities , preferably families etc. ) . 
  plus difficulties of learning a relatively difficult language only spoken by a million people , relatively few social benefits for immigrants in estonia etc. 
  russia was the cause of the oppressive soviet union , it was controlled from russia by mainly russians , the soviet union had a long russification policy , ethnic population transfers never touched russians and russians were brought in to many regions ( crimea , estonia , latvia ) to colonize them . 
  russian was the sole official language of the `` union '' . 
  most of the prison camps were in russia , guarded by russians ... 
  hellinn just does n't sound cool at all :d, 
  russian death camps is also correct . 
  glorious liberators even before we needed liberating ... 
  exactly , but calling them death camps is really not far off . 
  and considering the ussr was controlled by russians , calling them russian death camps is also not far off ... 
  that 's the point ... 
  they 've created a problem before there is a problem . 
  lol , hellinn would be such an idiotic name for the two :d talsinki sounds much better . 
  do n't call them death camps then . 
  i will , and so will many others . 
  it was not jammed effectively . 
  however as much as i understand , not many people cared about these radio shows in particular , because people in northern estonia could watch finnish television anyway . 
  i think the only one apparently confused here are you . 
  i 'll call them death camps if i want to , and so will many others . 
  it 's not about translation , it 's about word use . 
  they do in the former soviet union ... 
  i 'll also go to helsinki with that on . . some purpose . 
  and no more 12 points to russia from estonia and latvia , yay !, 
  the gulags are nevertheless called death camps for a good reason ... 
  and how exactly is this even relevant ? 
  people came into the soviet camps , some were executed after show trials , some worked until they died , few managed to survive and were released .
