   in fact , you helped . 
  we helped when it was already legal . 
   and do you often care about india and pakistan ? 
  i do care , not that i agree with either of them . 
   what about taiwan and other countries in south china sea ? 
  yeah , prc is just as crazy . 
   perhaps you care much about libya or sudan ? 
  i do ? 
   compare to great number of countries estonia is not in any threat , you are a part of the strongest military alliance which ever existed on earth . 
  while true , it does n't mean that there is n't a security threat . 
   perhaps it 's time to stop being scared and start building normal relations with your neighbour ... normal relations with a hostile deceitful dictatorship with a history of invading us , that is still glorifying its past crimes ? 
  man , ** do you yourself understand what you are asking from us ?? 
   how much of your estonian culture are you maintaining to name a few : active choir member and song festival promoter , i mostly listen to estonian language music , student organization member , i know a lot about estonian history etc. 
  that 's far more than far most people in other countries . 
  i do n't particularly glorify money - i earn enough to live a decent life , that 's enough for me . 
   plenty are n't . 
  switzerland , belgium , the uk or spain . 
  and all these indigenous languages are more or less still protected . 
   compared the language rights of both and you see that russia gives more rights than . 
  nominally . 
  ** nominally ** !, 
  how do you not get how good they are at making things look good on paper ?? 
   just go by the constitution and legal of many russian states and you see that the minority languages are used for official purposes . 
  again , the ussr also had the protection of human rights in its constitution . 
  does n't mean they were protected ...  which history and international law should i learn ? 
  please enlight me . 
  the one and only . 
   the one in which estonia was part of russian empire never argued with that . 
   or ussr it was an illegal occupation . 
   and in which russian was the official language ? 
  i believe russian was official for both of them indeed . 
   or the international law of human rights that states that minorities have the right to self-determination all minorities ? 
  even illegal ones ? 
   and their culture or language shall be protected ? 
  that 's already being done in estonia . 
   guess that those laws do not apply to estonia and the russian language has no ties to your country . 
  no official ties indeed , no need for that . 
   you also did n't sign the european charter for regional or minority languages . 
  i have a feeling why was that . 
  yeah , because goons would come in and demand russian as an official language , finally finishing the century old plan of russifying estonia ... 
  ah , it 's us who is making enemies of them . 
  til . 
   start with not calling their government a dictatorship . 
  yeah , perhaps europe would have gotten along with hitler if only we would have refrained from calling him a dictator and therefore making him an enemy of us !, 
  that 's true . 
  it 's easy not to care as long as there are other countries on the way . 
   it was nicer when your country did n't support white army and sent estonian red riflemen terrorists to russia . 
  lol , when was that ? 
   why they hell you complain if your country helped this communist monster come to power . 
  wow ...  at first he killed our national elite . 
  then he killed our peasants and ordinary people . 
  then he devoured delicious untouched eastern europe . 
  that was you , dear russian . 
  that was all you !, 
  and who the heck keeps upvoting you ? 
  have you mobilized r/russia ? 
  triggered !, 
   still makes sense  makes sense to take words out of context especially if i explicitly tell you not to do that before you do that ? 
   a famous greek man . 
  deep argument . 
   you either have it or you dont . 
  i know that not all people can study law at university , but most such people do n't start stupid arguments with people , who have studied it . 
  if you want to divide east by west geographically , both finland and estonia are eastern european . 
  if geopolitically , then finland is western european and estonia eastern european . 
  if you want to divide europe into 4 regions , then both are northern european , end of story . 
  because of the [ commonwealth of nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_nations ) ? 
  til having a recent russian minority makes one eastern european . 
   it 's not an insult to be considered part of eastern europe . 
  it is here ... 
  see my answer [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5hlaxi/public_support_for_equal_marriage_in_europe/db3yms7/ ) . 
  but it 's no wonder they did n't agree in the early 1990s , the soviet influence was still strongly dominating back then . 
  this would be the first time i am hearing about this . 
  in theory latvia shares a lot of the main reasons estonia should be considered nordic ( protestant , formerly under swedish rule ) , yet in other ways they lack some of the criteria ( not finnic nor north germanic , do n't usually claim to be nordic ) . 
  lithuania is a catholic country never really having been under swedish rule , so i ca n't see any reason to consider lithuania a nordic country . 
  however both are undeniably northern european , but it 's a different concept . 
  it sort of switches sides every four years . 
  what superpowers do n't ? 
  there should currently be just one , perhaps two if you 're stretching it , and one of them does recognize it . 
   so , no estonians ever served in the soviet army ? 
  that was involuntary . 
   none of you were working in the [ local ] kgb ? 
  collaborators exist everywhere , plus most of it was involuntary . 
   no civil servants at all ? 
  involuntary . 
   `` their twisted intrepretation '' , my ass . 
  their twisted interpretation goes against international law . 
   and some parts of belarus or ukraine . 
   but that does n't mean you were n't part of the ussr . 
  we were occupied , end of story . 
   so , act like an adult and deal with it . 
  we are ? 
   ravel link please !, 
  and yuryev in an exceptionally ugly name . 
  i 've been thinking about this for two days . 
  i just do n't get the joke . 
  i believe my train of thought would have reached a similar conclusion if someone had hinted towards it at this point . 
   [ 1 ] : note , eesti under rightful danish rule does not automatically include eesti into nordic . 
  in this case , we 'll be taking our flag back !, 
  no , they just shut you up and do n't care anymore . 
  the typical russian way .
