  this is known . 
   it is not a far stretch to see the correlation between that and them being attacked by the west . 
  oh , but it so is !!!, 
   or else it was very very convenient timing for us . 
  do you know what the word `` convenient '' means ??? 
   by getting to russia but what do you mean by `` get to russia '' ?? 
   russia is not just simply this black and white villain it more or less is . 
  it is a hostile imperialist dictatorship that glorifies its criminal history and domination over foreign nations . 
  and that is a fact . 
   and the us being a hero to save us all in the russian context it is exactly that !, 
   these two super powers are very close to each other . 
  insane . 
  and russia is not a super power . 
   cuba has until very recently still been under trade sanctions . 
  for a bloody good reason . 
   that is quite dominant position to be in for the us . 
   nato base in crimea wtf ...  being in a small country between these two big world powers and seeing them in action makes me vary . 
  in a vary situation you should n't pick the wrong side ... 
  estonia . 
  it seems like such a wonderful country with very interesting culture and history that i know very little about . 
  / did my flair betray me ? 
  age is no excuse . 
  nazi and soviet criminals in their old age are being tried all the time for their crimes against humanity . 
  omon units did attack our border posts though . 
  what a deep argument ... 
  well that 's pretty much enough to say it 's not that simple ... 
  first of all it is n't just assad v. the jihadists ... 
   you have master 's in the field where you do not even understand basics that they go through on the first lectures when they teach about international law ? 
  you misunderstand - it was your sentence that portrayed how little you know about these things . 
   you do n't actually have a degree in the field i do indeed . 
  and that 's why i know how ignorantly you are generalizing and simplifying things , especially those related to international law . 
  we do n't hate everything russian , we quite like russian culture and cuisine actually . 
  however we hate your imperialism , your hostile and repressive history and your glorification of your hostile repressive history . 
   as well as us containment that never ended after the ussr . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  as i have loads of downvotes - if you think this sort of sentiment against these countries is necessarily always sarcasm , then [ you are very very wrong ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/57wet8/russia_and_the_west_where_did_it_all_go_wrong/d8x63sg ) . 
  dear dane , you at least should know that there is a difference between scandinavia and the nordic countries ... 
  just a question here , do n't you think that ** you ** are being the xenophobic one here with such statements ? 
   they are just there to fulfill the us geopolitical goal of preventing russian cooperation with west european states such as germany , italy , france etc. 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we are here because we have lived here for thousands of years and we will continue to be here and mind our own business democratically for a long time to come !, 
   some years ago when those states wanted to move fast towards good relations with russia the us could always count on their little baltic and polish partners to prevent , derail and hinder it from happening . 
  because russia is a hostile imperialist dictatorship and german , italian and french good relations at any cost with such a state would be a threat to our sovereignty . 
   that is the real purpose behind these states and their us connection . 
  the only reason we are so close to the us is russia 's historical and continued hostility towards us . 
  same goes for all post-socialist states in europe . 
   the us empire is terrified about real partnership between russia and western european countries yeah , because why should democratic countries cooperate cheaply with a hostile imperialist dictatorship that is threatening other democratic states ? 
   their small bloodhounds lol btw , how long have you been so xenophobic ? 
  what 's your history behind that ? 
  where in russia do you live ? 
   you russophobic well of course we have issues with russia , but that 's sort of logical if you regard your hostile and repressive history with us and your current glorification of such events and most notably your current behavior . 
   baltic nations and again , estonians are not baltic !, 
   if you do n't think us actions in vietnam or iraq are illegal us intervention in vietnam was not illegal , while the iraq war was illegal . 
   but i 'm sure you baltic countries do n't care about us crimes because they are always done against non western people not particularly non-western people - remember panama , grenada etc. 
  these are western nations . 
  their actions have been foremost against undemocratic governments . 
   and we know what you think about those people . 
  do you ? 
   the ideology of your ancestors what ideology is that ? 
   even though russia humiliated your ancestors humiliated ? 
  you seem to take pride in your crimes against humanity !, 
   and their leader hitler are you mixing us up with germans ? 
   something you are still bitter about we are n't bitter about world war ii , we are bitter about the illegal soviet occupation and the fact that russia gets away with crimes against humanity and international law and the fact that it 's still glorifying them . 
   and never about russian culture , art , music why do you think that ? 
  just watched dr zhivago today , watched bbc 's war and peace last week . 
  both were great !, 
   because your whole baltic lies of '' russian barbarians '' well , step out of your comfortable box for a moment , think about your hostile history and consider for a moment why half of europe thinks similar to what you suggested . 
   yes you bowed when ? 
   nothing ever happened do you really know so little history ? 
  what about the guerrilla war , what about protest movements , what about massive fleeing to the west , what about civil disobedience , what about the singing revolution ? 
  how is that bowing ? 
   russia has fought many enemies , look at chechnya and others but almost no one has been so easily controlled like the baltic states have been . 
  wow , you must not know history at all ...  this is because you are all bark . 
  just like your ancestors were brave when they guarded the concentration camps my ancestors guarded concentration camps now ? 
   but could do nothing when faced with a red army soldier . 
  really ? 
  what about the battle of the tannenberg line , where estonians and germans casualties were 17 times lower than soviet casualties ? 
   hitler did n't succeed in that war well , we are conflicted about that . 
  hitler had this theoretical evil plan with these territories and our people , but he never got to fulfill them . 
  the ussr however fulfilled their barbaric acts from the very beginning and russia still seems to glorify them ...  your previous master before soviet occupation estonia was independent ... 
  first of all , estonians are not balts !!, 
  nobody has been torturing on our territory ...  ask the people whom the us has caused pain to which country is worse and you will get another answer . 
  what if i told you not all `` pain '' is illegal ? 
  if we counted how bad a nation is simply by how much it has caused `` pain '' , then bigger countries would simply top the list . 
  however international law does not work like that ...  russia will continue to be a proud , independent great state . 
  not sure what makes it great , but ok ...  something that your own state is not what ? 
  estonia is a great nation , a free and democratic nation with proud people and wonderful culture !, 
   so its entirely normal that you know nothing about russia and its national interests are you insane ? 
  my country lies next to russia and we 've had a long and mostly negative history with them , so do n't come and say we know nothing about their `` national interests '' ...  after all russia actually has a history lol , what ? 
  estonia does n't have a history ? 
  :d  and is n't just a non entity of a rump state i do n't know man . 
  we live here , we vote for a parliament , it appoints a government and all public institutions that govern our land and our people , so i 'm not sure what makes it a non-entity ...  whose only identity is drawn from being located close to a real country . 
  there are for real countries at our borders or across the sea - latvia , russia , finland and sweden . 
  i 'm not sure what this has got to do with our identity . 
   continue to help your master torture how are we doing that again ? 
   the reason why your master find russia impossible to deal with is that washington simply ca n't order russia to do anything . 
  does it want to order russia to do something ? 
  i 'm sure the us and other democratic nations just want russia to behave civilly , which apparently it is not capable of . 
   russians never bow . 
  well , you do have a habit of bowing to your leader , which sort of does n't happen in western democratic countries .
