  on the surface , where economy counts - definitely . 
  in culture , language and identity ? 
  definitely finland . 
  we have common history with latvia , but you need to understand that throughout the 700 years of almost identical history , both estonians and latvians were banned from moving around , i 'd be surprised if more than 10 % of estonians throughout that era ever interacted with a latvian . 
  yes , but the role of religions is relatively weak among european nations , despite how religious they are . 
  are n't the problems in poland also more political than just religious ? 
  you already proved you lost the argument once , why dig a hole deeper for yourself ? 
  or are you really that into buttholes ? 
  i ca n't see what it is for you to win in this lost argument ... 
  although that may be ( and only for the biggest ones , like polish and romanian neighborhoods ) , they are relatively easily fixable and european and also certain non-european immigrant majority communities are not really a threat to the british society . 
  i understand that there are many similarities on the surface , but the culture itself , the mythology , the folklore , the language , the identity , cultural differences due to geographical differences are still prevalent . 
  because be the number of intra-eu immigrants larger than muslim immigrants , the number of dangerous and unintegrable immigrants would still be higher among the non-european old world immigrants . 
   because there has n't really been a need to update the terms . 
  lol , but has there also been no need to update world maps since then ? 
   simply portrays being unnecessary butthurt over being in eastern europe . 
  it 's always nice to see a person losing an argument and resorting to theoretically measuring the size of the butt cavity of his opponent . 
  riots or even radical anti-immigrant policies , you know to the degree of forced mass deportation , mass confinement or even worse . 
  and masses are not only stupid , they react and overreact when they are being provoked and endangered ... 
  exactly , their culture and their skin colour i have no problem with , as long as immigration is n't replacing our own , however islam today in many countries of origin is very radical if compared to our moderate religions . 
  and whatever conservatism we see in them , at least their followers will not force random pedestrians to adapt to their standards or threaten the lives of the people , who criticize their religion or dare draw a picture of some early medieval prophet or some fairy tale character . 
  while that is definitely true , the troubles caused by the muslim community in relation to most other immigrants are political and due to their cultural and social differences , meaning they will remain difficult to integrate for a long time to come . 
  yeah , the first scenario is neo-nazis , but should things go really sour , such things could go mainstream in a moment so fast the government would have no other choice to go along with it . 
  i 'm sorry , but when the soviet union collapsed , the world changed . 
  failure to adapt to it in 25 years only portrays the arrogance and the lack of knowledge of the one who makes such claims . 
  jesus f. christ , you act like the immigrant problems in your country are with intra-eu migrants , not with the large number of muslims . 
  what changes in the society do you want the old society to adapt to ? 
   but so does everyone else why ?? 
  what is there to adapt for them ? 
  they live normally in their countries , they should go on doing that without the need to care what immigrant people have in their custom . 
   thats how life is and always will be . 
  things change . 
  yes , but it 's in our hands to choose the direction of the change . 
  i 'm sorry , i just ca n't see this happening . 
  yeah , meaning their classification is absolutely outdated and rather biased in the modern context . 
  average age is not really the same thing as having a partly hostile immigrant community in your country . 
  intra-eu migration causes relatively few problems as europeans integrate well into each other 's societies . 
  i also see nothing wrong with it and i have basically nothing against european immigration and small scale immigration from further places . 
   for god 's sake , try to get the image out of your head that german cities are invaded by hordes of blacks and muslims . 
  that 's totally not the reality here . 
  i would n't say i have that image in my head . 
  lol . 
  mixes up what ? 
  mixing up would be if the ethnic borders with your neighbors would gradually change , but importing immigrants en masse from culturally distant and often culturally opposing countries , this will only skew up . 
   social compostion always has to adapt to the circumstances . 
  and who says that the society is capable of adapting and do n't you think it 's the immigrants , who should adapt , not the other way around ? 
  and are they the ones causing trouble ? 
  not according to the eu ... 
  i remember discussing this with a lebanese professor of arabic studies from sweden , while in an estonian pub , drinking beer . 
  one of the most interesting conversations i have ever had . 
  he explicitly stressed that he thinks things could boil over long before muslims would become a majority in europe and feared it would be all non-european old world immigrants , who would pay the price . 
   oh , come on talking about your fellow citizens like that is just sad . 
  believe it or not , but eastern europe does n't really think well of their stereotypical `` comfort emigrants '' . 
  and do you honestly think that these kids will grow up unintegrated and possibly dangerous to the british society ? 
  what ? 
  i very well understand that not all of them are of muslim background , but that is still a very large number . 
   why is everyone completely losing their shit when it comes to migration ? 
  because it skews with the social composition of the country . 
  hopefully mainstream parties will get their heads out of their asses before afd reaches 50 % ... 
   this leads to a clash of cultures that , if not acted against , might displace the german culture and turn germany into a human rights shithole . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is very hard to believe . 
  germans are still too big of a majority , who definitely will hold better positions in the country for a long time to come . 
  should there ever be such a strife with immigrants , it 's the immigrants , who will pay the harsh price for it - and that is what we should be realistically worried about a lot more . 
  the actions of the radical and unintegrated immigrants are only `` digging a grave for their entire community '' ( and who knows , the quotation marks may have been unnecessary ) . 
  i remembering arguing with a dutch guy , who claimed that we need mass immigration as well because we all need to pay for what `` white people '' have done to the world . 
  i was like , dude , our ancestors were serfs practically until the 1860s and we already have 30 % immigrants in our country ... 
  tourists are generally not frowned upon and who can , may speak russian with you if you are clearly seen to be a foreign tourist ( otherwise speaking russian may be a no-go ) . 
  just do n't open a political subject , unless you are clearly against putin 's regime and russian imperialistic history . 
  these waterfalls are of course more amazing in spring , they can be quite narrow by late summer when you can easily walk through the rivers on the top . 
  an empty claim by a person lacking knowledge and having a bias against post-socialist countries , thinking it 's still the era of the cold war . 
  if you actually looked at a map you would see that estonia is quite up there , it 's capital being as north as stockholm and oslo , its southernmost point being north of the southernmost point of sweden and almost the entire country is more north than denmark . 
  independent as did n't control the land , yes . 
  but the diplomatic representations abroad remained subjects of international law , which were recognized by most western countries , i.e. 
  there were estonian , latvian and lithuanian flags among the parade of flags in front of government buildings throughout the occupation era . 
   the boundary between latvian and estonian languages and culture are n't that clear , it 's as if you are living in some fairy tale world devoid of reality . . 
  it 's a semi-controversial issue here . 
  some say we should ask for reparations , we all think we deserve them , yet it would be naive to think russia would ever admit its crimes , let alone actually pay reparations ( or return stolen property , for that matter ) ... 
  the occupation of germany was perfectly legal . 
  germany started a war against many countries , these countries fought back . 
  considering the scale of the war and the radicalism of the german regime , it was perfectly legal for an everlasting peace to bring down the regime . 
  it was n't just winner makes the rules ... 
  like seriously , these places would not be nordic to you ? 
  i ca n't believe people are so tied with money ... 
   please do a real research before claiming something like that , because you clearly have no idea on what are you talking about . 
  this !, 
  i have nothing against separating central europe , but to label post-socialist central-eastern european countries as central europe , while leaving the baltic states into eastern europe , which basically corresponds to the former ussr , makes it the stupidest of them all . 
  cia uses cold war era distinctions , as if news did n't reach that country ... 
   sure , but they are not shelling just the terrorists . 
  do you mean to say that they intentionally shell civilian areas where they do n't think are any terrorists ? 
  that 's the entire point - terrorists hiding behind civilians are the ones , who commit the crime , not the ukrainians , who shoot civilians to target the terrorists . 
   i 'd like to draw a parallel when kosovo wanted to separate from serbia the majority of europe and the us was all for it , yet when it 's a russian populated area - it 's terrorism . 
  why this behavior ? 
  because russia was the one to start the violence unlike in kosovo , russia is itself an undemocratic country , russia confessed it used shady tactics of its green men in crimea , russians got there through a crime against humanity ( holodomor ) etc. 
  deep , deep claims ... 
  cia is the stupidest of them all ... 
  but that is given when your economy was destroyed by the ussr ... 
  consider a very scandinavian region , like let 's say gotland and bornholm . 
  imagine if they were under illegal soviet occupation and their economies were now weaker - would you really say that they are not nordic because ... they are poor ? 
  and that is definitely an empty claim by a person lacking knowledge on the entire region . 
  it is still unacceptable . 
  actions like these should qualify for an international support for the opposing force .
