  i have to say , life is pretty cheap here in tartu , 
  i believe it 's [ p\u00f5hja-tallinn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx3a4nugs2o ) ( `` north tallinn '' ) for estonia . 
  [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oydtvepkhg0 ) , [ 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr2n9lby2x4 ) . 
  it really depends . 
  like i do n't have anything against a st. petersburg person speaking russian , but if you are born in estonia or have lived in estonia for decades , there 's really no excuse for you not to speak estonian . 
  oh boy , let me hear it ... 
  well , perhaps , i did n't mean it quite in that way either . 
  because the revolution was started by russians , it was first supported by russians , it used russian language , it tried to russify other regions , it brought in russian language minorities into other countries , the ussr is mostly praised by just russians today ... plus , from our perspective , we were invaded by that nation in the east and that nation is russia ... 
  so why the `` yeah , right ... '' ? 
  wait , you actually think the ussr was a good country or something ? 
  it 's still capitalism :d like muslim fundamentalists are still muslims . 
  because i hear that argument so often and i find it idiotic . 
  i did n't claim you did . 
   eastern european oh please ... 
  i live in northern europe  unquestionably why do you think that ? 
   ussr wasnt real socialism typical bs . 
  considering the horrible crimes of the soviet union , it 's rather irrelevant that it made some developments in science . 
  it 's like someone saying that nazi germany was not all evil , because it built a good road network ... 
   social progress and education was the most important part . 
  also controlling almost half a continent and russifying and murdering their people . 
   there is no such thing like `` right rule '' . 
  sure there is . 
  it 's called independence and democratic rule . 
   equal rights for education , medicine or social pensions for example . 
  and to be deported to siberia in 1st grade ... ( example was my grandfather ), 
  i agree with the industrialization effect . 
  does n't mean their rule was right . . 
  i am certain the russians in the baltics will grant them extra 12 points from each country ... because of such huge minorities , popular voting in eurovision is idiotic . 
  17 year old western socialist detected ? 
  welcome to the baltics , croatia !, 
  and in america , they are lynching negroes !, 
   estonia , which is essentially seen as western in many ways these days . 
  old habits die hard . 
  you may know more about estonia , but this does n't mean all people have read enough about it . 
  that 's why referendums should be used only on very important questions , which actually get enough people voting . 
  or you know , if you 're switzerland ... 
   some will argue it 's because of american and soviet hegemony that there were no wars between democracies and the sample size was not big enough to make conclusions . 
  i agree with that and it 's not an absolute rule , but still such a general tendency exists in our world right now . 
   again you 'd be pissing off some scholars what do the scholars say then ? 
   but you 're from yurop so not many at least :p what , you murican ? 
  for things that they actually caused ( which is a lot ) , not everything . 
   also brought development to some regions ( central asia , for example ) yeah , and hitler built great roads ...  nope , more like please do recognize ussr crimes . 
  how long can you beg ? 
  * eesti * is the country , * eestlane * ( pl . 
  * eestlased * ) are the people  and , you can if you want to , but some estonians ( including me ) will literally turn their backs on you and walk away if you ( a non-russian speaker ) starts with a russian greeting with an estonian . 
   but that does not mean two democracies are automatically allies no , of course not . 
  competition still exists between countries . 
  however the competition does not usually turn dangerous - that 's why nondemocratic countries are the real problem in the world . 
   it least all people in ussr had the same civil rights an equal right to be deported to siberia ? 
  russia did n't go into central europe to bring civilization to them , it went there in order to rule and dominate . 
   without pressure from ussr progress in this area would be much slower . 
  oh come on ... 
  democracies actually do tend to get along , or at least settle their disputes in civilized ways ... 
   ussr did a lot of bad things but it was not evil empire . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
   good things ussr did . 
  like what ? 
  seriously ? 
  i mean , things that would n't have happened if the ussr did n't exist . 
   also others should recognise their mistakes . 
  yeah , [ and you are lynching negroes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) ... 
   it 's necessary to point the blame on ussr , not on the nation of russians in such case . 
  understandable , but if russians equate russia and the soviet union , then they are also to blame . 
   ussr actions towards baltics . 
  not only ... 
  it was a brutal repressive dictatorship all the way . 
   it 's quite clear they will never have the same opinion of soviet union as we do . 
  so , never mind that you bastards do n't recognize your crimes , let 's get along anyway ? 
  who the heck are you , anyway ? 
   and did i say they have done it ? 
  i said that 's what we should aim for . 
  and what do you think i 'm saying then ? 
  riga has plenty of them , there are n't many of them in estonia . 
  ( priv\u00e9t ! ), 
  - so , do you all speak russian ? 
  - how is life in eastern europe ? 
  - the former soviet republic of estonia ... - can you tell me where to buy matryoshka dolls ? 
  but still , foreign guests are not that bad , these are just the bad examples . 
  it 's not like dictatorships are prone to get a long per se ... 
   including russians . 
  if they inflicted it themselves , then it 's a tad bit different thing now , is n't it ? 
   what can we achieve by constant blaming ? 
  finally recognition of these crimes . 
  we will not move on before recognition . 
   we 're neighbours and will stay such , so we should be interested in cooperation . 
  cooperation with a hostile dictatorship ? 
  i think not ...  russia ca n't change its past , but it can change its current behaviour . 
  of course , but we should n't step one step closer until they change their behavior . 
   what do you mean ? 
  when exactly did russia acknowledge that ussr actions were wrong and should have never happened ? 
   our problem with soviet union is not ( should not be ) so much with russians ' actions in the past are you insane ? 
   what matters is that russia acknowledged that ussr actions here were wrong and should have never happened . 
  have you been living on the moon ? 
  seems about right . 
  also , the construction of factories and infrastructure was russia , but the destruction of almost everything was the whole union . 
  according to russian officials or many russian immigrants , definitely . 
  rather soviet involvement in the war , but to a degree the war itself , indeed . 
  technically , a shitty analogy is still an analogy , yes ... 
  yet it started from russia , it was supported mainly by russians , its official language was russian , it followed russification policies , its army from our point of view was mostly consisted of russians , the ussr and stalin and world war ii are mainly praised by russians and its crimes are mainly denied by russians . 
  there is no question here , who to blame .
