   well sometimes a country must do what it must ... 
  which is a crime and the people and regime orchestrating it were barbarians and should be considered as such also today . 
   in the peninsula you act like the peninsula is a monolith . 
  they are the people , who can be considered indigenous for catalonia , not for the entire peninsula . 
  in the sense that when there are a lot more men and when swedish women on a large part do n't want to get married to immigrant men , then there are even fewer immigrant women to choose from . 
  it could lead to the same kind of dissatisfaction one can see in india . 
   its no coincidence the reabsorbed for territories of the russian empire . 
  and much further . 
   i don ; t know too much about the pretext of finland they shelled their own lines from their own territory ( over finnish `` peninsular territory '' ) and claimed that finland was invading stalin 's soviet union . 
   but poland was for sure in preparation for imminent war with hitler . 
  still a gross crime against international law . 
  and if only hitler was the goal , then why did they murder tens or hundreds of thousands of locals ? 
  they also [ call ] ( http://balticworlds.com/a-story-of-a-historical-coincidence/ ) the baltic states `` pribaltika '' . 
   the soviet russian equivalent to the english expression `` the baltic states '' is pribaltika . 
  it is part of the concept of russia . 
  in the russian language , and thus in the russian conceptual world , there are on the one hand the concepts of `` russia '' and `` eurasia '' , in which the concepts of pribaltika , zakavkaz ( trans-caucasus ) , and dalny vostok ( the far east ) are included , and on the other hand `` not russia '' , the rest of the world . 
   if you actually studied this . . 
  in a western institution i might add this wouldn ; t be the case . 
  just read about the congress of europe system that was established and come back to me . 
  otherwise live in your in nightmare russia fantasy . 
  i have a master 's degree in law and a bachelor 's degree in politology with both emphasizing on international law and international relations . 
  now are you actually going to tell me that the soviet union did not use the nazi demise as their own expansionist policy over nations that did n't want to fall victim to russian expansion ? 
   well a good chunk of those countries invaded them in 1941 as part of the axis force ... fine , they did . 
  but not all of them and do n't forget the ussr started this by invading poland and finland in 1939 and estonia , latvia , lithuania and romania in 1940 . 
   but what would you have done as moscow ? 
  not have been cooperating with nazi germany to divide europe between them as an imperialist prick . 
  wonder how popular are migrant-local marriages in sweden . 
   they reestablished a balance of power in both cases . 
  lol , they took what they could to enlarge their own hegemony . 
   if they were a hegemony as bad as napoleon 's france in 1814 they were far worse , they kept tallinn , riga , vilnius , warsaw , prague , bratislava , budapest , bucharest , chisinau and sofia , and half of berlin . 
   over the backs of the rest of europe . 
  yeah , and considering the soviets normal is over the backs of half of europe ... 
   it 's politically correct to criticize european immigrants . 
  lol , but those same leftist newspapers never criticize russian immigrants in the baltic states when the subject comes up ... 
   when they stopped napoleon 's hegemony in europe so just because russia was looking out for itself when it fought against napoleon or hitler , was it a normal country ? 
  regardless that it murdered millions , conquered foreign countries to make their own empire bigger or that they were at times in huge corruption and chaos ? 
  you have a weird understanding of the word `` normal '' . 
  their hegemony was just as bad or even worse than the german or french hegemony . 
  you just have subjective reasons to not see it as bad . 
   wait i forgot you might not agree with that last one since estonia collaborated . 
  lol , collaborated with whom ? 
  the germans ? 
  to a degree , indeed . 
  because soviet occupation -  german occupation -  soviet occupation and soviet repression victims  german repression victims . 
  for us there is no question , the soviets were far worse than the nazis . 
  it 's not because there is anything offensive about livonians , but this term is used for the [ liv people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/livonians ) , who are neither estonians , nor latvians . 
   if you still do n't get it , your mind is a lot more childlike than mine . 
   whiny pussy now think about this for a moment ... 
  because a vague promise that may have or may have not existed  right to self determination ... 
  russia still calls those areas the '' [ near abroad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_abroad ) '' as in they are not fully foreign ( i.e. 
  sovereign ) nations . 
   the su could nave prevented the german re-unification could it ? 
  in reality , after the communist rule had been broken and the wall was demolished and poland and czechoslovalia were anti-soviet ? 
  seems unlikely . 
  does n't sweden see shifts in every aspect lately ? 
  i never said i am objective , but i do n't think i 'm that far off either . 
  name a time in russian history since the rurikids , when this has been a normal nation . 
  so , fine , would you call a polish person german ? 
  just as some guys call these the `` polish concentration camps '' ...  livonia was actually used as the name for the region during the time the teutonic order reigned there . 
  that 's just the cold hard facts . 
  i am not refuting that , but estonians and latvians are distinct people and calling us both livonians only portrays your utter lack of intelligence . 
  and it 's not about being diplomatic , it 's about sounding like a child . 
  that 's exactly what it is and has always been . 
  the end game is to keep russia at bay and not let itself get away with a crime . 
  and russia is just as interested in selling us the gas than we are at buying it . 
  but the rest can be forsaken for the greater good . 
   whiny pussy spotted the 17 year old . 
   about your national identity . 
  it 's like you started arguing if i called you french because napoleon once conquered your land . 
   lol in the event of a massive war , which is of course not a guarantee if america becomes isolationist , trade is being affected one way or another , i 'd rather pick the option that ends with no american casualties thank you very much you know how that 's going to work ? 
  strong us participation in deterrence with armed forces in eastern europe !, 
   plenty of places in the world to travel . 
  how naive can you be ? 
   i can spend last weeks paycheck on high class prostitutes , but should i ? 
  defending democratic countries from undemocratic countries is now comparable to buying prostitutes ? 
   just because you can make a poor investment should not mean you should . 
  it 's not a poor investment if it keeps those countries free to trade with you ...  i 'd rather it hurt our economy than our citizens . 
  what hurts your economy already hurts your citizens . 
   if you really , really wanted it . 
  and many in this region do , but you think we are going to convince the isolationist brits or the siesta and russia-loving mediterraneans to do that ? 
   if you ca n't organize to the point you 're incapable of saving yourselves people may be fine for helping to defend each other , but only when this time arrives . 
  in defense matters however , you need to do that the day before something happens , but it 's difficult to persuade a regular bloke from spain or greece to understand that . 
   why should we join your hypothetical bar fight ? 
  hypothetical bar fight ? 
  your lack of understanding actually hurts . 
  the eu may be a bar scenario , but russia is the motorcycle gang , who comes to the bar , seals all the entrances and beats up people with bats . 
  it 's on a whole other level . 
   no , it is dangerous for you . 
  not me . 
  all hail the super naive understanding of the world !, 
  sanctions hurt russia more than us , that 's why we should continue with them . 
  since when do indigenous people have to be isolated ? 
  yeah , but one should to get an adequate picture of a sociological problem . 
  it 's insulting for me as an estonian to have ethnic russians counted as estonians , especially in such a negative issue with clear ethnic differences . 
  and what is this one example of a frustrated imbecile supposed to show ? 
  what a vague thing to say . 
   trade wo n't stop happening as a result of relinquishing world police status , no , but it will stop happening should the global or at least european security fail . 
   we make more than enough money to get by how do you think you make this money ? 
  by being totally self-sufficient ? 
  a country 's wealth is strongly influenced by trade with other nations .
