  we do n't need to have it every half a year ( you really screwed your intelligence with this claim )  they ( establishment ) go against every scientific field there is . 
  systematically . 
  absolute bullshit . 
   i did not suggest any one way in particular oh boy ... you really believe that with all that house of commons bullshit ? 
   i was right . 
  wow . 
  see on tavaline loogikaviga . 
  amount of referendums is not a criterion for any political system . 
   let 's have a referendum on that . 
  each year and every season . 
  we already did . 
   each year and every season . 
  continuous and everlasting referendums is a logical fallacy . 
   you are playing the oracle again . 
  no , i merely represent the common understanding among the majority of legal and political scientists in the world . 
  perhaps you should n't argue with your maths degree on that issue ? 
   because the same reasoning would apply to both of the houses . 
  why ? 
  why ?? 
   the house of lords ca n't apply because in estonia the representatives are n't formally chosen based on a social class . 
  nevermind , i thought you could actually answer a question , not work around it . 
   because citizenry are the commons . 
  only in british political terms alien to this part of the world . 
   well , yes . 
  one task of the parliament is to aid the house of commons in decisionmaking , not to obfuscate or obstruct it . 
  but the whole point was that the people can make their own legislation . 
  if they create a shitty law against the will of the parliament , then why should the parliament be disbanded ?? 
  yes , in more than one sense . 
   elaborate . 
   you are using demagoguery . 
  all ideas are ideas of the people . 
  even stalin 's and hitler 's ideas were ideas of the people . 
  what matters is which ideas have the backing of the majority of the citizenry . 
  which industrial district are the main factories ? 
  it seems you are using demagoguery . 
  stalin 's and hitler 's ideas were ideas of a minority of people . 
  furthermore , stalin 's ideas were not even elected upon and neither were hitler 's later on . 
  as long as we have a democracy , the parties still represent the ideas of large groups of people and are therefore necessary . 
  or rather , what do you suggest as an alternative ??? 
   those with the most money and most power . 
  nope , got to give evidence , otherwise it 's just a silly conspiracy theory . 
   here you are playing the oracle on behalf of the majority of citizenry . 
  it does not matter if the majority of the citizens support it . 
  it was a morally right decision even though the majority was against that . 
  it is a question of minority rights and equal treatment . 
  plus , that is a clear direction where the western world is heading and how the younger generation thinks . 
  we should n't wait for the old goons to die to bring in normal legislation , we should be actively progressive in our legislation . 
   estonian procurement registry hould have records for those goods and service purchases of what goods and service purchases ? 
  it was a question of about 50,000 immigrants . 
   are you talking from personal experience ? 
  yes , as a jurist , i have seen many of my clients , who are from the lowest levels of life . 
  they are actually regular people , but i would be afraid of our future if the future was directly in their hands . 
   so why does the polling stats show that the will of the citizenry and the will of the establishment within the 28 eu states are statistically significantly different ? 
  first , evidence . 
  secondly , of course a difference will exist . 
  the establishment is relatively static within the 4 years timeframe , while the will of the citizenry is not . 
  furthermore , the citizenry often does n't see the bigger picture , which the establishment needs to take into regard . 
   pretty neat timing , is n't it ? 
  what 's with the timing again ? 
   if the majority of the citizenry decides to vote for one option , then that is the will of the highest power . 
  if you ask people dozens of specific questions about specific issues every day , you are going to get stupid answers . 
  is that how you want the state to be run ? 
  i fear you are lacking understanding about what democracy is . 
  it is not a yelling concert , it is meant to be free choice of the best leaders and representation of all opinion groups , not a direct democracy . 
  i am internally divided whether you are part of the people , who should n't be let to make decisions for us in the first place , or whether you are really so naive to think that all people are capable of decent decisionmaking and that the will of the majority is somehow the best in every issue . 
  except it 's not fear , it 's something a rational person and a rational system should always avoid . 
   on average , only 50 % of representatives change in one election . 
  and not because of lack of effort from the voters . 
  the parties remain in 90 + % of cases . 
  and what exactly is the problem with that ? 
  if people are fine with the candidate they chose the last time , why should n't they vote for that party ? 
  and you fail to understand that people choose different parties , so not the entire % the parties get every following election comes from the same people . 
   the parties are part of the establishment , individual representatives are meaningless . 
  no , some parties are part of the establishment as the coalition government , while others are clearly not part of the establishment . 
   many representatives have actually missed that window . 
  oh please , evidence !!!, 
  you really are a true telegramm conspiracy theorist !, 
  where ? 
  where is the difference ? 
  you continuing to use the word establishment in a clearly negative tone portrays your lack of intelligence . 
   that is not democracy , as you yourself noted : because democracy = / = majority rule democracy encompasses a lot of qualitative ideas , like equal treatment , human rights , rule of law etc. 
  the referendum showed that 20 % of the people are against the treaty and 10 % for the treaty . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   majority voting would have to be used in both houses . 
  yet , why ? 
  ** why ?? 
  ** establishment is an often used concept . 
  yet `` house of establishment '' instead of the riigikogu or the parliament just portrays your apparent subjectivity on the issue . 
   the best strategy is to minimize the amount of legislation . 
  why ? 
  ** why ??? 
  ** and why house of commons ? 
  why do you so boldly use these names ? 
   one would have to dismiss the current house of establishment and call for new elections . 
  if the the `` house of commons '' adopts a shitty law , which creates a legal conflict , then the parliament should be disbanded ? 
  proportionality !, 
  ** proportionality !!, 
  ** ever heard of it ? 
  you sound like a guy , who 's been spending way too much time reading telegramm ... 
   perhaps that should be decided on a referendum .
