   there is a right to territorial integrity that is preferenced above that , as i 've told you fifty times at this stage . 
  how the hell is territorial integrity above the right of self determination ? 
   stop pretending to understand things you clearly do n't . 
  lol , do you ? 
  based on what education ? 
   calling a culture subhuman and calling for that country 's breakup and partition according to your narrow-minded view of historic justice has little to do aversion towards any particular regime . 
  think critically , please . 
  as i 've explained to you now countless times , i called these people subhuman , who want to destroy my country . 
  i would also call nazis subhuman or islamic terrorists ...  exaggerating to get a point across how typical . 
   chechnya and the north caucasus as a whole are much , much less russian than they were . 
  in tatarstan the tatar language is doing much better than it was in the 90s . 
  russia has 35 official regional languages . 
  and how about those 35 regional languages ? 
  do you have any idea how dire their situation is and how much just on paper their official status is ? 
   and every country everywhere has an assimilationist aspect to it , that 's unfortunate but it 's a fact of life . 
  yet it should be illegal against an indigenous population . 
   pretty much every bit of russia outside of the north caucasus has russian majority or plurality . 
  russia has somewhere in the region of 150 minorities and you would give them all their nation states . 
  all ? 
  all ? 
  and of course i would give many of them , why would n't i ? 
  all nations have the right to govern their own business . 
   stop with the self-righteous moralizing please . 
  then stop protecting russian imperialism and russification !, 
   focus darling , we were talking about chechnya . 
   russia retook what international law admits is their territory guess again ...  you got ripped off considering you do n't understand the basic concept of territorial integrity . 
  and you think territorial integrity definitely goes above other rights ...  what was chechnya if not an internationally recognized part of russia . 
  c'mon , make that degree work for you . 
  of course , but chechens are indigenous people of this territory , unlike russians in crimea . 
   i agree . 
  it 's horrible when someone does n't see that chechnya , adjara , serb krajina , republika srpska etc. 
  are all qualitatively the same kind of conflict . 
  maddening , right ? 
  to a degree indeed , but in serbia you need to take into account that the serbs were actively organizing a genocide against its minority populations ... and who said i support georgia in adjara ? 
   keep calling everything that does n't demonize russia quite enough propaganda . 
  again , a victim of russian propaganda . 
  it 's saddening how easily western europeans fall for that . 
  and masses . 
  masses and idiocy and those two together . 
   the part where you hand over exclusive political power to a minority group and everything from then is peachy perfect without any sort of friction whatsoever ? 
  we 've been through this about 10 times at this stage . 
  but the foreigners do n't have the right to take over another nation !, 
   again , applying real life examples and laying out the consequences of marginalization and minority rule / = / making shit up or generalizing applying some real life examples on every case = making things up . 
   by every possible definition they 're natives pal . 
  lol . 
  you may think that all minorities integrate or assimilate , but it 's simply not the case . 
  they can remain immigrants for centuries . 
   they were born there , and have lived there as a group for hundreds of years . 
  and some groups integrate and some do n't . 
  if they integrate , then they do n't support seceding to their country of origin anymore . 
   people have rights , pal . 
  and those rights are n't based on ethnicity , this is n't the 30s . 
  and they still do , but so do ethnic groups . 
   you would be the one changing the status quo to their detriment . 
  so first they come and change the status quo , and when the locals want their own state , then blame them for changing the status quo ? 
  that 's absurd ...  which are all fairly irrelevant because you 've already gone and disenfranchised them on a basic level disenfranchised foreigners ? 
  do we also disenfranchise the syrians and the australians from our decision making ? 
  how barbaric ...  further disenfranchisement would not be out of the question once you adopt a mentality of determining rights by ethnicity . 
  ethnic group can not have its right of self determination when another group forces its will on the indigenous population !, 
   it 's pretty accurate in my view . 
  there are far worse things in the world , but we do n't find people to argue about them because we see them equally horrible already . 
  there 's no point in arguing about the horrors of the holocaust , unless you flat out deny it . 
   you 're so passionate about this stuff even when its demonstrably impractical , impossible or counterproductive to implement . 
  counterproductive to who ? 
  you sound like pro-soviet people , who claimed that estonians were traitors and asked , why we could n't keep together with them anymore ...  you ca n't seem to deal with the simple facts that demographics have changed throughout history , that people assimilate , and you ca n't deal with the fact that some foreigners do n't assimilate . 
  i have no problem with assimilated people of foreign background . 
   that people move , identities change but identities do n't change in this case . 
  what are you even on about ? 
   nationalities are constructed yet in our case we felt alienated by the soviet nationality . 
   that identity is actually a complicated subject and not a black-and-white thing . 
  you do n't say ...  i also find the accusation of strawmanning hilarious given that you 've accused me of saying you want ethnic cleansing about three times now and keep misrepresenting my view that minority rule ( that you ca n't enforce to begin with ) is untenable as ` any and all secessionism is plainly wrong ' . 
  oh boy ...  currently i 'm merely surprised by the lack of it . 
  if you really have such a knowledge of world history as you suppose i 'm just astoundingly disappointed that such knowledge apparently has n't translated in much in the way of critical thinking , insight , and understanding . 
  i honestly do n't know which facts about history have i been wrong here . 
  could you point them out or just admit a strawman ? 
   the same is true in russia in large part . 
  no , for russia it 's mostly just russian imperialism and russification ...  but once again your interpretation there is different not because the situation is so different but because it has to do with those russians you loathe so much that you 'll always argue against them on any given topic . 
  again , the old world is not just russia ... nice strawman again !, 
   the soviet union was a federation that consisted of 15 ssrs , all of them officially had the right to secede though they did n't practically have that right until the early 90s . 
  the majority population that i 'm referring to here is the local one btw . 
  lol , it was a totalitarian dictatorship , which also had the protection of human rights in its constitution . 
  it was a facade , nothing else . 
  plus , it was the dominant nation , which alone decided , what is and what is not a federal unit of the state . 
  and in 1918 estonia did n't have the right to secede according to any constitution . 
  do you think we should have remained part of russia then ??? 
   the majority population that i 'm referring to here is the local one btw . 
  so , the chechens could leave ? 
   you 're not grasping what i 'm saying . 
  the soviet union would have fallen apart anyway and per the soviet constitution they were considered as voluntary member states * de facto * this was a joke . 
  and whatever russians settled in modern-day ukraine assimilated fairly quickly wow ...  misread me and be reductive however you want , that 's your purview . 
  it makes the whole thing rather pointless though . 
  and you do n't do that ? 
   whether in the long term people who saved up money abroad might come back to use that money to set up shop back home . 
  that is indeed a key question here and for example estonia compared to latvia and lithuania have seen very different results , due to estonians going mostly to finland and sweden and returning often , while latvians and lithuanians stay in the uk and ireland and germany for longer time periods at a time . 
  he needs a swift win in foreign policy to get people 's eyes away from problems within russia . . 
  just thought i 'd find some information by nationality : nationality | residents in the uk ( 2015 ) --------- | ---------- poland | 703,050 lithuania | 116,861 romania | 89,402 slovakia | 67,781 latvia | 66,046 hungary | 66,046 bulgaria | 51,875 russia | 42,491 czech republic | 41,605 ukraine | 23,414 albania | 14,688 estonia | 9,361 croatia | 9,029 serbia | 9,008 bosnia and herzegovina | 8,469 belarus | 4,734 moldova | 3,417 macedonia | 3,170 slovenia | 2,298 montenegro | 1,124, 
  plus , it 's often preferred as the men do n't have to go through conscription , which both estonian and russian citizens have to . 
  oh do n't worry , there was equality . 
  the men were taken eight years before . 
  ah , i took part of it , sort of ...
