  did n't mean to offend . 
  are you sure ? 
  estonia had the biggest growth after the recession for adoption year 2011 . 
  hope you 're not one of those , who actually believes they have a chance of continuing with this for a longer time period ... 
   not much going on [ in ] tallinn did n't notice much either . 
  never heard of the global recession ? 
  quite often they demand conservative rules for the whole society or within their own community . 
  edit : and i never said all muslims . 
  yet do they want to deny anyone some rights , like muslims do ? 
  i think it 's more about having [ often true ] stereotypes about the community itself , not about single persons . 
  seriously ? 
  that must be a very american thing then . 
  seriously ? 
  that must be a very american thing then . 
  no summer cottages in estonia ? 
  who knows , depends on what conditions they set on joining austria ... 
  seriously now , what war crimes ? 
  there was no liberation in the baltic states after the wars of independence until the collapse of the soviet union . 
   you had people in ss division so did every country under nazi occupation ... 
   south tyroleans will lose more than they 'll ever gain by joining austria why is that ? 
  same . 
  for lithuania , 4/10 . 
  the kings are pretty well known and i remember basanavi\u010dius from a baltic states history course . 
  not really endemic to finland . 
  the people there are indigenous to that area . 
  we should n't have our borders organized by who won a war a hundred years ago , but by ethnic lines [ if the people on the ground want that ] . 
  nationality = / = ethnicity . 
   * having received citinzenship of course . 
  yes . 
  that 's what estonia did actually . 
  they granted automatic citizenship to everyone , who or whose ancestor was a citizen in 1940 , regardless of their ethnicity . 
  of course nowadays , those russians are relatively mixed with the new immigrants ( except for smaller old believer communities ) , but they still got the citizenship . 
   if applying it at birth is against his rights to choose . 
  that is a good question . 
  however as minors have few obligations anyway , it should n't matter much . 
   but see , you 're not arguing citizenship bringing citizenship . 
  actually , i am ... 
  do n't need to be scientific . 
  if you are a native estonian speaker , then you are an estonian . 
  if some of your ancestors were estonians , you may claim that as well . 
  how naive can you be ? 
  do you really think all ethnic groups think alike ? 
  so in your bright mind it would be ok for russia to import a million russians into estonia , seize the government `` democratically '' and bring the nation back under a russian dictatorship ? 
   does a group of people deserve their own lebensraum because they decided to unite based on a non-scientific concept of `` ethnicity '' ? 
  yes . 
   who will decide how much lebensraum an ethnic group needs not about need , but about indigenous land , where your ancestors have lived for centuries . 
   other groups that already occupy the space ? 
  if they are indigenous to that territory , then it should be their land in the first place . 
  if they came recently as russians into estonia , then they do n't have an automatic right for self determination . 
  if they have a social contract with the state ( citizenship ) , then they have the right to remain there . 
   slippery slope that can lead into dark territory ... not having a right of determination is leading to the demise of very many ethnic groups . 
  is this where you want the world heading ? 
  for me , this is the dark territory . 
   that 's why some states , like france , have banned such ethnic division . 
  yeah , a nation that almost killed its regional groups ...  so russian immigrants in estonia were actually sent by the russian government ? 
  they occupied the country and created mass industries in estonia and encouraged russians to come to estonia . 
  it happened mostly in the 1970s and 1980s . 
   intredasting ... 
  this is some trump-tier theory that requires serious proof . 
  just because you do n't seem to possess any knowledge on estonian history does not make this a trump-tier theory . 
  it just makes you look rather dumb . 
   you 're arguing for another form of aristocracy overstatement on such a level i do n't need a jet to go into space from there ... 
  many countries offer citizenship by your parents ' citizenship . 
  it 's a normal thing to do . 
  citizenship is a societal contract with the person and foreigners need to prove they are part of it . 
  ca n't see any fire ... 
   crimea was settled by slavs during russian empire , not during soviet occupation . 
  i was aware of that , a bit oversimplified statement as i meant `` russian times '' and that the indigenous people were deported in the soviet times . 
  yet they have tried the same tactic in estonia and latvia , who only had a small russian minority before world war ii and have 30 % -40 % russians now ... 
  and all this migration while we sat calmly on our `` almost peninsula '' ... 
  you not understanding international law does n't mean it does n't exist ... 
  if most countries abide by international law , then it sure as hell exists . 
  so it 's a controlled anarchy of sort . 
   but people do n't `` tie '' to land . 
  it 's not like people are like vampires , needing to sleep on home soil otherwise they loose power . 
  they do tie to the land . 
  if the people speaking your [ ancestral ] language have lived here for thousands of years , then the ones living here for two generations really do n't have a say on the main issues of the state ...  we need identities that matter today , to us . 
  and these are ethnic or national identities ... 
  why ? 
  borders change all the time ( in relative terms ) , human migration happens rarely . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  care to elaborate a bit ? 
  thing is , there is a thing called international law , which in the modern sense has existed since the end of the 19th century . 
  before that , conquering a region was n't much of a crime , while it may as well be now , especially if it 's done just to widen your borders . 
   the basque might be the last ones able to claim any sort of first right . 
  i do n't know many , estonians and finns have been quite long as well  however it 's not like indigenous means the first either , just a long term tie with the land . 
  and of course long term is an undefined term , but even five centuries are not seen as indigenous by most standards ... 
   if this was a politician from italian tyrol , it 's about self-determination . 
  but this is an austrian politician , and then it becomes territorial recuperation . 
  well , yes , i was n't particularly arguing against this , just against the said lack of right to self determination . 
  opinions of the austrians living in austria do n't matter much anyway in this particular question . 
  one can become an estonian national by integrating into the society and applying for citizenship , but one can not change his ethnicity . 
  these are two different things . 
  i am not superior to any russian , but just like people have rights to property ( which excludes other people 's right to that object ) , ethnic groups have a right to self determination , which excludes the right of other ethnic groups to decide for that territory . 
  now , of course ethnic lines are never `` perfect '' and all people living in the state for their lifetimes should be allowed to vote , however if another nation brings in their people for the sole purpose to forever remain a fifth column that the bigger nation can always use politically and come `` liberate '' whenever it wants to , then no , these people are not indigenous and have not that special right . 
  this again does not mean that they ca n't become nationals of that state . 
   they do n't really support communism either ... oh please ... 
  they do n't have to be communists to be homo sovieticuses , praise putin and support russian imperialism . 
  sort of . 
  however south tyrol is still full of germans ... their `` getting back '' to austria is not a small chance .
