  which is why you are a naive person . 
  true . 
  i sometimes wonder how different the world might have been without hitler and the whole nazi era . 
  not because it would be heaven on earth , but because the ussr would still be a mad dictatorship , but the world might have had a more idealistic opposition to it as was for the nazis . 
   if you think that your country has inadequate funding you should vote to increase it . 
  why do you think i think that ? 
   but , just like people from estonia are n't interested in portuguese problems but here 's the kicker . 
  defense is n't a think you can entirely take care of yourself . 
  outside threats is n't our own doing , nor is there a realistic way to fix these issues by ourselves , unlike any kind of economical issues . 
  you arguments are as random as your user name . 
  it is very clear that you know very little of international relations . 
  what is `` enough '' in your mind ? 
  how do you organize defense with inadequate funding ? 
   but when was the last time russia crossed the rhine ? 
  russia is not a threat to portugal , neither will be . 
  and this is the sickening world view . 
  as long as they are not a threat to us , only to our friends , it 's not our problem . 
  people like you are exactly what is wrong with the world ! ~  i 'm saying that we do n't have the same worries . 
  we are in different boats . 
  well , duh ... 
  savage . 
  but then again he probably said the same about the americans . 
   it is n't our job . 
  yeah , and here 's where our opinions differ . 
  you are living in a place where a dictatorship ca n't so easily come in and end your democracy . 
  other places are n't so lucky . 
   i mean russia is technically a democracy . 
  please , stfu ...  and has i stated , we would have to join in protecting the ee because of nato and eu . 
  yes , but defense is ineffective when you start thinking about it after you 've been invaded ... why not avoid a foreign invasion by creating an effective deterrence ? 
  sadly confirming an attack is n't always that easy . 
   russia is a threat to some countries , but not to portugal . 
  which is exactly what russia wants . 
  divide europe so that only some will see russia as a problem . 
  you are fulfilling their goals very well   countries i have no beef with which is a sickening apologetic approach towards a hostile country . 
   im not gon na expect portugal to fight in the china sea because china is expanding its water rights in it . 
  there are n't many democratic countries there , this is about highly disputed islands , and you are not in a political , nor defensive union with any of these countries . 
  plus war there would only have minor effects on your economy , while a war in the eu , let alone in the eurozone , would affect you a lot . 
  oh the naivety , but primarily : 1 ) because ukraine is not in nato ; 2 ) officially there is no war going on there . 
  except deterrence works the way that nobody would be attacked because the price would be too high . 
  if the baltics are underdefended , then they might still get invaded and nato would actually have to lose sons and fathers to conquer them back . 
  be real now . 
  you fail to comprehend what a union means . 
  but then you lack the understanding about how defense works . 
  you can not start thinking about defense only after you 've been attacked ... 
   as it does n't really have a quarrel with russia . 
  ah , divide and conquer !, 
  russia has done that well !, 
  that 's the problem with naive people of course . 
  almost like with any other genetic map . 
  hahahahaha :d, 
  wait , so my sprats do n't count ? 
  yeah except we fall more on the `` somewhere more '' end of the spectrum . 
  a while ago the alcohol consumption statistics started to exclude foreigners ( read : finns ) buying alcohol in our shops , so we were n't number one anymore . 
  now , years later , i find it surprising that these statistics again do n't take context into account and list us as number one . 
  estonia is a functioning democracy , a fully integrated eu member state . 
  ukraine not so much . 
   good luck convincing people to increase their military budget , exclusively to defend estonia , with that attitude . 
  i 'm not trying to convince anyone , i 'm saying that you are a naive person , nothing more . 
  mm , minced meat . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/sure-glad-the-hole-isnt-at-our-end-sinking-boat.jpg ) . 
  who said that i am afraid ? 
  i am realistic . 
  and there is a good reason naive people like you do n't run the government . 
   by implying that russia will attack you where did i say that ? 
  i am not an oracle . 
   also russia knows better than attacking a nato member but you are ...  there is nothing for them to gain if they conquer your country what a classic bullshit argument ... 
  it 's like you people do n't know russia at all ... 
  luckily ignorant people like you do n't make these decisions . 
   nobody `` knows international law '' , or any other highly specialised subject for that matter . 
  what ? 
   based on this conversation , you are not well-versed in law why do you think so ? 
  i just do n't bother writing an essay to you . 
   and you are clueless about the legalities surrounding the baltics-ussr relationship . 
  lol . 
  it must be nice writing this from moscow . 
  how much are they paying you ? 
   portugal , through nato , already had and has several operations in the baltics . 
  and this is great !, 
   i do n't like russia either but i do n't see them as a threat as you do . 
  which is sickening . 
  why are you so naive ? 
   but not in a military union , we are in a defense union . 
  yes , but you know that 's what i meant . 
   which means that if you are attacked , you will be helped and here is your naivety . 
  decent studies have shown that russia could invade the baltic states before nato could intervene . 
  after they 're conquered , it would be very difficult to conquer them back . 
  then there would be plenty of people trying to stop this war and leaving the baltic states to russia , either out of fear for nuclear or conventional war . 
  that is why more forces in the baltic states is necessary . 
  russia outnumbers forces in this region ** by far ** . 
   spend more in the army than the necessary for defense . 
  yeah , and more is necessary . 
  jesus , how am i warmongering ? 
   they were moving within ussr , so that 's internal migration , not immigration . 
  no , they were moving into a territory illegally occupied by the ussr and that was illegal according to international law . 
   you do n't know the alphabet . 
  at least i know international law . 
   which is precisely what i have done . 
  how have you built your case again ? 
  because that was a rather stereotypical argument . 
  i understand that you are comfortably living in the farthest edge of the continent , far away from russia , but we are living next to this hostile empire .
