  we are not required to be the only ones , who admit refugees . 
  and more work should be done in distinguishing random african immigrants from refugees . 
  furthermore , if the immigrant population becomes a threat for the admitting countries ( either through terrorism or general anti-european or anti-democratic stance ) , then i 'm sorry - these populations lose their rights to be accepted . 
  i never saw even the poorest european nations as real problems , but muslim immigrants sure are a problem with their hostile , domineering and unintelligent views . . 
  well they come along with it . 
  the populations are changing towards pro-european everywhere in the non-eu eastern european countries except for belarus and russia . 
  with pro-european rhetoric also come similar values . 
  right now only serbia and belarus and russia are undeniably on the wrong side of the coin . 
  using `` european '' as a synonym for `` gay '' is quite hysterical i think :d, 
  not what i meant . 
  people carry culture . 
  people of different culture quite often also look differently . 
   there are different humans on this planet . 
  not all of them are white . 
  there is nothing right or wrong about it , that 's just how things are . 
  nice strawman , i never stated anything opposite . 
   you are saying that people who look different should not be allowed into this geographic location because `` the national song festival would not have a uniformly white audience '' . 
  no , i am saying that they have more right to live here because they are indigenous people of this land . 
  having a common generalized genotype is just what comes along with every nation . 
  a few people will not change the way how an ethnic group looks like altogether , but accepting dozens of percentages of immigrants will . 
  i simply do n't see what 's particularly racist about it , i 'm fine with other countries doing the same . 
  more than they should ? 
  as far as i 've understood , during the latest years , the history textbooks are back to the old soviet lies ... 
  what am i rewriting here ? 
   the united states gave to the soviet union from october 1 , 1941 to may 31 , 1945 the following : 427,284 trucks , 13,303 combat vehicles [ mostly tanks ] , 35,170 motorcycles , 2,328 ordnance service vehicles , 2,670,371 tons of petroleum products ( gasoline and oil ) , 4,478,116 tons of foodstuffs ( canned meats , sugar , flour , salt , etc. 
  ) , 1,900 steam locomotives , 66 diesel locomotives , 9,920 flat cars , 1,000 dump cars , 120 tank cars , and 35 heavy machinery cars . 
  one item typical of many was a tire plant that was lifted bodily from the ford company 's river rouge plant and transferred to the ussr . 
  the 1947 money value of the supplies and services amounted to about eleven billion dollars . 
  how is that rewriting of history ? 
  yet comes along with it ... 
  yes . 
  as said , i do n't mind normal [ non-mass ] - immigration from inside the union , rather i welcome it . 
  however that does n't mean i 'd much welcome uneducated first generation immigrants to let 's say germany coming to estonia as `` immigration within the union '' . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  except culture is a good thing and one gender rule is not . 
  that 's why this analogy does n't work . 
  i think we should worry about both , however indeed - losing genetic homogeneity = / = losing our culture . 
   ps : i do n't live in germany anymore , too many foreigners . 
  oh gosh , why are you doing this to me :d, 
  i sort of agree , but it 's like this two-speed europe , there could very well be an option for these countries that they could use as long as their mentality has n't much changed . 
  and change is possible , albania is even doing better than macedonia with their reforms . 
  when the wall fell , i suppose you mean when the ussr collapsed . 
  i was born in 1990 , so i was one of those `` children of the singing revolution '' , which is a relatively nationalistic and proud generation due to their sheer size ( the biggest generation of estonians ever were born in 1987-1990 ) . 
  my mother was already pregnant during the baltic chain , so you could say that i took part of it  but i grew up in lasnam\u00e4e in tallinn , so i have plenty of nice and shiny memories of this wonderful place ... 
  plus , there are like around 5 good songs at every contest , which reach places from 5th to last . 
  i do n't know any europeans , who like europop , 
  it ended with estonian victory in 2001 . 
  it was one of our worst songs ever , not in our native language , and literally nobody in estonia thought we would win . 
  yet it had a black guy and a white guy singing and a very active dance quartet in the background . 
   never heard that our history education worse than in europe . 
  do they not teach you that you were the innocent liberators in world war ii ? 
  i am well aware of that , but do you actually deny that your average turk is not genetically different than your average estonian ? 
   relative genetic homogeneity jesus fucking christ , how is that so offensive to everybody ? 
  that does n't mean anyone would go door to door checking on how brown someone is , that means that we should n't import a vast number of foreigners so that our nation would still more or less look the same and that 's that . 
  i simply do n't get how that is racist . 
  the nation that we do n't want here in numbers absolutely should do the same in their country . 
  and that would n't stop single educated people from moving to another country , people marrying foreigners , people traveling or studying in foreign countries . 
  just , do n't take your whole community and move to a foreign country and we 'll be fine !, 
  and i absolutely support the free movement of people within the union , but not forced upon immigration from outside the union . 
  that 's literally not what we signed up for !, 
  and you are still forgetting about the technical support ... 
  the caucasus is a question on its own , but ukraine is definitely europe . 
  it 's not just about defining what is and what is not europe , it 's more about supporting democratic states in our region and nearby . 
  well , but russians should generally know in school that the baltic states were part of the soviet union and many know that the ussr liberated these countries . 
  yet if they knew any truth then they 'd know that this was no liberation at all and only an illegal occupation and annexation . 
  and most people hating on america just are far too unintelligent . 
  like people in the middle east hating on america , yet not understanding why they bomb the shit out of some totalitarian dictator . 
  international law is not something they have a vast knowledge of in these states ... 
  how so ? 
  the estophile movement was before the estonian national awakening ... 
  although i agree , their role should not be underestimated . 
  however faehlmann was an ethnic estonian . 
   people just do n't think that trying to keep a country genetically homogenous is compatible with not being racist . 
  but why ? 
  i mean , perhaps germany might not have to worry about it that much , nut a nation of 1.3 million , of whom already 25 % are relatively hostile ethnic russians ... we sure need to think about it if we want to preserve our culture that our ancestors have cared for thousands of years . 
  abandon a country that is doing its best to reach europe ... what a great mind you have . 
  wonder if you 'd say the same if a gunman took your neighbor hostage . 
  would you say then as well that it is too dangerous to rescue him , better just abandon him ! ~ however turkey is quite crazy nowadays indeed . 
  i think you misunderstood what i meant . 
  it was 40 % of people , who 'd be genetically different than your average estonian . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  i was n't referring that estonia will definitely have such numbers of non-russian immigrants , but was answering to the previous danish guy , who said that we 'd have a 260k bigger population , which should mean that we grow by 15 % due to immigration , adding to our already 25 % russian population ... now about the demographics . 
  the population dropping like a rock is relatively normal effect of post-soviet economics . 
  you really have no clue how shitty the economic situation was in the 1990s . 
  and the people are educated , many moved to finland and sweden to work there . 
  however estonia has plus side with emigration - sweden and finland are close and people are able to retain their lives in estonia and many have already returned so few are forever gone . 
  and the birth rate of ethnic estonians is higher than that of many other former socialist states . 
  furthermore , many people leaving in the very early 1990s were ethnic russians , who went back to russia as all occupiers should do . 
  nowadays the emigration and birth rates among russians are far lower than that of estonians , so their population is diminishing even faster . 
  and they hardly ever return . 
  so sure we have a problem with demographics , but it 's not so horrible as some people make it look like . 
  i absolutely support being open to immigration , yet not open to mass immigration from one or two distinct places , so that they could form their own territorial communities in my country and would n't integrate . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that sentiment . 
  and i agree that eastern europeans would not bring down the eu with their immigration , yet you have to consider the sheer amount of immigrants coming out of africa and the middle east lately . 
  and these are way more problematic people than eastern europeans with similar culture to western europeans as they have a violent religion and often lack decent education . 
  this said , i have no support for countries like hungary or now poland limiting their democratic rights . 
  this has nothing to do with immigration problems anyway . 
  it was an overstatement , but factually correct . 
  i took it in offense that you said he has no clue about history , which does n't have to be true . 
   though , it was the thing that i 've seen after staying in estonia for some months .
