  every post-socialist country is below average ... 
  thing is that a lot of that wealth is centered around tallinn and some of the poorer countryside is definitely poorer than the poorest regions of spain . 
   an estonian told me the otehr day that russia was right to spy on the us and we had it coming an estonian or a yestonian ? 
  [ referring to how russians pronounce the letter e ], 
  i think that 's the opposite of the original latvian plan - declare war on sweden , then surrender on instant and let yourself be occupied by sweden . 
   because you were part of the ussr and you share the landmass with europe . 
  finland is not land tied to ee thus is not part of it . 
  so why is denmark in northern europe ? 
  you do know that there is name for that landmass in the north that is not connected to the rest of the eu , right ? 
  it 's called fennoscandial  also , the russian minority how does a new minority ( which came here illegally ) effect a centuries old division in europe ? 
   and the culture exactly why we are not in eastern europe . 
   i 've never ever seen estonia called nordic on any website . 
  i did n't call estonia nordic yet , get your concepts together - northern europe = / = nordic countries . 
  but there are [ plenty of reasons ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) to call estonia a nordic country as well . 
   i 've never seen it grouped into anything else than ee . 
  well that is just too random , most sources luckily put us in northern europe - at least sources , which are not stuck up with their cold war era stigmas and actually know a thing or two about those countries . 
   ps : macedonia and albania are south-eastern europe . 
  not eastern europe . 
  well , we are fine with north-eastern europe , just not with the general eastern europe because we have little in common with anyone south of latvia . 
  til . 
  but why though ? 
  are we really in the same group where albania or macedonia are located ? 
  what 's the reason for such absurd groupings ? 
  estonia is one of the northernmost countries in the world and estonia and the baltic states are usually grouped into northern europe . 
  is there a map of all of these ? 
  the fuck ? 
   i always see the ee guys here saying how only them and america cares about nato . 
  do you mean that i answered to this ? 
  eastern european depends on the context - economical context and even military in the current topic , then eastern europe is fine to include estonia . 
  but in general terms - never !, 
  and how is it greek clay right now ? 
  oh that indeed . 
   and leave the eastern european one we have an eastern european status ? 
  i beg to include ourselves . 
  what if i told you that the countries , which are in direct threat from russia , are even collectively too weak to defend themselves against russia alone ... 
  although i claim this is their misdoing , it 's still understandable as they have less money left over from other necessities . 
  wait , which ones ? 
   the point was that believing what media says because it 's democracy is beyond naive i rather believe what the media says because western media has n't been known to intentionally lie that much - and if they do , they get criticized by other media . 
  that is a huge qualitative difference with a country like russia . 
  you can wear your tin foil hat if you want to , but there is no reason to think that western media is n't free . 
   details about possible links so that 's it so far ? 
   but does not eliminate the problem . 
  problem of people being dicks some times ? 
  well , yeah . 
  but a democratic system actively seeks out corrupted people and takes them down , punishes them and therefore lowers corruption . 
   yes it does , but spotting it can be difficult . 
  because just like you and me , or some people even more , everybody has a different opinion on what the truth is . 
  all of them report the truth in their minds , yet some use little evidence to reach their conclusion . 
  but mainstream media together criticizes each other , supports most logical thought processes and therefore truth more or less prevails . 
   what if all four of them is credible yet all of them contradict each other ? 
  then they will most likely not leave it there and continue with analyzing each other 's thought processes and criticize and support each other 's claims . 
   it does indeed add to the confusion since people read different sources and see that the content just does n't match with the content people previously read . 
  then take both up as possibilities until one view prevails in mainstream media . 
   since you do n't take me seriously anyway . 
  because you do n't support [ many of ] your claims with any evidence . 
   but in case i did n't get my point across : without hypothesis there is no theory . 
  sure , but a theory without any evidence has no value . 
   i think it would n't hurt to at least keep your mind open that some of them might be true . 
  my mind is open as i 've read about most of the known conspiracy theories , be them utterly insane or perfectly possible . 
  but there is no reason to believe any of them without any evidence . 
   usually the evidence lies in the classified documents , that can be interpreted as an official evidence . 
  but how do you know even that is true , if you have n't seen the classified documents ? 
   it 's just like saying that the iranian nuclear weapon factory was n't destroyed by the israeli just because israeli never confirmed it , but there 's logical evidence which confirms that fact and yet nothing was done because on the legal level , nothing was confirmed . 
  has n't it really been confirmed by third parties ? 
  i mean , if israel confirmed it , then of course that confirmation would be of higher value , but still . 
  sort of the same like most western media claimed that there were russian forces in crimea before the referendum , yet russia at first denied it . 
  it was perfectly confirmed , yet after russia confirmed it itself , then that confirmation became of higher value , yet the fact of the confirmation did n't much change . 
   seeing how different the news i see from the west and the east are just left me with no choice but to remain conscious about things i am being told and question them . 
  yes , but the only thing we know for sure that `` the east '' ( which does n't really apply to russia , but still ... ) controls its media and has been known to lie a lot . 
   the famous mindfuck that is referred to as `` crimea annexation '' . 
  oh boy ...  a lot of sources stated that the referendum was either never held or the results had been rigged . 
  i do n't remember anyone claiming it was n't held . 
  whether it was rigged or not , we do n't know , although a 96 % / 97 % result sure does n't lead me to think it was n't . 
  however it is irrelevant !, 
  a referendum disregarding all legally necessary preparing conditions , ** which was organized under a foreign occupation ** , especially in that country 's advantage , can not be held legitimate by any sane person !, 
   i 've even heard that they were held at gunpoint by the russian army which just seemed bizzare to me . 
  no i do n't think such cases were ever confirmed , yet there were russian soldiers surrounding the voting booths . 
  now , the voting boxes were transparent and the ballots were not placed in envelopes making some of the marked ballots visible through the box walls . 
   yet russia was like `` it 's totally legit guys '' . 
  whatever russia does is `` totally legit guys '' . 
   everyone ( among their circle ) approved the annexation . 
  `` none of the people that i know , know any people , who vote for the center party . '', 
  this was a famous saying in estonia about ten years ago , although it was easily understood that estonians do n't just much interact with russians . 
  that 's what circle-jerk is , the local russians could also claim that they do n't know anybody , who does n't vote for the center party . 
  plus - they are russians , not the indigenous people of crimea . 
  the whole rhetoric that `` crimea has always belonged to russia '' was just absurd - i mean , estonia has belonged to russia for a longer time ...  results were like 90 % in the favor of annexation so i 'd imagine they did , so not really sure since the only country which was checking the results was indeed russia . 
  indeed , although many crimean tatars and ukrainians just boycotted the illegal referendum . 
   though as i said in the past there were actually some good ones . 
  yes , but they were monarchs , not dictators . 
  at least monarchs more or less happen to be in illegitimate power , they do n't climb there themselves . 
   no , not every war was bad . 
  a lot of them had good cause but a good bit of them did actually cripple a lot of countries . 
  i 'd say all of them [ the recent wars ] had good cause , all but iraq war were legal and the crippling effect is common for almost all of them , yet to a degree it 's logical as the rebels themselves cripple the country as well . 
   these documents were obtained in 2002 so the government did know about it being related to the saudi for at least 14 years now and they did n't do anything . 
  forgive me if i misunderstand - there are documents , but their contents are still unknown ? 
  and what makes you to think that saudi officials had something to do with the attack then ? 
   it seemed to me that you claimed that democracy does n't screw people over , which something i disagreed upon , or did i not get what you actually meant to say ? 
  it does n't do that intentionally per se , yet single officials can always be corrupted . 
   the content differs depending on who the content is aimed at , so obviously there will be things which are unpopular . 
  so the truth does come out ...  again , i 'm not trying to imply that any side is better than the other , i 'm just saying that the freedom of media just adds more confusion .
