  you should also search how many of estonian jews were killed by the soviets . .  random trivia : holocaust denial is not a crime in estonia . 
  why should it be ? 
  we have freedom of thought and freedom of expression . 
  remember kid , you guys keep denying that the ussr was just as horrible regime as nazi germany ... 
  1 ) soviet crimes were soviet crimes , rather irrelevant whether they were inside their own country or in another , quite the same with nazi germany . 
  2 ) only the bigger internal ones ended with stalin . 
   and let 's dispel once and for all with this fiction that adolf hitler did n't know what he was doing . 
  oh i claimed nothing of the sort . 
  not sure why you had to go and rant about this for three times though . 
  yeah , more or less . 
  the local booze cruisers make up most of our stereotypes about finns . 
  about latvians making fun of estonians ? 
  sure . 
  yeah , well , you ca n't bring in logic with hitler i guess . 
  so the main issue is that ceuta and melilla back then were considered overseas territories , i.e. 
  colonies ? 
   irony not withstanding knowing that usa did get involved in vietnam how can you bring this in here ? 
  south vietnam was n't us colony that it was trying to keep , the war was about stopping the communist advance !, 
  why does it matter that it was discovered on halloween ? 
  why does it matter that some not so intelligent people claim this place is haunting ? 
  by creating an easily defeatable enemy and therefore uniting the nation ... 
  criticize all you want , but do n't come in with factually incorrect statements . 
   russia has a centuries long , ongoing invasion of estonia ? 
  what do you mean by ongoing ? 
  why does it have to be ongoing ? 
  if a serial killer has been killing people all his life , does it mean he has a murder going on right now ? 
   any reason why they have been invading for hundreds of years yes , because imperialism has n't died out in russia . 
   and why they havent succeeded yet ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  they have succeeded several times . . 
  the hungarians were just a small part of the millions of soviet victims . 
  because i do n't understand why anyone would have a problem with rational hate . 
   the ebb and flow of borders , countries , is just the ebb and flow of power and economics it has been so for thousands of years most european borders are based on long-time ethnic borders . 
   no one cares what country you die in well i certainly do . 
   and only the living allow that fear and hate to dictate their day to day life of course our rational fears and hates dictate our day to day life . 
  what is wrong with relying on rationality ?? 
   you damn me for not caring erm , where ? 
   you deny your hate and bias we are all biased , there is not a single unbiased person on the planet . 
  we are biased by our history , by our culture and our education . 
  yet i ca n't see why my bias is any worse than yours . 
  my hate is rational . 
  hating hitler was rational . 
  hating putin is rational . 
   and me not caring lol , that is the one thing you do though . 
  you care enough to keep bantering without any logic behind it . 
  and the decadence and the repressive nature of the totalitarian dictatorship broke up the soviet union . 
  yes i do hate a hostile dictatorship , what is wrong with that ? 
  it is a rational hate . 
  and bias ? 
  what bias ? 
  yes we are secure in that , but you are naive if you think that there are many western european countries ready to reconquer estonia from russia should they quickly conquer it with their superiority in numbers on the ground . 
  that 's why more nato troops to this region is a necessity . 
   you do not see the logic because of your hate and fear . 
  and you do not use logic because you fail to understand why the hate and fear could be rational . 
   wow so much hate and pre conveived bias , i am surprised you get anything done in life . 
  where 's the hate and bias ? 
   i am not sure this is a conversation , you are trying to ram your fear and loathing down my throat first of all , i am not trying to ram anything down your throat . 
  secondly fear of russian hostility in this region is an entirely rational thing . 
  thirdly , i do n't see where you saw the hate . 
   while i am simply playing along with logic lol , what logic ? 
  `` that 's really not that much if compared to european cities . '', 
   the eternal soldier . . look it up . 
  what are you referring to ? 
   the only thing you have to fear is fear itself rational fear exists , you know ...  unless of course you do not trust nato , in which case you should play nice with your neighbour . 
  if we do n't trust nato to be fully competent , why the heck should we lower our moral standards and `` play nice with russia '' ? 
   its economy is about as big as a us state which is still a heck of a lot bigger than estonia 's . 
   so for the largest country in the world thats 3rd world at best . 
  it is really not , learn your concepts !, 
   i do not think the average russian wants to go to war , they are also people , apparently you do n't know russian people . 
   i have never met one russian who wants to die for putin lol . 
   you dont think sanctions and economic warfare is an attack ? 
  of course they are not an attack if there they are justified . 
   and you dont think the expansion of nato , us missile emplacements , us war ships in the black sea , us fighter planes , troops transfers and war games in the satellitte states etc , you think these are not attacks of course they are not attacks . 
   and provocation of course they are not provocation . 
   as a brit living in europe i can see this as nato playing a very dangerous game . 
  it is only dangerous because russia is a hostile dictatorship . 
   things are never quite so black and white as the media likes us to think are they . 
  well they more or less are in this case . 
   living here in the netherlands with a few us nukes stashed ready for use , i expect we would be a prime pre-emptive target , so i will sit on the roof smoke a bone and put on the pop corn , knowing we will be one of the first to be hit . 
  and how is that relevant to our conversation ? 
   i took public transport , which took me 45mins to get to class/work . 
  that 's really not that much . 
  it took me exactly as long with public transport in a 400k european city , while not even living in the suburbs . 
   actually the balance of power is how many `` fucking idiots '' are prepared to go to war for the profits and egos of their governments . 
  say what ? 
   how well armed they are , and how good are their logistics , the russian paratrooper division right behind our borders ? 
  yeah , we have a brigade tops , for more we need to mobilize . 
   russia is a third world economy second world would be more accurate . 
   with mostly out dated equipment and conscripts you are forgetting the lack of care for their own losses . 
  that makes them take crazy steps . 
   there are a hell of lot more borders than just estonia for russia to protect with its meager population spread across its land mass . 
  of course , but as long as nobody has attacked them , they are attacking their neighboring countries . 
  that is such a retarded argument . 
  russia has been invading estonia for centuries and still glorifies their historical actions . 
  they now imported a large number of russians into estonia and latvia and just like in ukraine , they might claim the need to protect the local minorities . 
  there are enough imperialist russians who consider these rightful russian territories . 
   well it is a more tactical choice they needed the ports for their navy in the black sea . 
  yeah , and by controlling the baltic states they could control the baltic sea . 
   also the majority of the population there were russians and wanted to go back to russia anyway imported russians . 
   source my relatives who live in crimea .
