  was the preference of nazis over soviets in europe an issue for people after their publicizing or before that ? 
   european federalists on here from tinpot countries loved to spew `` oh you 're a tiny island , and your empire is falling '' really ? 
  there are such people ? 
  never seen it myself . 
   so this is a big fuck you to all those europhiles who acted as if britian does n't mean anything on the world stage . 
  seriously , who are those people ? 
  or does being a europhile automatically make one be part of this group ? 
   how about the fact that you are trying to disregard the tens of millions killed by nazi germany holy shit , where did i do that ? 
  please point it out to me !, 
   and claim that sovit union is somehow worse . 
  well if they killed tens of millions of people , which is generally thought to be more than nazi germany , then they were worse . 
   they fucking defended their innocent ally after being invaded for no reason whatsoever . 
  they did nothing wrong . 
  of course they did n't . 
  that was a good thing to do . 
  my comment was about the ussr being only out for its own as it cooperated with the nazis as long as it benefited them . 
   there were n't , because there were no estonians and finns . 
  they were their direct ancestors , safe to say they were estonians and finns . 
  the soviets killed my great grandfather and countless others in my home town . 
  fuck them too . 
  your `` points '' are incorrect , that 's the issue ...  estonians origin from finno-ugric tribes that effectively mixed with slavs the finno-ugric people , who mixed with slavs to a degree are in northern russia , not in finland or estonia . 
   then neighbored slavic countries so ? 
   finally were a part of the empire with mostly slavic population for about 200 years ' yeah that did happen , but there was n't that much ethnic mixing going on here . 
   and estonia is merely a medium port , they ca n't be an ethnicity on its own . 
  and award for the most idiotic thing said today goes to u/romeneverfell !, 
  you started off with france and the united kingdom , which declared war on germany after it invaded poland . 
  point proven - you simply do n't know what you 're on about . 
   what the fuck is your point you nazi symphatizer ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  which of my quotes made you think that i am a nazi sympathizer ?? 
  well no , that 's rather an extreme case . 
  but such mixed * homo sovieticus * type people did/do exist , but less so with estonians . 
  as said , that '' - estonian '' may have just meant `` born and raised in estonia '' . 
  however i 've read conflicting statements about his ancestry , so i 'm not sure anymore . 
  there 's a chance he 's a regular estonian and the slavic thing is just an act . 
  for example i only have 1/16 non-estonian ancestry , baltic german that is . 
  it 's rather common to have that little foreign ancestry in estonia , unless you are a mixed russian/estonian of course , which is more common in recent generations . 
  boy , you sure know which person to listen to ... before you ever come to these parts of europe , please educate yourself more on these subjects !, 
  it 's a common mistake for people with no understanding of international law and the history of world war ii . 
  you act like the soviet union was fighting germany for any other reason than germany invading the soviet union . 
  the two co-started the war by dividing europe and invading innocent nations . 
  the ussr was never on the side of the `` good guys '' , it was out for itself only . 
   the nazis were not the lesser of two evils . 
  so , the soviets occupied us first and murdered , imprisoned and deported more people and suddenly they are better than nazis . 
  please explain this !, 
   they would have murdered every single person in the baltics . 
  but not during the time they actually occupied these territories , right ? 
   soviets at least allowed the innocent to live . 
  seriously , ** what the fuck ?? 
   you colonize empty lands . 
  by these standards america was never colonized :d  there was neither russian empire nor estonia and even finland . 
  no , but there were ethnically homogeneous territories populated by estonians and finns . 
   if you will look at the physical map of eastern europe you can notice that there is n't natural cross-borders you better look at a map of estonia from your perspective . 
  yeah , defining a nationality by the same word really depends on the language . 
  in estonian the word * eestlane * ( `` estonian '' ) very rarely means an ethnic non-estonian citizen of estonia . 
  but if the soviet union co-started the war , then how is every victim of the war german fault only ? 
  and italy is berber . 
   slavs started to colonize finno-ugric lands about 1,400 years ago . 
  but only colonized estonia in 1710 and finland in 1809 . 
  do n't compare apples with oranges here - the north russian finno-ugic people are more mixed with slavs ( and vice versa ) , but not that much the estonians and the finns . 
  natural cross-border mixing aside of course . 
  how did you get such high numbers for the nazis and so small for stalin ? 
   russian ? 
  soviet . 
  soviets were n't russians only , starting from the very top . 
  local party officers from our peripheral view , it was purely a russian state and not ours . 
  the local traitor officials were only following orders from moscow . 
   saying latvians - or any other former soviet/communist state - should be grateful to the ussr for `` liberating '' them , is akin to saying the japanese should be grateful for us atomic bombs , because they would have suffered even more destruction and been split into soviet and american occupations otherwise . 
  the difference is that the japanese inflicted the results on themselves , while latvia was just an innocent bystander . 
  was n't it ? 
  do you think the future possible deportation plans were public knowledge back then ? 
  yet , it were n't the nazis , who repressed my ancestors , it were the soviets . 
  what a sickening understanding . 
  basically most of the baltic states deserved to die because they saw the nazis as the lesser of the two evils ? 
   i see far too many people from poland and the baltics who are willing to excuse the nazis . 
  almost nobody here is excusing the nazis . 
  it 's just that in our context the nazis were far less oppressive than the soviets and the soviets invaded us first . 
   well , because estonians means citizens of estonia . 
  it rather means ethnic estonians , but can also mean estonian nationals . 
   origin from finno-ugric tribes that effectively mixed with slavs rather the ones in modern northern russia mixed with slavs , less so the estonians and finns . 
   i do n't think it will be a big crime against truth to say estonians ethnically at least 5 % -10 % slavs . 
  that 's not how these things work and you know that . 
  the french are not 5 % -10 % africans either , french nationals or `` people in france '' may be that . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure it 's both a nationality and an ethnicity . 
  you are referring to nationality . 
  what does this got to do with this topic ? 
  what does estonian citizenship got to do with this topic ? 
  a modern version of * jeestlane * ( '' [ yestonian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yestonians ) '' ) . 
  bowing to the twisted russian rhetoric is a surrender strategy ...  is it wrong that there is an anti german sentiment in poland ? 
  you exaggerate how prevalent it is . 
  the first guy said that estonians are not slavs , so the talk here was purely about ethnic estonians and not about the estonian nationality . 
  it 's not good humour if you have to add an / s to it . 
  ca n't say i have . 
  what of it ? 
   but no sense at all from say , a russian point of view . 
  democratic pov prevails . 
   and honestly the though of polish nukes also makes me at least uneasy as a german considering the anti german sentiment that seems to be already harboring in poland . 
  oh come on ...  i am personally not particularly interested in a further proliferation of nuclear weapons even if that means my own country wo n't be nuclear . 
  i more or less agree , the above was just hypothetical . 
  it 's important that the western block has nukes at least .
