  it still sees much of the world as wanting to come to destroy the beautiful russian heartland and eastern europe as its rightful clay . 
   more bs . 
  i suggest you check the interpretation of the fm of russia on the succession as there are linguistic specifics and nuances that differ from russian and english concerning the definition . 
  any links or elaborations ? 
   i have no comment about the dictatorship part , it 's so inane . 
  it 's insane to comment that russia is a dictatorship ? 
  seriously ??? 
  are you for real ? 
   from a country of nazi adulators and plain fascists yes , no generalizations , much knowledge of local history ...  a country with a grand inferiority complex oh boy ... you 're not biased at all . 
  and so intellectual as an older person !, 
   ( typical for all the baltic gnomes btw ) estonia is finnic , just so you 'd know . 
   your estonian president lives in the summer palace build by peter , the great no . 
   you know that famous `` estonian '' that was one of the greatest russian rulers , do n't you ? 
  how the heck was he an estonian ? 
   such a hilarious and detached from reality aggregation of idiots in estonia , my man . 
  a guy claiming peter the great was an estonian calls me hilarious and detached from reality ... may i ask , where are you from ? 
  `` my list of pan-europe is clearly biased in favor of western europe , but you can make a biased list if you want ... '', 
   well it 's good you 're not saying it applies 100 % since it applies 0 % . 
  oh boy ...  the law is there to provide stability , protect property rights , provide security etc. 
  it 's not there to right the wrongs of centuries ago or millennia ago and completely turn the political status on its head . 
  it 's not always centuries ago . 
  and often the existence of a foreign majority stops the indigenous minority from exercising their right to self determination , which is in no way helpful for stability . 
   multinational states russia but it was fine when multinational soviet union dissolved ...  these are states with just the same rights as estonia , deal with it . 
  indigenous ethnic rights go above state rights . 
  it only happens that estonia is small enough to not have any other indigenous peoples in its territory . 
   its federal regions have language rights that make sure the indigenous groups there can continue their traditions and are protected . 
  lol . 
  i ca n't believe western europeans so easily fall for such tricks . 
   none of its regions barring chechnya ever saw outright war and nowhere outside of the north caucasus has there ever been significant ethnic unrest . 
  well most of the indigenous minority territories are sort of surrounded by russia , so ...  it was lawless , dirt-poor , could n't provide basic services , had a thriving kidnapping industry , and perennially spawned islamic militants that would cause trouble throughout the north caucasus and beyond ( nagorno-karabakh , syria , iraq , afghanistan etc. ) . 
  independence -  russia attacks -  horrible war -  russia occupies -  guerrilla warfare -  stable radicalization . 
  there 's nothing to be surprised about here . 
   and this was a region that was majority ` indigenous ' , we 're not even dealing with one of your fantastical situations of rule by tiny ethnic minority . 
  yet russia still invaded and you are protecting them ... 
   if you will say 12 new states , then no , it 's 15 . 
  internationally recognized it 's 12 . 
   uzbekistan was around before the su . 
  one of the few that was . 
  so was georgia , abkhazia . . not internationally recognized states . 
   but i also think russian should have status . 
  it does . 
  as a foreign language . 
   go to a majority white neighbourhood in england and ask if the rights for women should be extended for extra protection . 
  wait , what ?? 
   funny how democracy always works against the minority . 
  democracy is more than just majority rule and there are constitutional principles that protect them and go above majority rule . 
   you are just guaranteeing the right to continue that ( hating them , no unity ) forcing the language of the former occupying country to be an official language despite the majority will , would only cause more disunity and hatred . 
   it was formed by dictatorship , yes . 
  all the states were absorbed in a semi-illegal fashion . 
  are you aware of how it actually started or . . ? 
  very aware . 
   russia had a war itself , with sides fighting for and against it . 
  the other powers backed the monarchy to keep it together . 
  we know who won that , do n't we ? 
  ukraine declared independence , just as other places like finland , dagestan , central asian states , even belarus , siberian nations , etc. 
  see : how is that any news ? 
   they all got absorbed into the new union . 
  well , no . 
  finland , poland , estonia , latvia and lithuania did n't . 
  only until 22 years later were they illegally attacked by the ussr . 
   sorry that i do n't have an extreme hatred for russia like the people personally decided to dig out and go wild to take everyone else when they had a war themselves . 
  what ? 
   ok , so what do you think was not bad ? 
  it 's good you can at least see semi-clearly , to not think literally every thing about it was bad and oppressive . 
  it kept the smaller nations in relative unity ( against the foreign occupying dictatorship ) . 
  it taught people how to cope with harsh conditions . 
  it taught these nations how to organize civil disobedience etc etc. 
   illegal russian immigration ? 
  not illegal if the state was not considered illegal . 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania were illegally occupied countries and importing colonizing people there was illegal according to international law . 
   if it was illegal , then the export of peoples to russia was also illegal . 
  these rules do n't apply to the occupying state . 
   ukrainians - get out of the crimea . 
  ukraine never illegally occupied crimea . 
  russia has from 2014 . 
   theft of shit , yeah . . like any empire . 
  yeah , always blame someone else . 
   okay . 
  damaged nature - now this is particularly sad , given the aral sea incident . 
  i do hope it comes back , and that alone shows the greed and insanely mismanaged directions of the ruling class . 
  not only bigger stuff like that - there was a lot of open-pit mining in northeastern estonia . 
   i 'm not justifying those things , but it 's not as if britain nor france caused insane amounts of damage either . 
  belgium was arguably worse in the congo . 
  pointing fingers again ... 
  there is a qualitative difference here . 
  colonialism and the actions of these nations have for a long time been criticized and accepted as bad , while russia still claims its occupations were good and that they were the saviors of europe in some twisted way . 
   russification ? 
  yeah , again , like any empire . 
  not so much to the degree that russia had in its close vicinity . 
   i do n't see rwandese being like : the belgians were horrible . 
  they cut off our hands if we did n't work , killed our children in front of us , and the worst part . 
  we had to learn french . 
  french !, 
  and we still learn it now !, 
  sadly , different situations in international law . 
   so language sensitive , which makes me think language does matter . 
  or it would n't be such a way . 
  and if it 's so sensitive , then the people deserve the same standards in a new state . 
  if they were 3 % of the population , i 'd say fuck off and try integrating ( \u00e1 l\u00e1 lithuania ) . 
  now , i 'd still provide services to them , like frisian is provided in the netherlands ( you know , a state who cares about all their people , even the ones who came in war times ) .
