  i 'm sure good connections are an actually necessary precondition to be `` good '' in politics . 
  it 's not 100 % necessary , but i do n't imagine how an unknown person could manage a system with so many actors . 
  and what is a `` political graduate '' ? 
   ergo , it 's not democratic . 
  and this is a bloody naive understanding of how democratic politics work . 
  sure , this could be implemented as many countries have ( but definitely not all member states ) . 
  if this was an issue , they 'd implement the possibility . 
  but it is naive to claim that this is the main tool of democracy - ** it is definitely not !, 
  **  else you 're being ruled by a different class of people lol , is it warm under the tinfoil hat ? 
  but none of your arguments made sense ... sure that the eu * could * be more democratic , but not by any standard you brought out . 
   the power does not lie with the demos . 
  as are most of our countries ( notable exception being the swiss ) . 
  wtf is wrong with you people ? 
  how can the commentators here be so frigging unintelligent about government and politics ?? 
  how are the swiss even special here ? 
  more referendums does n't make the country particularly more democratic . 
  and even if , they have a couple of more referendums per year - most issues are still decided by the parliament . 
   currently the most dominant part of eu is the comission and council , both representative of the state government , but not it 's people directly . 
  and how does it work in your country ? 
   a government in most countries needs 50 % + 1 of the vote to rule , yet on the eu level with the exception of parliament , they represent 100 % of the country . 
  elaborate . 
   on practicle terms this is probably for the better , but we essentially have a fpp system per eu state . 
  erm , no . 
   the commission has no direct accountability to the electorate . 
  could you please compare it with your own country before making such unintelligent statements ? 
   the parliament is elected but turnout for these elections is very low this is a problem for sure , but it does n't make the system undemocratic . 
   ukip and fn won most votes in these which are mostly a protest vote . 
  this is a problem for sure , but it does n't make the system undemocratic . 
   germany has a disproportionate amount of influence on the eu because of their economic strength . 
  that 's why we have [ degressive proportionality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degressive_proportionality ) . 
   the bigger a union is , the less democratic it gets . 
  wtf ? 
   sharing sovereignty with other nations is undemocratic . 
   scotland has discovered this . 
  has it ? 
   despite extensive integration and devolution they still almost left the uk in 2014 . 
  and how is this a problem with democracy ? 
  after all , they wanted to leave the sovereign state , but they 'd be happy to remain in the eu . 
   nations do n't want to lose sovereignty in exchange for gaining sovereignty over others that 's the point of the eu - it only has enough powers as much the member states decide to give it . 
   for the eu to be democratic , the majority of people of europe would have to start considering themselves european first and nationality 2nd . 
  erm , no . 
  if your regional identity within your sovereign state is stronger than your national identity , does it mean that the sovereign state is undemocratic ? 
   and there would have to be one parliament which is directly elected and has almost all the eu 's power . 
  but you already have several levels of assembly in your own country . . 
  i do hope this is some weird internet sarcasm because you sound terribly unintelligent . 
  why would anyone think the eu is not democratic ? 
   \u2713 commissioners are usually ( former ) elected leaders from national member states this is irrelevant . 
  but it is so often that people say the eu is not democratic because the eu commission is not directly elected by the people as if the government was directly elected by the people in any member state ... 
  i do n't think there should be anything that we are ashamed of , it would even be inherently wrong . 
  if you want to say something negative , then why make a secret of it ? 
  estonia is either 1st or 37th [ depending on the way statistics is gathered ] . 
  * that 's * how much finns buy alcohol in estonia !, 
   well we are energy independent from russia as well . 
  well this is a rather naive thing to say , do n't you think ? 
  countries have very different energy resources . 
  which is from low germans and scandinavians . 
  it 's rather ridiculous if anyone else sees us as eastern europe . 
  well upvote for the use of * nummi * at least . 
  energy independence from russia  nordics, 
  now is this a biased or an unbiased opinion ? 
  to be honest , not being a putinbot in r/russia is trolling . 
  [ but ... ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ae/f5/03/aef50301d056b522f7d092eb9dbfcc25.jpg ), 
  you are now not moderator of r/selfproclaimedmods, 
   russia totally has the right fight a war ukraine because a bunch of separatists invited them hush now , they are doing no such thing !, 
  until you know , they get bored and say that they indeed are and have every right to !, 
  i 'm pretty sure it originates from r/polanball . 
  this is a common meme though . 
  it 's not like every question needs to be directed to r/askeurope . . 
  finns must be better at inside jokes though . 
   btw , what is airbnb ? 
  it 's that online cheap accommodation service i use every time i go drinking in riga . 
  estonians and lithuanians are also ok with everything in latvia except terrible road quality . 
  because of the quick development in the almost 30 years of independence , different social groups have changed at very different paces . 
  that 's why there exist several parallel societies all over the country , where you barely interact with groups like ethnic russians or estonian lower classes ( especially those in the countryside ) , who have vastly more conservative approach to different issues . 
  and they often see liberal policies as some western conspiracy because , you know , they also barely meet people with different , i.e. 
  liberal views . 
  why would we care about the debt of the occupying country ? 
   esti did you really just misspell * eesti * ? 
   you suggest that portugal and estonia are on the same boat when it comes to russian threat but you do n't have arguments to support your claim . 
  you are misinterpreting what i am saying . 
  of course our direct situations are different . 
  but our overall situation is the same - democratic countries must stay democratic , especially in the face of a foreign threat !, 
  plus we are strongly tied politically and economically - attack on one would have a strong negative impact on the other . 
   when a member requests help , help will be given . 
  i am not doubting that , i am saying that it may be relatively ineffective when the attack has already happened thanks to inadequate deterrence already in place . 
  that is why military defense is a lot about preparation . 
   but you do n't have an argument for why do n't you care of other countries . 
  who said i do n't care of other countries ? 
   the kind of person that believes a country should know it 's priorities ? 
  no , the kind of person , who fails to see the bigger picture . 
   so we should build an army that can fight is able to fight off who ? 
  spain , morocco ? 
  it 's not just one country , the entire democratic world should cooperate in this . 
   i 'm a isolationist of course you are ... 
  i understood that already as i already hinted to your naivety . 
   so according to you we should go and police the world and make sure people live in democracies ... * if * it 's realistically possible . 
  for states with no democratic opposition , it is rather pointless . 
  but if a foreign country invades a democracy , then definitely . 
   i dislike the fact that we are in a defense union . 
  oh , you are that kind of person ...  it should n't be my country 's job and taxpayers money to assure that  our location in europe means we do n't get many enemies so we should have a defensive force for what we need .
