  they are rather dialects then . 
  this is a dialect , not an accent . 
  that 's rather a dialect of the same language , not an accent ... 
   argentinian and most caribbean ones ( venezuelan as well , due to all the soap-operas ) . 
  dialects , not accents ... 
  yeah well , it goes very political . 
  if an actual russian from russia has learned estonian , then it might be cool , but if `` a russian has lived here all his life and has an accent '' then that might not be that cool - they have very strong common set-in intonation differences which might not be as apparent on someone , who came from russia and has n't spent so much time among the local russian community . 
  how the heck is flemish a foreign accent ? 
  / u/schreinischreiner are you talking about accents or dialects ? 
  dialect is the regional native form of a language , `` just as good '' as any other . 
  an accent is the foreign form of another language , i.e. 
  `` not as good '' . 
  but i think you are talking about dialects so : personally i think it is the [ seto ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/south_estonian_today.png ) in southeastern estonia . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc939q95dgg ) a song in the language/dialect , for us it sounds like it has many russian influences . 
  but this seems to be a bit less apparent in [ more modern songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb4qfaoxv-s ) . 
  what about the portuguese dialects/accents of other former portuguese colonies , have you ever heard them ? 
  how different do they sound ? 
   that 's not comparable imho . 
  germany occupied france for 5 years of wartime , meanwhile it was 50 ( and mostly peacetime ) for baltic states . 
  utterly irrelevant from the point of international law . 
   but trying to revert it after decades of people living there wo n't actually fix it and will only cause more harm ( but it 's a revenge if that 's what you 're after ) . 
  no , trying to revert it and trying to save your nation is ** a very good thing ** !, 
  it did n't cause harm for anyone , they were granted the possibility to apply for citizenship . 
  only the lazy ones did n't do it because statelessness also has its upsides . 
   will insiting on integrating into palestinian culture how is that even comparable ? 
   why do you want to be nordic ? 
  because we are ? 
   is it better to be nordic than baltic . 
  absolutely irrelevant . 
  and i do n't think there even is an answer here . 
   baltic is your grouping because of geographical location so denmark , sweden , finland , russia , poland and germany are also baltic ? 
   like the nordic states are called the nordic so estonia , latvia and lithuania are also nordic ? 
   north of germany no , it is n't `` north of germany '' concept . 
   when this was first taken in use , the baltic states did n't exist yes they did , they were illegally occupied by the ussr and all but sweden refused to recognize the occupation . 
  sweden later apologized for that . 
   nordic and baltic are , mainly , geographical branding , secondarily culturally . 
  no , baltic is mostly an ethnic term , excluding estonia . 
   if it ai n't some nationalistic thing , then how come it is so big deal for you ? 
  many reasons : 1 . 
  estonia being very similar to finland and if finland is nordic , so should estonia be . 
  what makes us baltic ? 
  our cultures are similar . 
   it seems very nationalistic to care where your country is classified wow ...  and the three baltic states have a wierd relationship with nationalism yeah , [ utterly weird ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckzsxhpvqtm ) ...  ekr has around 8000 members you mean ekre and most of its members are leftovers from the previous agrarian party , which was almost disbanded , but was reformed into the nationalist party . 
  and rather not nationalist , but national conservative . 
  these are different ideological concepts . 
   and they openly call themselves nationalists . 
  first of all to do that is nothing weird in estonian language . 
  it has the meaning of `` patriot '' in most contexts . 
   and with the members of the eip you have over 10000 people members of openly nationalist parties . 
  more like as much as there are in the eip , which is an utterly unimportant party . 
   and i think the numbers are around the same in the other baltic states . 
  do n't know , do n't care . 
   this combined with the meetings and hounering of waffen ss members at sinim\u00e4ed just portraying your lack of knowledge here . 
  please read up about the [ estonian ss-division ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/20th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss_\\ ( 1st_estonian \\ ) ) . 
  the us congress even stated that  the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states . 
  furthermore , the estonian ss-soldiers were used as guards at the nuremberg trials !, 
  they are seen as freedom fighters against the invading soviets and not nazis . 
   makes us doubt how anti-nazi you really are just as anti-nazi as you , but far more anti-soviet as you . 
   and it is the same in your `` sister countries '' your words . 
   in your three countries nazis are often seen as heroes . 
  no ... just portraying your lack of knowledge again . 
   they were nazis except that they were n't . 
   as soon as all commemoration of fallen waffen ss men stops , then we can talk about it . 
  screw you then !, 
   as soon as every year there is n't some democratically elected who goes and layes a flower on a nazi grave there is n't ... 
  the estonian ss-division only , i.e. 
  not nazis . 
   we do n't like nationalists in the nordic countries , if you have n't noticed . 
  no , only the left wing guys do n't . 
  those , who want to import muslim fundamentalists to their countries and want to ban the use of their own national flags ...  that your relationship with nazis what relationship ? 
  you are by far the least knowledgeable dane i have ever met !, 
  eastern europe and northern europe in a nutshell , respectively . 
  and of course , i never tip . 
  they have a shitty job , so it 's fine if they do n't smile and sometimes smirk at you . 
  i would probably do the same in their position , but i have a better job . 
  plus it 's not like i go to the restaurant to chat with the waiters , who i 've never met before . 
  i go there to eat . 
  you did n't get the question . 
   with us '' , the aryans no , this is neo-nazi , not being nordic ... plus , this is by far the most idiotic argument i 've heard against estonia being nordic . 
   the reason we use it is not because we see ourselves as superior jesus f. christ . . 
  does n't mean they are scandinavians ... 
   you are baltic , though not balts . 
  rather contradicting ...  too bad , i guess . 
  it is n't me who makes the rules . 
  no , just other biased people lacking much knowledge about estonia ... 
  i could n't give two shits about them . 
  professional sports is overrated anyway . 
  it should be either all or nothing in my opinion . 
  however keeping state symbols alone reduces the chance of international tensions caused by a few idiots . . 
   they just ca n't into nordic . 
  except estonia of course , 
  * eesti * and also latvia and lithuania . 
  note that northern europe = / = nordic countries . 
   those people were often born and raised as citizens of whatever government was in power would france have given citizenship to tens of millions of german colonists after nazi occupation ? 
   does n't sound good to me . 
  does colonizing a sovereign nation with your people sound good to you ? 
  the russians had the chance to leave or integrate . 
  some chose to leave and get russian citizenship , some chose to stay and integrate and get citizenship , some chose to stay and live without citizenship . 
  it was utterly their choice . 
   we czechs went few steps further - we expelled the germans outright after ww2 .
