  i live in a poorer russian majority district of tallinn and i see quite many foreigners ( of distinguishable colour ) here , who are notably different from tourists . 
  it 's just cheaper to live here for them , so it 's not surprising that they come here . 
  and in estonian towns poorer means majority russian and vice versa . 
  indeed , but one also needs to consider that not all people assimilate as easily . 
  some may have very strong connections to their country of origin and their residence in the new country as an unwilling necessity , so they have little interest in integrating . 
  plus certain countries have had tendencies of taking in people mostly from certain countries , so they are bound to move closer together into familiar communities . 
  if a person is earning enough to make it on his own , then you ca n't really legally stop them from moving , especially within the same region or town . 
  indeed - although there is a lot of bias against refugees not integrating , then there was this [ relatively popular success story ] ( http://www.postimees.ee/3334419/paari-aastaga-eesti-keel-suhu ) about an albanian family , whose daughter spoke almost fluent estonian within a couple of years . 
  i think estonians really `` click '' after seeing someone speaking fluent estonian and them being under threat to be sent back , which was a possibility at the time . 
  ( especially considering how most local russians fail to learn proper estonian within their entire lifetimes ), 
  single people tend to be single men and importing them is not particularly a popular idea . 
   obviously , i know this sounds like brazil 's policies to whiten their black population . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's about integration and nothing else . 
  lone exceptions can exist - they do n't disprove general tendencies . 
  i hope you understand that concept . 
  it is correlated , these are lone exceptions , which can barely be seen as allies of democratic countries . 
  they do , but considering if they were democratic and government not easily manipulable , their relations with russia might be totally different . 
  generally democratic countries wherever do n't get along with russia . 
   the claim was all that was the original argument , not your claim . 
  that indeed and there mostly are n't any problems because estonia takes families and lone , yet safer single people only . 
  that was indeed the argument , but your claim was that the situation is quite good as only a few ex-soviet states have problems with russia , while in reality that 's almost every democratic ex-soviet country and a huge bunch of them are ruled by dictators , who get along with putin . 
  3-5 ex-soviet countries are democratic ... 
   poe 's law til , thank you for that , 
  i think that was just some really dry british sarcasm . 
  estonians can detect it at times . 
  that is already happening , but thing is that people of certain background tend to live among people of certain background , so they often flock to majority russian neighborhoods . 
  plus some immigrants find russian easier to learn and they will rather integrate into the russian community , which is seen as a security threat for estonia . 
   the french attacked germany , not the other way around . 
  dios mio ...  do n't act as if germany was 100 % bad and the ` allies ' were 100 % good . 
  germany illegally invaded poland -  germany was 100 % bad . 
   i know europe has been heavily brainwashed for the past 70 years western europe ? 
  definitely not . 
  but eastern europe was brainwashed for 50 years . 
   i blame france and britain just as much as germany for ruining europe . 
  the versailles system was rather used as an excuse to support hitler 's illegal ideas . 
   tell me how isis , a jihadi group , can tackle two of the strongest militaries in the middle east , without the help of outside powers . 
  who said they do n't have help ? 
  just that how do you know that this help comes from states ? 
  iraq war was illegal , but the other ones were n't . 
  just read up on them and do n't mix them together ...  guess what , the way estonia acts , russia has a far more legitimate case of invading you , than any of the three nations mentioned . 
  how does estonia act again and how is this a legitimate case for russia invading us ? 
   block nord stream , which is a western initiative . 
  block rapprochement between ger-fr and russia etc. 
  two quite important things . 
  that western initiative was a security threat for the baltic states - security  businesss . 
  same with any cooperation with a hostile dictatorship . 
   why do n't you little stonies allow russians to learn and speak russian in their own country ? 
  and you call me brainwashed ...  just like switzerland or belgium ? 
  because the people , who live there , are all indigenous to these countries , unlike russians in estonia . 
   mother tongues are a human right . 
  as in estonia . 
   traitor germany , the engine of europe should endanger it 's economy for the sake of tiny little stoney-a ? 
  if they think a small bulk of their economy is more important then the security of their allies , then they are inherently evil people . 
   stoney-a nice bias ...  people like you make me hope putin puts kicks you all to siberia . 
  again , reported it !, 
  they wo n't integrate like that usually , but their kids will . 
  ingrian finns do have a cultural autonomy in estonia with their own elected assembly by the way , so at least they can prosper their culture here ( and in further finland of course ) . 
  considering they are not independent , then russia has moved those russians in there to create a forever status of russian majority ... do n't people deserve independence when they are outnumbered by their neighbor ? 
  but russia cares about you !, 
  would be kicked out of power ? 
  what if they were imprisoned and executed ? 
  you call people freeing from the nazis cowards ? 
  how pathetic must you be ... 
  i have been following syria as well and know what 's what , but do n't automatically believe in conspiracy theories . 
  the taliban is not in power , although they control parts of the country . 
  none of these are western aggression , please inform yourself of their background . 
  it 's not about geographic directions - australia is also western as is georgia , at least more western than eastern . 
  i think all of the eastern european nations are thankful enough ... 
  but they can not give up their sovereignty because you decided to help ... block what `` western european '' initiatives again ? 
  stop making stuff up !, 
  nord stream was for the benefit of a dictatorship and could give russia a pretext to control the baltic sea - it was a danger to the defense of these nations and should have been blocked , yet german traitor business interests got their upper hand . 
  these guys were dictators , their legitimacy is easily replaced . 
  which puppet did the us install again ? 
   how legitimate are you when you ca n't defend your nation and flee like a girl ? 
  so if a maniac kidnaps your son , then you are not a legitimate parent ? 
   evidence ? 
  you want me to prove a hypothetical ? 
  you 've got no logical argumentation for your hypothetical ...  or polls from germany and france , where a huge majority of people said : no war with russia under any circumstances , that includes squashing estonia like a bug . 
  wars are n't fought by direct democratic choice - the government knows these things better as they think of geopolitical reasons to enter a conflict while the populace does not . 
   was that not known before 2001 ? 
  probably , yet they did get rid of the taleban government ...  and do n't give me that ` al qaida ' nonsense . 
  that 's a cia organization which happens to be america 's biggest proxy today in syria . 
  oh boy , nice to see you believing every conspiracy theory there is . 
  and an educated person - you should be ashamed of yourself !, 
   i am against endless western aggression though what western aggression ?? 
   be it in eastern europe , the caucasus you mean the countries , which determine themselves as part of the west themselves ?? 
  countries , where russia has been the sole aggressor ? 
  what an idiotic comparison with north africa , the middle east and east asia . 
   i 'm completely sick of how europe ca n't stand on it 's own feat and lets itself be dictated by that wasteland called the us . 
  i am also sickened by it , yet you are the best example of such behavior when you fail to provide for your military and you do n't care about your allies and actually favor an imperialist dictatorship over them . 
   and i am very sick of little eastern european countries that depend on eu money for their lives that eu money has helped turn soviet-controlled nations into first world nations , which have become aid givers themselves . 
  they are the sole reason for europe 's current success and global importance . 
   and yet listen to the us more than to germany/france etc. 
  that 's only true when these countries value their friendship with a dictatorship more than with their democratic allies . 
  good for them , nobody needs left radicals . 
  what can be said for the us/brits ? 
  the french government before nazi invasion was an ally of the uk , simple as that . 
  if they did n't flee , they 'd gotten themselves arrested and perhaps executed , so they would n't have been of any use for their countries , at least in this way they formed a legitimate government in exile that was later put in power again . 
  of course illegal russians are people , did i state the opposite ?
