  you do remember me pointing out that there were n't really russians living there prior to the annexation into the russian empire , right ? 
  it means they are not indigenous to the area , it 's not a russian land !, 
  was i really stating the opposite ? 
  and how is the almost died out german minority in crimea related to the current issues ? 
  because whilst i criticized the illegality of the annexation by the fact that russians have no rights over the territory as they are n't indigenous to the area , then you came in with the claim that ukrainians are not indigenous either . 
  that statement of yours was the totally irrelevant factoid to the argument . 
  oh , yet the ussr deported the indigenous population and brought in russians to replace it . 
  and those russians there before had come there after the russian empire 's annexation in the 18th century . 
  russians are n't indigenous to the area and have no rights to decide the future political status of the region !, 
  no , my argument was not a strawman argument . 
  me :  ukraine 's russian majority areas were artificially created by the soviet union through a state-organized famine and russian immigration . 
  no territory in ukraine should have the right to secede in favor of russia . 
  you a little later :  the thing is , the crimean khanate was a turkic vassal state of the ottoman empire before the annexation by the russian empire . 
  ukraine had no business down there . 
  me :  ukraine having no business there does n't affect the legality of the current russian occupation of crimea ... 
  besides , the crimean tatars prefer remaining part of ukraine . 
  you :  that goes without saying . 
  you 're making a strawman argument . 
  1 ) i said russians are n't indigenous to the area and they have no right to secede . 
  2 ) you said crimea is turkic , ukraine had no business down there . 
  3 ) i said it does n't change the illegality of the russian annexation . 
  4 ) you called strawman you were the one to claim that ukraine had no business down there , which was irrelevant to the question of legality of the current russian annexation . 
  that 's why mine was n't a strawman , you merely went off the topic to justify the annexation . 
   which is not the case for crimea though : demographics_of_crimea , check out the results of the 1897 census . 
  indeed , but that does n't mean that local russians have the right to secede ... 
  because the ethnic russians forming a demographic majority had no right to secede , that 's why . 
  that was a strawman argument ? 
  what the hell , dude ? 
  you brought in ukrainians not being indigenous to the region to an argument about the legality of the russian annexation of crimea . 
  in no fucking way was that a strawman argument . 
  though not as radical , is n't it exactly what stalin did ? 
  also borders . 
  and their national flag . 
  and genders . 
  and people , who say bad things about islam . 
  not exactly relevant now , is it ? 
  ukraine having no business there does n't affect the legality of the current russian occupation of crimea ... 
  besides , the crimean tatars prefer remaining part of ukraine . 
  by what standards do you know that i have accomplished zero ? 
  and most of the scientists today are not religious . 
  atheism is not a blind bigotry - it is the denial of any religious blind bigotry . 
  the source of most stupidity in this world - religion . 
   considering you are intellectually far below him that is your subjective opinion , knowing nothing of me . 
  atheists are deluded and self-absorbed ? 
  dude , what century are you living in ? 
  that 's true , no one ever needs two chambers with exactly the same role . 
  the upper chamber should usually be reserved to represent all regions of the country , i.e. 
  majoritarian way , and the lower chamber should be convened based on the proportional way . 
  that is true . 
  however , were there any russians there a 100 years prior to that census ? 
  i 100 % agree that ukrainians are also not indigenous to crimea and you remember how the crimean tatar population reacted to the illegal russian invasion and annexation ... 
  i tolerate quite a wide specter of political views and perhaps even brexit if the supporters of that would n't be the old and the less educated and if the supporters of brexit would n't come up with weak and populist promises which they base their whole political view system on . 
  well indeed , because for me personally , there was some truth behind that joke . 
  i do n't put myself anywhere , i put religious people below intellectually normal people . 
  it 's a comment board like any other , like reddit for example . 
  is id-proofed comment board the only legitimate way to get experience with foreign people ? 
  i think it rather started as an innocent joke , you yourself took it so far ... 
  my claim was arbitrary anyway - people being religious are less intelligent because they are religious . 
  they may well be the smartest people in the world in other aspects . 
   than you . 
  oh , you did it !, 
  sticks and stones may brake my bones , but airbaltic will suck forever . 
  i do n't think i was even , i guess it started from an innocent joke , nothing more . 
  did i say commonly , i said that was my experience with some guys , who claimed to be british . 
  see below . 
  it is also important to note that a person being intelligent in one aspect may not be so in another aspect . 
  furthermore , religion is also a societal aspect and even may scientists do n't pay much attention on criticizing it or perhaps even thinking about it . 
  it is your personal opinion that atheists are self-absorbed teenagers . 
  i am 26 , hardly a teenager , yet have been an atheists since when i was about 6 years old , when i was bothered by catholic studies in my kindergarten . 
  it was in some youtube comment section , of a brexit video . 
  do n't know if i can find it now . 
  i think i just misread :  it is quite necessary actually for the proper functioning of the entire ** region ** . 
  and atheists are not enlightened , they are just more intelligent than the religious folk . 
  cough , the nordic countries with unicameral parliaments right now ... and plenty of countries in europe with bicameral parliaments turned to authoritarian rule in the 1930s as well ... 
  investing into regional infrastructure is one of the core reasons the eu is as strong as it is today . 
  furthermore , it has developed former communist countries into first world countries in less than two decades . 
  now , they are the ones , who are soon ready to provide foreign aid themselves . 
  not seeing benefits of a stronger democratic region is what buzzles me about the brexiters . 
  the argument was my personal experience with arguing with brexiters . 
  it 's a subjective experience , not something one can disprove as a false fact . 
  oh there are plenty of guys like that . 
  and even less enthusiastic eurosceptics , who think that leaving the eu `` will be a start '' in making the uk a better place sound idiotic to me . 
  vatican city ? 
  serves no other interests than that of an idiotic religious organization . 
  though the people declaring independence would still need to be indigenous to the territory . 
  immigrant populations usually would n't have the right to secede , for example russians in the baltic states . 
  ukraine 's russian majority areas were artificially created by the soviet union through a state-organized famine and russian immigration . 
  no territory in ukraine should have the right to secede in favor of russia . 
  the most logical option for the uk would be to have a stronger lower chamber with mps elected on a proportional basis and a weaker upper chamber with mps elected on a majoritarian basis with 1 - or 2-member constituencies . 
  it 's not like i am so utterly against the british system , it 's just his logical fallacy that i was pointing out . 
  but the governments are ok to appoint officials to other organizations , which also affect our legislation ? 
  little different story when there was an actual serb-inflicted ethnic conflict going on . 
  no such thing was happening in crimea . 
  nor are the russians indigenous to crimea , which is one of the main arguments for kosovo belonging to serbia . 
  what an insightful argument . 
  who said i was ok with them declaring independence ? 
  there was n't even a shred of democracy and openness nor international nor domestic law followed in that process ... 
  but ... why ? 
  i mean , the whole framework is democratic . 
  countries elect parliaments , which appoint governments , which within their rights appoint officials , just like the commissioners .
