  i do n't know that number . 
  but there are dozens of organizations with around a hundred members each . 
  i personally know this from welecja , arkonia and polonia . 
   once again , if there is so many people there , why i 've never seen any , even in biggest universities in poland ? 
  perhaps you have seen , they just do n't advertise outside that much ? 
   for god sake , mate . 
  are you really pulling out mo\u015bcicki as example of contemporary fraternity culture ? 
  did you check their birthdates ? 
  conlusion of it should punch you in the face , it 's so obvious . 
  if you would even look at numbers provided there this organisations in span of almost 200 years had in total less than 5000 people . 
  these organizations do not set mass membership as a goal . 
  they are fine with a few hundred members at the time . 
  and i 'm sorry , i do n't know any polish academics anyway , but since all of their members are in the university or have been , and there are plenty of professor fraternity members in estonia , i am sure there have to be those in poland as well . 
   because there is more people playing football with trashed can on school corridors than there is people in those organisations . 
  yet we are not talking about `` trash can football subculture '' . 
  but the people playing football with trashed cans go home and the next day nobody knows who is part of that group . 
  these are actual organizations with clearly defined membership . 
  a subculture does n't have to exist in every part of the country . 
  they are independent organizations with clearly defined members , getting along with other such organizations . 
  ergo , it 's a subculture . 
   because it 's self-validation and classism in the roots of it . 
  i 'm talking about people like you - talking about them like it 's cult that can do so much for you . 
  you are the only person here talking about them like they are cults . 
  i have never said such things . 
  they have quite open memberships , you can easily join if you look them up . 
  i do n't know what self-validation you are talking about . 
  i am merely pointing out the fact that they do exist and form a separate subculture and you are angrily arguing with that for some reason . 
   why they are ? 
  fraternities in today 's poland are as neccesarry as `` lotne uniwersytety '' are - in other words - not necessary at all . 
  do n't you know about the right to organize as you want to ? 
  it 's pretty basic stuff in a democratic society . 
  we do n't just do things that are necessary for the general society . 
  there are book clubs , football clubs , chess clubs etc. 
  that are not necessary for the society , but apparently they are necessary for their members . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  what is wrong with an organized social life ? 
   presume is very important word here . 
  you presume that fraternities are there , even if they are not . 
  but i did show you that there are fraternities out there , did i really not ? 
  how can you keep arguing like this ?? 
  you 're like a religious person denying evolution despite of evidence . .  good for you . 
  talk about your country then , stop spewing bullshit about other , ok ? 
  but i 've personally interacted with dozens of polish fraternity members from several fraternities . 
  that must mean they do exist or were those paid actors or something ? 
   i 'm talking about names of polish `` fraternities '' that you mentioned in other comment . 
  yeah , and they follow that tradition . 
  they are named after historical regions because student organizations from this part of the world are named after historical regions . 
  it 's the same in germany , estonia , latvia , sweden and finland and probably in some other countries . 
  why are you so angrily arguing here , i just do n't understand that . 
  this one polish guy is even accusing me of lying after i said that there actually are some fraternities in polish universities and it 's a small subculture . 
   nice megalomaniac you are . 
  from one hand you are claiming that they are small organisations , now they are tens of thousands of people . 
  if they are so big , why i did n't met anyone ? 
  no leaflet , no ad , ever . 
  they are small organizations , but collectively they are a huge bunch in these parts of europe . 
  there are most likely more than a thousand members in poland in total . 
   give me examples of `` educated people '' in my country that were part of university 's fraternity . 
  from the top of my head , ignacy mo\u015bcicki , your president . 
   considering how much you are touching yourself talking about them - i beg to differ . 
  touching myself ? 
  what are you on about ? 
   yeah , fraternities are idiotic . 
  your defense of them is too . 
  why are they idiotic ? 
  you do n't have any interaction with them , do n't know any of their members , nor anything about them at all apparently , yet you call them idiotic ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  where did you get such a bias ? 
   you are arguing that there is some kind of `` fraternities subculture '' in many countries , when there is none ( in context of universities ) . 
  how can you be arguing against it ? 
  do n't you really know what a subculture is ? 
   that you need some kind of group of people that is validating you on every step . 
  when in my life did i need that ? 
   if they would n't be weird , cultish and/or unnecessary they would be all over the place . 
  actual science clubs , sport clubs and hobby clubs exists by dozens in every university - fraternies not . 
  why are they cultish ? 
  why are the unnecessary ? 
  why would they be all over the place ? 
  are all organizations mass organizations in your mind ? 
  there is a small number of fraternities active at most polish universities i presume . 
  for example my university in estonia had more than 15 of them with close to a thousand active members . 
   yeah ... about that - maybe you should research meaning behind them . 
  the meaning comes from german landsmannschafts that started this tradition . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  they think that fraternities do n't exist because they do n't interact with them . 
  i show them examples of fraternities in their own country - people who i have personally interacted with , sometimes groups of thousands of people if not tens of thousands . 
  educated people , professors etc. 
  and yet they do n't believe ... we currently have several fraternity members as ministers in the government ... one of nato defense ministers is a fraternity member . 
  there 's nothing cultish about it . 
  for an actual member of such an organization , all of your reaction here is absolutely absurd . 
   but you are fixated on them like they are almost god given . 
  you claim they do n't exist . 
  i show you evidence that they do exist . 
  you claim that i am fixated on them like they are almost god given . 
  is n't that just plain idiotic ? 
   my loss ? 
  no , not at all . 
  i do n't need some kind of weird circlejerk of fraternity ( that the more you talk about them the more cultish they look , especially looking at names you mentioned ) for self validation . 
  for self validation ? 
  what the hell do you mean ? 
  and if you have n't interacted with them , how the hell can you say they are weird ?
