  what has peace time got to do with it ? 
  it does n't change the law !, 
  also there was a long guerrilla war here . 
   occupation becomes annexation after the war is over . 
  lol that 's not how international law works , people !, 
  again , ** international law ** !!!, 
  it did n't exist in that form back then . 
  more than the person , who has actually studied it ? 
  read about the [ state continuity of the baltic states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_continuity_of_the_baltic_states ) . 
  it was either the soviets or the nazis and most found the nazis to be better . 
  wonder why , and it was not because the nazis were cool guys ... 
  they were better than the soviets , that 's why . 
   why fucking believe what you are saying ? 
  because it 's the position of the international community . 
   crimea is russia , majority of population is russian , speaks russian , feels russian and almost everything in city resembles russian culture . 
  majority population = / = ownership !, 
   it takes much more than a few decades to erase every sign of local culture and repopulate it with people who would feel , speak and support russia , russians never managed to do it in baltics . 
  neither did they in crimea . 
  the crimean tatars strongly opposed the russian invasion . 
   yes it would be ` rightful russian clay ' , why the fuck not ? 
  this is a sick world view . 
   and now it was taken from them . 
  giving a gift is legal , taking it is illegal . 
  why do i have to explain this to you ? 
   well why did n't estonia get what it deserved ? 
  to be dismantled for helping nazis in ww2 . 
  dude , you just do n't know history . 
  the soviets invaded us first and committed atrocities here . 
  then nazis came , obviously did n't care about estonia 's independence , but some estonians wanted to fight against the bigger evil - the soviets and joined nazi ranks . 
  eventually estonians were told either to join the estonian ss-division or be shot . 
  of course they joined . 
  after the war the us congress declared that the estonian and latvian ss-divisions were not movements hostile to the us because they were `` separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss '' . 
  they were even chosen as guards at the nuremberg trials . 
  now tell me more about estonians `` deserving it '' ... 
  you do n't know much . 
   unilaterally declaring independence breaches the international law on territorial integrity  this is illogical . 
  if your interpretation would apply , then we could erase the right to self determination from legal textbooks ... 
  the yalta agreement had no legal effect on us ... 
   how long was poland nazi for 5 minutes ? 
  are you serious ? 
   how long was estonia a soviet baltic state ? 
  70 years ? 
  why are you arguing when you lack basic knowledge ? 
   technically illegal occupation according to international law that occurred between 1945 and 1990 . 
  how does that sound familiar ... how was that an illegal occupation ? 
  that 's not how international law works . 
   not from a reich perspective  indeed irrelevant as international law is above domestic law in this issue . 
  for example the allied occupation of germany was legal . 
  and it 's not about perspective - the international community and academic literature define it usually . 
  an imperialist dictatorship is a helluva menace . 
  they did n't cease to exist legally . 
  read about their diplomats and how many states refused to give out their property to the ussr and how they restored their independence , not declare independence again . 
  read up !, 
  sure , but lenna is pronounced quite differently from lena . 
  there is enough of interesting activities for any taste for at least three days , i ca n't imagine what boring activities you must have been doing then . 
  indeed , i know , but because there is an - s suffix so often , then it sounds like words almost always end with an s. 
  i think we want to be ourselves culturally , just like any dane , swede or finn . 
  we might rather claim that we have strong scandinavian influences in our culture . 
   why you skandi people have no humor ... 
  i 'm not sure who you meant by that . 
  also , could it also be that jokes work differently with people of different backgrounds ? 
  and even if it was a joke and i chuckled , why not point out how ridiculous the claim was ? 
  did i ? 
  in our consciousness i think that 's exactly how it is - some names are `` russian names '' and some are `` swedish names '' and some are `` estonian names '' and some are just generally `` foreign names '' . 
  who says i get offended when i point out hypocrisies , inconsistencies or flat out mistakes ? 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the original map portrayed us as russians , although we are not russians , not even indo-europeans . 
  yet when i made an analogy that was supposed to be just as stupid and compare you with another unrelated group , you think it 's `` hard to find any resemblance '' ??? 
  dude , that 's the point !, 
  the analogy is supposed to be just as stupid !, 
  and why do you think that ? 
  because i made an analogy that is supposed to be just as stupid as the original comparison ? 
  it is a macro ethnic group though . 
  the term `` indo-europeans '' does exist , you know . . 
  rather arbitrary way of defining geographical regions , do n't you think ? 
  :d did you consider ireland eastern european when it was still poor ? 
  and what is the arbitrary degree of wealth we should have for us to be northern european in your book ? 
  i mean , the economies of post-socialist countries have grown a lot in recent decades and many are ahead of some of the southern european countries , 
  it 's weird , i may not be triggered , i just like arguing and this is a good topic . 
  i rather really ask questions and wait for why the person would think so . 
  the reason is very often a general lack of knowledge about these parts of europe and a mild cold war era bias . 
  yeah , i get that , but there are people ready to defend that position , even though they really have never been to these parts of europe . 
  perhaps because it happens more often . 
  really ? 
  why do you think so ? 
  except the portuguese and spaniards are actually alike , unlike estonians and russians ... 
  i may be aware , i was just offering an analogy that would sum up how off that initial comparison was . 
  well then you look moroccan ... 
  nordic countries = / = northern europe , baby . 
   the nordics do n't acknowledge you as such yet if you look at the facts then estonia is pretty much a nordic country . 
  there are very few reasons to consider finland a nordic country and estonia not . 
   nor do the europeans . 
  the same europeans , who ca n't point to estonia on a map , ca n't distinguish between east and north and who ca n't distinguish between the terms northern europe and nordic countries ? 
  yeah , big deal ... 
   must be the russian dna ( now i 'm in real trouble ) rather random , although a good way to unnecessarily insult an estonian . 
   how am i biased ? 
  because you put the word `` occupation '' into brackets , making it look like you are questioning that there was an occupation . 
   you were an integral part of it illegally occupied . 
  please study history and international law before going further . 
   just like the other states that formed it `` form '' means from the beginning , which were only 4 ssrs .
