  the others are all northern germanic languages , yet nordic countries include at least one more nation and should include estonia as well . 
  you are fooling yourself if you claim that estonia has very little to do with the other nordic countries . 
  read up about it [ here ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) . 
  i did n't say we are closer to norway than to latvia . 
  i think the closeness order in estonia goes finland  latvia  sweden  denmark  norway/lithuania/iceland . 
  oh , wannabe - what a deep argument ... 
  good . 
  i 've always supported showing love to thieves and robbers instead of punishments , even if they get to hold stolen possessions . 
  because some people in the west are corrupt , they think corruption should be their state policy as well ... 
  oh boy , i do start to wonder whether it 's not sarcasm anymore ... 
   anyway half looks retarded , the other girl looks ok . lol :d  first one is a shithole , the second one is a shithole . 
  who cares really that only makes poland a religious shithole , you know , 
   we never use english to communicate with fellow estonians oh the irony as i 'm writing this   russia wo n't go anywhere , and considering it 's a giant country with quite a lot of speakers , they 're not too likely to all learn english . 
  that indeed , however if it continues to seal itself in , then we will have less and less interaction with them . 
  i think it 's a direct translation from both finnish and estonian . 
  however , have you heard of the term finnic instead ? 
   you guys are shitty imposters . 
  we are perhaps . 
  our women are the most beautiful in the world , but we are n't pulling our weights with vodka . 
   fuck your bear-alike looking women . 
  triggered . 
  have [ a look ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jhvdbbuscg ) at how wrong you were !, 
  :d  maybe its just that i dont care enough to remember that 's ... really not something to brag about !, 
   anyway , you guys are the same . 
  you are now mixing up baltic and balkan :p, 
   p.s. 
  repping eastern europe , someone has to do it . 
  i 'm quite sure you 'd get the same result if you only showed tallinn separately from the rest of estonia ... 
  as the second one ? 
  perhaps no , perhaps it will . 
  it really depends on how strongly the future youths think of speaking russian in the society . 
  relations with russia itself have almost diminished by now and if they more or less refuse to speak russian with estonian russians , then there really is no real use for it , speaking from my own experience . 
  the question is rather - is german prevalent enough ? 
   we are all powered by vodka , and our women are beautiful . 
  that 's not endemic to slavs :d  its the eesti can not into scandi joke yet you do seem like a person , who has troubles with these concepts . 
  nobody in estonia thinks that estonia is scandinavia . 
  it 's about the nordic countries , even the meme is officially `` estonia can not into nordic '' . 
   you reacted so agressively , it hurt you deep inside ;p right above that part in the brain , where my geography knowledge is stored . 
   next time i see you  you better bring your own towel because we ai n't borrowing !, 
  that indeed , i think for estonians it goes northern europe  finnic  nordic  northeastern european  baltic  eastern european . 
   you can be whatever you want snowflake  do n't get your sarcasm here . 
  you used the term incorrectly , i reacted ...  makes conversations interesting , and estonians mildly bothered  that 's level 4 on how to annoy an estonian . 
  to get to level 5 you either need to ask us whether estonians speak russian as their first language or you have to say something bad about saunas . 
   you guys are finns but worse ? 
  worse how ? 
  :d both estonians and finns are finnic = baltic finnic . 
   for the sake of simplicity i just throw everything in one box , its not like im writing a scientific paper here . 
  for the sake of simplicity all slavs are the same , 
  i would say i 've used german a lot more , simply because of the aforementioned political reasons . 
  and that as a person , who has lived in majority russian areas all my life . 
   im not going to say baltic states with baltic people and the holy state of estonia yet saying that estonia is one of the baltic states may be incorrect in its origin and meaning , but at least it 's conventional . 
  estonians as baltic people or balts is not conventional , it 's just incorrect . 
   and wikipedia says youre baltic finnic . 
  baltic finnic = finnic . 
  finland is also finnic = baltic finnic . 
  baltic and baltic finnic have nothing to do with each other besides the etymology of these terms . 
   and you guys are in one box ah , that nice geographical oversimplification ...  with a `` balts of baltic states '' description so we are latvians or lithuanians now ? 
  apparently we have already , if you look at the wide usage of the term ... 
  that indeed , however convention comes to play and i think you 'd get odd looks if you called germany or denmark baltic . 
  i understand that as well . 
  it 's long-lasting incorrect convention and geographic oversimplification . 
  dear lithuanian . 
  i am appalled by the ignorance here . 
  please open the same wikipedia , write in `` balts '' and press enter ... 
  i never argued with that . 
  i mean , a synonym for finnic people is baltic finns , so the sea can definitely have an effect on naming . 
  and i guess i would rather understand calling 4 countries baltic , with 2 finnic nations and 2 balts , but with finland out of this grouping , it becomes much more an ethnic and cultural grouping as well , which it clearly is not , but the connotation remains . 
  oh god , estonians are not balts ... 
  the problems with russian that may arise are not about knowing the language , it 's a political will not to speak russian . 
  you may get by in restaurants or stores , but if you want to approach a local , he or she may just turn their backs on you ... 
  the youth in estonia and latvia barely speak russian . 
  it 's the older generation and huge russian minorities . 
  even more geographical oversimplification than with estonia ... 
   with knowledge of russian [ ... ] you can get by basically in :  estonia considering many estonian youths will turn their backs at you for approaching them in russian , i do n't think you can by with russian as much as you think you can . 
  that 's not the topic of this map . 
   the people get the government they deserve . 
  that sentence is true only when there is n't a foreign occupation going on ... 
  indeed , rape is by no means a conventional punishment , and no matter who is the rape victim here , it is always a crime of its own . 
   and yet you consider that people who descend from immigrants do not deserved to be treated as full citizens . 
  where ? 
  where did i do that ??? 
   in many eu countries , there is a right to nationality by the soil in very few actually and even those with restrictions . 
   it 's been very well documented that people who have one native parent are culturally near-identical to natives . 
  indeed , they are usually quite well integrated and do n't possess an accent . 
   and your comment was way out of place , disproportionate , and unfair to our fellow citizens who have a foreign parent . 
  how ? 
  i basically countered all your arguments as made up !, 
   in a country where almost all terrorism comes from corsican and basque nationalists ? 
  and how real is that again ? 
  do you even live in the current world ?? 
   you 're replying to someone who says it 's ok to purge and arbitrarily detain people because they `` look like g\u00fcllists '' and makes an analogy to daesh militants . 
  and ??? 
  you still make stuff up !, 
   and then you say `` with daesh it 's not the same because they 're all linked to islam and immigrants '' , as if the fact that there was an alleged common thread ( which honestly is shit , daesh does not feed from the type of islam practiced in europe or even from salafism , it 's a completely different ideological animal that attracts people who are desperate and want to blow everything around them , but were n't even religious in the first place , see the theory of `` islamisation of radicalism '' ) justified arbitrary detention . 
  so you claim that the recent terrorists were n't muslims ? 
  talk about being subjective ...  being a muslim does not mean you should be at risk of arbitrary detention did i say so ??? 
   being a migrant 's son does not mean you should be at risk of arbitrary detention because other migrants ' sons are terrorists did i say so ??? 
   there was something extremely ambiguous in your reply to that nutjob above ** if it was ambiguous , then why do you assume the worst ??? 
  **  are somehow less deserving of due process i am a lawyer , how the heck do you assume i think they do n't deserve due process ? 
  the same was claimed by the soviet union , which destroyed and tried to destroy many ethnic groups ...
