  because one side is intelligent and appalled by the ignorance of the leave campaign ... 
  i do n't care about your citizenship , i care that you are relatively distant from this area so your rather obscure ( joke or not ) definition is rather irrelevant . 
  but russian population is centered on the same geographic latitudes than ukraine and belarus . 
  there is no need to call it northern europe , just stop making up your own concepts ...  ee you are and you 'll forever be , deal with it already and wash your tracksuit !, 
  and a random romanian has a say in this how ? 
  they are all ee if you divide europe into a geographical east and west and totally disregard the other two main geographical directions . 
  if you are a regular person and use 4 directions , then all of them are in northern europe . 
  you really think relations between finland and norway or denmark are deeper than those with estonia ? 
   no , poland just happens to be one of the largest eastern european countries and are the second largest group of immigrants in the uk either you have a problem with just poland or you intentionally pick random countries from your immigrant origin list to label them as bad ones . 
   estonia is essentially eastern europe for all intents and purposes especially if latvia is . 
  both estonia and latvia are northern european countries , i do n't know what you are talking about . 
   i 've no problem with eastern europe or eastern europeans , but i do not think they should have been included in the eu as they weakened the entire union because they were much poorer economically . 
  the fact is that unfiltered immigration from eastern to western europe has had a significant impact on all economies in the eu . 
  it 's benefited eastern european nations to a much higher degree than it has western europe . 
  i have no problem with immigration but i do n't see anything wrong with wanting a cap especially on unskilled work as a large proportion is . 
  i do n't really care if a teacher , nurse , doctor comes from whatever country or culture . 
  that is actually great to me . 
  what is n't really needed is unskilled labour . 
  they weakened the eu in a very short term as most other enlargements weakened the union in the beginning . 
  so what if they are poorer ? 
  they are not so much poorer now !, 
  none of the major problems in the eu have been about eastern europe , they have been about southern europe , so forget your pathetic bias !, 
  i would n't say immigration to western europe has that much benefited eastern europe ... and by what obscure standards are eastern european immigrants less skilled than immigrants from any other place ??? 
   probably not . 
  but you 're a bloody fool if you do n't think eastern european immigration has not caused a problem in the uk , it 's a major major reason that the brexit vote even happened . 
  it was essential to why it passed . 
  ( which by the way i did not vote for ) because you are racist and ignorant about both the eu and your own country . 
  you listen to goons that supported brexit and take their racist word for the truth . 
   how has it exactly ? 
  jesus , it 's unbelievable this conversation has stooped so low on the intellectual scale . 
  before their membership , these countries were in a very sharp and occasionally chaotic recovery period from the socialist times . 
  europe 's illegally enforced division into capitalist and socialist spheres was the worst thing that has ever happened to the continent ( all wars included ) and the fall of the ussr and its satellite governments the best thing that ever happened . 
  to cast them aside from the eu would mean uncertainty , an unnecessary uncontrolled and buffer zone , which would have been easily manipulable by russia . 
  it would have meant that these countries would remain poorer for much longer than they did now and many of their post-socialist reforms may have never happened . 
  the eu turned them from aid-receivers to aid-givers . 
  now please , read up about the history and cultures of these countries , read up about the history of europe , go and visit one of these countries once in a while , do n't just listen to unintelligent goons like farage and co and please , just stop embarrassing yourself with this unintelligent racist bias !, 
  i do believe you are a minority among finns with very little experience with and knowledge about estonia . 
  it 's actually northern europe , but you can include us in the eastern european group in certain economical and historical contexts . 
  only tourists and foreign exchange students celebrate it here . 
  some pubs may put out some decorations , but usually nobody cares . 
  you can easily not notice that it was the holloween today . 
  will you be asking how we celebrate the 4th of july next ? 
  i 'd be delighted to hear that and i would pretend that i understand something through that thick accent . 
  literally the quickest solution in the world . 
  [ may take just minutes ] ( https://e-estonia.com/component/e-business-register/ ) . 
  plus , you get to hear different people on television , which is also good . 
  angry monotone one voice guy ? 
  this is mostly because of vocal harmony , which estonian has lost . 
  or when the finnish military orders a * piiritys * ( `` siege '' ) of a town , then the estonian military sets out to distill some of their own * piiritus * ( `` moonshine '' ) . 
  that graph seems to imply that estonia is a baltic country through and through , while there 's relatively little connecting it to lithuania and less to latvia than to finland . 
  the relationship between estonian/finnish and hungarian is indeed very distant . 
  it 's like when you say that swedish and portuguese are related and expect to find something common in the two languages . 
  * hallitus * is `` government '' in finnish , but `` mold '' in estonian , 
  i did n't really know about that nor have i ever not understood finnish numbers as they are the simplest thing about the language . 
  but still , as a general rule estonians drop the word endings far more than finns do . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dubbing_films_in_europe1.png ) is a neat map !, 
  subtitles definitely . 
  well i would n't call observer members as members . 
  otherwise , the us is a member of the council of europe , who just ca n't vote on anything lol . 
  just look at the [ names for numbers ] ( http://www.omniglot.com/language/numbers/finnic.htm ) in finnic languages and you 'll see how similar estonian and finnish ones are . 
  core words are usually very similar , but words for the society and technology may be quite different . 
  the two have followed very different vocabulary policies , estonian has through ages adopted a lot of [ germanic loans ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/estonian_vocabulary.png ) , while finnish has constructed its own . 
  i guess i can understand about 30 % of what is being said in spoken finnish and 50 % in written language . 
  with simpler texts such as news articles , where you get the context easily , the intelligibility in written language can reach about 70 % for me . 
  estonian may be more difficult for finns to understand because they have less contact with the language , less historical interaction ( finnish television in northern estonia during the soviet occupation ) plus colloquial estonian mashes word endings together quite a lot . 
  for example the word `` thirty '' , in written language is * kolmk\u00fcmmend * ( `` three of tens '' ) , but in spoken language it can be * kolgend * . 
  well , if you have a decent 4g connection , then you have to find some really thick forest to find no internet whatsoever . 
  it already is essentially a nordic country , it 's just not a member of the nordic council . 
  [ this guy ... ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/imuqnp96sdhye/giphy.gif ), 
  constitutions are different , preambles are different . 
  a preamble should only state general principles and not the main functioning of the state . 
  so you have a problem with poland . 
  do you know that there are some countries in this `` eastern europe '' where you have mere thousands of immigrants from ? 
  that is way less than from many western european countries ...  i get that you 're from eastern europe well , no , i am from northern europe , but it 's obvious you have a cold war era mentality and divide europe to eastern and western parts only , and include some of eastern europe like finland and greece into western europe for reasons ...  eastern european countries are much poorer than western european nations yeah , and after accepting them into the eu , they have become considerably richer and the whole continent has therefore become considerably richer . 
  it 's ridiculous how many of you have a problem with eastern european immigrants , yet are totally ok with people from very different cultures ...  the controversy it has caused there is no bloody controversy here ...  the inclusion of eastern european nations has destabilised the eu more than any other expansion . 
  sure , but it has strongly stabilized the continent which is far more important . 
  some homophobic groups and some groups , who are very racist towards almost anyone other than northern europeans . 
  both are mostly restricted to rural and less educated people though . 
   under `` a permanent threat of being conquered in 24 hours by russia '' . 
  that thing has been around for centuries . 
  ca n't say it affects our daily lives that much , we are rather used to it . 
  some homophobic and anti-immigrant groups are much louder i presume . 
  plus , his comment mentioned estonia having the least religious fanatics on average and you selected estonia and brought up a defense issue ... 
  apparently mixing up law and politics is very simple . 
   never thought of it as brown . 
  yeah i do n't think most foreigners think that either . 
  indeed . 
  it is totally forgetting the other one . 
  - estonia can not into nordic !, 
  - we speak russian / are russians/slavs . 
  - there is free internet everywhere !, 
  - we are cold in temper . 
  we have ~ ~ two ~ ~ one possibility . 
  [ unless ... ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/news/politics/74ac2e2b-78f8-470b-a993-6c21dd7ba174/latvian-military-invasion-plans-leaked ), 
  oh that sleepy me . 
  basically the freedom to roam as in everywhere that is n't gated off , only exists in that form in the nordic and baltic countries . 
  well , the document protecting certain groups should first and foremost state that it is the document which is intended to have such power in the first place . 
  no they are pretty stable economically , a lot more stable than southern european countries . 
  they may be poorer , but not unstable . 
  plus several of them are richer now than some southern european states .
