  also in estonian , where it 's saksamaa ( saxon land ) . 
   it is a scandinavian country , but it 's not in scandinavia . 
  ok i understand that difference , although i would still differentiate the scandinavian peninsula and call iceland also scandinavia . 
   is australia part of britain , for example ? 
  nope . 
  but it 's just as british as scotland or wales - ethnically ( culturally , linguistically etc. ) . 
  that may indeed be true . 
   it definitely would since one would only care about countries . 
  finland would n't be a country if it was \u00d6sterland , the 1/3 eastern part of sweden . 
  then the cultural ( the defining ) scandinavian border would be inside the swedish state, 
  it 's absolutely silly for me that iceland is n't considered a scandinavian country . 
  finland would n't be called part of scandinavia even then , stop making things up !, 
  it is the complete explanation . 
  if there is an ethnic group , then that 's how regions should be named after - scandinavians and balts both exclude finland and estonia , however nordic countries also include finnic nations of that area . 
  well , in the absolute broadest terms perhaps , but the real swedish populated area never reached over a couple of what nowadays can be considered parishes . 
  they were sill a small minority here , while they are by large the majorities in iceland and the faroe islands . 
  yet finland also is n't a scandinavian country because its majority and indigenous population are non-northern germanic people . 
  it 's not like we would go anywhere :d, 
  so disregard your argument and create a new argument `` just because '' ? 
  and i agree that denmark is not on the scandinavian peninsula , but it 's still in scandinavia as it 's a north germanic country . 
  you lack logic - why is estonia baltic and denmark and sweden are not then ? 
  barely , but what do they have to do with the topic in hand ? 
  cyprus is not geographically in europe , but closely associated with the continent . 
   since they follow everything germany says and never opposes it not if it 's about warming up german-russian economic or oil/gas relations ... plus we do n't fully agree with merkel 's refugee policy either . 
  there are older russian old believer communities in estonia as well , yet the ethnicity thing still applies . 
  denmark is a scandinavian country as danes speak a north germanic ( i.e. 
  scandinavian ) language . 
  neither is denmark , your argument is still invalid !, 
  i do n't think anyone can change their ethnicity , if you are born to ethnic swedish parents then you will be an ethnic swede until the end of your life , no matter if you 've ever seen your parents or even heard swedish language spoken . 
  your place of residence than takes precedence on who you will determine yourself , for finland it would be a finnicized swede . 
  a third aspect is nationality , so in total you have 1 ) ethnicity , 2 ) permanent residence , 3 ) nationality which can all vary . 
  but of course that kind of understanding varies by person and by state ( in estonia almost nobody would consider a child of two russian parents an ethnic estonian , no matter how well he or she speaks estonian ) . 
   maybe estonia would be a nordic country if it had n't been occupied by soviet union . 
  i think it 's supporting a crime when you let an illegal occupation change the status of something like that . 
  you are talking about the fennoscandian peninsula , which is not a peninsula of russia ( a geopolitical unit ) , but europe or eurasia ( geographical units ) . 
  but still , how does that support your argument ? 
  it would literally be the most ridiculous referendum ever . 
  / r/europe has made me love romanian humour !, 
  yes , there is a special term for that baltic finns , which includes the finns and is a synonym to finnic peoples . 
  however neither baltic germans , nor estonians , nor finns can be called just baltic as only latvians and lithuanians are baltic . 
  a peninsula of russia ... 
  i see we are now making stuff up . 
  but finland still lies on the baltic sea , so why would n't your logic apply for finland too ? 
  that means they are finnicized swedes and influenced as much ? 
  well no , nobody claims that , however why would one draw the nordic-not nordic border between estonia and finland if estonia is also a finnic nation and has been influenced by sweden and denmark quite a lot , you can read about them [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3vu001/religion_in_estonia_2011_1600x2051/cxrw1k0 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ), 
  that is better i guess because it 's quite often people presume that estonians are balts as well , because `` they look the same on the map '', 
  then this is n't particularly helping - if someone claims estonia is considered baltic because it 's at the shore of the baltic sea , then the same must apply for other countries bordering the sea . 
  all finns are finnic , how do you not get this ? 
  or do you mean not all finnish nationals are finnic because that 's a whole different issue not worth discussing here as it 's logical that every country has minorities of a broad ethnic background . 
  and estonia shares many of the same swedish influences . 
   arbitrarily defined groups . 
  rather unexplained statement , do n't you think ? 
  finns are not germanic and i would correct the person , who makes a mistake like that . 
  nobody claimed we are scandinavians - nordic countries and scandinavia are different concepts after all ... and if someone thinks we are a russian province , then that person only portrays his or her lack of knowledge . 
  i already answered most of this question [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4skjm9/europe_according_to_italians/d5adk5v ) if we are not a baltic people , then what makes us a baltic state ? 
  and if you say common history and lutheran background , then why do you consider lithuania a baltic state ? 
   as long as your economic , political and social situation is generally the same as ours . 
  so if we all advance to higher economic levels than scandinavia , then we would be labeled together because of reasons ? 
   it just makes you an advanced baltic state , the richest of the three . 
  that 's all fine , but what makes us a `` baltic '' state anyway ?? 
  like the russian * pribaltika * which sometimes has negative stigmas in the three states . 
  however then you have to call sweden , poland and finland also * pobaltsk\u00e9 zem\u011b * , do n't you ? 
  ( i already know the answer to that ), 
  mythology , island culture , more common ties with scandinavia ( yule traditions , historical swedish minorities ) , self designation as slow and cold people etc. 
  thing is that i am not arguing we do n't have some similarities with latvia ( both historically lutherans , almost identical history etc , baltic german influence ) , rather than we have almost nothing in common with lithuania , which makes the idea of the three baltic states absurd . 
  either estonia and latvia are in the same bunch due to almost identical history , yet different ethnic background and some cultural traits , or latvia and lithuania are in the same group due to ethnic background , yet different religious background and history . 
  all three together is just pushing it . 
  minorities should not have such rights over their children , that 's outside their minority rights . 
  i mean , if someone called you germanic , would n't you correct them ? ` i do n't get the downvotes , i do n't see the insecurity , i do n't possess any superiority over latvia or lithuania , yet people have a problem with me correcting a mistake on ethnic grouping ... and estonia is widely identified as a very tech-savvy nation already , so we 've got that going for us !, 
  why would i call the hungarians nordic ? 
  do i call italians nordic because they are as distantly related to scandinavians ? 
  finland is considered to be a nordic country and estonia is just as finnic as finland , so why should n't estonia be considered a nordic country ? 
   finnic people , living in the baltic area . 
  applies for finland as well , yet you do n't call finland baltic ... 
  baltic assembly is a relatively unimportant cooperation group between the parliaments of the three states - the nordic council for example has a wider purpose . 
  however us participating ( or starting ) the singing revolution is the direct result of the perestroika and cooperation between the three states derives from the fact that all three were similarly illegally occupied by the soviet union and were equally anti-soviet and their resistance movements had achieved to push independence claims to relatively the same distance , so cooperation between the three was suiting if not seriously stupid to miss . 
  and again you seem to provide the same kind of insulting arguments : - if you cooperate with the baltic states then you must be part of the baltic states ; - if you do n't want to be part of the baltic states then you think better of yourselves and do n't want to be friends anymore ... 
  i seriously do n't understand why you enter with such arguments ... 
  if you mean by what you see on the streets - then this is the direct result of the soviet occupation and economic recovery . 
  you probably did n't interact with estonians about their culture that much , otherwise you 'd take your words back . 
  i do n't understand how not considering estonia baltic would `` stroke my nationalist ego '' . 
  if someone calls you slavic , do n't you correct them ? 
  and does n't it bother you when someone tells you `` what 's wrong with being slavic '' if you are clearly not ? 
  anything that disagrees ? 
  me :  but estonians do n't consider themselves baltic people and neither do n't most finns i 've met , why do foreigners insist on it ? 
  you :  so you 're admitting that there 's a possibility that most estonians are n't ethnic finnic settlers , but balts who adopted a finno-ugric language ? 
  how is that not a strawman ? 
  i study in tartu , but i probably have to leave for work back to tallinn . 
  why do you ask ? 
  from a legal point of view - if you break possession without the approval of the previous possessor , it 's theft unless the thing has n't been stolen from you just a moment ago . 
  oh boy , i have n't encountered such a random strawman yet . 
  this might be true for latvians by the way as finnic people inhabited most of modern latvia as well in the years before our time , but baltic people pushed north and the local finnic people * balticized * . 
  i am aware of that because people lacking knowledge about estonia see the three with a similar size on the map and think we are the same . 
  plus ignorant people have cold war era stigmas and wo n't let go ... 
  but estonians do n't consider themselves baltic people and neither do n't most finns i 've met , why do foreigners insist on it ? 
  if a romanian is slavic or turkic then that person is not an ethnic romanian , but may be a romanian national . 
  ethnicity = / = nationality , plus how does that relate to an ambiguous region without a common nationality ? 
  nice insult there for no apparent reason - do you also call swedes and germans baltic ? 
  to be quite fair , you are 100 % correct here . 
  estonians are to be called baltic because they live by the baltic sea , yet swedes , poles , germans etc.
