   more on par with baltics than western europe , which were n't really that much behind the rest anyway . 
  * guugeldama * - to search something on the internet ( from google ) * \u017eilett * - razor ( from gillette ) * koka * - any kind of black lemonade , i.e. 
  cola * d\u017eiip * - any kind of offroadish car ( from jeep ), 
   now the iron curtian divide on the other hand . . 
  this was an unnatural change though . 
  generally either some northern or that protestant work ethic does leave a mark . 
  i 've never seen someone wearing a baseball cap with such formal attire . 
  all previous church records were destroyed in the great northern war in the early 1700s . 
  however up to that time i had one baltic german lineage and the rest were estonians from all over , so it 's pretty safe to assume that it goes back to the time estonians inhabited the area , most likely 3000 bc . 
  8-12 in a regular salon in tallinn . 
   well than you might consider reading about the ideas you are ranting about jesus f. christ - i know plenty about this sick ideology !, 
  they sure do n't ...  i know enough communists who got chased away from the east to differ . 
  good that these unintelligent people leave us . 
  basically just * olema * ( to be ) and * minema * ( to go ) . 
  yeah a lot of them are finns , but there is a greater variety of them nowadays . 
  they are n't all stag parties ... 
   people need to take jobs for the economy to work , and to make money , to buy food . 
  but you are not forced to take * that * job . 
  stop making shit up !, 
  officially yes , but almost nobody carries them with them . 
  friday night in the old town : 1 estonian per every 4 tourists . 
   mine has n't . 
  there 's an easy fix ...  do n't say taking a job is voluntarily . 
  erm , yes it is . 
   we need to take jobs , otherwise we fall out of society you do n't need to take the lower job that you are qualified for . 
  at least not lower by far . 
   and without the working class the system collapses class is a social construct , remember ? 
  if there are no rich people , then there will be new rich people . 
  if there are no workers , then there will be new workers ... 
  the market will make sure of that . 
   you do n't find it unethical ? 
  to pay people ~ ~ unfairly ~ ~ ? 
  no , i do n't find it ethical to pay people for their work . 
  it is you , who construes this as unfair , while it 's perfectly fair to me . 
   because the worker did all the work ? 
  again with your narrow point of view ...  but what about inheritance ? 
  and the inheritor gives the worker the chance to earn money ... 
  the worker should be either grateful for this opportunity or find a new job ...  but what about it being a minor investment they could have afforded to loose ? 
   i do n't consider it an economic risk unless the loss of it would be catastrophical . 
  it 's not up to you to say that the money is n't an economic risk for that person !, 
  people live different lives , you do n't know where he had plans to put this money to . 
   we have no option than to take the jobs that are , if you have n't noticed it , there is a lack of jobs all over europe . 
  depends where you are . 
  some 5 % unemployment rate is quite normal . 
  and if you ca n't find a job with that rate , then the blame is utterly on you . 
   the profit has . 
  without you , there would be another worker . 
  without the owner , there would be no business . 
  stop making the worker more important than he is ...  `` know your place ! '', 
  screamed the estonian who often argues against the authoritarianism of the ussr . 
  i am literally arguing against a person , who wants to take money away from its owners , but suddenly i 'm the hypocrite ...  because there are parralles . 
  like what ? 
  property existed in both societies ? 
   so humans are n't entitled to their labours worth in your eyes ? 
  this particular human already gets his money as provided by the contract . 
  plus , almost every nation has their own minimum wage , which stipulates that you can not pay a person less for the job as this amount . 
   only what is them dictated , or what they can compromise themselves to ? 
  who dictates ? 
  it is your own free will that you work there , do n't play a victim here ... 
  you are right in that sense , i did n't notice that you hinted towards it . 
  and as for your other point - it is too often that they are also apologetic for the ussr , meaning they barely get why this ideology is wrong in the first place . 
  i remember i was once home alone and made this . 
  they turned out to be [ caraway seeds ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?q=caraway+seeds&amp;rlz=1c1ggrv_enee752ee752&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjl__fh14jvahxjmlqkhthrblaq_auicigb&amp;biw=1048&amp;bih=1052 ) . 
  i * was * disappointed ... 
   `` college freshman '' college students in western europe tend to be extremely left-wing . 
  i have so often met pro-communists or soviet apologists even - people , who have never lived under communism , people , whose countries have never experienced communism , but they feel smart enough to try to convince communism is good for people , whose countries still bear many scars from that era . 
  i do n't really notice user names . 
  and still , the more reason i have to call you self-entitled ... work hard , be an asset , take risks , and then you are entitled to what you earn yourself . 
   but sometimes that is laughably little in comparison to what they produce . 
  i.e good enterprise . 
  i 'd congratulate the owner . 
   you can produce things selling for 100 euro , while only getting paid 10 euro for it . 
  why are you entitled to more than 10 euros for it ? 
   somebody who has done 0 work how do you know that ? 
  zero physical work ? 
  for that single final produce , perhaps . 
  but what about all the preparations ? 
  what about the investment risk ? 
  you ca n't really be so narrow-minded , can you ? 
   ** but you are hired ** by someone who does 0 work for the profits i think you are missing the key point ...  and do n't get paid accordingly . 
  then find another job . 
  if you ca n't , then you are not qualified for a higher-paid job . 
   so if your work gives 90 euros to somebody else , while only 10 to you , you think it is fair . 
  what is fair and what is not has nothing to do with the price of the product . 
   what if it is the only job you can get , and you were practically forced to take it ? 
  then you are not qualified for a better job - it means you should stop complaining !, 
   it is actually a fairly liberal idea erm , no . 
   people were tired of only getting a small share of the crops they grew you are mixing up feudalism with modern day land ownership ... back then the rich aristocracy owned basically all of the land and the people , who lived in their villages , had no land . 
  nowadays it is a lot more equal , plus land tax makes sure that every piece of land is useful for the society . 
  oh gosh , it has to be tallinn . 
  the tallinn = estonia sentiment is definitely apparent here . 
  at least we do n't have grammatical genders , not even gender-specific pronouns . 
  14 times singular , 14 times plural , both with some double forms , then also diminutive . 
  for example the word * koer * ( `` dog '' ) : singlular : - koer , koera , koera ( different pronunciation ) , koera/koerasse , koeras , koerast , koerale , koeral , koeralt , koeraks , koerani , koerana , koerata , koeraga . 
  plus in a sentence you need to declinate all the preceding adjectives as well , for example * ilus v\u00e4ike koer * ( `` beautiful small dog '' ) becomes * ilusaks v\u00e4ikseks koeraks * . 
  i ca n't really stand communists , those self-entitled college freshmen ... 
   because they do all the work ? 
  and they get money for it . 
  as much as they agreed upon . 
   would you take care of a whole farm , and then only get a tiny share of the profit ?
