  if a country is hostile and you remove your forces from the region to `` cool things down '' . 
  do you think this will really cool things down ? 
  more likely the hostile dictator will use the weak situation in his advantage and invade while he can and seal the deal by securing the new borders . 
  then confrontation may begin at a new , much further front . 
  yeah , luckily , but the uk still seems to be one of the few . 
  not threatening the west with nuclear war = western puppet . 
  apparently . . 
  i was just skeptical , looking at the other comments ... 
   so is nato wtf ... all but turkey recently are very democratic states . 
   with a much longer track record of ilegal wars . 
  iraq war was illegal , yet still against a hostile totalitarian dictator . 
  which other nato war has been illegal ? 
   but russia did n't atack estonia . 
  dude open your eyes and look a little further ... and you did n't answer me - why did you write in russian ?? 
   this is such a childish reply . 
  why so ? 
  appeasement does n't work with hostile dictators !, 
  history has proven this !, 
   you do seem to foregt that the eu had growing trade and much better relations with russia over the last 10-15yrs yeah , all the while russia kept suppressing its democracy . 
   until someone intervened in ukraine after trillions in oil and gas was found under the black sea . . oh you really ca n't be that thick . 
   the region is of little relevance , if the war starts its nato against the russians perhaps , but if russia conquers the baltic states , it is really difficult for nato to conquer them back . 
  plus russia may threaten with nuclear weapons and some more appeasing idiot nato rulers may not want to interfere . 
  that 's why military deterrence is the way to go !, 
   they dont really have any superiority at all . 
  they really really do in `` that little region '' . 
   nah , its the other way around . . how can you be that thick ?? 
   nato has been expanding for years wonder why , if you look at russia 's behavior . .  everytime another satelitte state joined it gave more power to the voting area filled with hate have you ever stopped to wonder why this part of the world may think so of russia ? 
   a bit like the eurovision song contest really . 
  how the heck is this even relevant here ? 
  well , estonia has been one of the most active nato members since it joined . 
  hey , leave room for sealand !, 
   because you are from estonia . 
  you really strike me with your lack of intelligence . 
   no yet . 
  it very much is . 
   imagine if it were , jeesh but why imagine a stupid scenario ? 
  russia is a hostile dictatorship . 
  it coming closer to any democratic country is a threat . 
  on the other hand russia is a threat to its democratic neighbors as well , that 's why nato forces are needed as a deterrence here . 
  should the us attack mexico , then russian troops coming there after mexican invitation , would be ok .  there is no reason to thing russia will atack estonia . 
  lol . 
   when the conflict in ukrain started russia strenghtened its borders , and was acused of provocation , now hoe stupid id that . 
  what ?? 
  seriously , so thick ?? 
  or acting as if it has any bigger hostile neighbors themselves ... 
  and you seem to live in a fairy tale world that would work out great if you just got along with everybody ... 
  appeasement led us to world war ii , remember ? 
   i dont see many of those evil russians asking for troop build ups , more missile bases , more bombs , weapons because they already have a vast superiority in this region ...  and provocation it 's russian provocation to begin with , nato just answers that provocation . 
   so to be more easely understoob by you . 
  wtf . . why do you think i speak russian ? 
   whel imagine russian troop build up in mexico 1 . 
  russia is a dictatorship . 
  mexico is n't asking for russian troops . 
  mexico gets along with the us . 
  there is no reason to think that the us will attack mexico . 
   as it stands nato acuses russia of provocation every time a tank moves within russia . 
  you really do n't seem to know much ... 
  you just do n't get the concept of military deterrence ? 
  not sure if you tried to be sarcastic or not , but that 's true . 
  why speak russian ? 
  and why do you think this is a provocation ? 
  if you regress any further , you could reclaim doggerland . 
  dude ... 
  how can people be that thick in the head ? 
  they are coming here to avoid a conflict , not create one !, 
  yeah , let 's vote for the lols and then complain we have a bad leadership . 
  real mature . 
  no , hate is a very logical thing when it 's rational . 
  hate keeps our guard up . 
   because hate is irrational that 's just not true . 
   and his people did not explicitly say that . 
   how is life living with fo much hate ? 
  and so much fear ? 
  quite like yours ? 
   calling it rational fear makes it acceptable ... 
  it is acceptable when it 's rational . 
  jesus f. christ , get the context !, 
  no , i said `` has been invading '' and it fits perfectly . 
   because russia has n't invaded estonia in a very long time and definitely is not invading . 
  considering it invaded us in 1940 and 1944 and illegally occupied estonia until 1991 , i would n't say they have n't invaded us in a very long time ... 
   i just dont see who benefits from a war . 
  and that 's why we need nato forces here as a deterrence . 
  i heard you liked medieval coats of arms , so here 's the [ greater coat of arms of tallinn ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/tallinn_greater_coatofarms.png ) , estonia . 
  ( and here is the [ lesser coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0e/coat_of_arms_of_tallinn_\\ ( small \\ ) . svg/2000px-coat _ of_arms_of_tallinn _ \\ ( small \\ ) . svg.png ) ), 
  they created [ this hill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/szcz\u0119\u015bliwicka_hill ) . 
  i remember going there a few years ago . 
  russia is by far the champion in this . 
   the takeover in crimea was welcomed . 
  welcomed = / = legal . 
   also imported russians are in the baltic states oh we know . .  honestly an invasion on a nato member is not going to happen so you can relax . 
  i am quite relaxed , but pretending that there are n't several times more russian paratroopers behind our borders than there are our and allied soldiers in our countries , is just plain dumb !, 
  it 's always funny when brainwashed russians bring in their misinformed out of the context gibberish . 
   their waffen ss ~ ~ criminals ~ ~ veterans . 
  i mean , freedom fighters . 
  ftfy . 
  is it really so difficult to grasp that they were special ss-units ? 
  that their main activity was fighting against invading soviets , ** which was without a doubt a good thing to do ** . 
  even the us congress has stated :  the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose , ideology , activities , and qualifications for membership from the german ss , and therefore the commission holds them not to be a movement hostile to the government of the united states . 
   to be fair to them , they were pretty effective in elimination of their jews . 
  they had nothing to do with exterminating estonian jews . .  almost no one who left in estonia managed to survive .
