  and then bolshevik russia invaded . 
  and remnant german troops and the baltic germans . 
  and russian white movement . 
  and estonia and poland and lithuania . 
  and the royal navy besieged the coast . 
  all that within one year . 
  a revolution can be legal though . 
  latvia is a historically ethnically homogeneous territory . 
  russia was/is not . 
   why did you mention only russian gangs ? 
  do you actually say estonians are innocent ? 
  of what ? 
  i do n't remember estonian gangs , but i am from a majority russian district . 
  however gang movement in the late 1990s is more or less affiliated with russians in estonia . 
   if there were fights , what kind of estonians participated in it ? 
  those , who got surrounded by russian gangs ...  no , they were the same low educated violent youth . 
  including my 50 year old grandfather in about 1995 and 35 year old father in about 1999 ? 
  nah , i do n't think direct control is the issue , it 's much rather how things are done on the ground . 
  if it was just german rule for 700 years with only a few german officials and the army , i do n't think german would have the importance it has now . 
  but because the baltic germans pretty much defined these regions for 650 years and retained an important status for another 50 , then german language is still quite important . 
  i for example studied german in grades 2-12 , english in 5-12 , russian in 6-8 and french in 8-11 . 
  estonian youth on a massive scale avoids learning russian as much as they can . 
   russia was our biggest trade partner was it really ? 
  has n't been for estonia in far more than a decade . 
  no , thanks , it 's my third language . 
   the czechian the czech  once urged other countries to refer to them as czechia that 's a problem only in english i think . 
  but there are several long official names on that list ( russia and iran ) , why did n't these bother you ? 
  it works most of the time though , in a case where the populist party is kept as a minor player in the otherwise mainstream government . 
  hahaha , russian wikipedia sure is screwed ... 
  of course we hoped , they were illegal immigrants , the former oppressors , who turned the demographic balance of our country that had lasted for millennia upside down in a few decades . 
   and sure there were street conflicts , insults , fights russians vs estonians . 
  yeah , i do remember the criminal russian gangs of the 1990s . 
   there is still animosity and hatred , it does n't make their life comfortable . 
  well you ca n't just be so naive that praying to god will make the hatred go away ...  which means people who realize they are occupants for ethnic estonians do n't consider estonia their motherland and will move to any more developed country . 
  lol . 
  even though the emigration of ethnic russians is far bigger than that of ethnic estonians , it is in perfect correlation with economic background as poorer people emigrate more easily and russians are on average poorer than estonians . 
  if they get the fact that their minority being in the country is viewed negatively for a good reason , and if they integrate well , estonians usually do n't have much problem with them on the individual level . 
  it is a great philosophical question though . 
  the question is not should a democratic state tolerate dissenting opinion , but should a democratic state tolerate anti-democratic propaganda ? 
  you 're either pro-west or a social outcast in these countries ... 
  this particular angle is ridiculously overhyped though . 
  do n't you mean the theft of rightful russian land ? 
  you saying we as a human species or one country ( russia ) specifically ? 
  that 's an important point actually . 
  if you move to another country , regardless if it 's illegally or legally , the state ca n't just force citizenship on you . 
  you 'd have to apply for it . 
   usa , vatican and several other countries did n't recognize it and insisted it was an illegal occupation . 
  [ oh please ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_continuity_of_the_baltic_states#list_of_recognition_and_non-recognition_of_annexation )  meanwhile sweden , spain , netherlands , australia , india , iran , new zealand , finland de jure recognized it . 
  make that sweden , netherlands and new zealand . 
  plus remember that sweden later apologized for recognizing the illegal occupation . 
  others have different stories : - australia only recognized it during one government in 1974-1975 . 
  - india never formally expressed their position . 
  - iran never formally expressed their position . 
  - finland never formally expressed their position . 
  plus finland continued diplomatic relations established in 1920 rather than recognize the baltic states anew in 1991 ** so stop rewriting history !!!, 
  who is kicking the russians out of estonia and latvia again ? 
  or 4th ... 
  estonia and latvia had a german upper class for about 700 years , while lithuania did n't . 
  it was so during the livonian order , the swedish and the russian era . 
   or because they have bigger russian population and do n't value learning russian in school because they can learn it anyway you simply do n't `` learn russian anyway '' in estonia , not at all . 
  i am from a majority russian district of tallinn and i did n't learn any of it growing up ... 
  if estonian pupils are given a chance either to learn german or russian or perhaps french or russian , then most of them would choose the language that is . . not russian . 
   latvia and estonia in comparison to lithuania then i 'm not really sure what you 're getting at here , but estonia and latvia had a german upper class for about 700 years , while lithuania did n't . 
  the first is science fiction , the second is indeed quite a possible outcome !, 
  those , who wanted , sure . 
  sure , but the bolshevik power in russia was still internationally recognized , but their occupation of estonia , latvia and lithuania was an illegal foreign occupation according to all but few civilized nations . 
   you 've got independence and there were no serious attempts to stop your people from doing this . 
  you mean something like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_war_of_independence ) ? 
   but when it happened we all were equal soviet citizens `` equal '' meant jack shit in the soviet union . 
  some were still more equal than others . 
   and nobody expected that you will discriminate part of them by ethnicity . 
  again , there * is * nor * has been * no discrimination . 
  the fact that we did n't give the illegal immigrants automatic citizenship was the right thing to do in order to not to finalize the russification policies !, 
  they were illegal immigrants and they were lucky they could remain here - even that was controversial decision enough . 
  illegal immigrants should not get automatic citizenship anywhere on the planet !, 
  and we were not soviet citizens !, 
  soviet citizenship was a form of political violence used under the illegal foreign occupation . 
  it bears no meaning , we were legally estonian , latvian and lithuanian citizens !, 
  plus think of what you 're saying first !, 
  many russians * did * get automatic citizenship if their ancestors had estonian citizenship in 1940 . 
  there was nothing ethnic here , ** there were only rightful citizens and illegal immigrants ** !, 
  and while actively russifying their own * indigenous * minorities ... 
   italian navy is basically picking them up as soon as they put their feet in the water not to criticize the italian and other navies here , but can you really say it is like that , considering the occasional sinked boats ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what was done to estonians during the soviet occupation . 
  what historical decisions ? 
   not again , but from the very beginning of your independence . 
  in what instance ? 
   and that is the reason why you are so scared now - you are awaiting revenge . 
  no , we are scared because russia is a 100x bigger hostile imperialist dictatorship with a long history of invading us . 
   maybe it would be wise to stop discrimination i 'm sure we would do it if there was any discrimination . 
   give ethnical russians in your countries citizenship irregardless of their knowledge of your language yeah that 's just not going to happen . 
  if you come here illegally and want citizenship , then apply for it and pass the language test !, 
  yet there is no discrimination here . 
   and admit that they are a legal and equal part of your new nation the citizens are though . 
  the rest have all the human rights as well , and they live far better than in russia ... 
   but not all the wealth generated in your territory since 1945 ? 
  loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool, 
  they are remnants of the occupation mostly , though some were grownups during the occupation era already . 
  and how are we discriminating them again ? 
  it actually is,
