  i was paraphrasing you . 
  and as a left-wing extremist , you really should n't make jokes like that , rather be ashamed of what your ideological brothers have done to millions of people . 
  wait , did you just call me a fascist ? 
  fascists are just as unintelligent as you extreme left folk - you are both unnormal extremists in the eyes of the normal people . 
  and to even suggest that the idea of anarchism might work really shows how empty a person is in the head . 
  but seriously - your claims about being libertarian left and having anarcho-communist tendencies do n't add up . 
  these two simply do n't go together . 
  and i did n't equate anarchism and communism , you did . 
  you wanted to send me to a gulag camp , yet you claim that that would never happen in your fairy tale fantasy world . 
  yes , i think you are not normal - that 's basically what you are , right ? 
  extremists . 
  extremism is n't normal . 
  that 's like the definition of being an extremist . 
  i know there are differences between your ideologies , of course there are , i just think that all you extreme leftists are extremely uneducated people . 
  the difference between us is that i do n't want to send you to a death camp . 
  yes , everyone , who disagrees with you extreme leftists needs to be sent to a gulag camp . 
  i can not believe people like you exist in the 21st century . 
  no i know about that , but `` more than the next guy '' ? 
  you extreme leftist lot are all the same for us normal people . 
  if you have anarcho-communist tendencies , then why would you hate stalin more as the next guy ? 
  why estonia is an observer in the council and as far as i know has never applied to be a full member . 
  being part of the council is just one thing - nordic countries is also a socio-cultural concept , of which estonia is part of , if you at least knew some basic things about the country . 
  yet this consensus is based on false assumptions as most people advocating for the consensus view know jack shit about estonia . 
  people do that with me as well even though i am 25 . 
  if they do n't have better arguments then it 's their problem . 
  that 's not to say that early teens do n't often make simplistic assumptions , but it 's not to the degree that one should automatically discredit their every argument . 
  not your year of birth ... 
  your year of birth is of course very damaging personal information ... and it 's weird as it could indeed be that - i was quite old when my first grandparent died and all of them have their stories to tell . 
  rather weird  what year were you born ? 
  it may be different if your direct ancestors were deported , imprisoned or murdered . 
  i had my great-grandfather deported in 1944 , died in a labour camp in 1952 , had another great-grandfather imprisoned in 1945 , freed in 1953 and had my 8-year old grandfather , his sister , his mother and his grandmother deported to siberia in 1949 and freed in 1953-1954 . 
  i was born in 1990 and most of my peers feel very negative towards stalin in general . 
  now you really underestimate how people feel about stalin ... 
  why thank you . 
  you sound lonely . 
  seen worse . 
  there is no source for this , just my personal experience . 
  i am definitely not saying it has to be a majority , but as i 've talked about this issue with my peers , relatives and even random people , i have encountered quite many people , who think the same way . 
  if you were indeed referring to stalin , then do n't . 
  i guess more than 50 % of that city has some ancestor , who was either murdered , imprisoned or deported to siberia by this monster . 
  i agree that this is the general understanding of what nordic countries are . 
  by the way , about that specific article . 
  there were long sections about estonia , shetland , orkney and some other territories , that should perhaps be counted as part of the nordic countries . 
  they were removed to a different article , but for some reason that article was closed and now there is nothing left . 
  rather illogical that the article does n't give any information on possible further scope of the nordic countries . 
  however much of the reason people do n't include estonia as part of the nordic countries is the soviet legacy , which unintelligent people think defines europe even today , while in reality estonia has loads in common with the nordic countries and much less with the baltic countries . 
  nope , i do n't even remember which way the european regions were taught at school . 
  but i do know general concepts used by international organizations for example . 
  ok now i understand . 
  your concepts of geography are just way off , i did n't much understand that before . 
  northern europe is almost never just scandinavia . 
  that 's why there 's a special word for scandinavia in the first place . 
  and scandinavia does n't include finland , you know . 
  and no , estonia is not in eastern europe , but northern europe . 
  you can talk of the baltic states in the context of eastern europe only if you are directly talking about an issue that is related to either the direct aftermath of world war i or the soviet occupation period of 1940/1944 -1991 . 
  otherwise , the countries lie in northern europe . 
  and estonia is indeed a nordic state . 
  and i said that we were not talking about the literal meaning , but the general meaning . 
  you claimed that i made a strawman argument because i said nordic does not mean northern [ in the general meaning of the concepts ] . 
  that czech guy answered to the comment `` always wanted to go in northern europe '' with `` eesti can not into nordic '' . 
  as i pointed out that these concepts are not the same , you barged in and countered that yes they are , at least in the literal meaning . 
  as i explained that we were n't talking about the literal meanings , but the general meanings , you continued to argue with me . 
  as i once again said that nordic does not mean northern , you went as far as to accuse me of a strawman argument . 
  no , if i feel that i am wrong , then i have no reason or need to state the otherwise . 
  but just read the beginning of the conversation again and you 'll understand why you caused the confusion . 
  there is literally no way i could have understood what you were meaning by looking at your first comments . 
  i care little of who was right or wrong , just do n't bend the facts . 
  please read that conversation over and you 'll see exactly that you did n't note that you changed the subject and hence i misunderstood what you were talking about . 
  you are part of that argument as much as i am so do n't blame me for this ... 
  thank you for these suggestions but i was not bothered by what was apparently said to you by some apparently estonian fellas - i was bothered by the fact that you thought it was just estonians hating on russians while the facts just do n't support your claim . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong - we do our fair share of russia-bashing here , but not so randomly ... 
  as i was talking about the meaning of northern europe and you answered about the meaning of nordic countries without mentioning the change , it was 100 % your mistake . 
  yet my experience as an estonian on this issue has slightly more value then your ... like ... opinion , man . 
  nope , personal experience as i am an actual estonian . 
  as we were talking about the meaning of what is northern europe , the confusion here is entirely your mistake . 
  however by the literal meaning we are a nordic country as our culture is nordic , we speak a similar language to finnish and we are definitely not baltic . 
  it 's the common meaning that you mean . 
  why ? 
  are you trying to be funny ? 
  no i meant these two false factoids told by the locals do n't really sound like the average estonian hating on russians . 
  i mean , we do have a rough sentiment about them , but why make up statistics for that ? 
  estonians usually know that ethnic russians have a lower birth rate and i have n't even heard about russians coming to estonia to give birth . 
  do n't wonder why i reached that conclusion : `` always wanted to go in northern europe '' -  `` eesti can not into nordic '' -  me : `` nordic does not mean northern '' -  you : `` that 's exactly what it means '' . 
  but what were you referring to with your sentence then ? 
  so friggin naive ... 
  that graph really should have zero on the scale to calm down folks like you . . 
  well definitely not * hell * ( estonian for `` tender '' ) for us . 
  russians themselves ? 
  please do n't be that guy ... 
  the us is both a democracy and a republic . 
  i do n't understand why you americans get your political concepts so wrong all the time ... 
  yes , ethnic russian citizens of estonia . 
  i guess when things are peaceful enough , people will find new reasons to not consider it peaceful , sort of first world problems . . 
  if there 's one thing that russia knows how to do , it 's propaganda . 
  and it works with so many people . . 
  we 've had mass immigration . 
  even our social democrats are rather conservative about immigration due to that . 
  economic stagnation is also not an alien concept here . 
  so is their idea that it 's the car industry or nothing ? 
  german help = / = having fascism,
