  if you get more money , are you willing to buy more deportations ? 
  tell me , how is the crimean tatar autonomy going on right now ? 
  you have illegally disbanded their assembly !, 
  you russians , and your empty formalities in protecting minorities ... 
  yeah , it was an immigration into a colony to russify the region . 
  you lack arguments , that 's what 's going on here ... 
  yes , i agree that such a concept is idiotic , where the entire nation gets to decide whether a region can secede . 
  i am not defending ukraine in this particular question . 
  however as the russians are not indigenous people , they should not get to decide for the crimean tatars that the region should join russia . 
  it 's just a step closer to destroying yet another culture . 
   it is obvious that even all people of crimea will vote to leave , the final result will be `` remain '' . 
  leave ukraine ? 
  i would think the russian immigrants would overvote that and decide to leave ukraine anyway . 
   delude yourself however you wish . 
  so inform me why it does n't fit . 
   sanctioning towards no achievable end-goal to no benefit to ourselves and no long-term damage to our enemies ability to resist us achieving our goals . 
  brilliant strategist you are . 
  how are they damaging us more than them again ? 
   brilliant reading skills once again . 
  complete misunderstanding a completely commonplace use of a completely commonplace word just because you want to feel offended and vindicated . 
  i did n't feel offended , i do n't know what you are talking about . 
   you have literally called russians a subhuman culture and repeatedly called for russians to be denied political rights based on their ethnicity . 
  i have repeatedly linked you to comments of yours where those sentiments are expressed or otherwise evident . 
  oh you 're that guy again . 
  ** for anyone reading this , the guy claims i called russians subhumans , yet does n't care that i called only these people subhumans , who want to destroy my country . 
  ** see the difference ? 
  this guy does n't . 
  / u/h2ppyme out again as he will continue to use strawman arguments with me . 
  yeah , wonder who caused them to be a dire minority ... 
  apparently this is always now . 
   there is a weird mysterious thing called opinion surveys , you know . 
  legally speaking they are of no importance . 
   that 's why it 's strongly against any referendum there . 
  well first and foremost it 's because there is an illegal foreign occupation there . 
   that comparison does n't work for a thousand different reasons which you of course well know . 
  be as deliberately obtuse as you like regardless . 
  analogy fits perfectly . 
   not going to happen in a million years . 
  then we should sanction russia for a million years . 
   that ship has sailed regardless of how much you , i , or anyone else might regret it . 
  i do n't regret anything . 
  neither i nor my state is the criminal here . 
   but of course you 've argued that all russians regardless of how long they 're there are filthy subhuman colonists anyway nice strawman . 
   k fam what does that mean ? 
   good thing we 're back to your obsession with that nonsense . 
  so , if you replace the indigenous people with your own , then you can legitimately claim the land for your own ? 
  congratulations , you 've just offered russia a loophole in international law !, 
   it 's never about practical ways to solve issues this is the way to act practically with a criminal state . 
  absolute zero-tolerance . 
   based on your personal feelings as to what 's historically just yeah , being against imperialism is now my personal feeling ...  and which population you hate and which population you like . 
  you 've got it backwards . 
  i support the populations , which do n't commit such crimes not that the populations which i hate suddenly have their actions labeled as criminal . 
   they 're an insane list of should happens that when translated to policy means cutting off your nose to spit your face . 
  what ? 
  polling does n't matter in this case , only a legitimate referendum does . 
   i 'd say it matters ( from my pov , not his ) because russia is never going to turn over crimea willingly . 
  the soviet union is never going to give up the baltic states willingly . 
   still vehemently resist being rejoined to ukraine which makes their reintegration awkward to achieve even if all the other pieces fall into place . 
  first it has to go back to ukraine . 
  then the all locals could return and new immigrants should leave . 
  then there should be talks of the regions future . 
  if the indigenous population is against unifying with russia , then that should be it . 
  russians already have their state in the east . 
  i agree that the crimean tatars are the sovereign people of this land , but they relatively support it belonging to ukraine and are against the russian occupation . 
   btw sanctions achieved nothing , only if we trade and cooperate with russia we can have some influence . 
  that 's relatively recent . 
  in other parts of the world such a thing is called colonization and is hugely frowned upon . 
  yes , but how do you know that they are pro-russian without a legitimate referendum ? 
   historicly krim always had russian majority . 
  i just hate this ** lie ** so much . 
  first , how do you know that they were pro-russian ( i mean , strictly legally speaking ) and secondly , why does it matter ? 
  and as long as you are willing to resent to appeasement after their yet another trick , they will get what they want out of this situation . . 
   most of the nazi leadship were the retards do n't you mean hitler ? 
  i mean , the rest could have been as well , but it did n't much matter . 
  do n't you mean gloriously liberated ? 
  do n't believe into every russian propaganda that you see !, 
  interesting is a subjective matter . 
  plus books are different and one can not say that `` reading books is interesting '' without meaning a certain type of books . 
  oh god , the zeppelins . 
  worst potato food i have ever tried . 
  bloody hell , where did you see the rudeness ? 
  why would they bring more potatoes back to lithuania ? 
  just a clever way to offer bribery , with * gef\u00fcllte * paprikas ... 
   crimea had always x3 more russians than ukrainians so ? 
   ukraine is a soviet creation wow ...  it was khruschev 's decision to assign crimea to ukraine so ? 
   he highly educated countries have the highest % of people reading books . 
  [ how so ?? 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:tertiary_educational_attainment,_by_country_2008_and_2015.jpg ), 
  the baltics should be included , considering how often people [ mix up the two ] ( https://youtu.be/ok5lmqoromi?t=6m26s ) . 
  well i could n't really imagine a russian imperialist with a eu flag as flair . 
   through horrible self determination thank you for making me laugh . 
   they do n't know what 's best for them then what is best for them in your mind ? 
  how did the west take them again ? 
  oh indeed : huntington 's `` the clash of civilizations '' and machiavelli 's `` the prince '' come to mind first . 
  thing is that in estonian legal studies the professors are mostly supreme court justices and their books are usually the best things out there . 
  that 's what happens in a small country . 
  quite honestly i do n't know any of these books , yet was among the top of my class ... 
  it 's possible that i 've read important passages from all of them , yet do n't remember the whole books , because they were usually in pdf-form . 
  i do n't think any of my classes needed me to read through entire books . 
  even professors with their own published literature had it down under recommended literature , but the whole books were never under mandatory literature .
