  nationality = citizenship . 
   members of national minority have right to not be assimilated . 
  we do n't want to assimilate the russians . 
  i think about 99 % of why people disagree in this post is because they do n't entirely understand international law . 
   the prevention of statelessness should be the number 1 priority for all states . 
  as such a diaspora without full citizenship in the country they are permanently residing/born is a disgrace . 
  and it is a priority for us as well . 
  remember that it was the ussr 's illegal immigration and russia 's stripping of these people of their citizenship that caused the situation where they do n't have a citizenship . 
   a contracting state shall grant its nationality to a person born in its territory who would otherwise be stateless . 
  indeed . 
  there is however a difference of rhetoric here : 1 . 
  they were citizens of a sovereign state ; 2 . 
  they were not citizens of the republic of estonia/latvia ; 3 . 
  they are not qualified for automatic citizenship per 1991 as their ancestors were not citizens of the republic of estonia/latvia ; 4 . 
  some other state is the legal successor of that former sovereign state ; 5 . 
  yet they do n't have russian citizenship . 
  they are n't stateless , their citizenship is undefined . 
  just like a refugee from a country x until that country x remains undefined . 
  it does n't mean that the person is stateless - the person has the citizenship of some sovereign state , but definitely not ours . 
  it 's something similar to [ bir tawil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bir_tawil ) triangle . 
  neither egypt , nor sudan claim it , yet both assert that it belongs to the other . 
   experts and states have called them out on that issue . 
  yea , we all know what states and for what reasons . . 
  finally getting it ? 
   no , i 'm not . 
  if you can tell a difference it 's your own problem . 
  tell a difference between x and x ? 
  you have been extensively answered by lithuanians , yet you ignore those answers . 
   while denying human rights good thing we are n't doing that . 
  whatever you read here , it 's a bunch of kremlin influenced people , who do n't really know this issue in any detail , nor know enough to make out what actually constitutes a human right and what not . 
   while representing a disproportionate threat to it . 
  yeah , it 's our fault we live next to russia . 
  a good example of blaming the victim . 
  dude ... please first look deeper into this issue before blabbering like this . 
  [ depends ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_first_secretaries_of_the_central_committee_of_the_communist_party_of_estonia ) ( and of course we study them , they just were n't the leaders of the republic of estonia ) . 
  pretty unintelligent . 
  your post consisted of two sentences . 
  yes . 
  and you still do n't get why . 
   there should not be huge population of stateless person in any eu country of course there should n't . 
  we also should n't have illegally occupied , but the reality is a tad bit different that our ideals . 
   because this status automatically implied that you are stripped of basic human [ rights ] again making stuff up  political rights by `` stripped '' you mean taken away . 
  the answer is no as they have never had the citizenship of the republic of estonia . 
   and suddenly i became a kremlin propagandist because you follow their unintelligent line . 
   i opposed your claim with a legally binding convention that was signed and ratified by latvia . 
  and do you know of any case where the parties of this treaty in particular have called latvia out on this issue ? 
  because i have not . 
  because as far as i understand there is no obligation to grant everyone automatic citizenship and the obligation to ** reduce ** statelessness can be carried out as a gradual process as well . 
  understood , but you have to understand that the situation is perfectly clear for locals . 
  it is basically social suicide to support giving out automatic citizenships to soviet era illegal immigrants . 
  almost everyone knows of this issue to great depths . 
  it is only foreigners to whom this issue is [ naturally ] less known , who make generalizations in places where generalizations can not be made . 
  and you simply lack knowledge . 
   and normally if you are born somewhere or find yourself in a new country you get citizenship automatically . 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli#/media/file:jus_soli_world.svg ) . 
   all who lived in the latvian ssr were obviously soviet citizens and overnight a minority becomes non-citizens in their own country no , latvia was an illegally occupied country , therefore it was n't their country to begin with . 
  they were foreigners and many of them still are . 
   that sounds democratic to you ? 
  there is nothing democratic about illegally invading and annexing a country and illegally bringing in your people . 
   i do n't know a single country that did all this aside from the baltics [ no other country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_continuity_of_the_baltic_states ) has been illegally occupied for so long and regained independence . 
   for example many kosovo albanians who found themselves living in serbia overnight did n't know serbian yet were citizens just like any other . 
  same with romanian hungarians . 
  hell maybe half of ukraine to this day still does n't know ukrainian and in 1991 even fewer did , even ukrainians themselves . 
  none of these countries were illegally occupied . 
   i thought the baltic racism and russophobia was just a kremlin propaganda meme , but i can see it 's actually for real . 
  wow  and that 's all coming from baltic redditors ( who tend to be more progressive ) . 
  we are more knowledgeable about our countries and the particular aspects of international law perhaps . 
  it 's easy to generalize if you do n't know enough . 
   disgrace for europe for sure . 
  your unintelligent generalization sure is . 
  russia is the sole legal successor of the soviet union , so yes . 
  however russia has stripped them of citizenship in that sense . 
   well it is . 
  that 's not how a legal argument goes . 
   but it is all de iure that must be one of the shittiest legal arguments ever . 
  i studied international law and human rights law . 
   i am not an expert on statelessness and i rather am , considering i studied international law and know this issue rather well as i 'm an estonian . 
   but i would like to hear your arguments except for `` stop making shit up '' . 
  understandable , but as a person , who has studied law , you need to understand that the burden of proof is on you and only then can i counter it . 
  your first claim that something is against international law simply because some states have signed a convention on it , does n't hold up for the general international law . 
  and you 're still not getting it ... 
  because you do n't even understand why lithuania chose a different path . 
  yes , because you can not [ even physically ] deport a person into a country that does n't accept that person . 
   this whole illegal immigrant argument is super strange . 
  they moved inside the union and i do n't think they have counted with the fact that the soviet union would possibly break up . 
  nazi criminals also did n't count on nazi germany being defeated . 
   so , it had to be shock for them a shock does n't give anyone the right to automatic citizenship . 
   to call someone illegal immigrant who lived there much of his life and moved there legally at the time , is strange . 
  and to argue against a local on this issue , is pretty strange as well . 
   estonian governement stops them by refusing their right to have a citizenship because the estonian government does n't refuse them the right to get citizenship . 
  they can apply and get it . 
  6 % and 12 % , who are not citizens . 
  most of those , who are citizens , block-vote as well . 
   you just decided that huge portion of the population was not good enough to become a citizen of country again , if i moved to your country illegally ( i.e. 
  became part of your population ) , then would it really be `` you deciding '' that i am not `` good enough '' for polish citizenship ? 
   by thuis stripped them of their basic political and human rights we did n't strip them of anything - they never had estonian citizenship . 
  they had soviet citizenship and the legal successor of that state , russia , did n't grant them citizenship . 
  plus automatic citizenship is not a basic human right . 
  how long will it take you to get this ? 
  that 's not a thing .
