  i thought we were just fearmongering ? 
   eastern europe does whatever is worst for russia . 
  lol  western europe simply does n't care about russia all that much nice not to care if it 's not your country under a direct threat of invasion . . 
  perhaps these countries are not satisfied by how italy and greece are dealing with illegal immigration ? 
  you want to send immigrants to the north , we already have 30 % immigrants from our population ... 
  saudi arabia is not really an existential threat to fellow european countries ... ca n't see those double standards here . 
  actions like these and the strongman image is what keeps internal discontent down . 
  in normal countries such economic harshness would have resulted in a change of government much sooner . 
  you do n't get how imperialism is still ingrained to the russian mentality . 
  also foreign policy victories like that are important for dictators to suppress internal discontent . 
  seriously ? 
  what world do you live in ? 
  it 's nice to play friends with a corrupt dictatorship that has been tormenting half the continent for a century if not more , right ? 
   have you any idea what russia went through in the 20th century ? 
  civil war , purges , gulag , nazi genocide , cold war , arms race , communism , communism collapse , yeltsin , default . 
  you forgot the new dictatorship era . 
  also the extraction of gas and oil has really deprived any chance of development in other parts of the economy . 
  so does eastern europe . 
  question to moldovans - why do you still care about this region ? 
  i mean , when moldova was cut away from romania and annexed into the soviet union , then transnistria was not part of moldova . 
  it 's not your historical territory , so why care ? 
  bloody hell ? 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t65swzhabes&amp;t=96s ) . 
  what 's the most retarded about this is the policy of the new estonian government ... 
  why the fuck would they blame themselves ? 
  do you think the french or the polish people will blame themselves for the nazi occupation ? 
   lithuania , just like latvia and estonia are eastern european . 
  deal with it . 
  i have no complexes about calling myself eastern european . 
  could you be less unintelligent ? 
  i 'm sorry to confuse you , but eastern europe is part of the western world ... western world = / = western europe, 
  there are n't visible differences between northern european countries and southern european countries ? 
  calling half the continent eastern europe and not by their actual corresponding regions makes just as much sense than dividing europe between the formerly nazi europe and non-nazi europe ... 
   perhaps cuturally was n't the right word , but please , you were part of the communist sphere of influence , the moment we actually started making the clear political distinction between west and east . 
  yes , but why make such distinction today ? 
  you actually claim our culture is `` eastern european '' ? 
  what the hell is that even ? 
  could you be less unintelligent ? 
   finland is russia . 
  the baltics ? 
  well , who knows . 
  they need to make up their mind . 
  yeah , we have pretty much made up our mind , yet there are ignorant guys from sweden mixing up the concepts scandinavia , nordic countries and northern europe ... 
  in a context they are , just do n't go and spread around this ignorant concept in any context . 
  thank the russians for that . 
  latvia and lithuania do n't claim to be nordic countries . 
  plus , you have to give it time , soviet occupation has had a huge effect on the people and despite how hard we try to get rid of it , it wo n't happen overnight . 
  plus estonia has a lot of russians and 51 % of ethnic estonians recently supported same sex marriage . 
  wow , this guy . 
  i am saying it was only a part of the soviet union in their twisted interpretation of international law . 
  dude , it 's reval or revel , not ravel . 
  hey everybody !, 
  keep away - they 're just [ building factories and kindergartens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t65swzhabes&amp;t=1s ) . 
  me too , that 's why i made the joke . 
  estonia would be radically different without finnish television though . 
  it 's what kept our mentality western throughout the soviet occupation . 
  not to mention the invasion of afghanistan is generally seen as a legal operation , quite unlike the occupation of the baltic states . 
  just had a taxi driver like this . 
  i was too drunk to get into an argument , but damn i wanted to say that he could always leave if he wanted to ... 
  can you really be a part of something not existing anymore ? 
  and estonia was illegally occupied by the ussr , not a legal part of it . 
  we will accept with our superiour knowledge of the lannguage . 
  estonia as well and probably the entire northern europe . 
  i think i 've never seen that . 
  you ca n't really buy a coffee in the morning if you 're coming from the suburbs or from a residential area . 
  nothing is open in these neighborhoods so early . 
  and people either drink at home or at work , or both . 
  / r/russia has banned you for hinting towards an unsanctioned direction . 
  tallin ** n **, 
   tallinn genuinely is pretty much like riga , only smaller i 'm sorry , but this is an idiotic statement . 
  / said by someone , who goes to riga about twice a year and loves the city . 
  / r/eesti declares neutra ... and gets invaded by / r/russia . 
  the baltics were not really part of the ussr to begin with , they were illegally occupied sovereign states . 
  public saunas are almost always big , private saunas not so much . 
  most start their day by drinking a coffee at work in my experience . 
  most start their day by drinking a coffee at work in my experience . 
  a post about estonia a day keeps the posts about latvia away . 
  at least not from home . 
  we have the same negative reaction based on how southern europeans act . 
  it all seems just loud and rude . 
  that 's mostly a thing in sparser , suburban areas in my experience . 
  and it does happen all around northern europe . 
  haapsalu is a summer fling thing indeed , but it 's not particularly richer because of it - it has basically nothing going on in the winter . 
  hiiumaa has actually always been surprisingly industrial , so that 's most likely why it is richer than most of estonia . 
  lithuania is also the only one of the three to not have huge stocks of russians immigrants ... 
  that indeed . 
  they wo n't after our leftist government implements its high tax on alcohol . . 
  nou , wi spiik better inglish t\u00e4n t\u00e4tt, 
  poor latvia , what happened ? 
  is bauskas really that tasty ? 
  saaremaa is probably barely over the green colour line - hiiumaa however is a bit richer than the estonian average indeed . 
  he is still the mayor ( as in this guy will never step down from anywhere ) , he is just temporarily suspended from the office by a court decision . 
  you really do n't get why holodomyr is considered to be a genocide ... 
  almost half of estonia lives in the light green area , not even in the main green area . 
  were the famines caused by churchill ? 
  luckily such a person would be de facto alienated from the society here . 
  estonia is gray , just like our souls . 
  i 'm actually not against this . 
  our internet is slower than yours if i remember correctly . 
  depends on how much you drink .
