  i 'd say about 25 % of the party 's vote comes from ethnic estonians . 
  yeah , even i as a long-time reform voter have noticed that . 
  it is really an argument for stupid people indeed . 
  the population hardly plays a role in gdp per capita issues . 
  of course you could , that 's the point . 
  what are those non-white parts in the middle of the snow ? 
  sort of speaks for itself when putin and le pen support trump , does n't it ? 
  the us had an election , estonia changed it 's coalition government in between the elections . 
  \u00f6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6, 
  to a degree , like there 's this from tallinn and outside tallinn sentiment where people in tallinn more or less equate the entire country with tallinn , yet people outside tallinn do n't have strong feelings about the capital . 
  there are other regional jokes like about the islanders and the [ mulgi people ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/south_estonian_today.png ) , but that 's about it . 
  estonia has 47 towns . 
  according to the 2011 census , tallinn is bigger than the 2nd-27th combined and has a population of 92 % of all the other towns combined . 
  considering that it 's basically the only one growing in population , it should now be about as big as the 2nd-35th town combined . 
  i on the other hand am against much taxes on profit ... 
   factory workers are n't getting new jobs . 
  as factory workers perhaps indeed ...  unskilled labor is disappearing . 
  so one way or another , we do need to get rid of it ...  there are more jobs , but the people who 've lost them ca n't fill the new ones . 
  sure , but that 's what labour policy should take care of as much as they can . 
   but the current path will continue with the destruction of their section of the job market . 
  so will the other path if they finally understand what they are dealing with ...  trump was the means to stop the establishment 's goals of new trade deals with china and europe . 
  yeah , until he finally understands how much these deals are actually needed ... 
  ignorant in what ? 
  how the heck can you just disregard the fact that they have a cooperation agreement with putin 's party ?? 
  sure . 
  czech republic and slovenia are even closer to western countries and are doing slightly better . 
  considering that , do you imagine estonia being more developed with some other government ? 
  what in principle could they have done better ? 
   while avoiding taxation of those who actually reaped the benefits from the economy . 
  like who ? 
  of course german generals have plans made for a possible war in other nato member states . 
  these plans are within the framework of nato , but i ask , what plans are there within the framework of the eu ? 
   so if there was no cooperation , would that make united russia go away ? 
  but it 's still a cooperation with a dictatorship party ...  to me it 's mildly infuriating how estonian politics straight up ignore where we live and what is going on around us i do n't think anyone in estonia is doing that . 
   ignoring russia does n't make it go away . 
  no , but bowing down to it is out of question for normal estonians . 
   pretending that estonia does n't have 30 % russian-speaking population , 85 % of whom watch only russian media , does n't solve the problem . 
  no , but marginalizing does to a degree . 
   there 's nothing in there except pleasantries . 
  it 's a matter of principle !, 
   and a line of communication is better than ignoring . 
  a line of communication with russia is better than ignoring , but a line of communication with the leading party is a sign of respect and recognition to a degree . 
  yes , because you can not divide seats on the national level to parties that only have  5 % on the regional level . 
  it 's a wonder why people are so stuck with a stupid onetime slogan . 
  with one of the best results in the post-socialist world ... 
  it 's a cooperation with the leading party of a hostile dictatorship to our direct east . 
   centre party ( and savisaar ) is the sole reason we do n't have an actually moscow-controlled , russian nationalist party sure , i agree with that . 
  does n't mean i have to like the centre party . 
   within estonian political system i 'm sure any de facto moscow-controlled party would be within estonian political system ... 
  1 guy voting is technically possible , but even an irrelevantly unlikely outcome . 
  the 5 % threshold leaving out the 3x4 .9 % conservative parties , which all have only slightly different ideologies , does however screw with the will of the electorate . 
   no , the market does n't shift . 
  a trade agreement removes impediments to trade like tariffs and taxes , and also allows companies to access markets without barriers . 
  yeah , which is beneficial for the companies . .  it 's by definition not a market shift , it 's an artificial activity that causes a marketshift . 
  which would happen anyway in any near future . 
   trump 's people are against illegal immigration , technically . 
  yeah , well , the us is an immigrant nation anyway , it 's a little different in the old world . 
   do you yourself believe in 100 % open borders ? 
  with strongly democratic countries ? 
  yes . 
  allowing someone to settle is a whole different thing ( i.e. 
  the 3 months stay clause etc ) . 
   i 'm saying the uncertainty of what might happen is less bad than the certainty of what will . 
  no , generally the establishment is not bad , we manage with our lives , we are the top two regions in the world . 
  having populists come in with empty promises is definitely not better . 
   you treat your opinion as objective fact . 
  it is not . 
  i unlike the populists do n't claim to know everything . 
  that 's why only populists offer easy answers while there are none in reality . 
   you fix this by having the mainstream offer a competing alternative vision that is appealing . 
  what if the realist vision is not appealing ? 
  what if the situation is not appealing ? 
  someone claiming to know the formula to make it better does not automatically mean that they have that formula . 
   it 's not good enough to simply say ` vote for me , i 'm better than that guy . ', 
  if you are a candidate , then definitely not . 
  i am here talking about voters and candidates with you guys and we are the third person in that case . 
  i would not act as a candidate how i act as a bystander . 
  a candidate needs to explain things better , if he or she does n't want to resort to empty populist claims . 
   well sure , just like our social democrats are a joke compared to austrian ones for example . 
  they are more in the line of [ third way social democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_way#usage_by_social_democrats ) . 
  i do not think she is currently capable of that . 
  i actually think she is , she is quite an independent politician , but such a decision would only be possible if savisaar joins her or if savisaar retires . 
  but . 
  how did you recognize them afterwards ? 
  `` centrists '' ... you mean the centre party , it does n't make them centrists . 
   they are quite moderate and not russian minority oriented . 
  oh please ...  it 's also worth noting that they might loose a lot of their russian votes since they do n't savisaar on board . 
  he was a big deal for the russians . 
  with that i agree and only then we could call the rest of the party centrists . 
   and making a real `` russian party '' , dividing us even further . 
  i think such a thing will nevertheless happen , with yana toom in the lead . 
   i can assure you that green men appearing in the baltics is one of the `` more likely '' war games being played by our generals . 
  heck dude , you are in nato ... 
  sure , sure . 
   not a shift in the market , it 's a trade agreement . 
  it 's the opposite of a shift in the market . 
  which is done because the companies need it to keep being companies ...  no , decadent means to have too much nice things , to waste money , to like and buy things that are indulgent . 
  ok , it 's more in the moral sense , so perhaps i did n't use the right word . 
   the problem is n't companies looking for the lowest margins per se . 
  it 's that states chase lower costs for products and hollow out their own productive capacity .
