  so did my ancestors , if you read the official russian line ... 
  psychotic asylums for political prisoners were well in use already in the 1950s . 
  among the symptoms of president of estonia konstantin p\u00e4ts , when thrown into a psychiatric clinic , was also his '' [ persistent claiming of being the president of estonia ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/55e7fx/til_that_after_being_deposed_by_the_soviet_union/ ) '' . 
  this is so true every time ... 
  yes , the entire media ( including all the journalists ) and soros are secretly cooperating without there being any single media leader or journalist in the entire west , who would speak out . 
  it 's like people do n't get the most important benefit of nato - best deterrence in the history of the world . 
  to not react to bullying unless someone is hurting you personally . 
  deal with ignoring facts ? 
  please , do n't speak about things you do n't know anything about . 
  estonians are `` closest '' to these nations because the finnic gene pool [ varies a lot ] ( http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6024/5980840461_ced57bf590_b.jpg ) . 
  we are still a finnic people , not a slavic one . 
  worse social situation , poorer environment , dissatisfaction with the state , rootless people , russians having faced a mass murder of their more intelligent groups , etc. 
  depends on the context - in general , yes . 
   they actually want to stay in estonia only if compared to russia , but their emigration levels are higher . 
  i do n't think you understand what the word `` convenient '' means . 
   it 's not a if eastern europeans were seen very positively before then the whole concept of eastern europe was different back then , plus i 'm not so sure about the legitimacy of your claim . 
   even our own news does this , as everybody tries to draw attention away from the cultural divide we have . 
  this , i hate so much . 
  it 's this whitewashing of serious ethnic division we have , it 's like it 's self-censorship for news , while almost all the locals address the issue as a major problem . 
   is that why estonia has such a high number of inmates in foreign countries ? 
  yeah , all the time you can read about `` estonian criminals '' with names like ivan , andrei or jevgeni ...  also you do realise that russians live in other parts of europe as well ? 
  are they the cause of all crime in berlin , london , etc ? 
  dont think so . 
  did we say russians cause all the crime in estonia ? 
   that `` other '' russians have lived in estonia since the tzar times . 
  and they are still russians , not estonians . 
  these people are the old believers and they are rather respected by estonians , and vice versa . 
   they are citizens - how would you label those ? 
  ethnic russian citizens of estonia , i.e. 
  not estonians . 
   and then what about the germans that stayed almost nonexistent . 
   and the finns mostly recent immigrants , who are , you know . . finns , not estonians . 
   have now been living here for many generations and consider the self estonian ? 
  it mostly goes with the language they speak at home . 
  plus if you speak estonian , yet have no estonian ancestors , then technically you are not an estonian , but in this case nobody usually cares . 
   russian speaking ~ ~ estonians ~ ~ russians ftfy and you are correct - ethnicity is the right word here . 
   that would be my point as well - especially as this people lived now in estonia for 25 years it is unfair to blame their ethnicity , religion , genetics , etc. 
  it 's unfair for estonians to be blamed for russian crimes ...  imo if anybody , it 's the failure of the state , showing lack of interest in addressing the issue . 
  lol , you clearly have no idea of the magnitude of problems we have with the russian immigrant fifth column . 
   not just simply blame every bad thing on the russians what if most bad things here have been strongly influenced by russians ? 
   sometimes goes a bit over the limit . 
  sometimes , perhaps , but not in this case . 
  of course they remain their crimes ( not in the legal sense ) , but if you would include russia 's crimes from this era , then you would get a lot more as well , 
   eh i was arguing that it 's not insignificant either in foreign affairs . 
  yet i was n't saying that either . 
  should . 
  as it falls within my line of work - more estonians speak german than french and even young diplomats usually do n't . 
  only later they learn enough to understand basic conversation . 
   citizen of baltics what the hell is that ? 
  i am a citizen of estonia . 
   have a fear of everything russian not everything , but definitely of everything russian that has a gun on it ...  anything this sub has said in favor of russia is sucking up to a hostile imperialist dictator , just because you do n't like him ? 
  no , but this was clearly a case of brainwashed political ideology :  crimea is not russia . 
   it totally is . 
  it 's only hypocritical if you cast all the facts of the situation aside . 
  as said by someone else here already , it 's mostly for orphans , whose parents are not known . 
  classic collective fear reaction to bullying . 
  legitimization is an important actor here . 
  why legitimize a crime ? 
  luckily kosovo is not among those . 
  lack of backbone then . 
   neither does kosovo . 
  it did because of very complicated situation and because serbs were hostile imperialists . 
   just like i am supporting russian claim on crimea . 
  why ??? 
  it 's not like it 's some indigenous russian territory . 
  russia has controlled estonia longer than crimea ... 
  does n't give russia any right to act in the way russia so often does . 
  `` independence '' . 
  do n't you mean , `` we all are them unfortunately '' ? 
  ai n't one person out there without radical opinions in some aspects . 
  could be . 
  there are both sarcastic and gullible people on reddit . 
  do n't worry - there are many unintelligent people on reddit . 
   therefore estonia can not into nordic because it emits a lot of greenhouse gases per capita ? 
  perhaps it has got something to do with our natural resources ? 
  i mean , we ca n't use hydroelectric power because we do n't have strong rivers . 
  we ca n't use a lot of wind energy because there are n't so many suitable places on land and on water they will ruin fishing grounds . 
  we ca n't build a nuclear plant on our own because it would be unnecessarily big investment for such a small country . 
  but we do have a lot of oil shale that is cheap as fuck . 
  not sure how this has anything to do with estonia being nordic . 
  i took [ this ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2014/3/4/1393963044127/britain-s-last-miners-fac-008.jpg?w=700&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=383310d423c27f696e56727b1cda8c53 ) picture after finishing work today . 
  / i am not a miner , i am a lawyer actually - this is just how un-green we are . 
  how was that even a joke ? 
  what if i am an intelligent person , who ca n't be chill with unintelligent people ? 
  you are welcome to call me a `` he '' . 
  because not viewing estonia as a nordic country is stupid . 
  learn and educate yourself before making such comments . 
  did you just compare me to nazis ? 
  i would n't call myself a weirdo because of it , i think many estonians think like that , especially those who are actually educated on such subjects . 
  you either do n't know much about international law and world history or you 're just trolling by now . 
  i would n't call that being active about it . 
  i 've never heard * pakib * being used in tallinn . 
  it is n't taken as offensive by estonians either , rather a bit silly . 
  and why do you get offended when i insult your dictatorship and history and national stereotypes ? 
  did i say that ? 
   there is a near endless list of reasons to believe in a deity that goes well beyond intelligence . 
  please do n't start if you know this opinion is intellectually inferior . 
   there are many very intelligent people with a strong belief in god for a range of different reasons . 
  let me guess - in majority religious countries where they have been raised by religious families ? 
   regardless , there is no evidence to either support or reject the existence of god .
