  appointed by the democratically elected parliament = democracy . 
   and thats whats wrong with the eu . 
  no , ignorant people like you are the problem of the eu . 
   when did you see donald tusk or other prominent eu leaders engage in a public debate with these people ? 
  because in the timespan of public debates a fool can ask a thousand question , while a smart man can only answer a dozen . 
  then ignorant people like you will not see that the smart man answered a dozen questions , but you will see that he left close to a thousand questions unanswered . 
   the referendum was the perfect oppertunity for eu leaders to take on responsibility , ride a few km north of brussels and discuss with the dutch opposition . 
  sure , there is a public opinion problem in the eu , not a problem with democracy . 
   they convinced our pm to ignore the referendum . 
  he did , because he knew damn well there wasnt another option . 
  you are quite a conspiracy theorist here ...  its rather pathetic really , and you will agree with me in about 20 years . 
  because i have actually studied a thing or two about law and government and politics and i do n't spit out stupidities all along the way . 
  also known as the `` million toilet/crapper '' . 
  at least you can enjoy the [ nice view ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/@59.435625,24.7398417,3a,75y,124.82h,99.7t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-pm54sl-j1co%2fwum85qvt2vi%2faaaaaaaaiik%2fwbziqa5upasbchocxhthfen_7jsq9mdogclibgayycw!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh3.googleusercontent.com%2f-pm54sl-j1co%2fwum85qvt2vi%2faaaaaaaaiik%2fwbziqa5upasbchocxhthfen_7jsq9mdogclibgayycw%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-2.0388231-ya266.51575-ro0.5771812-fo100%2f!7i5376!8i2688 ) when you have to wait in line . 
   youre not really smart if you dont see the flaws of the eu and their unwillingness to do something about it . 
  oh i sure see them , i just do n't agree with your simplistic and quite honestly ignorant understanding of the eu . 
   they simply put all the `` blame '' on the uk quite honestly , the uk puts the blame on the uk as well ... 
  it was an objectively stupid decision . 
  well , it was livonian indeed , although the livonian population this far south lived very narrowly along the seaside . 
  the usage of the word `` baltic '' in its historical order : 1 . 
  baltic sea ( * mare balticum * in latin ) 2 . 
  * balten * ( `` balts '' ) , endonym for baltic germans , in just modern estonia and latvia 3 . 
  baltic languages , now just latvian and lithuanian , but at first occasionally also estonian and perhaps even finnish as linguistics was very young . 
  `` balts '' for current baltic people ( i.e. 
  latvians and lithuanians ) most likely stems from that and the local german * balten * became outdated and was replaced by * deutsch-balten * or * baltendeutsche * . 
  russian empire 's * ostsee * provinces/governorates -  baltic governorates , just modern estonia and most of latvia 5 . 
  baltic countries/states , countries that got independence from russia in 1917-1918 , but mostly the three smaller ones . 
   i thought you were asking about the uk system and so that 's what i discussed . 
  rather both as i 've seen this counterargument so many times and it bothers me that people do n't make the simple comparisons with other european countries . 
   most of those who are n't are peers in the house of lords . 
  and this is a special case . 
  if people use pedantic standards , but forget that their entire one chamber of parliament is not elected , then their arguments really carry no weight . 
  also fulfilling the precondition of having cabinet members as mps just by appointing them to the upper house does n't make anything `` more democratic '' . 
   their appointments are seen as indirectly approved by parliament as the prime minister makes all appointments and the prime minister was selected to that role by parliament . 
  and the same with cabinet members here ( and i suppose many european countries ) - the parliament is elected and they can appoint cabinet members outside the parliament . 
  so super wealthy countries = wealthy everyone else = poor ? 
  oh in estonian it 's * longero * or * gunnar * , 
  which would be crazy , considering how many daily tourists we get . 
  ah , `` nothing in common '' . 
  it 's on the internet , so it must be true . 
   nice way to deal with citizens who feel their voices are ignored , which literally are . 
  you should start working for the eu . 
  you fit the jon description . 
  ah , the description of actually understanding a thing or two about law and government and politics ? 
  well according to international law they were terrorists . 
  international law is idiotic in that sense - occupying a country is illegal , but resisting the occupation is also illegal ... 
  indeed . 
  denser population , lack of ss-units and relatively fewer escapees to exile were probably the causes . 
  that would serve no purpose . 
  internet fact , so it must be correct . 
  oh thank you captain obvious . 
  the question mark here was how were these two things related . 
  estonia would have like 60 % of the population left , but finns would still need cheap alcohol ... 
  so our rate would perhaps be higher , 
  they 'll forget its true nature soon after the next government change . 
  we sure wo n't . . 
  sadly terrorists in many people 's eyes outside this region . 
  i do n't glorify the eu at all , i just understand how it and law works . 
   i disagree - it is entirely possible that it could work just fine with a minimal state . 
  what do you mean with that `` minimal state '' ? 
   which is an indictment against the government : keeping the public uninformed is not democratic . 
  you are twisting words here . 
  people could n't possibly know about every issue out there even if the government keeps no information to their own . 
   as i said : even more reason to inform the demos then . 
  nobody is against that anyway ...  you can call me hopped , and yes about every issue that requires governmental intervention . 
  you have no idea about how much legislation there is ... 
  there is a reason direct democracies are n't the case anywhere ...  indicates that the government is involved in too many areas quelle surprise - the world around us is complicated ...  and areas that the public do n't want it in . 
  the public or just the naive you ? 
   such argument , much convincing . 
  said by the guy , who said `` sure it is ... '' as an argument . 
   again with you being incapable of behaving civilly . 
  why should i act civilly with unintelligent conspiracy theorists ? 
  if you provide unintelligent arguments , you get corresponding reactions . 
   nothing i 've said is a conspiracy close to everything you 've said is a conspiracy theory . 
   i want a minimal government , powered by direct democracy . 
  which is just horribly naive . 
  quite clearly said by a person , who does n't understand what he is actually talking about . 
  i suggest you to take some courses in government and politics and public law . 
   it means there is no recourse at all . 
  no it does not . 
  the fact that this has n't happened , does n't mean there is no realistic possibility . 
   how is parliament to blame when they dont have the power to remove him ? 
  they * do * have the power to remove him by means of removing the entire commission . 
  they can also influence the president of the commission with the possibility that if he does n't get rid of one of his commissioners , they might remove the entire commission . 
   i am sorry but it is not . 
  you understand jack shit of basic ( like even very basic ) government and politics . 
   a legislative right only exists in the commission the commission is the executive branch by its nature ...  only they have the right to propose new legislation which ** is not ** the main aspect of the legislative branch ...  they are the only ones with that power . 
  you sound like a conspiracy theorist . 
   without the commission , legislation for all intents and purposes freezes . 
  no it does not ... 
  the parliament will appoint a new commission ...  i am not twisting anything . 
  quite evidently you are . 
   but it would do well to learn more about how the commission and parliament function in reality . 
  indeed it would ... 
  the simplest way would be to compare it with your own government and then discover that they are n't that different at all . 
   which portfolios belong to which groups in the commission . 
  otherwise there is no point in trying to understand the union or the dynamics inside it . 
  you are talking about politics , not state institutions . 
   if there is any weirdness in it , is is because it is there deliberately yet you see weirdnesses where i see goddamn logic as i actually know a thing or two about this topic . 
   why does only the commission propose new legislation ?
