  is better than being associated with russia . 
  that 's a bit of a different matter , do n't you think ? 
  plus , they were n't scandinavian , they were `` under scandinavian control '' . 
  that was estonia from the 13th to the 18th century , until the arrival of the moravian church . 
  and north is up . 
   since when are stereotypes supposed to be smart !? 
  stereotypes are often true , yours are just ignorant blabbering . 
   we never had any history with countries like estonia , lithuania , latvia , etc. 
  just as stupid as calling you islamic fundamentalists because you live next to morocco . 
   estonians , no matter their disdain for us what the heck ? 
  you 're lucky . 
  we have sauna culture just as old and original as yours , yet we get labeled `` fake something we never claimed to be '' ... 
  dear austria , who in estonia , latvia or lithuania has ever claimed to be scandinavian ? 
   yet we get `` russia 2.0 '' there 's not much you can do against the arrogantly unintelligent youth of the day . 
  but latvians and lithuanians are not slavic , estonians are not even indo-european ... you guys are more slavic than us ... 
   he says we are baltic !, 
  and finnic ... [ which also must hint to being mongoloid ], 
   so we just tend to imagine they 're probably similar to russia what an unintelligent bias ... 
   our view of russia is quite neutral sickening to be honest . 
  how are we even eastern european ? 
  that is a seriously fuck you moment . 
  i did n't even know western europeans were so unintelligent and biased before they started making these maps ... 
  estonia gave the widest cultural autonomy to jews during the interwar era and we also get a '' ? '', 
  because what some call eastern europeans , are a threat to the general labour force , while african or middle eastern immigrants are not . 
  i 'm quite sure , with her intelligence , she thinks that romanians are the same as gypsies . 
  shut up , luxembourg !, 
  they 'll have three times as much money tomorrow , while you will only have two times as much money . 
  unintelligent traitorous bitch !, 
  we were illegally occupied for a good part of the last century , just like greece was illegally occupied for a few years . 
  does n't make them nazis , nor us soviets . 
   triggered on every post i see . 
  because stereotypes are often unintelligent , insulting even . 
  of course we are 100 % european , but some contingent living in our countries may not be in the sense this map tries to push . 
  30 % soviet as 70 % are estonian natives . 
  over 80 % blue eyes [ in any country ] ? 
  this must include grey and green eyes . 
  country = / = sovereign state, 
  if we are ex-ussr countries , then greece is an ex-nazi country . 
  there is n't even a direct train link between estonia and latvia . 
  well , the latvian town of valka has its train station in valga , but that 's not what i 'd consider a direct link between estonia and latvia . 
  or smaller countries labeled as '' ? '', 
  question to barcelona residents - do you recognize the quarters on such a picture after some small details ? 
  like obviously the one with the highrise in the corner , but others as well . 
  but generally both married and unmarried women are ? 
  yeah , let 's compare a democratic country to `` 1984 '' ... 
  damn edgy teenagers ... 
  do n't worry , op 's gon na drown when the ice caps melt !, 
  nobody is using the name fyrom , get real ... 
  your understanding of eastern europe derives from after the 1930s ... 
  in what universe was trump the lesser evil ? 
  tallinn old town / prague old town, 
  i 'd like you back , * l\u00e4ti * , but you mis-spelled tallinn . 
  indeed , another ethnic group is controlling your ethnic group . 
  does it matter that you live next to each other and the world does n't consider you a colony in the classical sense ? 
  yes , but that still does n't explain why an ethnic group would have a right to secede in one case and not in another . 
  spain being democratic is fine for spain , but it still does n't help catalonia with their self determination . 
   i 'd say anyone that supports the right of the scottish people to be whatever the fuck they want to be , while telling us catalans to fuck off and eat a fat one , is a biased hypocrite . 
  this !, 
  i really do n't care what the scots and catalans do , i could see them both as independent and part of their current sovereign states , but to deny indigenous people the right to self determination - this is an evil world view !, 
  lol , what ? 
  why should people living in andalusia or galicia or castile have a say in this ? 
  think . 
  then write . 
  not the other way around . 
   will estland join ? 
  why though , why are you guys so arrogantly unintelligent about estonian history and culture ? 
   independance is only a legal right in case of colonisation or oppression according to some treaty i once had to study , the legal right of a people in a normal state is just autonomy . 
  there really is no logic in this . 
  yeah , how dare they use their right to self determination !, 
  et tu , just as equally finnic person ? 
  et tu , just as equally finnic person ? 
   estonians  balts dear pole , estonians are not balts . 
  tallinn old down has similar charming medieval architecture to prague , but is smaller in size . 
  i think the author actually thinks this is a museum about estonian nationalism , while it 's mostly about folklore and historical living conditions . 
  having grown up in tallinn and visited prague i 'd have to say that prague was a tad bit overrated , for us at least . 
  for everyone not used to living with a medieval fairy tale old town , prague would probably be wonderful . 
  into the nordic council , perhaps not . 
  but nordic we already are . 
  the place is fine - what is lacking is normal public transport there from the town center . 
  make sure to visit the new estonian maritime museum the next time , it will be worth it !, 
  because estonia is n't part of scandinavia , just like finland . 
  ethnic estonians most likely have already - ethnic russians have far fewer metal bands . 
  are you retarded ? 
  til basque is not a language . 
  do n't you mean algerians ? 
  the label does n't even touch tunisian territory . 
   baltic countries get additional colouring to mark that there 're some ethnic minorities , while the rest of the countries do not . 
  not to mention that russian is geographically [ overrepresented ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/share_of_estonians.png ) on the above map . 
  if someone illegally imports their people do your land , it does n't mean they should have a special status . 
  they either integrate or leave - simple as that !, 
  russians deserve no special rights here . 
  i 'm quite sure it would be impossible in estonia . 
   russian is not officially recognised despite being home language of many people . 
  why does the number of speakers constitute what should be an official language in your mind ? 
  is this even possible ? 
  lol , some people are downvoting this ... 
  according to the 2011 census in estonia , among the ages 15-64 ( i.e. 
  a bit younger people than here ) , 86 % of ethnic estonians spoke at least one foreign language , while only 56 % of ethnic russians spoke at least one foreign language ( which includes estonian ) . 
  exactly . 
  does n't really matter .
