  seriously , be as clean as you could imagine , but if you have a million dollars in cash in your home , you 're gon na raise * some * questions . . 
  i think it 's as much of a buffer state as we could have between europe and russia . 
  no idea what they would do in case ukraine joined nato though . 
  also , should transnistria be controlled by moldova again , then the pro-russians would definitely outvote the pro-europeans . 
  i 'm not sure either russia or the eu is actually willing to give up on moldova . 
  they will . 
  they will decide at the next election and then revert that decision and turn their eyes 180 degrees to the opposite direction . 
  this will continue for millennia . 
  pro-russian communist and socialist parties are strong in moldova . 
  no worries though , they 'll vote them to power like every other election generally , permanently not being able to decide between russia and europe . . 
  sadly not so much in `` internal conflicts '' if i recall correctly . 
   never did get why pro-europeans let the media get away with describing commissioners as unelected . 
  difficult to fight against the masses , who know little to nothing about politics or political systems . 
  i do n't think you yourself really understood what you just wrote . 
  they 'll decide differently in the next election ... and then back to moscow in the election after that . 
  soviet union is the right word indeed . 
  what decade are you in ? 
  yet every country had not just collaborators , but also those , who directly killed jews , despite perhaps the far larger number of locals trying to save them . 
  why hide that ? 
   it 's just that nazis and communists occupy very different slots in my mental world . 
  nazis are a world war ii thing and communists are a cold war thing and nobody was off just killing people en masse because that 's not what people do , aside from the jews . 
  because in us pop culture , those are the pigeonholes that they fit into . 
  yeah , and people forget that the soviets did most of their killing before the nazis ... 
  i understood that it was not the numbers that were the problem , but the apparent blaming of poles for the holocaust instead of the occupying regime . 
  his controversial sentence was :  consider the poles , who , deservedly proud of their society 's anti-nazi resistance , actually killed more jews than germans during the war . 
  i 'm not really sure why he 's in trouble if it 's factually correct . 
  why have reddit in the first place then ? 
  and if a person is an ignorant dick , could n't we just leave it to the redditors to settle their disputes ? 
  why a bot ? 
   taliban came to power there after the nato intervention4 lol  and so in pakistan lol  enslave people in africa to work in diamond mines and so on where ? 
   if you agree with bombing civilian targets i see why you defend nato so much i see no correlation . 
   it isnt , but my point is that saudia , which basically stands against every value and law in our western world is nato ally it is a nato ally because it is not hostile to the western world and is not an ally of hostile dictatorships . 
  what if we have a bot to soften everything that someone out there finds offensive ? 
  the soviets did the same here . 
  then the germans came and did that a little and then the soviets came again and did that more again . 
   dress up as witches yeah we have it too , but the finnish * vappu * is a bit crazier if you know what i mean , 
  i think we have the same with st patrick 's day . 
  i am indeed one of them ... 
  how bright ... 
   `` legality '' is a ridiculous concept to apply to dealings between nation-states . 
  said by a person having no clue about how international law works  if we all just agree that they were pretty much fine when we were born and if they stay like that then this is basically okay . 
  when i was born , my country was still illegally occupied by the soviet union . 
  not sure in what strange universe this is `` fine '' or how it would be `` basically okay '' if it stayed like that . 
   if you mean `` we '' as nato is disagree ... 
  i do n't agree with much of the criticism often provided against nato though . 
   fucked up afghanistan afghanistan is by no means more fucked up than under taleban rule . 
   iraq more or less . 
  justified/legal or not , the whole thing was carried out horribly inefficiently . 
   lybia i really do n't agree with this one as it was an intervention in an already out of hand civil war . 
   some african countries here and there like which ones ? 
   and the part i like most bombig civilian targets in yugoslavia ( or serbia if you want ) and calling it humanitarian . 
  i pretty much agree with nato 's actions here . 
   in which saudi arabia is the leader of human rights in un how is saudi arabia in nato ? 
  no it does n't . 
  most of what we consider modern international law started to be adopted in the late 19th century . 
  yeah well , these areas were ethnic estonian areas and now very few estonians remain there , that 's why we `` are pissed '' about it . . 
  ty , i most likely will when i 'm older , but definitely not now . 
  one of my politology professors once told me : `` a young politician will forever remain a young politician . '', 
   as i said , russia will get crushed if they try anything . 
  most likely , but you can not be 100 % sure of nato intervention . 
   your politicians , as this post said , are distributing pamphlets to citizens as if the ruskies are gon na invade you tomorrow you really just do n't get the local context ...  do you still not see that they are unnecessarily worrying you ? 
  no , resistance and survival are things that the government should teach us in case of russian occupation , which is a possible scenario . 
   actually , russia as the ussr tried to make us a satellite while we were yugoslavia . 
  we shit on them and said no , then they tried assassinating our president several times , to which he publicly said `` fuck you , we caught them . '', 
  yeah well , you also have the distance with russia that makes resistance possible . 
  geography , size and their imported fifth column are all against us succeeding in such resistance . 
   russia has zero to gain from `` conquering '' your countries or anyone else 's . 
  you really just do n't get russia ...  your politicians are just fearmongering . 
  no , i do n't think they are doing that at all . 
  the fear and necessity to build up our defenses are very rational . 
   but it 's not a complete democracy oh you 're one of those ...  when half the country did n't want that political party running the country . 
  well half did ...  and then they ran the country into the ground with their recession you mean the global one ? 
   force us to pay tax on our homes and fucking water that 's how taxes work . 
  we have those taxes too and i am fine with them . 
   and then the politicians just think they can give themselves a pay rise has the pay in private sector upper level management risen ? 
  if so , they were right to give themselves a pay rise . 
   while the whole country is wondering why the fuck we let them pricks run our country even the half that voted them in ? 
   edit : i 'm also aware that i 'm only giving one country as an example but it 's the best i can do when i 'm completely uneducated and uninformed on the matter and what country is that ? 
   a little land '' [ a little land ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/finnish_areas_ceded_in_1940.png ) '' . 
  my grandfather 's farm happened to be on the new border , basically his side of the river was given to russia , the other side remained for estonia ... 
   what would be a possible reason ? 
  quite literally , imperialism . 
  you not understanding that only portrays how little you know russia . 
   do you really , truly , honestly believe that the russians would invade your countries ? 
  i am not an oracle . 
   what would the purpose be ? 
  imperialism . 
   and everyone is panicking about that as if russia actually has something to gain from doing that . 
  russia is a dictatorship that is n't doing well economically . 
  this is an equation for a victory in foreign policy . 
   do people really believe that russia would be stupid enough to attack the baltic countries knowing nato would bear down on them ? 
  `` knowing '' - no . 
  but this is the thing . 
  if there are no nato troops to fight them off or to create a tripwire effect that brings other countries to war should they invade , then russia could quickly overrun the three states and be done with it before nato has the time or the will to react . 
  reconquering the territories from russia would be extremely difficult and several leaders and many populations would try to get out of their obligations to intervene . 
  hundreds of years ago we did n't have international law as such . 
  i am for example talking about [ these areas ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/baltic_states_borders.jpg ) . 
  yeah , as much as i support the irish , the term `` british isles '' is an ancient geographic term only and carries no imperialism behind that . 
  although i never do it in english , just sounds incorrect . 
  * suur * means `` big '' or `` large '' or `` great '' in estonian .
