  if i lived comfortably in my own apartment , but would n't exactly waste money , i ca n't really see how i would spend more than 800-900 euros each month . 
   yeah , we fulfill our determination , with an extra 118 non english mps voting on our laws . 
  great . 
  as i said , as you are the majority , you can change that . 
  if you do n't do it , you do n't have the will . 
   you mean with democracy ? 
  what ? 
  i mean you already have a state , where you are the majority , and you imposed your majority over smaller nations as well . 
   like when a part of a country with more people has a bigger impact on politics then a part with less people ? 
  when another country decides over your country . 
  this is not democracy , unless the people in the former country want it to be like this . 
  end of story . 
  plenty of people have extended family living in the us or canada , especially the latter . 
  close to 10 % of the nation fled to the west in 1944 and most of them settled in northern america . 
  most estonian families have summer cottages , either entirely for themselves or shared with a related family . 
  oh these conspiracy theories still exist . . 
   what is funny and is n't is entirely objective . 
  ugh  i got 15 upvotes popularity does n't make quality . 
   because it 's got , as i said a basis lol , no ...  if you 're saying you have n't seen an explanation why it should be funny then you just have n't taken 2 seconds out of your life to google ` finland does n't exist ' . 
  because if you did , you 'd have your answer . 
  cool story . 
  still way too specific to be compared to austria = australia . 
   what you 're saying is that the dead-beaten , ever repeating internet punchline about austria = australia is funny but the much less dead-beaten , ever repeating internet punchline about finland not existing is n't funny because of some bullshit ` randomness ' argument you came up with . 
  oh god , you do n't even understand what i 'm saying . 
  :d and you are deluded if you think the finland joke is less dead-beaten ...  the story behind austria being australia is people not knowing their geography , the story being finland not existing is about 2 nutcase parents thinking finland was made up by the japanese , russians and swedish people and the u.n. going along with that . 
  meaning the latter is by far too specific . 
   the latter is much funnier than people simply mixing up two countries . 
  i think not . 
   the only thing i see here is you trying to tell me what is and is n't funny . 
  how are you only just now getting it ? 
   anyone , who knows enough about geography would consider austria being australia way too random . 
  you could n't possibly think that people not knowing geography is random . 
  this shit happens way too often ... 
  my grandfather would n't have had to skip one grade in estonian school ( he went to a russian school in siberia ) , so he would n't have met my grandmother in the same year of college . 
   so we are denied our right to self determination because we are the majority ? 
  because you already more or less fulfill your self determination . 
  not only , you also do it for other nations . 
   that is n't how it works . 
  i do n't know any case , where a majority has claimed a right to self determination . 
   we are our own distinct nation within the united kingdom sure . 
   and many english people desire autonomy so we should receive it . 
  sure . 
  just do n't make it sound like you are the victims here . 
   if it was that easy it would of happened already no , the only reason it has n't happened is the lack of will . 
   politicians will not allow politicians are the representatives of the people . 
  if you do n't like them , you can elect other representatives . 
   as it would tear the united kingdom apart . 
  not really . 
  there are many federations out there , where all units have an autonomy . 
   there were thousands of local reds in all the mentioned countries same scum . 
   and the sinking of ms estonia was the largest ship disaster in peacetime in nordic waters . 
  damn , i still remember the storm of that day . 
  novosibirsk oblast was indeed the most common destination , at least for those , who were n't exactly sent to gulags , but were just deported . 
   except the sovereign state i live in is not england it is the united kingdom so it is not comparable at all . 
  i 'm not sure i get your point . 
  the english are the huge majority within the uk ...  i think you 're blinded by looking at this in the perspective that the uk is the ussr no , it was an analogy to portray how arrogant your views are . 
   and that the smaller regions are like your own nation it is irrelevant if they are alike . 
  international law is what matters here . 
   and the english people too deserve autonomy on their own laws yes , but i hope you do understand that this sounds as much of a problem as russians demanding autonomy from the ussr , right ? 
   and to this day politicians from across the uk vote on english laws while the opposite is not true . 
  which is wrong , of course , but the english * are * the majority and * do have * the power to change that ... 
  oh the whole post-ww1 history in the western edges of the former russian empire was very interesting . 
  bolsheviks invading from the east and from within , finns , estonians , latvians , lithuanians , poles , belarusians and ukrainians defending from the west . 
  a dozen separate wars within just a few years . 
   ethnicgroups = nationality is outdated . 
  and i claim this has never been the case except for nazi germany perhaps . 
   it was popular in the 1800 's where ?? 
   the nazis wanted an ethnic clean nation . 
  it 's ok to want more people of the native ethnic group in your country . 
  what was wrong was exterminating people ...  they were beaten by other ethnic groups , and many of the assimilated ( see france ) or they ( mostly ) peacefully joined together ( see germany ) . 
  yeah , but it does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  and you view this in a too europe-centric way . 
  in most of the world the main ethnic group has n't assimilated ( and therefore destroyed ) other native ethnic groups . 
  that 's why i think saying that i would instantly become a dane if i lived in denmark is a view that is more repressive to other ethnic groups than strongly separating them by name . 
   you seem to have missed the most glaring point that there is no self determination in england what do you mean ? 
  that rather sounds like russians complaining that they have no self-determination in russia , a state where they form the large majority anyway ...  do n't pretend that just because an region qualifies for self determination under international law that it would actually receive it in real life of course , because there are imperialistic nations thinking they have more rights to this territory than the native people . 
   do you not think think that england deserves autonomy too or are you too busy equating us to cold war russians ? 
  sure that england should be separated from the rest of the uk if it wanted to . 
  this is however not a problem if you are already the bigger region of the sovereign state and this claim sounds ridiculous , to be frank . 
  i 'm sure if england actually wanted to separate from or to have an autonomy within the uk , it would be strong enough to get it . 
   what ? 
  yes it has . 
  otherwise we would n't have distinct cultures to distinct countries . 
  you are living in a simplistic world , where national borders always concur with ethnic lines ? 
  how about those ethnic groups that do n't have independent countries ? 
   saying that it is outdated ? 
  i would n't say that . 
  how the heck are ethnic groups outdated ? 
  views like that are exactly what would destroy cultures !, 
   you can hardly say that self determination is the reason when self determination in this country is a complete joke . 
  what ? 
   do you not think that other people groups do not want autonomy ? 
  of course it 's possible . 
   there is will for self determination in england , cornwall and even london cornwall can perhaps considered a nation , although rather a former one . 
  however i fail to see how london would have the right to self determination over england . 
  do not equate these cases with scotland !, 
   scotland has autonomy because it is politically convenient to appease them and that is it . 
  i do n't really see where you 're going with this . 
  something being politically convenient has nothing to do with the right to self determination , which stems from international law . 
   there 's also a basis for the finland doesnt exist jokes , another joke gone viral , which according to google has only been around since 2014 while the austria = australia one has been around even before the internet existed , so it 's by far the more dead beaten ever-repeating internet punchline and still fine by your standards ?
