  what ? 
  migration is tolerable if it comes in small doses so that the immigrants ca n't form their own communities here . 
  just look at some of the failed immigrant communities in western europe , why do you even think that 's a viable option to a less serious demographic issue as you are making it sound ? 
  that was a simple answer to a complicated question , do n't get all frustrated over it . 
  nobody here said we should ban multi-cultural tolerance , but being tolerant towards foreigners = / = accepting huge numbers of immigrants . 
  no , did n't say that , but they are still foreigners no matter what . 
  how can you even ask that ? 
  we 'd have 25 % russians and 15 % other foreigners . 
  that means we 'd be down to 60 % of our nation . 
  how can you even ask whether that is good or bad ? 
  roman empire ? 
  and a whopping 15 % of non-russian foreigners in our population ... 
  well , i can write enough , but i do n't have a cyrillic keyboard so i 'm not up for the copy-paste . 
  lol, 
  well , back then they went way too far [ right ] with it ... 
  i think you answered to the wrong person . 
  it 's far wider than that . 
  it 's about the general mentality and lack of proper history education . 
  this country really can not into 21st century . 
  yes , ever since the good time of khrushchev !, 
  could someone first explain why the eu is not democratic now already ? 
  and please , do n't start with the stupid `` i did n't vote for the commission '' argument again . 
  so 95 % of people would say no as a protest vote without ever having read it ? 
  another nation that does n't seem to grasp history and why people in estonia , latvia and lithuania hate russia . 
  also , a number of poorer countries around us , yet they ask why we are poor ... 
  hey portugal , why are n't you part of spain ? 
  russian organized propaganda events ? 
  i have no idea , why we are still called `` baltic '' . 
  i say it 's about time to stop with this oversimplification of geography !, 
  a number of poorer countries around us and you question why we are so poor ... 
  i think they actually do n't know . 
  you really need to start the value of your indigenous people . 
  you really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  the locals are happy to see allied units here . 
   what 's even there in those countries ? 
  you sound intelligent ... 
  it 's just russians in estonia ... 
  they are indeed like that - more religious , more conservative , less accepting . 
  why was it crazy ? 
  what were the incorrect facts about it ? 
  estonians are simply not baltic . 
  the whole baltic states concept is a gross oversimplification . 
  there are vast cultural borders within the baltic states : religion , history with baltic germans , language . 
  it 's not like we do n't want to be friends with latvians or lithuanians , but we feel closer to the nordic countries . 
  while we have some history and common culture with latvia , we share almost nothing with lithuania besides the soviet occupation . 
  yet there are still people , who think that china will keep growing 10 % for centuries to come or something like that ... 
  which is exactly why these sort of questions should never be put on referendums ... 
  is that your original research ? 
  i am not really interested in that with a random person on the internet . 
   it seems that you are using demagoguery . 
  it was you who used the phrase `` ideas of the people '' . 
  so now are you suggesting that the ideas of the minority are not ideas of the people ? 
  how exactly did you reach that conclusion ?? 
   neither are juncker 's . 
  yet he was voted in by the majority of people ...  the parties are only necessary for bargaining of decision power . 
  in all other cases the static parties are not necessary . 
  such a bargaining solution is something that almost surely will go against the will of the majority of the citizenry . 
  all those actas and sopas and pitas and business method patents - those are not the will of the citizenry and not for the greater good . 
  and passing such bills through the fishing committee is a bit fishy . 
  please show me a political unit large enough that has been capable of banning parties ...  ttip is just one such example . 
  example of a conspiracy theory , not example of a conspiracy . 
   minority can only have the rights granted by the majority . 
  and that 's why people like you should never be allowed close to power . 
   you mean the rising isis ? 
  like it 's anywhere close to being even a % of general population . 
   you mean you fear that they came for the wrong specialist for consultations ? 
  what ?? 
   regardless , meritocracy is not democracy . 
  and plutocracy is not democracy . 
  so do n't cover with false feathers . 
  false feathers means deception . 
  being a meritocracy or plutocracy does n't mean a state can not be a democracy . 
  they do n't have to exclude one another . 
   i fear you are lacking understanding about what democracy is . 
  oh please ... 
  i am very certain of the same about you . 
   k\u00e4rajad and the novgorod veche were just that . 
  literally you are pulling facts out of a hat . 
   the electoral system of estonia was designed to create the establishment . 
  taagepera himself has admitted that . 
  taagepera may have claimed so because we have a modified d'hondt system that slightly favors larger parties . 
   all parties are part of the establishment . 
   it shows as the coalition would rather accept ekre than accept referenda . 
  the coalition hates its own citizens more than it hates ekre . 
  `` yeah , fuck the system . '', 
  seriously , people like you will never fool anyone in politics . 
  a confederation does not have to have referendums , please do n't start on political theory if you have no knowledge about it . 
  we did have a referendum in 1992 on the constitution ... 
  constitutional change should be put on referendums . 
  if change is not supported , the previous situation should remain . 
  who exactly is ken binmore ? 
  which government is that ? 
  jesus christ dude , please forever stay away from social matters and keep to your maths . 
  what i describe is indeed democracy and what you describe is something that does n't work ... 
  and why do you think it goes against the will of the people ? 
  i mean , sometimes it does and sometimes it does n't . 
  people vote for representatives based on their idea , of who makes what kind of decisions . 
  the people should n't make those decisions themselves as they have not the time , nor the knowledge to make them . 
  if the mps change their will , then that is in everyone 's interest , because the mp thinks that he sees a better solution to the issue than he did before . 
   through a referendum we had that in 1992 .
