  if the farm does n't belong to me , then i am just a hired person ... 
  unless i have signed the contract , which promises me some profits as well . 
   would you think it is fair , that you , who had done all the work , maybe get 10 % of the final profit ? 
  it could be fair if i got a lot less , percentage is utterly irrelevant . 
  what is important is the national minimum wage and my contract . 
  i have a feeling that you want to spread some communist ideas here ... 
  why should they reap the profits ? 
  they are hired people , who work for their wage . 
  unless they have contracts , which give them part of the income . 
  are you talking about cultivating only in the agrarian sense or in the wide sense ? 
  because if it 's only in the agrarian sense , then i do n't see the point - it 's not like every piece of land should be used for agriculture . 
  if you rent out land and enjoy income from it , you 're already cultivating it . 
   or [ do not ] cultivate it themselves but enjoy income from it yeah there is a logical fallacy here . 
  how can you get income from the land if you do not cultivate it and i used the word `` cultivate '' in the widest possible sense . 
  indeed , i think that one can be part of the collective even when being a foreign national . 
  one could live their own life in another country while not being a citizen . 
   the russification programs were much more than cultural assimilation . 
  yeah , well , tomato-potato . 
  they usually go hand in hand . 
   the tsars and tsarinas swapped around populations to mix them up , especially in the ukraine , where parts of the country were forcefully depopulated of their native population , and russian settlers were introduced to mix russians and ukrainians . 
  oh do we know about that , especially during the soviet times ... estonians to siberia , russians to estonia ... 
   russia is a good example , with the russification programs cultural assimilation is not the same as not considering other ethnicities as citizens . 
  it 's a whole different , though most likely equally bad issue . 
   you would n't become a new ethnicity , you would become a new nationailty . 
  they are not the same . 
  yes , i agree that i would become a danish national if i got citizenship , but we were talking about the situation , where i just moved to denmark and did n't have danish citizenship . 
  you are a russian from russia . 
  it does n't offend anyone if you speak russian . 
  people will help you if they know the language . 
  there is a [ good clip about this phenomenon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hk_g1mesle ) . 
  if other foreigners assume that we speak russian , then it 's often a no go . 
  plus , most estonians sure wo n't speak russian with local russians . 
  mostly oatmeal , but also semolina ( manna ) - a bit sovietish , but still sometimes eaten . 
  of course it does ... 
   you blame all the people just by their political views . 
  i blame people , who willingly supported a sick ideology , just like with nazis . 
  it 's not like i think that everyone in the red army or german army were bad people , let alone every russian or every german . 
   moreover , you do it from the modern day perspective and not from their own era and lives . 
  yeah , and i know plenty of history to claim that . 
  the average estonian thought the same during our war of independence . 
  muesli or porridge . 
  i 've heard more different versions of his background than i 've seen his videos . 
  foreigner is stoked about estonia and wants to learn the language . 
  reaches estonian grammar . 
  i ca n't find no . 
  99 % of times i 've heard of him are foreigners asking `` do you know puppey ? '', 
  i think all three are actually ethnic estonians . 
  the first two just earn money playing a russian or general slavic stereotype , while the latter just has a russian name , which is not unheard of for ethnic estonians ( probably mixed estonian-russian ) . 
   so do we , but we usually drink/party or something on weekends . 
  erm , yes ...  thats depressing wait , why the hell are these depressing , these are major parts of our culture . 
  team sports is more of a newer addition to it . 
  stupid generalizations ? 
  i know plenty about the russian revolution and the consequent wars against the bolsheviks , so i am entitled to these generalizations !, 
   see the situation as black and white as you , be it left or right . 
  you do n't have to be right to oppose the bolsheviks , just not insane . 
   are you really saying austria = australia is quality ? 
  no , but it is making a joke about the bad geography skills of many people , which is funny . 
   are you serious ? 
  i even linked the basis . 
  this is not a comparable general basis . 
   now we 're talking about specificness ? 
  yes . 
   the mix up between austria and australia has been around for decades if not centuries i 'm pretty sure it 's been around probably for as long as people have called australia `` australia '' . 
  that 's why it 's an ingrained joke in our societies . 
    the ` finland does n't exist ' joke is merely 3 years old which is why there 's a good chance it will fade soon . 
   there is no possible way it 's as dead beaten as the joke about mixing up austria with australia . 
  dead-beaten has nothing to do with how long it has existed . 
   arguing with you is a lost cause , everytime i counter one of your arguments you come up with a new one you pull out of your arse . 
  but you 're ok to pull counterarguments out of your arse ? 
   and i can not believe that you 're really trying to tell me what i am supposed to find funny and what not . 
  i do n't care what you find funny . 
  but in this region hearing this joke so often is kind of pathetic . 
   you 're still hypocritical for saying one dead beaten joke is ok to make cause you find it funny and the other dead beaten joke is n't ok to make cause you dislike it . 
  no , one has a generic basis , the other does not . 
   if you simply do n't believe that the uk is 1 country wait , what ? 
  it is very general knowledge that the uk is a sovereign state that consists of 3 or 4 countries ...  you probably want be satisfied with the direction of the uk unless the union dies . 
  i have nothing against the uk . 
  i just want all its distinct peoples to have their rights . 
  it does n't matter whether they use them . 
  `` do n't like ? '', 
  jesus f. christ , they were the among the worst scum of humans of the last century , i ca n't believe you are being upvoted here ... 
  lol , what ? 
  a finn thinking highly of bolsheviks ? 
  a bit , but more because of his fame abroad . 
  too much of a gopnik to have a huge fanbase among estonians . 
  usually barefoot , but with socks ( and sometimes pants ) when i 'm drunk enough . 
  my name was a german compound name , like gr\u00fcnwald ( green forest ) for example , while it was not directly translated ( like many were ) , but it was a similar estonian compound name , like kasem\u00e4e ( birch hill ) . 
  important to note that for many families , only part of the family estonianized the name and you ended up having two sides of the family with different names , sometimes with very small differences ( aun and \u00d5un ) . 
  some famous examples of estonianization : - [ karl august einbund -  kaarel eenpalu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaarel_eenpalu ) - was head of government under two different names . 
  - [ kristjan trossmann -  kristjan palusalu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kristjan_palusalu ) - double olympic gold medalist , estonian champion in wrestling under two different names . 
  apparently he 's an estonian . 
  being a slav is just an act of his . 
  in his video about estonian language he sort of has a very obvious made-up russian accent . 
  i doubt many estonians know , who the pseudo-slav [ boris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/nocturnoplays ) is . 
  currently shared with 5 other people ( sister , parents and grandparents ) . 
  there have been a total of 20 people with my surname as it was only estonianized in 1936 . 
  statistics say it is around 35,000 th most popular surname in the country . 
  65 people currently carry my mother 's maiden name and it is about the 4,100 th most popular surname in the country , mostly concentrated in southeastern estonia . 
  * could * ? 
  if i still lived at my parents ' place , then i doubt i 'd spend more than 400 euros a month .
