  that is a level of enthusiasm i do n't see often , and i study history daily . 
  finland was n't thought of as a nordic country until after world war ii . .  finland was part of sweden for ca . 
  600 years , straight , russia 100 , ca . 
  estonia has been part of sweden for around 100 years . 
  there is a difference in one part of the country , and the whole modern nation being a part of another nation , to count as common history . 
  true that finland was longer , yet estonia was also under denmark . 
  plus sweden had a huge impact on estonia . 
   exactly !, 
  you got it !, 
  it all depends on where you were when , exactly as in real life . 
  no , just your bias . 
   no it does n't . 
  `` the baltic states , also known as the baltics , baltic nations or baltic countries '' . 
  if i said something like nations inhabited by balts , then we could discuss this . 
  nation refers to ethnicity , state does n't . 
   where ? 
  that point is the first point in the post that you mention denmark and sweden . 
  no , i said before that denmark and sweden also lie on the baltic sea , so are they baltic ? 
   because the grouping of estonia , latvia , and lithuania makes sense on a geographical and political plan . 
  yeah , because people want to oversimplify things . 
   have around the same policies , and already have many cross-nation cooperations . 
  which is shared with many other countries . 
   you are like a benelux of the east . 
  we really are not ... and of the north , not of the east . 
   and the grouping of denmark , sweden , norway , and finland makes also sense , just out of habit so you confirm your bias . 
   if the nazi occupation had had 500 years to manifest itself in more than just a really short period of the last century , then yes . 
  wtf . 
   i know it does , but now it has become habit so you again confirm your bias and lack of knowledge . 
   and with programs such as the nordic council and nordic passport union , we have pretty much locked the location of who is nordic . 
  eu = / = europe nordic countries = / = nordic otherwise , most people arguing about this would n't bring up stupid arguments like `` estonia is baltic '' - the argument `` estonia is not a full member of the nordic council '' would suffice , but it is n't used as often . 
   culture is n't as important as it once was . 
  lol  i know , but it is n't me who figured out what is where yeah , cartographers do that based on scientific data . 
   and should be called what . 
  that is convention , which changes in time and depends on region as it is n't set in stone . 
  you could get rid of your unintelligent cold war era bias if you wanted to . 
   i just use the generally accepted terminology , as this created most understanding , and the least tension . 
  use it all you want , yet do n't argue with smarter people , who bring out facts why the convention is stupid . 
   we just ca n't dismiss what we did in the cold war , because , you know , we `` won '' it . 
  so did we ...  we need to hold on to our victories , and let the losses pass , without interfering too much . 
  great !, 
  however even victors should n't hold on to stupid things . 
   learn from your mistake , and then forget it , but remember the lesson . 
  what mistake ? 
  probably finland , but latvia is a close second . 
  finns are drunk and slow , so we call them `` moose '' ( * p\u00f5drad * ) or a bit archaically `` reindeers '' ( * porod * , although this derives from a finnish word , which they use for laplanders ) . 
  a common joke about it would be [ a finnish guy asking for directions to the nearest alcohol store ] ( http://p.ocdn.ee/17/i/2015/5/7/xlgi2afd.a5l.jpg ) . 
  latvians have six toes and speak estonian with an - s in the end of each word . 
  * greetingss tos alls latvianss !, 
  forgivable , not good , 
   ` argentinian ' can be defined as a spanish dialect , but there is also an argentinian accent . 
  ah , this is a good point , although i was rather sure that op would mean the former , not the latter . 
  as soon as someone starts to talk about differences in vocabulary or grammar , then he means a dialect though and i 'm pretty sure there are loads of such differences between spanish in different countries . 
  op used the wrong word as well . 
  for me accent has always been a foreign thing and dialect a native thing . 
  accents are only for pronunciation , dialects may have grammatical and vocabulary differences . 
  it 's like i would have a slight estonian accent when speaking english , but i would n't use any new words ( that do n't exist in any english dialect ) . 
   no , you are not . 
  you are the only country who thinks that . 
  you are baltic . 
  please educate yourself by reading [ this ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) and [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ) . 
   and , i think , that when these germans sat down and talked about the northern countries , they talked about all countries to the immediate north of germany again , so ? 
   which at the time included finland lol  so in that way , the whole area was called the nordische l\u00e4nder ( nordic countries ) this is pretty far fetched . 
  i wonder if i will ever meet a less intelligent dane . 
   at that time , i think here 's the problem , you think , but you do n't know . 
   hence they were ost-europa they clearly were n't that . 
  eastern europe got its current meaning during the cold war ...  which spreads the terminology to the rest of europe . 
  that 's not such a rule ...  because everyone thought of it as a nordic country lol  lithuania , latvia , and estonia , on the other hand . 
  they had mainly been a part of either russia or poland before you mean part of russia like , finland ? 
  and only half of estonia was part of poland and for a very short time , during which most of the time sweden was conquering these lands . 
   and thus the nordic thing did n't really aplly it did n't apply because they were illegally occupied by the ussr and it applied to finland because it was n't ...  would ofc . 
  be the baltic nations . 
  baltic nations refers to an ethnic concept . 
  only latvia and lithuania are baltic nations . 
  estonia is a finnic nation . 
  if you mean baltic states , then the same logic would apply for sweden and denmark as well , as i said before . 
   made a pretty clear line between east and west . 
  of course , but why apply it today ? 
  should we divide europe between the formerly nazi-occupied and the other countries ? 
   it also gave the old north and south terminology power . 
  the north because the east-west split became literally fluent when it entered the baltic sea , and drifted quite a bit to the east , which is because the independent finland was to the east of many east block countries , so here the east and west terminology made little sense . 
  it makes little sense today as well . 
  i wonder if you 've really never seen a map because estonia lies more north than denmark . 
   which is why greece , italy , and spain ( + others ) are southern europe , while bulgaria and romania are eastern europe . 
  now you 're just blabbering . 
   i was n't talking about international law ( which is mostly irrelevant itself ) . 
  oh boy ...  you can save the nation even without severe discrimination of minorities . 
  exactly , and we chose this path as well . 
   a lot of countries have sizable minorities with which they are able to deal responsibly . 
  which are indigenous minorities mostly , unlike russians in estonia ...  they are not told to either assimilate to the host culture or leave . 
  where did i say assimilate ? 
   both were directed colonizations of foreign land happening during roughly same time period and lasting for roughly same time with roughly same intensity . 
  sort of forgetting that the arab world ( including palestine ) attacked israel , not the other way around ? 
  this is indeed called a dialect . 
  the police officers were n't in immediate danger , the guy did n't point the gun at them - they had enough time to collectively stop him in case he had raised his gun . 
  basically convince him until he puts down the gun , storm him if it 's a safe possibility or shoot him if he raises the gun . 
  at maximum , they could have shot a warning shot in the leg and then stormed him . 
  you mean dialects ... you would have an accent when speaking english , but a person from cornwall will speak in a dialect , not with an accent . 
   irish more dublin/cork accents . 
  northern ireland 's accent is a very different thing . 
  can these really be considered accents if they speak english as their mother tongue ?
