  i guess that really shows how little we care about that . 
  how did you even get here so fast ? 
  like russia should get any say on the matter ... 
  just like all `` democratic republics of '' tend not to be democratic ... 
  because you showed kaliningrad oblast as part of lithuania . 
  sorry , i ca n't argue with you anymore . 
  you possess no knowledge of the law nor how states are run . 
  i seriously thought a mathematician would be more intelligent than that . 
  hopefully we 'll never meet in person , i 'd get a brain tumor . 
   dictatorships are not the worst thing in the world . 
  oh please , you ca n't be that unintelligent . 
   collapse of a regime often causes more suffering and death of course it does . 
  but the thing is that a stable dictatorship is a stable evil , while a civil war at least offers a chance to get out of it . 
   uncaring capitalist force oh now i see your true nature . 
  the us did not keep nor intend to keep peace in any of these countries , please do n't simplify complex situations . 
   useful bargaining chip against russia typical german attitude . 
   as it keeps profitable free trade going which is close enough to peace ...  without regard for the well-being of people that is up to the states to organize . 
   looking for a `` lesser evil '' not looking for a lesser evil as i do n't consider the us as an evil state . 
  yes , but all these are part of the same larger state . 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania are different independent states . 
   german did this and the russian did that , so estonia can do that too . . what ? 
  that is absolutely about being able to do `` the same '' . 
  it is about sending out the people , who were brought here by the criminal state to colonize the country . 
   not all russian speaking people are responsible for the current or pass actions of the russia/ussr state totally irrelevant . 
  estonia was 90 % ethnic estonian before the occupation , why would it remain 60 % after it ? 
   that is a racist statement . 
  oh please ...  or maybe put in camps ?? 
  a little far-fetched , do n't you think ? 
  you are calling me a racist and suggesting i want to put people into camps . 
  there 's a fair amount of agitating there . 
   if a estonian political party is elected into parliament , it is not an anti-estonian party definitely not as simple as that . 
  they just use the system to create their pseudo-socialist pro-russian undemocratic dystopia . 
   they represent the will of the estonian voters no , they represent russian voters . 
  that 's the point ...  anti-democracy absolutely pro-democracy , but you could claim someone is anti-democracy also in a situation where ten million muslim immigrants travel to greece and demand a right to vote . 
  citizenship is a social contract with the state - you are part of that state and part of the general ( though varied ) discourse . 
  if there is an opposing discourse that is foreign and is set out to destroy the state as you want ( i.e. 
  bring it back under russian dominance ) , then they should not get that right . 
  i am aware that some of the neighboring countries are doing everything they can , yet others are doing nothing . 
  they do n't have to be fundamentalist to be against european values . 
  even after generations of living here , many still claim that women should not have equal rights etc. 
  these are not the people we should be accepting . 
  1 ) occupy a country ; 2 ) bring in russians ; 3 ) if they secede , liberate the russians ; 4 ) repeat no . 
  need is a subjective thing . 
  they need to relocate from syria and libya , sure , but why to europe on such a massive scale ? 
  i think due to their cultural hostility towards europe ( not just terrorism , but the general anti european values sentiment ) , they have forfeited their right to come here . 
  other muslim countries should deal with them . 
  and that does n't mean we should n't take in anybody , we should take local christians or atheists , because there is no other place for them and their numbers are n't staggering either . 
  if it 's purely geographic division , then sure - the three look similar on a map after all . 
  but often it is used in a far wider context than geography . 
  i am not one of them , i do n't think there even are such people . 
  i call for a sensible immigration , mostly from inside the eu and less from uneducated muslim countries . 
   ah , i see , you want to throw all of them out from estonia because they were illegal right ? 
  i would have wanted that , now it 's way too late for that . 
   they do not have any rights correct ? 
  they have plenty of rights . 
  all they can not do is work in higher public offices and vote for the parliament . 
  yet they can travel visa free to russia and do n't have to serve in compulsory military service . 
   you know , not deporting people en mass for something that they have not done is a human right . 
  wonder if germans were allowed to stay anywhere in occupied europe ? 
  now come tell me it 's not the same ... estonia does not violate the echr , however russia does in many occasions . 
  if they get estonian citizenship , then they are not illegal , though they still are not indigenous . 
  they are nationals of estonia then with full rights and obligations . 
   so let say they all votes for a particular russian speaking rm , is that illegal too ? 
  not illegal , however you really underestimate the threat to a small country where 95 % of the 30 % minority votes for an essentially anti-estonian party ...  what about other eu nationals ?? 
  should they and their nato troops be here ? 
  eu nationals can come and live and work here just like estonians can go and live and work in other eu countries . 
  thing is , we and other eu countries have agreed to it , estonians did not agree on russians coming to estonia en masse . 
  nato troops are of course welcome . 
   last i check , my tax money was paying for raf jets patrolling estonian skies . 
  and we thank you for it . 
  however was this not the case , it would be a serious threat to entire nato and the whole security system in europe . 
  so do n't act like it 's only in estonia 's interests . 
  it is very rare to hear any accent from a child of estonian-russian parents . 
  nowadays there are quite many estonians with russian family names , who speak estonian without any accent . 
  i think ethnicity is just self-determination . 
  i mean , you ca n't start on going nuts in family trees with that - everybody usually tells their ethnicity themselves . 
  however unlike often in english-speaking countries ethnicity is very apparent for everyone , while in other countries nationality might be prevalent . 
  ethnicity is not enlisted in everyday documents , only in birth certificates and census data . 
  i agree that international law has little to do with democracy , however quite enough with human rights , which go hand in hand with democracy and are often violated by undemocratic countries . 
   whining what an insightful argument . 
  how is my view rosy ? 
  the world is fucked up and nowhere near rosy . 
  dictatorships are in power in half the world and it is my completely unrosy view that these dictators need to be toppled whenever necessary . 
  no , that 's my personal opinion . 
  that 's different from what is and what is not international law . 
  because international law is worth jack shit when dictatorships like russia and china have a veto power in the un security council . 
  shrinking definitely leads to disappearing now ? 
  does growing lead to a billion inhabitants then ? 
  people are n't panicking anywhere , providing more defense measures is a normal response to the situation . 
  wait , what exactly is wrong with my interpretation of international law ? 
  :d are you really in the position to criticize ? 
  actually the statistics are organized so that they exclude births , who have multiethnic parents or whose father is unknown . 
  so that nearly 3,000 births in 2010 means that there were 1,426 births whose one parent was russian or estonian [ actually i 'm not quite sure how to add them together ] , then 669 estonian births and 345 russian births , whose father was unknown at least during the time of issuing the birth certificate . 
  plus the other foreigners . 
  source on us having 30.3 % non-estonians ? 
  statistics estonia for example , the census of 2011 . 
  i did not . 
  i believe it was about the danish guy 's claim that there will be 260k more foreigners by then in estonia . 
   yet they can not vote for the government that leads them . 
  then they should n't have moved here or moved away after estonia regained independence .
