  what is there to believe , russification was the key element of soviet power . 
   how much longer do you need ? 
  that 's not how quick it becomes a native territory ... 
  i know russians seem to think it 's by one toe touching the ground , but that 's not how it works in the normal world . 
   like i said , the previous inhabitants were invaders who pushed out the slavs what slavs ? 
   illegal invasions are perfectly common in the 21st century too . 
  common perhaps , but illegal invasions are illegal , while there was no concept of an illegal invasion in the 19th century . 
   did you forget what happened 11 years before 2014 ? 
  the us and several allies breached international law to take down a dictator . 
  intention was good , practice was horrible . 
   order is kept by relying on each member of community to keep to the laws yeah , and russia is not a normal member of the community by far . 
   there was never real order in the field of international law , only the requirement of being strong enough to break international law with impunity . 
  remember that international law is made together with dictatorships like russia and china . 
  if there is a need to bring down a horrible dictator , then let them go and breach international law !, 
   you just said yourself the cut-off was before ` modern international law ' . 
  look how many russians were brought into crimea during the soviet times . 
   so when the ` modern international law ' came to be , russians were indigenous to crimea . 
  lol  lol , because apparently imperialism makes you ` uncivilised ' yes . 
   that 's rich considering that uk and us are probably the most ` civilised ' nations by the reckoning of the world and they spent their 20th century being imperialist . 
  they did ? 
  i mean , up until the fall of the british empire sure , but afterwards ? 
   crimea is a tricky situation though it 's not , russia is a criminal and that 's that . 
   i would n't call its seizure an imperialist action . 
  i and the rest of the civilized world would . 
   but the fact of crimea returning russia itself is not imperialist it is . 
   having crimea back in russia in itself is not bad to me . 
  that 's because you are brainwashed by your government . 
   so 21 years before the estonian lyrics . 
  again , so ? 
   the song was the essence of finnish independency as it was for estonia . 
   and you still had the audacity to take another nations 's melody it was the unofficial anthem for almost five decades by then ... you had no single symbolic claim to it by then ... after all , why are you so surprised that two closely related nations ended up with the same patriotic song ? 
   peasants are a class , hence do not fall under the definition . 
  i do n't know that forced staying in villages was done in russian governorates . 
   the decision to restrict their movement was intentional , but not the famine . 
  yeah , that 's enough . 
  if you do n't know how law works , then perhaps not try to argue ? 
   as said , the political situation is irrelevant , calm your butthurt . 
  dude ...  artifacts that belong to crimeans should be returned to crimeans they will , as soon as the illegal occupation ends . 
   wether they 're illegally occupied by martians , russians or ukrainians . 
  no , you ca n't give property back to someone , who does n't own it . 
   i genuinely do not see major cultural differences . 
  the main one is homophobia . 
  you call this culture ?? 
  why am i even bothering ...  all have that pseudo-pagan thing going on with midsummer sure , although this is most likely just related to the higher latitudes and the importance of solstice . 
   all have bland food and a coffee addiction again , climate ( what grows ) and darkness . 
   all have somewhat antisocial tendencies again , the general north-south difference . 
  i did claim that lithuania is northern european , yet not nordic in that sense . 
  latvia is another story , up for quite a debate if they ever wanted to . 
   all have dying religious movements general trend in europe . 
   all ( maybe except estonia ) have fairly socialisty , conformist tendencies ... 
  there 's probably a strong post-socialist influence here that separates estonia , latvia and lithuania from the long time capitalist nordic countries . 
   agree to disagree i just ca n't understand how you could say that . 
   memelland ah , of course , silly me . 
  did it apply to a majority of local lithuanians as well ? 
  finally picked up a map , did n't you ? 
  yeah , are n't you buying electricity from abroad half the year ? 
   also , you must be fun at parties . 
  perhaps i do n't go to your kind of parties . 
  but why have a regional term named the same way as two out of three countries in that category are labeled ethnically ? 
  always nice to see fans of mine !, 
  i did just quickly check , when it was - i saw different dates . 
  ukraine agreed that it began on 20 february , andrey illarionov sort of confirmed that date . 
  of course there is a difference between when the operation began and when the masked and unmarked soldiers were first seen by the general public . 
   they were russian from the times of the russian empire you mean 1783 . 
  not earlier and definitely not `` always '' like russians often claim . 
   but crimeans were invaders too , i do n't see why they should hold the original claim . 
  one thing is being an invader in the 18th century and before , another is doing it in the time of modern international law , in 2014 . 
   seizure was illegal sure , but ukraine quashed the two referendums that crimeans had during ukraine russians are not indigenous to crimea , they should not get to decide such geopolitical decisions anyway . 
   i 'll condemn putin to my dying breath for shitting all over russia and turning us into an illiberal dictatorship , but i will never apologise for the re-joining crimea . 
  and that 's why your country will never have a civilized government . 
   most of the polls demonstrate this though this is irrelevant . 
  i agree that it belongs to the crimean tatars , but they are currently under an illegal foreign occupation , so better not give the gold to that criminal occupying state . 
  except in the us washington , dc is not the biggest city by far . 
  for city limits ? 
  estonia somehow staying afloat with the [ finno-ugric suicide hypothesis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugrian_suicide_hypothesis ) and the generally high suicide rates in post-socialist countries . 
  it 's just wave after wave of `` why would they step any step further '' . 
   but to say a nation like sweden will be ever attacked or even proxy attacked by any other nation is paranoia . 
  and we have a defense policy expert !, 
   there are countless reasons against it like what ? 
   what do n't you get ? 
  we do n't get how you do n't get that russia is a hostile imperialistic dictatorship . 
   seems a bit hyperbolic damn you naive westerners ... 
  i do n't think the problem is displaying it . 
  the problem is * where * . 
  exactly . 
  yet city limits is rather irrelevant . 
  better make a new one with metropolitan areas . 
  that 's why the city limits comparisons are rather irrelevant . 
  eventually yes , but they are currently under an illegal foreign occupation , so not right now . 
   most of whom do not want to be part of ukraine . 
  you do not know that . 
   ukrainian regime brainwash detected . 
   they 'll just squander it , let it rot in some dark room or even sell them to private collectors wow ... 
  the crimean tatars are known for strongly opposing the russian occupation ... 
  an `` expert '' in that context . 
  better in kiev than in moscow as moscow is the capital of the state that committed the crime . 
   we should do what is right , return national heritage to those whom it belongs to , crimeans . 
  we ca n't as there is no legitimate government representative there . 
   instead we could seek to get a promise from russia that when returned to crimea , the artifacts will in fact ( primarily ) stay in crimea . 
  promises are irrelevant to russia .
