   but show little solidarity when time comes to show . 
  can you point out one other issue where `` eastern europe '' has been so strongly against an eu policy ? 
  it 's been 12 years and this is the first major east-west ideological divide i 've encountered . 
  plus , estonia and latvia already have 30 % and 40 % non-natives ( i.e. 
  immigrants ) ... 
   help to fight other dictatorships . 
  and you call me naive . 
  elaborate . 
   we are living a good life , because other people have it a lot worse than us . 
  how is that the reason we are living a good life ? 
   we take advantage of that . 
  of what ? 
   and all you have to say to that is `` well , that 's just how it is . 
  they have to accept that . '', 
  no , they must accept that development does n't happen in magical speeds . 
  if you are a third world country and if you do n't find vast amounts of oil under your ground , then there is no possible way for your country to develop to the level of the first world countries during your lifetime . 
  there is no arrogance here , we should definitely help their countries develop , but it would be naive to think such change happens overnight . 
   the arrogance ... and you really do n't strike me as an educated person ... 
  that is true , i was going more along the line which conquests have been illegal in history and which conquests happened before any conquest could be deemed illegal . 
   although admittedly she had a very strong northern ( derry ? ), 
  accent . 
  other than the * dialect * , did she speak irish without an accent ? 
  growing threat because the hostility is growing , not of course because russia or its influence is growing . . 
  what about the hundreds of non-russian indigenous ethnic groups in russia ? 
  the relation with population on this map is pretty outstanding . . 
  the correct estonian word would be * kamraad * , which derives from the soviet comrade , but is used more like `` an associate '' or `` a mate '' in the non-soviet sense . 
  * seltsimees * can be translated as `` associate man '' and is used as `` a comrade '' in the soviet sense . 
   that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  profit is more important than peoples life 's . 
  no it is not . 
  but it is not the obligation of private properties to care that much about things that they are legally not bound to care about . 
   they decide where they produce . 
  so frigging naive ...  they do decide the working hours . 
  they do decide the wages . 
  yeah , based on local law . 
   then enlighten me . 
  step one : stop seeing the west as the root of all evil and you make yourself look a lot smarter . 
   taking advantage of those corrupt governments . 
  well if they do n't and their competitors do , then their company will go bankrupt and the other will prevail . 
   as long as everything stays cheap and there 's a profit to make , we can put morals aside for a second . 
  no , it is up to the state to change the law so that workers ' rights are respected . 
   again , an extremely dumb understanding of how the world works . 
  lol . 
   i 'm sure they 'll understand . 
  reality wo n't change based on whether they understand that or not . 
   climate change will greatly affect the world in the future . 
  sea levels rise . 
  countries will get flooded . 
  people will flee once again . 
  it 's already happening and is another consequence of being greedy . 
  it is happening because some countries wo n't agree to stop this . 
  as long as some countries will continue using cheap means of production , others can not really stop either . 
  it 's not really the west you have to blame here ...  we let them do the slave work no , their state lets them do the slave work . 
   give people a decent wage , with decent working hours in a decent working environment . 
  i think our societies have more or less done that . 
  what else do you want from western countries ? 
   do n't take their resources away nobody is just taking things away ...  and do n't sell weapons and tanks to their dictators , warlords , kings and whoever the fuck holds power . 
  and how many western countries are doing that ? 
  even the us mostly sells weapons to these dictatorships , who help to fight against other dictatorships . 
  weapons to warlords etc come from that nice place in our east . 
   have politicians by the balls whenever someone says something like that , i automatically assume that the person knows very little about law and politics . 
   my point is that we should be pissed at politicians and corporations so edgy ...  not the people who are affected by their actions by what actions ? 
   if you hear someone say that `` foreigners are taking his job '' , think again who 's fault that is . 
  that is the fault of the state for creating an environment , where foreign cheap and relatively underqualified laborers are allowed to be paid very small wages , so they take away the only capable jobs that the domestic cheap and relatively underqualified laborers could possibly do . 
   the foreign guy trying to make a living or the corporation producing jeans in bangladesh for a few cents an hour ? 
  neither , gosh ... 
  the legal idea of a state indeed is from the era of grotius , but very very very few sources of international law are from before the second half of the 19th century . 
   but by the same logic you could argue there was no international law until the founding of the un . 
  no , there definitely was , even what we would call `` modern international law '' . 
  and `` international law '' itself is much much older than that of course , yet its ancient meaning serves little purpose in the modern context that we use every day . 
  my point was that it was quite an empty argument . 
  i have never excused any nazi crime , i 'm just saying that the soviets were either just as bad or even worse than the nazis . 
   corporations produce where it 's cheapest . 
  well it would be pretty damn dumb to produce where it 's most expensive . 
   cheap labor with long working hours . 
  western companies do n't define maximum working hours in these countries . 
   do n't need to act like that 's a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's not , it 's just an extremely dumb understanding of how the world works . 
   and we happily agree . 
  agree with what ?? 
   what i said is that we blame them for wanting a better life . 
  yeah i do n't think we are doing that . 
   like they are criminals , because they want the same living standard as us . 
  no , they are not criminals , but they need to understand that realistically what they want is not possible in their lifetime . 
   it 's the consequence of how we treat this planet and the people living on it how are these two related ? 
  and how do we treat the people living on it ? 
   there is damage control and trying to do better in the future . 
  what kind of damage control do you suggest ? 
  did you really just compare languages by their geographic location ? 
   it can be forced on a democratically elected government . 
  because that democratically elected government has agreed to decide policies in this certain field on the eu level . 
   first world countries and their corporations are tearing this world apart really ? 
   exploiting people for fucking pennies aaand it 's the local states that allow this ...  taking away their resources you mean local corrupt politicians or military leaders sell it to the first world with cheap prices . 
   and we fucking complain that they seek a better life in europe . 
  the most capable share of their populations flocking to europe really ai n't going to help the rest of them and will only make things worse . 
   it 's completely absurd to blame people for wanting a better life . 
  it 's completely absurd to offer solutions that only make the problems worse both for the country of origin and for the country of destination . . 
  a lot of your rhetoric seems like an attempt to excuse the soviets . 
  and for the short era it did n't exist during independence ( 1920-1924 ) , we got [ a communist coup attempt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1924_estonian_coup_d%27\u00e9tat_attempt ) ... 
  technically , that is indeed better .
