  many anti-socialist revolutions in the late 1980s were entirely peaceful ... 
  there 's only one case that has to do with both lithuania and estonia :d, 
  and lithuania . 
  previously i was referring to your lithuanian flag , but even that is gone now :d, 
  no war is expected to have such terror and it was the communists , who turned the country into a dictatorship and therefore into a civil war so lenin could very well be blamed for that . 
  lenin was the leader of the country that became one of the most oppressive dictatorships of our time - and it started from the very beginning of his rule !, 
  these are graves of illegal invaders and rapists , they should be removed to a military cemetery and not praised with any monuments . 
  you 'd know it especially , if you know at least one or two cases :d, 
  there 's no difference . 
  in all honesty , i think this time , the russian occupation reached sweden as well . 
  because you like watch-thieves ? 
  seriusly , fox news could learn from this !, 
  which one ? 
  mass repression started during lenin 's rule . 
  he is equally responsible for the oppressive dictatorship as stalin . 
  he waged a war against estonia , his regime mass-murdered estonians , he founded the corrupt and oppressive communist system and the gulag system , where tens of thousands of estonians were sent to eventually . 
  why the heck should we not humiliate him ? 
  i study law and it 's about the permanent court of international justice of the league of nations and one of its cases . 
  good . 
  we should be more proactive as well in this department . 
  horrible things like [ this ] ( http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/9mai-pronkssodur-voidupuha-66103134.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://www.taevapiltnik.ee/static/body/pildid/pilt_975.jpg ) still exist in estonia . 
  well , at least some have been put to a suiting location , like [ this one at a junkyard ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/8555132.jpg ) , [ these guarding the toilets of the estonian museum of occupations ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/08/95/63/49/estonian-museum-of-occupations.jpg ) and [ this guarding some toilets in narva ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/300/19988466896_663e92b7a1_b.jpg ) . 
  shit , again ? 
  i 've stopped counting , it has happened too many times already for us . 
  they already took back the soviet anthem , now they should re-adopt the soviet flag so everyone could see what they really are . 
  writing my master 's thesis right now . 
  i 'll do literally anything to find an excuse for not writing for some period . 
  in estonia : 1 ) russian 2 ) estonian 3 ) english russian is often first as more estonians speak russian than russians speak estonian . 
  english is the case in bigger towns and especially town center and not a necessity in the countryside . 
  that is way beyond the point . 
  i am not a businessman . 
  however for businessmen it is not normal for them to start at one million dollars . 
  to build an empire starting with zero or only enough to pay for food and rent would have been remarkable . 
  to build it with a million dollar loan from your daddy is not . 
  reminds me of donald trump claiming to have earned his own wealth and only having 1 million dollars to start with , which was provided to him as a loan by his father ... 
  in opposition to a certain state controlled propaganda , perhaps everything else could be considered one opposing media , yet in that case the problem does n't lie on the one and only free media , but on the certain state controlled media itself . 
  and for the pluralism within russian media ... well it exists to a small degree , however not particularly in mainstream media . 
  putin has understood one key characteristic that separates him from soviet era leaders . 
  it 's that you do n't need to convince everyone in order to stay in rule - you only need to convince the wide majority . 
  you call the entire western media `` the only source '' and claim us to be brainwashed . 
  why are you genuinely interested in reading russian garbage propaganda ? 
  yeah , the `` just your opinion '' argument . 
  if you like to read russian propaganda whilst living in a western country , be my guest , just do n't be surprised if you 're suddenly hated in latvia . 
  yeah , that 's what makes it public . 
  its degree of control by the government is what sets them apart . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  state owned media can be both independent and state-controlled . 
  the bbc is independent public media while sputnik news is a state-controlled propaganda channel . 
  the best option for such `` news outlets '' is to leave them alone and make little mention of them . 
  attention only makes them more known and perhaps even more popular . 
  you named state-owned , not state controlled media outlets . 
  i never said that some certain view is always right . 
  i said that this particular media is controlled by russia so it is by default subjective propaganda . 
  is it warm under the tin-foil hat ? 
  i 'd argue against that . 
  totalitarian dictatorship is a qualification that should be reserved for extreme cases like north korea , china , syria , eritrea etc. 
  russia is still a dictatorship , but an authoritarian dictatorship . 
  that is true . 
  you are innocent until you decide not to appeal the charge . 
  it 's an age-old dilemma - should free speech be allowed even for organizations that aim to violently overturn the democratic system and in effect turn around the free speech itself ? 
  every media outlet anywhere in the world deals with propaganda to some degree . 
  but there 's a qualitative difference between free media and state-controlled non-independent propaganda media . 
  these people actually exist . 
  is it because you find your views are not stereotypical to serbs or because of some other reason . 
  i am genuinely interested . 
  okey dokey , found a very stereotypical serb here . 
  indeed , you are especially right . 
  even if all your neighboring countries and older democracies think differently , but whatever . 
  got to stick it to the man !, 
  different rules apply for infidels i guess . 
  that 's basically how the ussr collapsed ... 
  absolutely wonderful , thank you for this !, 
  there was also the case of there being areas of majority swedish areas in western finland anyways and any natural border between the island-filled southern gulf of bothnia would be west of the \u00c5land islands . 
  plus , the islands were incorporated into the swedish empire in the same time and within the same political entity as the rest of finland , and they were incorporated into the russian empire with finland . 
  and indeed the argument of good friendship between the two neighbors and the islands being made an autonomous unit of finland are important . 
  however , all this aside . 
  i still would have given the islands to sweden as swedes were the more-or-less indigenous people on the islands and they were geographically distinct enough from finland . 
  the languages may have split , but the words can remain the same or can be independently and similarly adopted in a later time . 
  however i do n't get what you mean similar in this case . 
  or do you mean the geographic direction of `` east '' ? 
  as i commented [ above ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4cbf1g/easter_in_european_languages/d1gvmjq ) , almost nobody uses that word as there are popular and more secular alternatives names . 
  * \u00fclest\u00f5usmisp\u00fchad * - `` resurrection holiday '' , basically only used by religious people , i.e. 
  by nobody . 
  * lihav\u00f5tted * - `` meat-takings '' , or * lihav\u00f5ttep\u00fchad * - `` meat-taking holiday '' , used by both religious and irreligious alike ; * munadep\u00fchad * - `` eggs holiday '' , used mostly by the irreligious and especially the children . 
  you are mixing up war deaths and the regime executing its people . 
  oh indeed . 
  now all there 's left to do is for him to subtly let us know that he is a german atheist vegan engineer , who does crossfit . 
  it is hard to take a definite stance on israel . 
  from one side , they are constantly being attacked by different militant groups and in close history , from almost all of their neighbors , yet israel itself is breaching international law as a daily activity ... 
  yes , i rather meant that they still have only one direction to attack its surroundings from , while isis controls the rest of the infrastructure around the town . 
  well we sort of agreed upon that already . 
  did you finish reading my comment ? 
  they might , but it 's still relatively far , although palmyra provides the main access route to the town . 
  plus , deir ez-zor itself is already in a not so sparse area , which in most is controlled by isis . 
  still think you 're overestimating the importance of one battle . 
  of course russian involvement has strengthened assad , everybody already knows this . 
  what do you think would be the point of the western leaders `` not wanting to admit it '' ? 
  the west understands very well that it lacks the interest to send forces to defeat isis , especially as sending them would be at the border of what is and what is not an illegal intervention according to international law . 
  intervening on humanitarian grounds even if the host country is against it , has happened before , but that would need definite proof that the syrian army is n't capable of handling it . 
  meanwhile , thanks to russian power play , the syrian army is relatively handling it , at least against isis .
