  plus , no wonder it became extremely popular after the russian invasion . 
   as for the crimean tatars , their situation at least did n't got worse : their language was not officially recognized , not it is . 
  even if you think that this is just a formality , in ukraine they were not allowed to have it . 
  of course it got worse , they were under an illegal foreign dictatorship , which closed their assembly and harasses their political figures . 
  i am not talking about biology , of course they are humans . 
  i am talking about their social status and how the rest of us should treat them . 
  yeah , because the serbs were trying to wipe out almost every non-serb population in former yugoslavia . 
   going to church is like a fancy live show . 
  you ca n't use your phone in the theater , can you ? 
  the theater is dark and you will ruin the experience for others . 
  ca n't see the same being a problem in a church . 
  and as much as i know , lutheran services are n't really `` fancy live shows '' either . 
  lol , blaming it on state capitalism . . 
  should you be wearing a protective helmet and your huge backpack , then there 's virtually no way you can hit anything while lying on the ground . 
  your best chances are on your knee . 
  standing up shooting position is also impossible as you ca n't really raise your arms that high with that packpack . 
   i 'm guessing finnish boys are raised on skis or something from a young age . 
  well that was very much so in estonia and finland for a long time , but city life has its disadvantages and fewer and fewer boys ever ski . 
   in america , skiing is a novelty that usually only wealthy people pursue . 
  because the rich do it only down the hill . 
  cross-country skiing is a bit different thing , 
   turns out skiing is way easier than trying to wade your way through waist deep snow in similar conditions . 
  oh of course , would still use skis when the snow is more than 30-40 cm deep . 
  `` no , your governments did . 
  you did n't have a referendum ! '', 
  i believe as in estonia there 's a problem nowadays that not many young men know how to ski . 
  they may know the basics , but they lack the balance . 
  i had this same problem myself . 
  all is fine on a road with pressed snow , but try skiing with that equipment through thick snow and up or down some hills and through bushes and you 'll find soon enough that an advanced ape is not made for this shit . 
  this thing is not a joke , skiing with that heavy equipment is quite difficult . 
  getting back up even more so , 
  why the heck ? 
  i mean , honestly asking , i have been to one ceremony ( a church wedding ) in my life and nobody cared about phones . 
  some were filming if i recall correctly . 
  you are clearly naive . 
   if you are not achieving what you hoped for and you are even harmed than no shame to give up ( especially in politics where deals are changed all the time ) i have achieved everything i wanted here - which was to argue against your idiotic arguments . 
   so russia is criminal state so what with exception of few really democratic western nations all other countries are either criminal or fuc.ked up in different ways . 
  so you can start sanctioning majority of countries based on some good reason . 
  of course there are many criminal states out there , but not many in the scale that russia is a criminal state . 
  in the course of this young century there have n't been any other illegal land grabs as much as i know , at least not to this scale . 
   i gave you arguments , you just don t like them . 
  finally you are getting it . 
  it 's not like every argument is an adequate argument . 
   no point for discussion on this topic any further . 
  i wonder if you have been calling all week to turkish embassy that you want explanation for their actions or if you were angry for yours on your strongest ally for their actions in middle east . 
  why would i be calling their embassy ? 
   i guess not , because you care only about russia and putins regime and how evil their government is right . 
  now that is just bs . 
  of course i care more about many other world issues , but most other such issues do n't have naive people from democratic countries defending the dictatorships and wanting to resort to an ill-fated appeasement policy . 
   world is not black and white . 
  of course , but how is this relevant ? 
   should we work with them anyway ? 
  yes no , we should not . 
  exclusion from world affairs is the thing russia with its need for a mighty status would not want to see happening . 
   how i said you if you want to do only the right and moral thing than you , can cooperate with only few western countries , maybe up to 7 , 8 , rest of the governments have their hands also dirty with terrible things ( some more , some less ) 7-8 countries are n't imperialist dictatorships that violently breach international law and steal territories from other countries ? 
  wow , i did not know that actually . 
  how did i insult you ? 
  i do n't know , rapists , xenophobes , murderers , gangsters etc are all subhumans to me , i do n't see what 's so wrong ( or even so extraordinary ) in stating that . 
   i gave many reasons , not maybe in 1 post rather multiple posts , because i was reacting on more people . 
  none of them were adequate and i argued against them . 
   but right now in 2nd half of 2016 it is pointless . 
  nothing changed , russian position won t change based on our sanctions ( and it s not like we can get much tougher sanctions , technically we can , but it would be very bad for every side ) . 
  yeah , and us changing the sanctions is giving up , rather pathetically and playing the victory into russian hands . 
   russian policy didnt change ( just like everyone with brain expected ) , yes sanctions did little bit harm ( but it was actually dip in oil price that harmed russian economy ) than followed inflation and , because they weren t prepared for sanctions also that had some influence in short term in long term it was oil price , tensions between russia and west that made russian rating 2nd class , less fdi and so on . 
  sanctions make the lives of the russian elite also uncomfortable . 
   so we did the right and moral thing . 
  now it is time to improove ties with russia in order to create much safer world and because we need them/who says no is idiot . 
  they are hydrocarbon superpower and pretty large export and investmemt market for our companies , not even mentioning they still have some limited political influence in certain countries . 
  there should be no free improvement of ties with russia until it stops being a criminal state . 
   some people will say bad evil russia we need sanctions ( bs ) if those people want to argument with justice and what is right than what about erdogan , , saudi arabia and many of western allies who should be on blacklist for million reasons . 
  not bs though . 
   to sanctions itself , if ukraine is the real reason ( which i doubt is only about ukraine ) cooperation with russia is 20x better than isolating them if we truly want to help ukrainians . 
  russia will continue to use cooperation , you seem to be very naive in this context . 
   look crimea is russian , there is nothing anyone can do about that ( and i personally agree with crimea being russian , just not witj circumstances and the way it was done ) basically western leaders are not even talking about it anymore , because everyone know how it is . 
  we can sanction the hell out of it . 
   so to donbass and rest of ukraine that is mess , inflation , gdp on levels of subsaharan africa and so on . . only with russian help we can make sure ukraine won t collapse and we won t have another millions refugees here and 10 million economic migrants here . 
  and already wanting to fulfill russian dreams ...  i have many more argument yet none of them are adequate ...  i meamt that discussion about possibility of russian invasion to estonia we had yesterday why would i be butthurt from such a discussion ? 
  yet the crimean tatars do n't have another homeland , but the russians do , a rather large one ...  after the referendum parliament of crimea declared independence and requested the russian government to admit it into russia . 
  russia did n't annex it , it just let crimea in . 
  lol, 
  for two years in a row , aggressive nations attacked russia . 
  in 1939 it was poland and finland . 
  in 1940 it was romania , estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  just to clarify , this is an incorrect map . 
  russians did n't control , nor live in eastern estonia at the time . 
  yuryev was not really founded by yaroslav i the wise , it was already an estonian fort named tarbatu . 
  crimean tatars are the most native population this land knows , definitely more than the russians . 
  plus , they do n't have any other native region . 
  you have half a continent for yourselves , why do you need to come and take land away from others ?? 
  yeah , except in our case they are indeed immigrant occupants and in your case they are indigenous minorities without an independent country out there . 
  i am open to normal discussion , i just do n't tolerate empty arguments . 
  what discussion from yesterday ? 
  they were a majority before russia invaded crimea ? 
  german civilians were expelled indeed , whether right or wrong , but germany caused this by being a warmonger , for which of course the ussr should have been punished as well . 
   crimean tatars were expelled because of their mass collaboration with the nazis during ww2 . 
  supporting nazis over soviets was a logical thing to do for many nations . 
  nobody should have been punished for that , especially by deporting the people from their indigenous homeland . 
  that was a soviet crime against humanity , nothing else !, 
   they still have their language as one of the 3 official . 
  those who were deported get payments from the government , so save your tears oh payments , so that makes it all right then !,
