   also , it does n't matter when the actions happened , they are still wrong . 
  btw do you know what abkhazia is doing right now ? 
  it 's not the right thing . 
  because it 's a russian puppet state . 
   apart from having deported and killing georgians , they are purging georgian completely and adopting russian instead . 
  who made that choice ? 
  it was n't putin , it was those people . 
  i do n't blame putin for that . 
  i blame putin for claiming the dissolution of that regime was a catastrophe . 
   and i do n't blame russia for that , i blame them . 
  well , it was a russian state with another name . 
  and of course i do n't blame all the russians for that , but their majority 's current views on that era do n't allow me to think any better either . 
   independence is one thing , but its horrible that anyone would kick anyone else out of their home and make them foreigners . 
  even if that population was sent there illegally to colonize and assimilate the people ? 
  athey want independence - fine . 
  but you do n't have to resort to things like that . 
  depends . 
  if that immigrant population is very anti-independence and their numbers do n't allow for the new state to function , then to a certain degree i do n't think it 's unjustified . 
   it 's always wrong . 
  a generalization . 
  always . 
  no matter who does it . 
  and if tomorrow russia kicks out whatever jews remain , i will criticise it . 
  because the jews are not a threat to the russian state . 
   it does n't matter to me that british did n't threaten india 's existence . 
  it is still wrong . 
  no it 's not really . 
  india would have every right to send them out . 
   and they still were oppressors . 
  who ? 
   regardless . 
  it 's not any better than anyone else , it 's not any better than france or spain or netherlands or russia or china or 4000 bce egypt . 
  better morally ? 
  but better legally - definitely yes . 
  said russian and soviet actions were crimes against international law . 
   also , ingria was n't it ? 
  give ingria a vote now and if they vote independent , then i support it . 
  same with dagestan , chechnya , tatarstan , scotland , catalonia , corsica , etc. 
  anywhere . 
  at least you are rational enough . 
  but of course ingrians are a dire minority now , but their population in the modern times barely reached to the st petersburg area . 
  plus , the ingrians consisted of the ingrian finns , the izhorians and the votes , who are almost extinct by now . 
   so reading through your last post again , you said that most services are given in russian too , but you would personally put an end to that . 
  well , i 'm happy the government at least is n't such a way . 
  you are in favor of russification ? 
  why so ? 
   call me whatever you want , an imperialist , a retard , idiot , i do n't care . 
  i feel i am defending what i think is right , and i think i am being civil enough with you , at least in comparison to how i could be . 
  and you too are defending what you think is right . 
  and i respect that at least you defend it . 
  because many do n't . 
  many will just shout into their television at anything happening and then go back to normality once its no longer a story . 
  that is the situation with russia and ukraine now , that no one talks about it anymore , because it 's no longer a story . 
  it 's an outrage says an average citizen anywhere , affected or not , and then goes to make their sandwich . 
  yet i do n't understand how a sane georgian can support the current russian policies or the soviet union . 
  are you the only pro-soviet georgian in your social group or are there more ? 
  because a pro-soviet estonian would never end up in an average estonian social group , that sort of person would be an instant outcast ... 
   you keep using that word even when it 's damn obvious that 's largely not what 's going on . 
  yeah ? 
  look at the maris , the mordvins , the udmurts , the komis - all are being actively russified . 
  the north caucasus is just lucky to live in the hemisphere , so it 's easier to fight for your rights !, 
  the ethnic balance may have stayed the same , but despite their ethnicity , many ethnic groups basically speak russian as their first language and local language as a second language . 
   it 's applicable in chechnya . 
  that 's basically it . 
  saying that for instance tatarstan or kalmykia is held together with sheer force is objectively moronic . 
  it 's not , it 's actually how things are !, 
   of course once again the realities still matter little considering we 're dealing with your great satan . 
  with great satan ? 
  the heck ? 
   yes , you do say ` wow ' a lot . 
  because i 'm stunned by your ignorant generalizations and exaggerations . 
   it 's apparently quite easy to shock you with ** logical ** interpretations of your viewpoints . 
  lol . 
   as yugoslavia decided which nation was in a federation . 
  as france decided that its provinces were n't separate nations . 
  as italy decided that regional italian identities were n't national identities . 
  as poland decided that silesia was n't a separate nation etc. 
  as the netherlands decided that limburg and friesland were n't separate nation-states . 
  and all of these have a right to self determination !, 
   pre-wwii / = / post wwii as far as international law goes . 
  not that much . 
   read the helsinki final act . 
  i 've read it , it does n't comply to your pov . 
   based on me not proposing inane projects that would lead to perennial territorial and ethnic conflicts based on my own personal biases against a certain ethnicity . 
  i knew it had little to do with law . 
   make whatever excuse you want . 
  yeah , sure . 
  if i want criminals arrested , you will say that i want people stripped from their liberties . 
  if i say i want people fined for speeding , you will say i am a communist , who wants to take away property from the people . 
  i mean , you are a master at exaggeration !, 
   common rhetorical device , anyone but you would 've immediately recognized that . 
  it 's still an exaggeration to the degree that would be certainly frowned upon in a court of law . 
   regional languages are doing well pretty much everywhere considering there 's been an exodus of ethnic russians in many of the republics , particularly in the north caucasus . 
  for instance 1989-2010 = russian population in dagestan shrunk by a third . 
  yeah , because they are at the hemisphere and are fighting for separation . 
   the russian population in chechnya was decimated to a tenth of what it was while chechens have grown by 500,000 and now constitute 95.3 percent of the population . 
  same . 
   in kabardino-balkaria the kabardey and balkar have each grown by a third and russians have declined by a fifth , with russians only making up 22.5 % of the population at this stage . 
  outside of the caucasus ; same . 
   russians in kalmykia are down to two thirds of what they were .
