  a death camp is still a right word , alternatively to labour camp . 
  the only difference is that the soviets made everyone work before their death . 
  as naftaly frenkel , the founder of the gulag archipelago said : `` we have to squeeze everything out of a prisoner in the first three months - after that we do n't need him anymore . '', 
  my great-grandfather managed to survive for 8 years in the gold mines of bitter kolyma , 6,000 km from home . 
  he died in the typical mine-disease of lung cancer , 2 years before his promised release . 
  how were n't they russian death camps again ? 
  because it 's mostly a low-lying country , which has historically been surrounded by 2-4 regional superpowers at a time . 
  yeah , are you going to try to convince me that they were invited there by barack obama ? 
  eastern europe was strongly controlled by a hostile superpower . 
  the libyan regime was only supported by some of its population and once that cracked , an intervention was justified . 
  no one in their right mind would ever intervene in at least a middle sized country at peace ( iraq ) . 
  one could intervene in a smaller country if the end result is fruitful ( grenada ) . . 
  if the people want to get rid of a dictator - then the world should help them - no matter what !, 
  however the thing is , this help should n't end there and should continue to enforce a new democratic regime . 
  otherwise yes , some new radical group may very well be taking over . 
  is n't it logical to be against existing/confirmed dictators firsthand and then be against unexisting/unconfirmed dictators ? 
  being against your own government is popular apparently and as they have heard about dictatorships and propaganda , they think this is the case for their country as well , in the mean time not recognizing real dictatorships at all ... 
  `` voice of america '' . 
  and that show allowed people behind the curtain hear the soviet lies at least . 
  it actually is - many russians and even many western millennials do n't bite through it . 
  yes , let 's all bow down to the threats of a dictator . 
  demigod to my ears sounds like a dictator , who has brainwashed his entire population ... and hitler was also doing a lot of good for germany ... 
  if those are accepted , then why the hell is it called `` asylum claims '' ? 
  logic says it would be the requested number . 
  in any case , the sanctions have to continue . 
  illegal annexation of foreign territory can not go unpunished in the 21st century , especially if it 's russia doing it in europe !, 
  ah , propaganda , the good ol' russian way . 
  please understand that both in syria and libya , the opposition at first did just want to take down the dictator . 
  however as happens in such a region , radical islamists used the situation in their advantage and especially as the wars continued one way or another , the democratic opposition left the field and the radicals gained strength . 
  that said , there was 0 reason we should have supported totalitarian dictators . 
  at least those societies had a chance against their oppressive regimes , at least one of those regimes was obliterated . 
  because the is was a legitimate threat in 2011 . 
  traitor hungarians !, 
  yeah , remember that wholly stable authoritarian government during the libyan civil war ? 
  fine , i 'll post the whole list then . 
  i also created a [ chart ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mheuaqn.png ) for better comparison . 
  origin | share of root words --------- | ---------- uralic | 2.4 % finno-ugric | 5.4 % finno-permic | 1.9 % finno-volgaic | 2.5 % finno-samic | 2.8 % finnic | 13.9 % finnish | 1.8 % estonian | 19.9 % artificial | 1.1 % proto-indo-european | 1.0 % indo-european and indo-iranian | 0.6 % proto-baltic and baltic | 2.5 % proto-latvian | 0.8 % old slavic | 1.2 % russian | 7.0 % proto-germanic and germanic | 7.5 % ( high ) german | 9.9 % low saxon | 14.9 % swedish | 2.8 % hebrew | 0.1 % romani | 0.1 %, 
  i really do n't see estonia , latvia and lithuania re-establishing border control between themselves ... 
  so if the same rate continues , then you 'll be accepting around 30k claims and will approve ca . 
  a lot , but definitely could be worse . 
  is there a statistic on how many of those claims are being approved ? 
  80 a day ? 
  the amount of borrowed word roots : - 380 proto-germanic and general germanic ; - 750 low saxon ; - 140 swedish ; - 500 ( high ) german . 
  from all estonians out there : could you fucking not ? 
  only poles are slavics in the top , by the way ... 
  those poor latvians , they are n't even leading in that category ... 
  holy hell , i was surprised too . 
  i remember one of the first thing i was thought about army legislation during conscription was that soldiers are not allowed to unionize . 
  as soon as they open their mouths , they can be labeled nazis and can be comfortably deported ... 
  estonians have borrowed more words though , but have almost raped them to fit them with estonian pronunciation . 
  oh do n't worry , there was the same kind of attitude in estonia even less than 10 years ago , but anti-corruption fight has been very active in the past years here . 
  the point of your whole story was that homicide rate is murders per population ... 
  just imagine the cnn headline : `` estonians seize control over all ports of the world '' . 
  there is an old saying and call for war : `` estonian border to the wall of china '' , 
  i am seriously starting to wonder whether you are 10 years old or something ... 
  that can not be true . 
  sort of , but seriously , people also stopped caring about such things during the recession . 
  wolve 's are a problem if there are too many of them . 
  that 's why they are being hunted . 
  it 's the highest value there is . 
  ugh , uncooked meat . . :d, 
  they do n't tolerate wolves much on the islands indeed . 
  and we have a lot of animals in estonia to legally hunt . 
  for example , we have over 12,000 elks , over 600 bears , about 22,000 wild boars , about 2000 deer and about 130 wolves . 
  oh gosh , never thought someone could get a food poisoning in the most known restaurant in estonia ... 
  being honest is not the same as being correct . 
  being honest means saying what you think is correct . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  and the most popular are indeed saaremaa and muhu and the main towns of tallinn , tartu and p\u00e4rnu for finns , and vormsi and the small islands in northern estonia for swedes . 
  the army is great , but lest we not forget that soldiers are not the most intelligent bunch of people . 
  at least check your sources before claiming something like that . 
  did you plan the surgery there in advance or did it just happen ? 
  you were charged little if you consider you 're a foreigner . 
  for us , health care usually covers most surgeries , or at least everything besides `` own payment '' . 
  especially if the quote is controversial , i suggest you not to copy it until you 've read the same in some more valuable sources . 
  many finns and swedes already retire in estonia , many in western estonia or on the islands . 
  except st petersburg is russia ... 
  if you are talking about the capitalist system in general , then yes , nothing has changed . 
  but you specifically referred to `` eastern european values '' of money , western cars , western luxury items , etc. 
  the 1990s and early 2000s were indeed extremely materialistic , but the global recession changed people and especially the younger population is much less materialistic . 
  desire of pigs ... jesus fucking christ how stupid the left wing sentiments sound . 
  ok , now i think you simply do n't understand that of course this is per capita and you are trying to state the obvious here . 
  1 ) of course we are talking about population size , not the area of the country . 
  2 ) of course per capita shows comparatively higher numbers for smaller states as very few cases can mean an actually equal murder rate per capita . 
  3 ) if you want to compare the murder rates in dense and sparse populations , then you can not just put the same number of cases into a smaller area and then divide it with the same population again . 
  of course you get the same results . 
  4 ) my point was that for example if finland was a more dense country with let 's say the same population , but on the area with the size of latvia , then it 's population density would be higher and its crime rate would probably be lower due to social and psychological reasons . 
  that would mean that among the same population in a smaller area , there wold be less murder cases . 
  that 's why the population of greenland is special - it is scattered on an especially large area and there are many murders per capita . 
  were they all living in one town somewhere in denmark let 's say , they would probably commit fewer murders and their murder rate would be lower . 
  yeah , of course , could be . 
  and of course not all murders are planned murders either ... 
  it was sloppy only thanks to the ridiculous amount of active opposition from ekre and other crazy radical folk . 
  oh boy . . of course we are talking about the per capita murder rate , not the actual number of murders . 
  yet the phenomenon is not that smaller countries have a higher murder rate , rather than more sparsely inhabited countries have higher murder rates , despite them being itself large or small . 
  greenland is a large country and so is finland including populationwise , relatively . 
  they both have relatively high murder rates . 
  never said i was offended . 
  yet i do agree about the us having an abnormally high homicide rates for a developed country . 
  but even all developed countries have their distinct problems , the us and neither belgium are exceptions here .
