  thanks for the explanation . 
  yeah , well , economically speaking , with central-eastern europe in general . 
  dubbing is unoriginal , it 's always the same voices and will not give away the needed expressions . 
  it does n't bother me at all to read the subtitles . 
  perhaps that 's why estonians are [ relatively good at english ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6c/ef_english_proficiency_index.svg/2000px-ef_english_proficiency_index.svg.png ) , compared to most other eastern europeans . 
  bratislava though , is one of the closest [ bigger ] cities to western europe in eastern europe  latvia 's problem is a far larger russian community and a relatively big influence of regional shady and possibly corrupted politicians , plus a lack of understanding about the country 's geopolitical role , as estonia has itself aligned with the nordics , and lithuania with poland , yet latvia stands in the middle with no clear view in sight . 
  communicating with latvians quite often , it always surprises me how estonians and latvians view corruption so differently . 
  while estonians are not really afraid to take down even the highest politicians on corruption ( mayor of tallinn , several coalition and opposition ministers , influential businessmen ) , latvians are more like `` what can you do ... '', 
   roscomnadzor 's newest regulations what are those ? 
  and it could also be that as wikipedia is an international webpage , it is relatively difficult for the kremlin to fight against it , as the anonymous editors will fire back quite quickly . 
   no idea about estonia though . 
  most developed ( `` exemplary '' ) republic of the soviet union ... 
  not only because of faith , but their social background , which is of course influenced by faith . 
  as someone pointed out in a previous topic , the uk has n't had many problems with pakistani muslim immigrants for example , yet more problems may arise with north and sub-saharan african and middle eastern muslim refugees . 
  in some countries , the same religion plays a larger role and their communities will not fully adapt to western societies , where they organize themselves into relatively closed sub-communities and the religious leaders continue to force their fundamentalist and often anti-european dogmas on the adherents . 
  fictional converting is irrelevant , it 's not about `` looking good on a paper '' , but being really able to change and integrate . 
  and no , i do think we should accept opposition ( democratic minded ) activists from such countries , but not people , who we know little to nothing about and not people in masses . 
  regular people fleeing war should be accepted into neighboring countries ( of which of course some are flooded with them already ) and countries with similar cultures , especially the arab states and northern africa . 
  indeed , though you can say the same about slovakia ( which is quite on top too though ) and latvia , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  of [ lynching negroes in america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) ? 
  gosh , why do you people use dubbing ? 
  `` but the west broke an [ ambiguous verbal ] agreement first by nato expanding into eastern europe ! '', 
  oh , slovenia , czech republic and estonia strong . 
  i do wonder , whether these three topping almost every list in ee , derives from the fact that they are geographically the closest to western european countries - they all share long [ land or maritime ] borders with we countries and are `` half-surrounded '' by them . 
  fully cooperate with the eu for 12 years . 
  be collectively against one policy that is relatively unpopular in western europe as well . 
  western europeans claim we are just in the union to get money and `` when it 's time for us to give something , we guys are n't home . '', 
  the east being richer raised the importance of the whole region , it created a stable democratic buffer between western europe and russia , it made the eu economy stronger in total , it turned formerly poor nations into aid givers . 
  how can you underestimate that ? 
  peace at heart . 
   our country rises out of the sea by itself . 
  oh , we can relate , 
  luckily they are mostly social democratic , not socialist . 
  i referred to his lack of understanding on why eastern europe is considering less , which derives from the decades of destructive economics under the soviet regime . 
   when it 's time for you to give something , you guys are n't home . 
  you act like the eu for the past 12 years has been nothing more than giving money to eastern europe . 
  you act all pretentious when eastern europe has a strong opinion on some policy that is not particularly popular in western europe either . 
   you can definitively expect an east-west break-up of the eu oh now i get it . 
  you are actually living in 1989 . 
   post-homo-sovieticus people homo sovieticus is not any person living under the soviet rule . 
  it was and is used for people , who actually believed in this crap . 
  do n't come insulting an estonian as he or his nation actually wanted to be under the soviet regime !, 
   you definitely do not pull your load , or you would n't need so many grants . 
  is this your actual understanding of post-socialist economics ? 
  people , who love to get things handed to them have not been much complaining these past 12 years , until this very same `` absolutely nuts '' immigration/refugee policy . 
  if those refugees are part of the same wider group , which poses a threat , then it 's the right thing to do to ban them . 
  i personally do n't think rules should be so absolute and some should be allowed , but it 's the general mentality - single muslim men should not be allowed in for example . 
   that they were also part of the ussr really ? 
  so was tajikistan ... we call estonia nordic because of the relation with the nordic countries . 
  is china anywhere near south korean development level ? 
  you provided irrelevant proof . 
  you know , not all kind of proof is adequate . 
  claiming germany had a right to invade poland in 1939 can not be proven by events that happened in 1920 and 1930 . 
  it really is as simple as that . 
  i already say almost the same things about ** religious ** jews that i say about muslims . 
  for me , all religions are equally moronic , yet some religions , especially islam , is more violent and dominating than others , though orthodox jews are quite close in that matter . 
   and lithuania how so ? 
   wannabe nordic spirit our history is related to lithuania , but when we point out our relation with nordic countries , we are nordic wannabes ? 
  in estonian law , because ussr law is not applicable in estonia . 
  as estonia is the same state that it was in 1940 , all people , who came here without the permission of the government of the republic of estonia are considered illegal immigrants . 
  you can deport illegal immigrants . 
  your `` case law '' was ridiculous , because you deny collective consciousness and the right of self determination to ethnic groups . 
  women are n't some kind of special legal subjects by the way ... 
  so what if they were born after estonian independence ? 
  estonia , like most europe , has a jus sanguinis citizenship law , meaning one of your parents must be a citizen for you to get automatic citizenship . 
  their crime was them being there . 
  children of illegal immigrants are still illegal immigrants . 
  mixed background people have one parent , who was an estonian citizen , there is no question here . 
  you think i want to deport estonians , who are able to speak russian ?? 
  why am i even arguing with you ? 
  the people of tallinn are almost half illegal russians , that 's why . 
  i do n't dislike democracy . 
  but why do you include illegal immigrants into the electorate ? 
  especially in a small country that can be overrun by immigrant , especially if your 100 times bigger neighbor really wants it . 
  i 'll make it simple then : political support = / = economy growing thanks to foreign financial support, 
  look people , a guy claims i whined on nationalsocialism sub when i claimed the holocaust actually happened . 
  go back to your cave !, 
  yet people often use it in that context ... that 's why estonia as a baltic country should be scrapped . 
  in russia , the mafia is the government . 
  apparently war is an adequate alternative to how they are living now ... 
  how would you rate the quality of russian wikipedia ? 
  could it be considered neutral or does it share the general russian mass media views ? 
  yeah , let 's forgive them all their past and current crimes !, 
  of course they do , they 're just trying to intimidate their neighbors and save what they can . 
  never seen a bidet in estonia . 
  in fact , never seen one in finland either . 
  textbook 1938-1939 . 
  it is not just about something being there worth having , it 's just textbook russian imperialism . 
  never said that religious jews are a normal bunch of people ... 
  but in israel there are many secular or barely religious jews , who i have nothing against . 
  i see no people as `` chosen people '' . 
  that 's a dumb concept . 
  because you give `` proof '' that is not proof at all . 
  i wanted proof that the south korean and taiwanese economies grew thanks to us money , he gave proof of south korea and taiwan being supported by the us politically ...  you yourself never provide evidence for your claims such as the mythical six million . 
  what six million ? 
  china outgrew estonia ? 
  wow , what a shock . 
  do you even economy ? 
  effectively they will be the same , though their reasons for coming here may be different . 
  understandable , but that 's why it 's easier to understand why a nondemocratic country may prosper in economy and the two are not so strongly related .
