  first how does that fit and how do you know what russians are really like ? 
  you 've seen them once or twice , i see hundreds of them every day ... 
  it 's weird because * kali * ( declension as * kalja * ) is kvas in estonian . 
  is that because you are not living next to these people and base your knowledge of russians more on stereotypes than we do ? 
  how could your opinion be unbiased if you live next to them ? 
  can your opinion be unbiased of your roommate ? 
   but if you mention russians to them they start foaming at the mouth . 
  perhaps they are just being reasonable and rational as you said ? 
  it 's fine taani !, 
  considering russia only gained control of crimea less than 250 years ago and most of the russian population moved there more than a century later , their population can not be considered indigenous for a long time to come . 
   that is not glorification . 
  oh come on ... 
  26 , why ? 
  mostly very good arguments , but you are still dissing a lot of similarities [ between estonia and the other nordic countries ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) . 
   . and remember the baltic way , via baltica , rail baltic , the baltic assembly , baltbat , air baltic ( ok , that 's our sneaky thing ) all rather due to geographical closeness . 
  the baltic way was just a united reaction in a similar situation . 
   i get why you want to be part of that cooler club it 's really not about that . 
  it 's that very little ties us to the concept `` baltic '' . 
   the nordic council just ai n't gon na happen and i really do n't care about that . 
   whites who owned slaves in the us south barely knew a thing about their real lives . 
  that 's really a different case as the blacks were slaves within the white society . 
  in the baltic countries it 's like there are two separate societies and they often do n't meet . 
   you can live your life alongside people , but if you do n't want to get to know them you will remain ignorant . 
  i have gotten to know them , that 's why i am opinionated like that . 
  if i only saw them afar and had either a positive or a negative impression on them , then that would surely be based on stereotypes . 
  ** every ** ethnic minority ? 
  gosh , their parliament must be huge !, 
  i know it 's sweet and all that you want to use the native name , but at least spell it correctly !, 
   a damning enough statement . 
  why so ? 
  how do you think those russians got there ... 
  well , glorifying somebody and not wanting to live under its regime seems to be the russian way . 
  russians in estonia also often glorify putin , yet do n't want to live in russia . 
   for many people , the fact that under stalin 's rule the ussr won the war trumps everything else . 
  the war , which he co-started with hitler ... 
  it does n't matter if it 's recent or not , it 's still true . 
   dude you are either borderline schizophrenic how so ? 
   i could never understand the genuine dislike in latvians and lithuanians or estonia , whichever the fuck of the three you are from , towards russia right now . 
  well , perhaps you should read up more on their history and current affairs . 
  and it 's estonia , thank you for asking ( although my flag sort of gave it away )  i ca n't think , of a single bad thing that was done to you in the last ... 20-25 years ? 
  how about constant food sanctions for no apparent reasons , constant threatening war games with hundreds of thousands of soldiers where they practice attacking enemy territory , how about the 2007 cyber attacks on estonia , how about the kidnapping of eston kohver from within estonia ? 
   you wana remind others about what their grandparent 's parents did to yours and use it as some sort of argument pivot to make your other idiotic points sound correct ? 
  i am going to use it as an argument as long as russia apologizes and stops denying its crimes and stops treating itself as a liberator of anybody . 
   you should apply for usa citizenship , fit right in at fox news . 
  hardly believe that , i am way irreligious and skeptical to fit in there . 
   you have a problem with visiting russians in your country ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
   so yeah some not very classy types visit you i am rather talking about the local russians . 
   so straight up the russians that ran for your countries , were the ones who needed to run away , criminals mostly . 
  what ? 
   all the stories you hear from rich ex ussr people ? 
  what rich ex ussr people ? 
   so yeah since you say you lived in russian majority neighborhoods all your life and have a bad impression of russians , it 's not really a fucking surprise is it . 
  no it is not . 
   that 's like going to live in some shitty area so in your idea all russian majority areas are shitty areas ? 
  i do n't disagree on that in estonia . 
  they are economically much poorer than the rest of estonia . 
   a butt hurt person from baltics = latvian/lithuanian/estonian . 
  russians do like to call us butt hurt , yet keep denying they murdered our ancestors ... 
  [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11506970/proportion-of-russians-who-respect-stalin-is-growing-poll-suggests.html ) . 
  plus , in a march 2016 levada center poll 54 % of russians believe that stalin played a positive role in the history and believed stalin was a wise leader who led the soviet union to prosperity . 
   so modern russia and putin are to blame on what stalin and the soviet union did ? 
  as long as russia keeps denying , refuses to apologize and continues to glorify the perpetrator . 
   modern russia and all fucking russians are happy with that ? 
  knowing that the same thing happened to your parents and your country happened to russians too , even in greater numbers . 
  in greater numbers of course as there are far more russians . 
  the percentage should be about the same , although a bit higher among the russians . 
  however the difference is that this was `` their regime '' , for us it was a foreign regime . 
   still you think that people in russia are happy with that , have you ever asked yourself why stalin corpse has been removed from lenin tomb ? 
  that 's not going to happen and you keep forgetting that most russians still glorify stalin . 
   give me and interview , a video , whatever of more than a dozen of actual russians where they say `` we should invade , deport and kill baltic people once more '' . 
  believe it or not , but i 've encountered hundreds of such people over the years on the internet . 
  however if you want some evidence , just look at zhirinovski . 
  plus putin has called the dissolution of the soviet union the greatest catastrophe of the 20th century . 
   you still keep saying that , i ask again , give me some real source of what you say , something that is not pure western bullshit . 
  source for what exactly ? 
   i 'm just out of words , he says more than once that even in schools kids know what soviet union did and that is bad , still you do n't care . 
  russia has never apologized to the baltic states and is de facto denying its crimes here . 
   i really hope you will once go in russia , in moscow or whatever city and see that your are wrong . 
  have you yourself been to russia ? 
  then i guess a formula should be constructed , based on what the average medal difference between bigger and smaller countries is . 
  plus , i guess the number of countries participating at a single games and the number of medals awarded at a single games also matter . 
  well , if you ask then they occupied my country , murdered our intellectual , military and political elite , installed a totalitarian dictatorship , destroyed my country 's economy for decades to come , stole land and property away from my ancestors , imprisoned my two great grandfathers and deported my 7 year old grandfather , his sister , his mother and grandmother to siberia . 
   yes , modern russia is proud of what stalin and soviet union did yes , because illegal occupations , cooperation with the nazis and and crimes against humanity is something to be proud of . 
  guess i will choose to fuck off in that case ...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfosguuwtf4 you act like russia has apologized at least once ... 
  good conversation !, 
  how was i racist against russia ? 
  and why would i behave the same way against germans or austrians ? 
  they have apologized for their crimes and they are not denying nor glorifying them , which sadly can not be said about russia . 
   according to those people , being born to russian parents means you will have `` soviet genetics '' i know quite many anti-putin and pro-western russians in estonia . 
  i do n't think it 's genetic , it 's societal . 
  i 've lived in russian majority neighborhoods all my life ... 
  i would n't say my understanding of russia is any different from that of an average estonian . 
  medals per participated games per capita is this . 
  and i think it 's the best we 've got . 
   ah yes , russia has magical powers of importing people all of sudden now ? 
  i do n't know whether to laugh or cry ...  past actions of stalin and soviet union are still guilts of modern russia right ? 
  well , yes . 
  especially if they keep denying their crimes and glorify stalin ...  please : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#cite_note-eurasianstudies.wordpress.com-14 what do you want me to see here ? 
   yes keep dreaming in ww3 between russia and usa while they defend the baltic states .
