  estonia is pretty much a center-right country . 
  conservative and liberal parties have a total of 58 % of the seats in parliament and even our social democrats are rather centrist for a social democratic party . 
  the current government is center-left for a change , but it 's unlikely to remain so after new elections as we reached that point through an internal politics mess . 
   but decades of soviet rule left their mark . 
  luckily this will not remain in the long run . 
  we are casting all the soviet influences away as quickly as possible . 
  denial about what ? 
  we are closer to finland and have a lot of scandinavian influences . 
  with latvia we share a lot society-wise , just do n't mix this up with culture . 
  sure , society-wise estonia has a lot of germanic influences and soviet remnants that are being cast away as quickly as possible . 
  not sure how this is related . 
  a. h. tammsaare with his pentalogy '' [ truth and justice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/truth_and_justice ) '' about life in estonia from about 1870-1930 and eduard vilde with his stories about estonian peasants in the 19th and early 20th century . 
   and i think we 're also very similar to latvia even though many estonians do n't acknowledge it . 
  in all things that are related to the baltic germans and soviet occupation . 
  this is a lot , granted , but this is not the deeper culture and mentality . 
  sweden , finland and latvia all declare war on estonia , but russia comes in to protect us . 
  hmm , where have i seen a similar scenario ... 
  i do n't have a problem with all the balkan countries joining eventually , but indeed - whoever claims turkey is european or democratic , really just has a hole instead of brain . 
  turkey has no place in the eu . 
  spring - three months of average skiing weather summer : three months of bad skiing weather autumn : three months of average skiing weather winter : three months of good skiing weather, 
  most international models per capita . 
  just saying . 
   i think the next popular thing is long drink/lonkero oh god , you crazy finns :d but estonians often call it * gunnar * , which is also a male given name . 
  this gon na be easy : 1940-1991 . 
  i mean , at one point i had more of my ancestors in siberia than in estonia ... / `` siberia '' is a wider concept used here for any prison or deportation site in russia, 
  some pacific islanders as well perhaps . 
  there are europeans making excuses for stalin , so what do you want from africans ... 
  can confirm . 
   from what i have seen in wiki , a typical white male is around 5 '10 or more . 
  no idea what that is . 
  but i 'm 186 cm tall - slightly above the average for a male in estonia . 
  again with this accent thing - the word should be reserved for people speaking a non-native language only . 
  but for estonian , it is probably that of both the two biggest estonian islands , saaremaa and hiiumaa . 
  they both have strong intonation differences and people of saaremaa combine together the \u00d5 and \u00d6 vowels , so they pronounce the \u00d5 as \u00d6 , making them clearly distinguishable from mainland estonians and also hiiumaa islanders . 
  you would not have a party - ai n't no political party unintelligent enough to fit your criteria . 
  it 's either manual or you should n't be among the driving community . 
  declare war and see them suffer in agony under the full might of our air force . 
  with teachers we use the formal pronouns ( * teie * / * te * ) in estonia . 
  perks of never having lived under communism . 
  the quality of life for a well-educated person in eastern europe ai n't that much different from that of western europe . 
  boiled potatoes , crushed with a fork and mixed with sour cream and cottage cheese . 
  add tomato salad with sour cream and cottage cheese next to it . 
  edit : and add salt to everything . 
  probably [ tangerines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdhwowsrrcs ) or [ the fencer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shmakhyc6by ) . 
  not on the roadside in that sense , but in every parish center . 
  the occurrence of a `` snow day '' in estonia would be spectacular enough to have a day off . 
  they make a lot of problems , i suggest you google it , i 've been banned for less . . 
  finns have a similar culture and similar mentality , it 's sort of refreshing to know that there is someone out there like that . 
  latvians have a similar experience of history with us , it 's sort of comforting to know that there is someone out there like that . 
  russians have a millennia-old desire to destroy our country , it 's sort of frightening to know that there is someone out there like that . 
  not cool at all ... 
  i am aware of this idiotic classification , but why mix up two utterly different things ? 
  gosh , the folks like you . 
  gosh , mind the grammar . 
  i was not talking about it . 
  if i speak slovenian and have an accent despite perfect grammar - it is incorrect . 
  if an australian speaks english with a different intonation , it is correct . 
  so why call it an accent ? 
  and i was just poking fun at finland . 
  but why use it in such a context ? 
  25 % russians + another 5 % russophone . 
  please do n't be that unintelligent ... 
  estonia is finnic , not baltic . 
  the woman [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iertl6defjg&amp;t=67s ) is mimicking a finnish speaker speaking estonian . 
   yet they are all factually correct they really are n't , that 's what 's wrong with you !, 
   but you see them as unintelligent , just because you do n't agree . 
  no , i present you actual facts !, 
  you have n't disproved any of them !, 
   the whole point is that the terms `` baltic '' and `` nordic '' should rather be seen as something geopolitical rather than cultural , ofc . 
  also cultural , but the most important thing is the geopolitical ties . 
  so estonia should be nordic . 
   why is it so important to you that estonia should be considered nordic ? 
  because i am a fan of geography . 
  i like such concepts and inconsistent and illogical meanings drive me insane . 
   you have no political ties to the nordic states lol  as estonia is far more liberal and generally right wing than we are . 
  that 's an oversimplification . 
  estonia underwent a soviet occupation - of course we hate everything related to the left !, 
  plus , you ca n't offer such social benefits with a post-socialist economy ...  what is wrong with being grouped , geopolitical , with lithuania and latvia geopolitically , we are and i have nothing against it . 
  just name it `` estonia , latvia and lithuania '' or `` estonia and the baltic states '' or whatever . 
  just remember , estonia is not baltic . 
  but if we use the word accent mainly for `` foreign accents '' , then why confuse the two . 
  a foreign accent is incorrect while a `` native accent '' is just as correct as that of any other region . 
  it may be a foreign country , but [ most ] australians still speak english as their native language , so their language is equally correct if compared to british english . 
  apparently it seems so . 
  wait , i did !, 
  i 'm sure it 's a dialect rather than an accent ... 
   estonians ( or rather finnic people ) were not original inhabitants of the land now called estonia . 
  yeah , there probably were some unknown people here before , but what of it ? 
  by no means are russians indigenous to estonia . 
  you mean different intonations . 
  but these are correct speech , unlike with foreign accents , which are incorrect speech . 
  what the hell would they be doing so far north ? 
  `` freed '', 
  repressive dictator . 
  period . 
   in madrid , it is illegal to sing or play instruments in the street for tips unless you pass an exam the region 's government . 
  i think something like that exists here as well , although i 'm quite sure it 's with the municipal government . 
  they will even give you a time and a place where you can perform , so that there wo n't be performers too often and that they would n't bother each other . 
  it has really improved the quality of such performers though . 
  same with estonia , although in pedestrian areas ( i.e.
