  why in seven hells would i dream of a world war , especially if it would most likely be fought in my country ? 
  i 'm not claiming anyone 's statements are correct , but the analogy here is ...  and then bringing up something happened more than 70 years ago , during the beginning of ww2 , with the soviet union and not the actual russia it 's just nonsense . 
  it 's not just `` something that happened more than 70 years ago '' , it 's the characteristic historical event that describes russia 's relations with its neighbors . 
  and the fact that it was the ussr back then and russia now is irrelevant . 
   because russia is the soviet union now ? 
  it was more or less the same country , ruled by the same ethnic group . 
  its systems may be different , but russia is the sole legal successor of the soviet union and it has its own dictatorship going on now , so ...  because stalin is still at power ? 
  does n't need to be , but he is still glorified by the majority of russians . 
   because baltic countries people are still being deported into gulags ? 
  i 'm not really sure how this is relevant to the issue . 
   are you serious ? 
  more or less . 
  the imperialist rhetoric in russia has stayed the same over the years . 
  victory in world war ii and their `` liberation '' of europe is written in their mental constitution . 
  russia deports the local people . 
  russia imports its own people . 
  russian people demand a right to self determination . 
  serbia agrees . 
  so that russia can claim that ukraine has declared war on them ? 
  how is that fearmongering ? 
  he is talking about the very real issue of not wanting to risk a war for many european countries . 
  many officials have been heard saying such things . 
  derailed how ? 
  the analogy fits perfectly ... 
  you act like russia has changed with those 75 years . 
  you act like russia has changed with those 75 years . 
  they need to [ catch up ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2016/aug/04/finland-tops-podium-for-most-olympic-medals-won-per-capita ) the other two finno-ugric nations , finland and estonia , by medals per capita . 
  then how is this thing still blamed on the georgians ? 
  the eu , like every state is a social contract . 
  to reach a contract , there has to be an agreement , at least by the majority . 
  to get the majority to agree on something is a difficult thing , that 's why all states today and still yet to come will always have problems with them - wanting to leave the system or topple the regime however is a whole new level of discontent . 
  some are indeed and i feel sorry for them , yet their entire noc and athletes included can not be trusted . 
  this particular person had tested positive on multiple accounts ... 
  their `` cursed capacity for suffering '' ? 
  i do enough , yet it 's still better than letting go . 
  yes , because it 's still better than letting things go . 
  yeah , and i 've never gotten that sentiment . 
  plus in this case , it 's all about the fair play of russian athletes , which can be strongly questioned today ... 
  there are standards for everyone , where people stop getting along with `` rivals '' after they commit crimes harsh enough . 
  1 . people suffer , foreign policy does n't change . 
  2 . people grow discontent . 
  3 . people resist in one way or another . 
  4 . government changes , foreign policy changes . 
  you just have to give it time , nothing happens overnight . 
   speculation really . 
  putin has never been so popular . 
  literally who knows , it 's not like you can fully trust those polls either . 
  plus , that discontent has n't grown yet , because the sanctions have n't had such an impact in a few years . 
  as said , you have to give it time , russia wo n't be able to use its reserves for a longer period of time ... 
  yeah , but the people booing are into politics , so ... plus , you do n't often boo the people , but the state . 
  i 've never understood this `` leave politics out of it '' mentality . 
  why should you leave politics out of anywhere ? 
   offering better trade and cooperation aaand . . letting go ...  sanctions do nothing they do quite enough actually . 
  russia has resorted to using up their reserves and the quality of life in russia has gone down quite a lot . 
   they would rather let their people suffer than adjust foreign policy . 
  that indeed , but sooner or later things will become unmanageable for the ruling regime . 
  indeed , but not for the last decade ( s ) at least . 
  let 's just say `` welcome back '' . 
  letting things go without them recognizing their crimes will achieve far less ... 
  it will only encourage them to continue such actions , which would put us on the border at direct threat . 
   the traditonal three baltic states traditional is an interesting choice of words , as at least up until the soviet occupation , finland was also considered a baltic state . 
   but your country just happens to be situated there with them . 
  that indeed , but a geographic oversimplification tends to make people make other assumptions as well . 
   i think it 's a bit like when people say finland is part of scandinavia , yet we 're really not , neither geographically or ethnically . 
  i guess that 's why someone came up with the term nordic . 
  ( only to cause more confusion , really . ), 
  i do n't think it causes more confusion , it 's just a matter of knowledge and these are not so difficult concepts in my opinion . 
   scotland is n't , yet they sometimes want in too !, 
  i do think that estonia has more to do with the nordic countries than scotland , but i 'm not really sure about latvia or especially catholic lithuania . 
  i do n't know , i remember learning these in school ... 
  it was not even high school , it was way before that . 
  i 'd say to the bulgarians : welcome to our world ... 
  i do get and respect when someone provides actual good arguments on why estonia is rather a baltic than a finnic or nordic country , but it does seem that most of the time the people arguing with me literally have no knowledge on linguistics , history or culture , yet seem very sure of themselves . 
  you probably are not that good in estonian history and culture knowledge ... 
  most of our state symbolism is tied with denmark - the flag of denmark , the coat of arms of estonia , tallinn and the surrounding harju county . 
  we had a historical swedish minority before world war ii and many place names in northeastern estonia are officially swedish names . 
  i am too lazy to continue , just read up about it [ here ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) . 
  of course it was from germans , but still quite a lot from swedes and danes as well + i never mentioned we have been influenced by norwegians . 
  now what else did you have a problem with ? 
  oh please enlighten me , which of the presented facts are incorrect . 
  so far only empty words from , your part . 
   they allowed russian troops on their territories , and both paid dearly for it basically estonia , latvia and lithuania in 1939-1940 ... 
  did n't the local ossetians still shell georgian villages first ? 
  then how can a person be a wannabe , when he is only pointing out facts ... 
  first of all , it 's purely logical that capitals and larger cities are more developed than the rest of the country . 
  and of course in these countries the differences are even bigger and the mentality should be changed . 
  but in this case he was commending slovakia for having one developed region , but the rest of the country is of the same colour than estonia , latvia or lithuania . 
  i was just saying that you could see the same differences in almost every country in these parts of the world ... 
  oh boy ... finnic does n't have to do anything with baltic other than its synonym baltic finnic being named after the same sea . 
  and [ tell me again ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/it\u00e4merensuomalaiset_kansat ) that it 's not a direct translation in finnish ... 
  thing is that baltic is not latvia alone - it 's also lithuania , with whom we share very little history and culture with . 
  i absolutely agree that estonia has a lot in common with latvia . 
  however the baltic nations are both latvia and lithuania and it should go rather along the ethnic lines . 
  now nordic is no ethnic grouping , but it does encompass northern germanic and finnic people and should therefore include estonia as well . 
  we also have the same genes with finland . 
  sure , it 's closer to latvia , but the closest nation to finns genetically is estonia . 
  plus modern studies do n't include the fact that the entire northern russian area used to be finno-ugric and many studies treat russia as a whole , which is idiotic . 
  the meeting point of finnic people along the gulf of finland was the modern st petersburg region , but it has seen a lot of russian immigration , so the ties have been broken . 
   the only nordic thing about you is the closeness of your language to finnish which in turn is very far away from all the other nordic languages . 
  it is far , but that 's why there are different groupings .
