  germany and japan , just like the ussr , were the ones , who started world war ii . 
  such bombings brought down morale and forced japan to surrender faster , saving perhaps millions of lives . 
  nothing like that applies to russian doings in syria , where it 's just supporting a totalitarian dictatorship against opposition forces . 
  i do n't think it was my comment you wanted to answer to . 
  we have normal fertility rates , our population loss has stabilized , our biggest generation ever has barely started to have children - things are not as sorrow as this forecast shows . 
  that is a random building near where i live . 
  it 's not my first day on the internet ... 
  there are about 15k people living in the radius from that spot to my home ... 
   they are attacking terror groups formed due to american and european greed . 
  in what universe ? 
  plus if i recall correctly , according to international law , if you have renounced your citizenship and do n't have a refugee status , no state has to treat you like a stateless person . 
  what a classic : 1 ) commit a crime ; 2 ) deny it happened ; 3 ) let them protest , occasionally call them `` butthurt '' ; 4 ) vaguely agree that something bad happened , do n't repeat it ; 5 ) never apologize ; 6 ) keep on repeating to your own countrymen that nothing bad ever happened ; 7 ) claim that you 're not going to keep apologizing ; 8 ) profit . 
  like in the entire europe ? 
  or just western europe ? 
  could work on a better title then ... 
  well thinking that post-socialist population decline would remain exactly the same for a hundred years is a bit retarded . 
  even for the un ... 
   most journeys do n't take longer than 15 minutes that is n't even particularly true . 
  [ my ride ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/dir/59.4485631,24.6916066/59.4364016,24.7575276/@59.4409638,24.7085487,13.5z/data=!4m3!4m2!3e3!5i1 ) takes 24 minutes and i do n't even live that far - there are 45 minute single rides as well . 
  and most single rides go from the center to the suburbs and due to tallinn 's geography , there are very few lines that avoid the center , which means that to get from one end of the city to another , it can easily take more than an hour . 
  the [ longest route i can think of ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/dir/vesiniidu/laagri/@59.4233521,24.6380497,28392m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x4692ed66f6f1400b:0x6634d7c1aeb255c4!2m2!1d24.91542!2d59.49087!1m5!1m1!1s0x4692bfcd0457739b:0x85eb311dcd37e47e!2m2!1d24.6235187!2d59.3472725!3e3 ) takes 1 hour 28 minutes . 
   also , nothing is ever free . 
  what a silly argument . 
  nice passive aggressiveness here . 
  but during searching my own explanation , i found someone else 's :  the topic is not about war crimes in general . 
  it 's about a specific country making an allegation against another specific country . 
  that 's it . 
  the problem with whataboutism is it completely derails the topic . 
  usually to hide something unpleasant . 
  like when someone has a hardon for russia , and does not want their view to be challenged . 
   you just retorted with `` no you ! '' . 
  oh boy - i did that several times in the comments ... 
  i was not about to repeat myself . 
   because why attempt a logical refutation or other such strenuous methods of argument when you can just reply `` i know you are , but what am i ? '' . 
  dude , you yourself used the argument that i do n't understand the concept , while it seems that you 're the one missing the point of it ...  but if you 're just going to behave like a child wow . . 
  the west should force them to integrate . 
  not assimilate , but their cultural and religious values should bend into what is considered mainstream here . 
  it is a wide spectrum ( far wider than in their own countries ) , but it definitely has its limits . 
   you seem to fundamentally misunderstand how tu quoque arguments work . 
  that 's what i can say about you !, 
   the purpose of the appeal to hypocrisy is to deflect or silence criticism and that was op 's sole point . 
  yet they have no problems with moving to that decadent western society . . 
   literally contradicting yourself here . 
  if you think there 's a contradiction there , then you have problems understanding the english language . 
   regardless , whether you like it or not many us allies are in effect to various degrees client states of the us in that they depend on us protection common protection is one thing . 
  it does n't mean they are client states ...  us approval of their foreign policy that 's like way beyond already ...  implicit dangers when going their own course in a significant way etc. 
  but ... do they want to make radically different foreign policy decisions ? 
  not to please the us , but just because they think in the same way ? 
   the cold war was n't specifically a dispute about the the political systems in place in central and eastern europe , and might i remind you the us and the uk imposed either their political system or various forms of right-wing dictatorships wherever they went as well . 
  they did n't impose their political systems , they imposed governments , which were n't pro-soviet . 
  my point stands - the ussr was the aggressor of the cold war . 
   it was justified because we are we and therefore good , and they are they and therefore evil . 
  the ussr and its cohorts were indeed the evil ones . 
  it is indeed as simple as that !, 
  this coming from a person , whose country was inside the socialist bloc . 
   invading other countries has nothing to do with self-defense . 
  imposing right-wing dictatorships has nothing to do with spreading democracy . 
  yes it does - the ussr was an existential threat to the democratic world and if the soviet union widened its sphere of influence , then a counter invasion was self-defense . 
   imposing right-wing dictatorships has nothing to do with spreading democracy . 
  it was not about spreading democracy as this task could have proven to be too difficult in many cases . 
  it was just to get rid of the pro-soviet government . 
  and rightfully so !, 
   same as western democratic countries and identical to your position then . 
  international law should be followed at all times ! ... 
  except when it does n't quite work to our benefit then we should just flagrantly ignore it ( while of course still demanding everyone else follow it to the letter ) . 
  but ** our benefit is the benefit of democratic nations !!!, 
  ** how do you not get this ??? 
  we are morally better !, 
   for what reason ? 
  why does the us get to make that call ? 
  it was the main contributor to the anti-soviet fight . 
   why does the us get to condemn millions of people to life under the boots of flagrant human rights abusers ? 
  because it was still better than the soviet union widening its sphere of influence . 
   because otherwise the political systems there may not be slightly left-wing or have a minor association with the soviet union ? 
  minor ? 
   suggesting that iran under mossadegh would 've been a soviet satellite is absurd , the countries of latin america even moreso . 
  many of them were close to the ussr . 
   not to mention that a good portion of these countries were somewhat democratic before the us imposed right-wing dictatorships through coups . 
  democratic countries that cooperated with the ussr deserved what they got !, 
  people were often brainwashed by soviet propaganda and they actually thought that socialism is a good thing . 
   and you do know that you can flip this argument around just as easily ? 
   that the soviet union was justified in setting up authoritarian dictatorships in the third world because us-supported human rights abuses in indonesia , south-korea , taiwan etc. 
  were for a time arguably worse than what soviet supported states were doing ? 
  what the actual f *** ... that only portrays your lack of knowledge on this subject . 
   what gives ` us ' the right to force our political model on them and kills hundreds of thousands if not millions in doing so ? 
  because the people in undemocratic countries do n't get to say what they want . 
  what we hear is the position of the illegitimate dictators . 
   do ` the people ' even want democracy ? 
  how do you know they do n't ? 
   if they do , do they even want our model of it ? 
  which model ? 
  it depends on the social composition of that state . 
   if they do want our model of it would they accept the casualties we would inflict to reach that goal ? 
  still . 
  better . 
  than . 
  dictatorship . 
   nonsense idealism and willful ignorance of the abuses caused by us foreign policy . 
  what ignorance ? 
  i am aware of them , i just claim that most of them were justified .
