  dude ...  i 'm not the one slinging insults . 
  because you are an ignorant person , who criticizes the establishment with unintelligent arguments ... 
  either come up with actual arguments ( which i 'm sure there are plenty ) , or grow up and stop being such a stereotypical tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist . 
   the elite group i was talking about were the commission who are not elected . 
  so your national government must be part of the elite group as well . 
   that we just condense the two discussions we 've got going into one ? 
  continue on the other one ? 
  i did n't even notice the other one was you . 
  it 's easier to answer arguments under the original discussion imo , but i do n't care that much , 
   but when political favour trading is how you get into office it starts to become a problem . 
  is this proven or just sensationalist media talking ? 
   remember that there 's no public election here what ? 
   i find that effective aristocracy to be a big step in the wrong direction . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't see this happening in my country . 
  i may not agree with the politician in power , but i do n't see them being where they are thanks to being in some effective aristocracy . 
   where the demos hold the power . 
  which is already the case . 
   it 's where i 'd like to see us moving towards i do n't . 
  this shit does n't work . 
  uninformed people ( even the ones with good education , who do n't know about specific issues ) can not make good decisions . 
  i do agree that sometimes referendums might be a good idea , but they are not preconditions to a democracy . 
   no , it 's not . 
  we do n't see representative views in politics - as the outcomes of referenda often show . 
  erm , no . 
  that 's not how any of this works ...  yes . 
  i can see from your type of arguments already how incapable you would be to make political decisions ... 
   parliament can not vote out a commissioner . 
  well , they can vote out the entire commission . 
   the issue with the commission is that you get there through political favour trading among a political class . 
  you mean , a person , who able to make compromises ? 
  yeah , such a shitty quality that needs to be stopped !, 
  there should be no compromises in politics ! ^ s  as the elected house is just there to rubber stamp the decisions that 's exactly how the parliament should work . 
  the word `` rubber stamp '' is a bit sensationalist here - if you are the one to say `` yes '' or `` no '' to every question , then you do hold the power ...  elite group the eu elite by what standards ? 
  meps are by default part of the elite due to their high positions . 
  if an unknown candidate becomes elected , then he or she is automatically part of the elite . 
  what 's exactly the problem here ? 
  what the hell is `` truly democratic '' ? 
  there is no such thing ... 
  in every situation there is at least a bit more that you could do . 
  plus it 's not like anyone in the world has direct democracy ...  graduate of political science of something akin to that . 
  as am i , hence why i get triggered by these unintelligent arguments . 
  it 's not like every politician is a graduate of that one field ...  but that because the demos do not hold the power you can not say they are a democracy . 
  again , wtf ... of course the demos holds the power !, 
  it 's a representative democracy , do you actually think that a direct democracy would work ? 
   mps are elected by the public ? 
  yes , and how are members of the cabinet ? 
   mp propose legislation in this country rather than a clique of appointed individuals who got where they are entirely through back room favour trading . 
  yeah that 's not how things actually work ... favour trading to buy off mps ? 
  i 'm sure it happens to a degree , but you need to remember that * personal * favors are illegal . 
  political favors are a reality and i see nothing bad in it . 
   `` everyone is dumb but me '' might not be the best approach , just saying . 
  no , just these people here providing the same age-old uneducated arguments , portraying they know jack shit how things actually work . 
   the european council and the european commission are one step removed from direct democracy by being handled and its positions chosen by elected representatives instead of popular vote . 
  sure . 
  that 's cause we want the member states to also have a word . 
  if we took the council away , other people would be coming in and claiming that their countries do n't get a say in the eu anymore . .  you can argue all day but in the end the only way eu citizens can directly influence eu institutions is by voting once every 5 years . 
  yes . 
  and in most countries it is every 4 years . 
  is this one year difference really that important ? 
   public suffrage is not inherently democratic unless the public is well informed , which is clearly not the case for the eu elections . 
  and with this i agree , understanding how the eu works is ** clearly a problem ** as demonstrated by this thread at least ...  so the argument for the eu being democratic rests on popular votes every 5 years carried by an uninformed public in order to elect one of 3 major eu institutions . 
  it 's not like the other institutions are a form of dictatorship ... 
  it 's still indirect democracy , just like with every national government , which we seem to be fine with ...  the european central bank jesus , do you elect members of the bank of spain at national elections ? 
  but in bicameral legislatures , it is also possible that different parties are in majority . 
  does n't make the system undemocratic . . 
  take them to the bank . . 
   estonia , latvia , and slovenia are combined due to disclosure control . 
  lol , instead of lithuania then . . :d, 
   but are n't the government cabinets in member states all elected politicians ? 
  there is just one universal precondition . 
  approval by the [ elected ] parliament . 
  we have several ministers , who did n't take part of elections . 
   so they do have to care about the public otherwise they can be voted out by their constituents . 
  directly , they do n't have to care about the approval of the public . 
  and this is good as popular decisions = / = good decisions . 
  indirectly of course they do have to worry as the parliament has the right to initiate a vote of no confidence , which might be a case especially when the public is strongly against the cabinet member . 
   it was only a few years ago the business minister lost their seat in the uk . 
  happens like every other year here , with the last entire cabinet being voted out of office in 2016 . 
   it always go back to a simple question , how do we get rid of oettinger ? 
  as long as juncker likes him , he is immune . 
  juncker is not the key person here ( although as the president of the commission , i 'm sure he has the right to replace his commissioners ? ), 
  - the parliament is , who can vote him out of the office even if juncker is madly in love with him . 
   maybe you are a little slow , chap , but the commission has no direct accountability to the electorate . 
  they are not elected by the people and can not be removed by the people . 
  how does your own government work ? 
  i 'm sure they did ... 
   he 's kinda right in that as the parliament can not propose legislation they are of much more limited use and power than they could be . 
  i kinda agree , although i do n't think it 's a precondition for a democracy for the parliament to get to initiate legislation . 
  as long as it has democratic control over the government ( the commission ) , and can replace it , it 's all fine . 
   it would only take that small change to turn the eu from something functionally undemocratic ( it really is right now as the elected house is just there to use or withhold a rubber stamp ) into something truly remarkable . 
  because here 's the difference . 
  the eu is a huge political compromise . 
  its politics are not like national politics where you can fight to the end with your goals through the media and parliament halls . 
  it has a lot to do with diplomacy and compromises , so it does n't look as contested , although it really is . 
  i 'm sure it * could * look more transparent , but lobby politics is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
   no , i 'm saying that this tool gives power to every member of the demos every member of the demos already has a power to vote , or be a candidate in elections . 
   thus is one way to achieve a democracy . 
  i.e not the main way . 
  do n't get me wrong - i think this is a good additional tool to a democratic society , but i would n't overemphasize its importance . 
   it 's no conspiracy that political power is only available to a select few people : well connected , political graduates , etc.
