  i 'm sure there are plenty of european countries , who dropped or climbed * a place * or more on that index . 
  or is the point that the drop by one place is newsworthy in finland ? 
  because i 'm relatively certain the media focuses on such seemingly important issues in every country . 
  i 'm quite sure hitler also justified his actions to a certain , personal degree ... 
  again , do you think generalplan ost was public knowledge ? 
  holy hell , wtf did i learn today ... 
  ugh , liberal marked as left wing ... also , how is fox news more `` reputable '' than cnn for example ? 
  it should change , but for that each member state needs to change the international agreement , which goes through the parliaments/heads of state and not just the ministries of defense . 
  what ? 
  nazis sent some people into incineration ovens , soviets sent other people to freeze and starve to death in siberia . 
  why would i consider the nazis worse personally if none of my ancestors suffered under their rule , but more than half of my ancestors alive at that time were directly persecuted by the soviets ? 
   if nazis succeeded , almost every city east of warsaw would be demolished and depopulated and tens upon tens of millions of innocent people from baltic states , ukraine , belarus and russia would be exterminated in the concentration camps and the other half would be forced in the labour camps . 
  do you think such plans were public knowledge ? 
  let 's talk about what they actually did before being taken down . 
   russia in the north , turkey or even syria in the east this is an odd sense of direction ( for europe in general ) . 
  it 's also not a treaty obligation like article 5 is for example . 
  no , you have to save it first and then not read it !, 
  indeed , there are brainwashed people in every country . 
  practical for whom ? 
  if the soviets murdered more of your people , how can you say that living under them was any better than living under nazis ? 
  it 's still e ** e ** sti , 
  still ca n't make peace with the fact that they replaced our beautiful [ blue passport ] ( http://g3.nh.ee/images/pix/900x600/1fw9eq-mpfo/uus-euroopa-liidu-pass-74037217.jpg ) with the red one , considering what the [ soviet passport ] ( http://makemepassport.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/ussr_new.png ) looked like . . 
  ingria is a historical region with rich finnic culture , which you guys russified . 
   here i am . 
  all of this happened post war ( nsfw ) or 2 % of the population , mostly women and children , being sent to siberia in cattle wagons ... 
  yes , because many sovereign states in europe must be more nationalistic than these possibly pro-secessionist areas . 
  how can ingria have strong nationalist ( or do n't you mean secessionist ? ), 
  tendencies if almost the entire indigenous finnic population was eradicated by stalin ? 
  by looking at the trend , this is barely newsworthy for r/europe . 
  the drop was bigger last year . 
   eastern europe already gets german monies , which they are free to spend on their military . 
  erm , no . 
  no soviet/russian sources = no crime . 
  we are n't keeping citizenship from anyone . 
  if they want it , they can apply for it , just like in most other european countries . 
  we can not force our citizenship onto them either ... 
  and we are all repressing local russians , despite all currently cleaning toilets in germany . 
  is n't that what i wrote though ? 
  ( i mean , i can not see a spelling error ), 
  yes , for sure , but by european standards this is nothing special , unlike for emigration , in which especially latvia and lithuania have been way above european average . 
  why not ? 
  the rest just send their kids to harjumaa . 
  in the context of demographics and population decline , it 's pretty basic knowledge that our problems are in emigration , not fertility rates . 
  you do n't remember the original legend ? 
  it had the prefix `` america '' in the names of half the cultural groups ... 
  the real question then is , what will turkey be like in the future if evolution continues in other countries . 
  i think there should be some international agreement on this to fix the issue of future evolution discrepancies . 
  good luck at banning evolution !, 
  well , it also removes the claim that half of these cultural groups were american , so ... 
  most non-tallinner estonians dislike tallinn , while currently driving towards tallinn , 
  wow , i ca n't believe that removing the legend actually made it better !, 
  still shitty though , but the original legend was just horrible ... 
  7 ice road is now open for traffic . 
  this is a map of the official ice roads in estonia , which can be opened during colder winters . 
  there have been winters when only the shorter roads have been opened and it 's likely that this is the case during this winter as well . 
  their lengths are : - 1 ) 10 km - 2 ) 25 km ( longest in europe ) - 3 ) 12 km - 4 ) 15 km - 5 ) 3 km - 6 ) 15 km - 7 ) 8 km for those interested , [ this ] ( http://www.davidrumsey.com/rumsey/size4/d5005/1103043.jpg ) is the regular ice coverage over the baltic sea by march ( i.e. 
  the month with the widest ice coverage ) . 
  you are surprised that emigration is a bigger issue than fertility rate ? 
  i think estonian is even more illogical for finns and hungarians as it 's the only finno-ugric language that has lost its vowel harmony and that 's why the pronunciation is `` all over the place '' , while the other two are more restricted in their phonetics . 
  i have a few principal questions about this : - what exactly would the mps vote for ? 
  `` for leaving the eu '' or `` for operating based on the will of the people '' ? 
  because i think i would vote differently in these two questions . 
  - should mps not vote based on their personal opinion ? 
  i mean , is n't this why they are mps in the first place ? 
  they do n't have the obligation to vote based on the will of the people nor based on their constituencies , that 's sort of the essence of representative democracy , they are independent . 
  to be fair , they are most likely not citizens yet . 
   russians finally gaining estonian citizenship after living here for 50 years no , that would not increase the population . 
  quite many young people , often political dissidents , migrate from russia to estonia . 
  wonder if you would have called czechoslovakia and poland a small germanophobic clique in 1939 . 
  not really such a big news - our population has been at a [ relative standstill ] ( https://www.stat.ee/pressiteade-2017-008 ) for about a decade now , although mostly in a slight decrease . 
  the stark population decreases seen in latvia and lithuania has n't really been the case here due to slightly higher wealth levels and the closeness of finland and sweden . 
  if our people have gone to work there , they 've mostly retained their homes in estonia and many have returned . 
  the same has n't been the case with latvia and lithuania , who have lost people mostly to the uk and ireland , which are too far to comfortably return once in a while . 
  east slavic minorities in estonia and latvia almost do n't exist on maps because they are confined to small urban areas . 
  ok before anything else : what does the `` america '' stand for in all these categories ? 
  explains the popularity . 
  never even heard of her . 
  rather ask - what austerity ? 
   and a large nato pressence does little for the people in those countrys why do you think nato should do anything for the people in these countries besides defending them ? 
  to exclude the older classics a bit , then [ * muu ei loe * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftl74blnai4 ) ( `` nothing else matters '' ) by curly strings is a very good one in my opinion . 
  we 've [ always had a very low public debt rate ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/estonia/government-debt-to-gdp ) . 
  taking loans is seen rather negatively in public 's eyes if done by the government . 
  the usage of `` ceremonial heads of states '' is pretty widespread and it almost universally includes estonia . 
  i 'm still relatively certain you lack wider knowledge in any of this . 
  if you do n't know what you 're talking about , then why open your mouth at all ? 
  just compare this to [ other countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_system_of_government ) and you will see that our system is not that much different from any other parliamentary republic . 
   only the president can name them . 
  and only the parliament can make the decision . 
   usually ` ceremonial presidents ' are those whose only , or main duties are awarding honours and foreign visits . 
  like the president of germany . 
  and estonian president easily falls within that category . 
   delaying power is not something to be underestimated . 
  bills have deadlines . 
  president can also dismiss the parliament and announce new elections . 
  sure , but this falls within the * de facto * powers - legally she can be overriden by the parliament and the supreme court . 
   the un means nohing . 
  do you even want to be taken seriously ? 
  there is such a thing called international law though . 
  if you look really closely , then you can find some european countries on that list . 
   not for all offices .
