  stop putting words into my mouth and get a grip of what i am actually saying !, 
  that is a whole different issue and you just turned my argument upside down ... 
  like which ones ? 
   why are n't we bombing bahrain and supporting democratic ngos of sa ( to help a birth of a revolution ) then ? 
  although there was/is a considerable anti-government movement in bahrain , there is virtually none in saudi arabia . 
  it is one of the strongest militaries in the world and going against sa like that would be even more stupid than going against iraq . 
   everything that can be said here , has been said . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
  your last argument about why are n't we attacking sa just shows how little you have understood my arguments here . 
   i find your one-sidemindedness uninteresting since quite some time . 
  my what ? 
   so your argument to expand the rights of citizens is to reduce the rights enjoyed by citizens ? 
  interesting :  actually , yes . 
  this is what our democracies are all about . 
  they are not just majority rule , they are also civil rights and the protection of minorities . 
  in fact , these go above majority rule . 
  well you can always do that . 
  you can do many things technically . 
  question is , should they . 
  it wo n't really work with women as they are half the population and i would n't see a referendum taking it away , but it is possible for some other smaller minority . 
  it would n't go to places because the illegitimate government would hold the means to stop this . 
  that 's why it is necessary that we send them help because it 's the moral thing to do . 
  soon you 'll ask me to define existence ... free and fair elections are those , where everybody is allowed to be candidates , everybody is allowed to vote and the votes given end up being the same as in official election reports . 
   someone , somewhere , is making a judgment call about what is free , fair , democratic , whatever . 
  yes , i agree with that . 
   if you look at the outcome of that call , historically , you see that it is tainted by the interests of the one making the call . 
  yet if there are international standards for that , then it 's a non-issue . 
  elections in democratic countries are usually observed by internal and external observers . 
   for recent examples , look e.g. 
  at the shit pulled by saudi arabia or bahrain . 
  are those free and fair elections ?!, 
  lol , what madman would call them free and fair ? 
   yes , dumb , because this is a scale . 
  some countries are mor4 democratic , some less of course it 's a scale , i never said it is n't . 
   you ca n't put a cut-off point to decide of course you can . 
   and the thing is , that point changes depending on who judges . 
  yet we can define the truth by looking several different classifications together . 
   so yes , you are either naive or pushing an agenda . 
  ca n't still see the naivety here , i can only see you protecting dictatorships with you anti-western agenda . 
  i think there should be some wider logic behind that . 
  that referendums could only broaden civil liberties and not tighten them . 
  should there ever be a need to tighten them , it should be a job of the parliament with at least a little more sanity and responsibility . 
  no one is punishing kids in estonia . 
  every stateless child under 15 gets automatic citizenship in estonia if he or she has permanently lived in estonia for at least 5 years . 
   the situation is a shit for everybody . 
  no , not really . 
  non-citizens live their lives quite similarly to citizens . 
   making it harder will not help . 
  providing automatic citizenship to soviet-brainwashed people , who do n't speak the official language , follow russian media and are against estonian independence , will definitely not help estonia . 
   you have to deal with it . 
  so we occupied you and tried to suppress you with sending colonizers to russify you and now you just have to deal with it ...  blame game , blame game . . lol . 
  these were actually the same people , who quite literally occupied estonia and committed repressions ...  and it is all minorities fault ? 
  you act like that minority does n't have a connected mother state right behind our borders . 
  a mother state with more than a 100x our population . 
  a mother state where they are indigenous people . 
  a minority , who are not indigenous to estonia . 
  a minority , who got here as a result of a crime against international law . 
   joke . 
  all is a joke if you do n't know basic history or local conditions . 
  support for granting them automatic citizenship is basically nonexistent among ethnic estonians . 
  i seriously have n't met a single one like that . 
  but most i 've met have ancestors directly repressed by russians , who are still alive . 
  if estonia and latvia had given them citizenship upon independence and removed it now , then it would be the same . 
  but this is not happening , so you can forget your wet dreams . 
   every country violating human rights claims that . 
  yeah , and there is virtually only one undemocratic country with a very bad record of violating human rights saying that estonia is violating human rights . 
  oh , and plus a number of kremlin-brainwashed people , mostly from serbia , but sometimes also from montenegro it seems . 
   as xenophobic politics of baltic states lol . 
  how are or politics any more xenophobic than those in most of even democratic parts of the old world ? 
  what is the legislative difference even ? 
   in poland we have german minority , despite centuries of wars they have representation in sejm and they can use german in their region i do n't know , most germans were forced to leave poland and so many died due to that process . 
  nothing like that has ever happened here . 
  we grant cultural autonomies for our minorities , which decide to use it . 
  so far the ingrian finns and estonian swedes use that . 
  our russians are represented in the parliament as well , but not automatically . 
  ethnic russian citizens can vote for whomever they want . 
   they have there like 20 % of population in certain areas and no one really cares about allowing bilingual naming and stuff : because they are indigenous peoples of these regions . 
  russians only came to estonia and latvia en masse in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  illegally . 
  during an illegal occupation . 
  to colonize . 
  to russify . 
  we have swedish language place names in northwestern estonia , just look at [ vormsi parish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vormsi_parish ) or [ noarootsi parish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noarootsi_parish ) or some of [ viimsi parish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viimsi_parish ) . 
  we also have dual place names in southeastern estonia for the [ v\u00f5ros ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v\u00f5ros ) and [ setos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/setos ) . 
  we also have a different russian minority - russian old believer villages on the coast of lake peipus . 
  nearly all of them are estonian citizens as their ancestors were estonian citizens . 
  same goes for other russians , whose ancestors were estonian citizens . 
  same goes for many naturalized citizens . 
  most russians without a citizenship can barely speak any estonian , often refuse to learn it , are often quite negative about estonian independence , quite often deny that the ussr illegally occupied estonia , quite often praise putin and watch only kremlin television . 
  these are different worlds , these people do n't deserve the citizenship of the country they once oppressed . 
  in narva we have less than 4 % estonians . 
  before the war it had an estonian majority . 
  do you know what happened ? 
  the soviet occupation . 
  ethnic estonians ** were not allowed to return to live in narva ** and new russian settlers were brought in to subjugate the estonian nation . 
  entire towns were built to random places . 
  their existence here is new and unnatural ( in the sense of how they got here ) , they mostly live in ghetto-like areas , almost never in the countryside . 
  without knowing the estonian context , you generalize too much and do n't understand why a nation would n't want to give automatic citizenship to people , who have lived here for so long . 
  they have lived here indeed , but they have not lived with us . 
  two parallel societies have existed in estonia since they got here and there is relatively little interaction between the two groups until a person is integrated .
