  and again , just utterly forgetting the foreign occupation going on here . 
  do you blame the poles for the holocaust as well ? 
  that 's pretty common . 
  they liberated us from the evil nazi occupation [ before the evil nazi occupation happened ] , yet blame us for the crimes that happened during the nazi occupation . 
  i mean , we are pretty used to the effects of their propaganda . 
   good thing is that balts figured out how not to feel guilt . 
  i am not a balt and what should i feel guilt for ? 
  for something that my ancestors had nothing to do with ? 
  for something that my nation did n't do ? 
  do you conveniently forget that it was a foreign occupation going on here and these were foreign policies , i.e. 
  foreign crimes ? 
  it 's russian propaganda or even hackers . 
  who claimed there was no genocide ? 
  who claimed estonia was n't declared judenfrei ? 
  nice example of a strawman argument . 
   although my personal experience could n't be considered as valid source , there are numerous polls results before and after reunion - crimeans did want to join russia . 
  it 's also explains why reunion did n't lead to violence . 
  this has no bearing on the legal matter , you understand ? 
   do n't trust emotional media , trust data . 
  trust is one issue , a legitimate referendum would be another . 
   nobody is complaining . 
  lol . 
   because people do n't like government that is trying terrorise them ? 
  who was trying to terrorize whom ? 
   in a legal context you can get russian visa and verify crimeans mood personaly . 
  no , legally i need a ukrainian visa . 
  if i am not allowed in , then that 's that . 
  so that 's why russia had the right to invade in 2014 ... 
  though it may have been the case if they had n't continued with the claims and invasions so that it caused a world war . 
  but dare say anything against themselves murdering people en masse ... 
  occupation was legal , the separation was not . 
  in the most democratic and very short era this nation has ever seen and will probably see in a while . 
   it 's absolutely the same thing with kosovo it is really not . 
  kosovo was made an exception due to the serbian actions . 
  more than half sovereign states have since recognized its independence . 
  ah , [ i member ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states#soviet_occupation_and_annexation_1940.e2.80.931941 ) !, 
   and that 's pretty rich from the estonian , whoes people were so productive in jews/russian extermination that 's pretty stereotypical russian propaganda working on you . 
   if serious , russian military just gave a chance for crimeans to leave ukraine . 
  i just wo n't believe that you seriously believe that . 
   crimeans had been waiting for this moment like from soviet union collapse . 
  how do you know that ? 
   nope , i guess you can expand your thoughts ? 
  because national republics have so many rights in russia ...  i mean vast majority of ukrainians , russians and even tatars on the pennisula . 
  again , how do you know that ? 
   considering the fact that ukrainian authority approved food/water/electricity blockades . 
  why is that relevant ? 
   lots of foreigner companies have done polls/surveys in crimea , i hardly recommend you to educate yourself in this area . 
  why are they relevant in the legal context ? 
  sure , it definitely does n't , especially considering how your portrayed analogy worked out in the end . 
   it all depends on how the population feels about it . 
  even if that 's the criteria , how do you even know what the population of crimea thinks about it ? 
  estonia understands how pointless it is to demand territories from russia . 
  does n't make your actions legal . 
   - crimeans are people , not a commodity that can be exchanged between countries . 
  that 's pretty rich coming from a russian ...  national republics wo n't approve hypothetical crimea return . 
  do you even understand how hypocritical you are ? 
   there is huge hate between ukrainians and crimeans you mean russians in crimea . 
  said by every edgy `` political analyst '' , who does n't know how international law works ... 
   international law is irrelevant in most cases . 
  except it 's not . 
   tons of countries break those laws without proper consequences . 
  yeah , `` tons '' . 
  all to that degree as well ... 
   why ? 
  are you scared because of your 25 % russian population ? 
  no , i am scared by your lack of knowledge on international law and recent international events . 
  `` but there is no reason to think he wants more . '', 
  again . 
  that 's not how international law works ... 
  that was an illegitimate referendum . 
  gosh , why are we still on this ? 
  much of the stalinist era falls before or after wartime . 
   ignorant question but is n't a large portion of that region ethnically russian anyways in terms of culture language and values anyways ? 
  you are right . 
  what does it change ? 
   crimea is the same thing . 
  if they want to be independent or part of russia is up to them . 
  no , it 's not . 
  russia imported their own people into a relatively recent land grab and now they claim they have rights reserved to ethnic groups ... 
   well , almost 70 % of the population that lives there are from russia , so it makes sense to keep it for themselves . 
  til taking territories by breaching international law `` makes sense '' if you have imported your own people into these territories . 
   if people claim that crimea should be ukrainian , then you should also say that kosovo should be serbian . 
  no ... what makes you even say that ? 
  that 's not how international law works . 
  well they already wo n't return [ parts of it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/baltic_states_borders.jpg ) . 
  how does yours have evidence that it works ? 
  plenty of countries smaller than the eu have had just as high/low economic growth . 
  you are just inventing facts here ... 
  you may have it , but international law is still above that . 
  it also had the protection of human rights in it . 
  the uk does have a constitution ... 
  it just does n't have one codified act called `` the constitution '' . 
  which probably cooperate with eurostat . 
  oh no-no , then comes time for the `` but finno-ugric is mongoloid '' argument !, 
  ah , so you agree that your definitions of how big a monetarily tied area is , is arbitrary . 
  ah , good . 
  but could regions vary their monetary policy based on their regional economies specific needs ? 
  what is n't working ? 
  the eu ? 
  because you could very well blame the independence of the uk like this as it bears little relation to the economic situation if you wo n't provide more specific criticism or show the link between the eu and weak economic growth .
