  is n't most of europe named in non-local languages after people from the other side of europe ? 
  how am i supposed to come up with what the locals used in ancient times ? 
  i use the facts known to me through the internet . 
  but , why is it an imperialist term all of the sudden ? 
  well , there are different types of russian people i have countered on the internet . 
  it goes something like this : - 10 % yes the ussr was bad and russia is again a dictatorship . 
  - 20 % yes the ussr was bad , but now russia is great !, 
  - 20 % yes the ussr was bad , but this was due to the jews and the ukrainians etc. 
  - 20 % the ussr was great - gorbachev betrayed its people , but luckily russia is great again !, 
  - 20 % the ussr was great and russia will soon be taking back its possessions !, 
  - 10 % all russian history is great and soon we will take over the world as the us collapses imminently !, 
  oh they definitely would . 
  the ussr was great in their mind . 
   you see : even so-called pro-russian president was trying to make a deal with the eu . 
  are you brain damaged ? 
  that 's where the problems started - he canceled the treaty with no real excuse and against the wishes of his people . 
  the people wanted a western-oriented future , not one tied to decadent russia . 
  everything is going worse mainly because russia is actively waging a war against ukraine , because russian-supported rebels control one of the economically strongest regions and have even stolen its factories . 
  and it 's not like ukraine does n't have corruption , but the main reason for economic decline is a war with russia , loss of industrial output and loss of trade relations with russia . 
  it 's great britain . 
  there is no island called britain . 
  in the name of all the people outside the british isles , i claim that this is not a political term . 
  why then do you claim it is ? 
  australia and new zealand do n't constitute one archipelago . 
  firstly , because australia is a continental landmass and secondly because new zealand is relatively far from australia - further than iceland is from the british isles . 
  if you want to refer to both of them at once , then you could name them oceania . 
  and again you bring up political terms , which the british isles are not as it predates any state called `` british '' on these islands . 
  recycle imperialism ? 
  roman imperialism ? 
  what has rome ever done to you ? 
  `` little britain '' later adopted a separate name , yet great britain was still named as larger of the two main british isles . 
  jesus fucking christ , how many examples do you need ? 
   `` the earliest known use of the phrase brytish iles in the english language is dated 1577 in a work by john dee '' source :  john dee , 1577 . 
  1577 j. arte navigation , p. 65 `` the syncere intent , and faythfull aduise , of georgius gemistus pletho , was , i could . . frame and shape very much of gemistus those his two greek orations . . for our brytish iles , and in better and more allowable manner . '', 
  from the oed , s.v. 
   some time in the 17th century . 
  now that is clearly a lie . 
   what 's a `` common geographical term '' ? 
  you serious ? 
  ireland is not british as we automatically think about the political term . 
  however the island of ireland ( which is not politically only irish either ) is one of the british isles - two geographical terms . 
  the british isles are no more british than they are irish in that sense . 
   the classical writer claudius ptolemy , referred to the larger island as great britain ( megale bretannia ) and to ireland as little britain ( mikra brettania ) in his work , almagest ( 147 -- 148 ad ) . 
  taken from wikipedia , with a source to :  claudius ptolemy ( 1898 ) . 
  in heiberg , j.l. 
  vol .1 syntaxis mathematica . 
  that ancient geographer is who gave that place the common geographical name ... 
  in seven hells , is this concept really so difficult to grasp ? 
  if the whole world uses it since that era , how can you then claim that the term is politically referring to the legacy of the british empire and ownership of the united kingdom ? 
  yeah ... 
  i have n't justified ... 
  yet the revolution was sparked by the president 's sudden dismissal of the treaty with the eu ... and russia clearly supported the old regime over the new . 
  in what terms ? 
  proof !, 
  what ? 
  the geographical reality shows me that there are two big islands west of mainland europe , which together with adjacent islands form one archipelago , which now needs a name . 
  `` british isles '' is the most suiting name from history . 
  australia and new zealand do n't constitute one archipelago . 
  we still are talking about geographic terms , right ? 
  you act like geographic regions can not have names at all - that we should name all countries separately . 
   `` the classical writer claudius ptolemy , referred to the larger island as great britain ( megale bretannia ) and to ireland as little britain ( mikra brettania ) in his work , almagest ( 147 -- 148 ad ) . '', 
  taken from wikipedia , with a source referring to :  claudius ptolemy ( 1898 ) . 
  in heiberg , j.l. 
  vol .1 syntaxis mathematica . 
  when exactly do you think this was invented ?? 
  something having a common geographical term does not mean that one has ownership over the other . 
  here 's your logical fallacy . 
  because there is nothing `` french '' about indochina , nor is there anything `` british '' about north america , at least geographically speaking . 
  these were purely political terms . 
  however there is something british about the island of ireland , as it was called `` little britain '' already in ancient times . 
  the fact that it is now named `` ireland '' does n't change the fact that it is part of the geographical wider archipelago called the `` british isles '' . 
  yet its president was sabotaged by russia as late as 2014 ... 
  separate mainland in what context ? 
  if you look at the map of europe , then there are two large islands west of european mainland - a distinct archipelago . 
  this archipelago needs a name . 
  you do know that one island is called `` great britain '' , right , like the larger of the british isles . 
  it is in fact as simple as that !, 
  and when was this term coined in your right mind ? 
  because it 's an ancient term , originating from a time long before the british empire ... 
  do n't act like you know how other ethnic groups were treated in the soviet union . 
  it was pure russian chauvinism , nothing more !, 
  and how were these incidents any different from the rebellious donbass ? 
  it 's all orchestrated by russia ... just do n't be so gullible next time . 
  definitely not comparable . 
  the political term `` british '' derives from the geographical term `` british isles '' , which was in whole controlled by the english and was due to its geographic location named the `` british empire '' . 
  the modern political term `` british '' derives from great britain only , yet this does not affect the old geographical term . 
  like the geographical term '' [ east european plain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_european_plain ) '' also encompasses areas that are not politically nor even primarily geographically east european ( like finland or the baltic states ) , yet i have no problem with this being used as a geographic term as this plain needs a name and as it is generally in the eastern side of europe , why would i have something against it ? 
  just do n't mix up geographic and political terms and you should be fine with the british isles as well . 
  because never in my life have i heard anyone use the expressions `` anglo-celtic isles '' or `` british and irish isles '' . 
  the british isles is a non-political term if you only knew the history behind it , which you should . 
  i mean , `` islands around great britain '' would be derogatory or `` english isles '' etc , but not british isles . 
  geographically these territories are british , just not all related to `` great britain '' - i.e. 
  the political `` british '' . 
  what exactly is wrong with wikipedia ? 
  it 's a perfectly valuable source if you know how to use it . 
  the article titles almost certainly depict the no . 
  1 used term in those languages , which mostly relate to how different countries name this archipelago . 
  independence was the rational choice no . 
  everything that came after that was not as important , including the economy . 
  there 's no point in arguing whether the sanctions were rational or not - of course they affected negatively european countries as well , especially those close to russia , but they have still been one of the biggest supporters of these sanctions as it 's seen as an issue of national defense .
