  please do n't compare their dictatorships to the soviet regime . 
  currently installing updates . 
  thing is it is based on data that shows the first 25 years after the fall of socialism and guesses the same trend will continue 25-60 years after socialism . 
  still my favourite !, 
  even better . 
  then you truly demonstrate how little you know - you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  that 's not how any of this works , 
   it 's been 26 years since end of occupation which is n't that long to change the effects of 50 years of totalitarian dictatorship . 
   if it 's one thing that stops us from being western , it 's our own mentality mentality of * those * people in our countries that were influenced by the soviet occupation . 
  soviet actions caused our current problems . 
  saying we are 100 % unaffected by our history is just ridiculous . 
  we are rather strongly affected by it and even though we have changed a lot and will continue to change , it wo n't happen overnight , that would be impossible . 
  yeah , in certain contexts ( like this one ) it is fine . 
  in other contexts it 's just stupid and even arrogant . 
  * your * definition of nationalism . 
   no , i do n't . 
  most nationalistic movements that happens in nations which are already a country are most of the times bad or awful . 
  is it perhaps that you only hear about nationalism of bigger countries where it tends to suppress smaller nations ? 
  you do n't hear much about nationalism in smaller countries ...  preserving your culture is n't always a good thing . 
  i did n't say that , but this is hardly the case here . 
   how society interacts is also part of it . 
  indeed , but it 's a very different kind of culture . 
  quite often the nationalism in such small states does n't focus on protecting such things . 
   and nationalistic movements within countries that already exist always come up to defend such stuff . 
  yeah , but that 's definitely not the general definition used . 
  indeed , so it 's not as simple as that . 
  but one should not generalize and say that nationalism is either always good or always bad . 
  about 0 pagans and 10 christians for me . 
  indeed , same with abortions . 
  all to be changed back in the 1930s . 
   yea , you 're so enlightened . 
  apparently i am . 
  it is quite apparent that you do n't know much about the socialist regimes and the post-socialist societies . 
   my point stands . 
  i do n't wan na be in a cultural union ( because that 's what the eu feels being aimed at atm ) with countries where the majority denies homosexuals ( or transsexuals ) their rights . 
  jesus fucking christ ... , how high and mighty can you be ?? 
  part of your own country was under a similar regime and is this how much empathy and understanding you really have ?? 
  again , people with pink glasses everywhere ... do you think the soviet occupation had no affect on such social issues ? 
  how naive can you be ? 
  give it time . 
  we are a nordic country because our culture and history is similar to them , but * of course * five decades of soviet occupation left its mark - it 's just rather unfair to blame us for it . 
  plus , as always , the russian immigrants influence such statistics a lot . 
   we ca n't blame that on soviets though wtf :d  it 's our own brainwashed society that needs to mature at last of course , but as said before - there is no realistic way for it to change this fast . 
  young people are still affected by the teachings of the old . 
  they do change , but not all of them at once . 
  it 's not like all people who went to school since 1991 are of a completely different mindset than those five years older than them . 
   it 's careless and idiotic to pull out the soviet occupation card when explaining why little j\u0101nis or jaanus is a raging homophobe . 
  of course , but it 's logical that there still are so many people like that here , but not so many in a neighboring country that was n't under soviet occupation . 
  the `` hard card '' is just reality . 
   but we 've had already 26ish years to reverse it . 
  and we 've done wonders , but you can not expect a 100 % change in such a short time . 
   only 19 - 31 % of people still being pro-equal rights is an indicator of failed policies , lack of dialogue . 
  policies and dialogue may fail because of those aforementioned reasons as well  the fight continues , but sort of stupid to blame the whole society for what the soviets caused . 
   and the soviet legacy means jack shit for me . 
  i 'd rather try to fight the actual contemporary problem . 
  you contradict yourself with these two sentences . 
  i know a couple of people like that . 
  i had quite hot disagreements in this issue with a couple of friends only about five years ago . 
  as soon as the mainstream among their age and education group changed , so did they . 
   maybe there 's just way more people above 34 ? 
  definitely not * that * many . 
  it 's really not a meme , look how [ strongly in decline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_estonia#/media/file:religious_differences_in_estonia.png ) religion is among ethnic estonians . 
  no , of course i am saying nothing like that . 
  i am only commenting on the issue at hand . 
   many estonias quite happily participated in the soviet era . 
  nice historical revisionism you 've got there . 
  but of course some liked it , plus some participated out of necessity ( you could n't succeed as a teacher without being a member of the party ) . 
  but the ones , who did it happily , were in a dire minority - just look how few ethnic estonians opposed to the liberal power change in the estonian communist party . 
   i get that how now its easier to pretend that all of the blame is on someone else . 
  all the blame ** is on someone else ** . 
   much of the crimes of the ussr were made by a man who wasnt russian , yet russia gets the blame . 
  he was the ruler of russia , loved by russians . 
  ** russia gets the blame !, 
   the term ` legal successor ' isnt really defined . 
  i 'm sorry , but you do n't get international law . 
  like which lies ? 
  you do understand that you live in a dictatorship and that your media is controlled by the state , right ? 
  you do know that there is a strong discord between those two sentences , right ? 
  if you give something away `` as a gift '' , then it belongs to the recipient , end of story . 
   and we still think putin is different then erdocunt ? 
  i do n't think that many people think so . 
  turkey is still remarkably more democratic , but it 's sure heading in the same direction . 
  less social , weaker family structure , more free land etc. 
  nobody is denying it . 
  we are just reminding you * why * this divide exists lest you forget from time to time . 
  oh boy , so naive . 
  we should get into homogay though !, 
  but we * know * what is wrong with our societies and it was caused by the soviet union . 
  it 's not like we can change the results of 50 years of totalitarian dictatorship that quickly . 
  people grown up in the system are still strongly affected by it . 
  all praise this single map !, 
  many socialist countries also had democracy before . 
  indeed . 
  and most likely younger generations know far more lgbt people . 
  my grandmother once said that all homosexuals should be sent to a distant island , but when we explained that they are regular people in the society , she cooled off about it . 
  because of different history associated with their nationalism . 
  french , english and dutch nationalism colonized much of the world , while here nationalism is what got us independent . 
  denmark 's in the same general direction from iceland . 
   yes yes blame the soviet union on all your troubles . 
  what if is related to most of our troubles ?
