  is it any wonder then , the critics ask , that moscow should baulk also at the idea of georgia or ukraine entering the western orbit ? 
   in short , russia believes that it has been treated unfairly since the end of the cold war . 
  so russia is mad because the west does n't allow russia to be a 21st century imperialist power ... 
  how low can you ? 
  because why the heck not ? 
   are you denying that `` the west '' has killed civilians ? 
  you do understand that not all killings of civilians are illegal , right ? 
   would you suggest that western media ( especially na-media ) is objective ? 
  western media is not a monolith , quite unlike the russian media . 
  there are far more irreligious people in estonia . 
  the non-religious thing in latvia may be more a belief in god , while in estonia it 's some life force or clairvoyants or horoscopes or other just as stupid shit . 
  this pretentious dicks thing is a latvian invention . 
  i seriously do n't get why you get your panties twisted when we claim we are nordic . 
  i 'm sorry , we are not a baltic people and therefore not baltic . 
  what is so difficult to grasp here ? 
  why do you insist on us necessarily having to be better than balts because of that ? 
   us has ships in the black sea when they ought to have little business there . 
  little business ? 
  they have three military allies that border the sea ...  on the shores of new york because the shores of new york are us territorial waters . 
   us holds dominance over cuba and stopped the soviets from escalating the situation . 
  good . 
   nato is escalating the situation by building their bases closer and closer to russia 's heartland . 
  insane . 
  russia is clearly the aggressor in europe and considering it holds far more forces at nato borders , then nato has every right in this situation to enlarge its defensive forces in the region . 
   that is aggressive behaviour . 
  you clearly do n't understand what aggression is . 
  yeah , i know , the issue is similar in estonia , although to a different degree . 
  except they were hostile weaponry on cuban soil and both cuba and the ussr were dictatorships . 
  nato has no hostile weaponry in the baltic states , although russia has paratroopers right behind our borders ...  the aggression is very clearly there where ? 
  under your tin foil hat ? 
   and crimea is as important for russia as cuba was and is for the us . 
  crimea was not russian territory and last i checked the us is n't occupying cuba . 
   but they are not the only culprit to the matter . 
  of course they are . 
   dude , either you severly lack knowledge yourself or you must think that everyone else is very stupid , because most of those things apply to latvia as well for 3/4 of latvia and not at all for lithuania and only some certain things . 
  that is , in a lot of ways , i think most of latvia is culturally nordic . 
  the only difference is that you are unquestionably baltic ( which does n't mean that it 's necessarily colliding with any nordic identity ) , so your own identity is n't so tied with being a nordic country . 
   cute attempt at being a scandinavian country * nordic, 
  but the question remains : why are we n/a ? 
   invade cyrpus , while the rest of the world watched . 
   thanks a lot world . 
  i repeat , it 's not like you 're the only ones ... 
  nato establishes bases on nato territory . 
  there is zero aggression here . 
  russian forces still outnumber them like 10 to 1 on `` most fronts '' ... 
  what do you think you 're the only ones ? 
  on world scale ( something the google search could answer to ) , the countries are relatively rich . . 
  want to disregard facts , but ca n't , so let 's claim the other guy is crying . 
   estonia is not any more nordic than other baltic states you only portray your lack of knowledge here ... 
  so be kind and [ educate yourself ] ( http://www.nordicestonia.com ) . 
   nobody thinks estonians are linguistically baltic that dude thought we are all western slavs , i would n't take his word on anything ...  go answer op what do i need to answer , i already did ... 
  talk about [ religious divide ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/religious_differences_in_estonia.png ) ... 
   ecclectic spirituality that is one thing , but most people are just irreligious and do n't care about other labels , plus for many `` atheism '' is a thing of the soviet era . 
   they are considered small because they look like small blobs right next to russia that is irrelevant - on world scale they are small countries - not tiny , but just small . 
   netherlands or belgium which are also small countries in terms of area . 
   so it should have been `` so empty '' lithuania is a tad bit denser than estonia and latvia though . 
  the overseas areas should n't be counted , otherwise it would make the map kind of retarded . 
  how is lithuania so atheist ? 
  even latvia is n't that much . 
  poor is also a relative term . 
  all three are rather rich on world scale . 
   how does a broad term like baltic gives you an identity ? 
  for me ? 
  it does n't . 
  but latvians are balts , i.e. 
  baltic people , therefore their identity is baltic . 
   i thought officially your people are among the west slavic culture group , i 'm i wrong ? 
  my people or the latvian people ? 
  neither , though ...  but i 've seen so many different comments about this matter on this subreddit . 
  then learn a thing or two from them ...  slavic , baltic , native , nordic to name a few . 
  latvia : ~ ~ slavic ~ ~ , baltic , native , ~ ~ nordic ~ ~ estonia : ~ ~ slavic , baltic , ~ ~ native , nordic + finnic, 
   nope . 
  it only means that some of them think the whole population want and ready for it , but it might not necessarily be the truth . 
  basically one person is against , then you could claim the same gibberish . 
   although those are called revolutions they not technically are . 
  what ??? 
   in 1989 it was a wave of liberation , when the countries could change their political system . 
  no one opposed the idea , not the government , nor the people . 
  it was merely a restructuring . 
  that 's really not the case ... 
  the ussr was initially very against estonia , latvia and lithuania seceding , plus there was a violent civil war in romania . 
   in estonia it was the fight against ussr and later russia , not against its government . 
  lol . 
   both the majority of people and the government were united in their cause . 
  it was a self determination act . 
  the estonian government , indeed . 
  but i do n't get why you choose to be so picky on this subject . 
   in england 1640 is the occurrence when revolution has failed . 
  the monarchy was restored , and a lots of people died . 
  quite a lot later ...  but later the conversion to democracy was gradual , which actually did work . 
  well sure it worked , but how is that relevant ? 
   my point stands . 
  you 're just amusing ...  this is not what happens in syria . 
  how can you be so full of yourself ?? 
  if the dictator fights against , then the people are not ready . 
  what kind of sick logic is that ? 
   if there are repressions , that means that only the minority of the people support the idea . 
  if there is war , it means that many people support , but still not enough that is sickening !, 
   if there is silent coup ( like in tunisia ) , that means that people are united . 
  there was a silent coup ?
