  people still tip , it 's just that you do n't really have to and you are a dick if you demand it . 
  difficult to say , people travel around in finland , sweden and latvia quite a lot , but rarely stay in one destination for longer . 
   money for his visits to tallinn oh i know at least one business scenario . 
  how do you differentiate between an estonian introvert and an estonian extrovert ? 
  the extrovert will be looking at * your * shoes when talking to you . 
  eye contact . 
  that 's how you get eye contact . 
  why would you do that ? 
  an american girl was talking to her estonian friend on the morning bus the other day ( you could n't hear the estonian over the bus of course ) . 
  the bus driver had to intervene and announced that the girl should stop talking so loudly as there are other people on that bus ( like 60 of them ) . 
  that must have been a cultural shock for the american of course . 
   oh , is he now ? 
  arab spring , arguably can be traced back to us clandestine action in the region during cold war , when `` stopping communist threat from taking over the world '' . 
  sure , to a degree . 
  but you sort of forget that current civil wars are still less of a threat to world peace than soviet domination over that region . 
   and recent iraq war both led to major destabilization in the region that is definitely true . 
   check photos of middle east countries pre-us intervention during cold war and after they placed `` friendly '' governments a huge price to pay indeed , * but * still better than soviet domination over that region . 
   cold war was not different world order . 
  stahp ...  during twin tower attack ~ 3000 people died wait , how did you get there from the iraq war ? 
  the two are in no direct correlation . 
   you realize , that terrorists come from horrors that us inflicted on region ? 
  also from sick religious ideologies , but yeah , let 's forget that little factoid ...  taliban ( which was created and funded by cia ) every time this is mentioned , it is used as some sort of blame on the us for creating the taliban . 
  jesus f. christ , how short are people 's memories ? 
  that was created to repel an actual soviet invasion of a sovereign country ... 
   ethnically x as fuck hehe , i like this expression . 
  jesus , why would they do that ? 
  i believe they change so much every five years or so , depending on prices , average wealth , and the local political situation . 
  greek , bulgarian and spanish resorts are the top three destinations right now . 
  the major trends have been that egypt has almost fallen out , while turkey is also falling quickly , and the us and smaller and less-known resorts in spain are on the rise . 
  tallinn : - [ * tallinn p\u00f5leb * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzhypnj7vp4 ) ( `` tallinn is burning '' ) , an 80s punk song ; - [ * mingem \u00fcles m\u00e4gedele * ( * peatage lasnam\u00e4e * ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6-jnxtqjbc ) ( `` let 's go up to the hills '' ( `` stop lasnam\u00e4e '' ) ) , a singing revolution era national protest song about the ever-continuing russian immigration and ever-growing russian immigrant [ lasnam\u00e4e district ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?q=lasnam\u00e4e&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=0jw&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewirzl-shltvahwjwbqkhsvydgqq_auicigb&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=731 ) . 
  tartu : - [ * tartu marss * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sesyrlrrbg8 ) ( `` tartu march '' ) , a red army estonian unit non-politicized song that has become quite symbolic for tartu , despite having been used by a red army unit . 
  we are only warm to people we know . 
   i am more than well informed on mena conflicts , if you are talking about saddam crimes , america needed to have a majority at security council not only , no other permanent member ( read : the two dictatorships ) could veto it either . 
   us are n't saints either , they are trigger happy world police . 
  good . 
  pax americana somewhat works , you know . 
   they might look good guys for us this is beyond the point . 
   but how do they look like to everyday farmer in iraq a lot of iraqis at first supported bringing down hussein . 
  the general anti-american sentiment arose due to the careless policies during the post-invasion era . 
   i 'd choose us over russia at any day , but you need to see it for what it is i very much do , do you ? 
   not only did the removal of saddam stiffen opposition to arab dictators all over the me now listen to yourself . 
  it 's like claiming the us is at fault for creating the transnistrian conflict as it supported pro-democratic and anti-soviet movements , which the forces in power in one region did n't want to accept . 
   utter mess that the us made of the occupation and rebuilding of iraq i agree with it . 
  but do you actually blame the us for the fact that a lot of syrians rebelled against their totalitarian dictator , who used force against peaceful protesters ? 
   oh well i guess none of the wars before that matter , do they ? 
  well they matter , but it would be foolish to disregard context . 
   you ca n't strap the us with the blame for those wars it started , because the world order was a bit different . 
  the entire world being threatened by a totalitarian nuclear superpower with a semi-aggressive foreign policy aiming for world domination is not `` a bit different '' . 
   even though a lot of the people who participated in those wars are still alive today . 
  this matters how ? 
   and even though millions of people still live in countries which still struggle to recover from wars which happened before the end of the cold war . 
  those countries either let pro-soviet rulers take power or themselves voted them into office . 
  they were not entirely blameless in these conflicts . 
   it has been widely accepted at this point that the damage caused by the iraq war , which destabilised an entire continent , far exceeds the damage caused by assad . 
  this is a weird thing to claim , considering the continuation of the assad regime . 
   but the us invasion caused far more damage , which still affects the region to this day . 
  yeah nobody disputes that . 
  but this is not because of bringing down hussein per se , it is because of * extremely * thoughtless post-invasion policies . 
   the way you just dismiss it because of the dictatorship is kind of insulting . 
  you are wrong because i do n't dismiss it at all . 
   most of europe did not support the iraq war . 
  the electorate does n't decide wars . 
  if it did , we 'd be into a lot of shit . 
  entering wars requires a lot of inside knowledge , both about your own and the other country 's military situation , which more than 99 % of the people have almost no idea about . 
   bringing down a dictator does n't help if you completely destroy the country in the process . 
  that depends , i would n't make such firm generalizations . 
   i do n't mean to be all aggro , but it stuns me that so much ignorance has been upvoted . 
  i see arguments like yours all the time . 
  i know international relations and international law far better than your average internet commentator . 
  and it 's not like there could n't be decent counterarguments to my position - there definitely can - but usually and so far in this conversation , i have not seen them as they are the typical poorly researched counterarguments you see every day . 
  i think you 'll find this having been a legal war . 
  i get if people make fallacies between posts , but within the same post , man ... 
  or lying about involvement during the `` local revolution '' and later admitting involvement ... 
   i 'm talking about russian sfsr and ukrainian sfsr as federal republics , maybe you did n't get . 
  none of them made any large policies . 
   of all people you estonians really need to know that in totalitarian societies nobody had a word except a top person . 
  did i dispute that ? 
  my question is , which of the later soviet leaders annulled that decision ? 
  or did russia annul that decision , when it declared itself as the legal successor of the soviet union ? 
  i 'm just leaving this here . 
   powerful countries get away with things . 
  of course , nobody disputes that . 
  but to claim there is a breach in international law in every case just demonstrates how little a person knows about international law . 
   since when is defending of territory a dickish move ? 
  you did n't defend your territory against some foreign invaders , you greatly contributed to a conflict between your central government and a region . 
   if it does , us troops would n't have a thing to do in iraq between 2003 and 2011 . 
  if a person commits * one * crime that is only somewhat criticized by the society , then is he generally not obeying the law ? 
   grow up . 
  wise up and educate yourself more in this subject , that 's all i can say . 
   a federal republic at order of man who runs all of federal republics gave a territory to other federal republic . 
  more like - if a thug forces you to give a phone to his girlfriend , would you say no ? 
  erm , who forced the ussr again ? 
  my analogy is spot on , i 'm sorry for your discomfort . 
   yeltsin was n't in a clear state of a mind . 
  nice arguments . 
  i do n't remember russian sfsr or the ussr or the russian federation having annulled that decision . 
   their actions effectively caused the current syrian war . 
  dude , stop , you 're embarrassing yourself . 
   also , what is with all of these arbitrary time parameters ? 
  they are not arbitrary .
