   what 's the ethnic difference between a catalan , aragonese and a valencian ? 
  that they speak different languages and consider themselves to be separate ethnic groups ? 
   most people in spain have a similar genetic makeup ; a mixture of many different peoples . 
  yeah most people in the world have that in common . 
  neighboring peoples are always related genetically , despite evolving through very different paths . 
  estonians have genetic similarities with latvians and russians , despite spaniards being more closely related to balts and slavs than estonians are . 
   catalonia is a cornerstone of modern spain by being decisive in the successful reconquista ( read about he compromise of caspe and its aftermath ) . 
  spain is spain because of catalonia so maybe they can do the opposite and allow the rest of spain to have independence from catalonia   spain is their legitimate country in its entirety since their ancestors were instrumental in re-conquering it from the moors !, 
  it is their legitimate country , but the word legitimate does n't mean compulsory . 
  it 's the second official language , not the second native language . 
  why do you think this only applies to `` repressed '' minorities ? 
  the catalans are an indigenous ethnic group to their land , i do n't see the conceptual problem with their independence . 
  wth , self determination is how we got our independence , twice !, 
  or do you mean of a possible threat of local russians demanding independence ? 
  they are not natives , but recent illegal immigrants , who do n't have the right to self determination . 
  right of self determination is !, 
   the high % most likely has a lot to do with the high % of russians no !, 
  if anything , it lowers the % of students studying russian because native russian speakers are excluded from this , as they can not study russian as a foreign language . 
   but high results of russian in baltic states is because most of school students studying russian there are native russian-speakers . 
  no they are not , stop spreading this misinformation !, 
  native russian speakers are excluded from the statistics on how many are studying russian as a foreign language . 
   but , instead of learning it as mother-tongue , they study it as foreign , with less amounts of hours . 
  russians do study it as a mother tongue !, 
  how the hell is swedish not a foreign language for finnish-speaking finns ? 
  people 's demands are legal according to international law , there exists the right to self determination , you know ... 
  well , why would it make them less swiss if swiss is a non-ethnic construct ... and still , french is a foreign language for a swiss german . 
   by local russians you mean to say those who came from russia the past century and their children ? 
  a few smaller regional groups of russians came centuries before , but indeed , that 's what i meant . 
   and estonians are only ethnic estonians ? 
  in estonia it 's quite rare to label local russians as `` estonians '' . 
  the name usually only means ethnic estonians . 
   i ask because i give my russian friends flak for saying a bashkir , for example , is n't russian . 
  that 's how you downgrade their ethnic identity . 
  yeah , i would n't imagine why you would insist that a bashkir is a russian . 
   strange to hear about this attitude in the eu . 
  not so sure what this has to do with the eu . 
  you mean to tell me that swiss germans are n't ethnically germans ? 
   in western europe ethnicity does n't matter as much in the east . 
  i do n't care if it matters to you or not , but the fact remains , that a language is foreign in relation to your native language , not in relation to the official language of the country you reside in . 
   firstly , because i ca n't be sure whether it 's a tourist or a local one . 
  i actually usually ask that if in doubt ( in russian ) . 
   i do n't think it has a positive effect if you refuse to speak with them in russian . 
  i do n't think it has a positive effect if you approach an estonian in russian . 
   that might just fuel the ` us vs them ' mentality . 
  that is already fueled by them not speaking estonian in estonia ... 
   would french be considered a foreign language for swiss germans ? 
  yes . 
  because ethnically the people are germans and french is a foreign language for them as they do n't speak it as a native language . 
   russians need to learn estonian to have a basic communication ability . 
  in estonia ? 
  they can live most of their lives here with speaking very little estonian ... foreign languages are not foreign to a country , but to an ethnic group . 
  if that person says that he or she is from russia , i will try my best as well , but why would you speak russian instead of estonian with a local russian ? 
  at least , that 's the sentiment among most of my peers . 
  why so ? 
  their native language is russian . 
   and your count that language as foreign i 'm relatively certain they do n't though . 
  russian would constitute a foreign language for estonians and estonian would be a foreign language for local russians . 
   that makes 25 % of the population learning 2 foreign languages ( en and ru ) when in fact they only learn one . 
  no , for the local russians learning russian is not learning a foreign language , but learning estonian is . 
   but because they really ca n't speak russian . 
  which mostly derives from that principle  i managed to learn almost zero russian in 4 years of school due to that principle . 
  only in university i took some courses and now understand some basic russian . 
   is it considered a healthy state of affairs that the mere use of a particular language is something not tolerated by many ? 
  use by others is tolerated , but younger estonians often deny speaking russian with local russians , which they often assume as even in bloody 2016 , more estonians speak russian than local russians speak estonian . 
  i understand basic russian , but if the [ russophone ] person , who approached me , does n't switch to estonian or some other common language [ which would be very random of course ] , then i would not start conversing in russian . 
  as much as i know , this is common for many younger estonians . 
  some would turn their backs even if approached in russian , which is generally viewed as a faux pas to do to estonians or to a random person in estonia if you do n't know their ethnicity . 
  i have written complaints to stores , where the cashiers [ constantly ] greet me with a russian greeting before making sure whether i am an estonian or a russian . 
  i have no problem with russian speakers conversing in russian amongst themselves , at any level . 
  you labeling together these very different conflicts already portrays how little you actually know about these conflicts . 
   are n't 25 % of the population native russian speakers ? 
  30 % russian speakers , of whom 25 % are russians . 
  i 'm actually thinking that perhaps the reason there are fewer people studying russian as a foreign language comes from the fact that it only measures those , who study it as a foreign language and excludes the native speakers . 
  latvia 's share could be lower because it has more native russian speakers . 
  weird that russian is taught in estonia the most , while estonians are usually the least tolerant about conversing in russian on the streets . 
  but indeed for a long time i thought that learning russian is compulsory in all schools , but lately i have come across many estonians , who ca n't even read basic cyrillic . 
  did you mean all of them or just some of them ? 
  because a lot can happen in friggin 84 years . 
  i mean , the baltic states were n't even occupied by the ussr yet and were only to be made piss-poor 84 years ago ... 
  there are many more languages even in europe , which do n't have a limit on how long their words are . . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  indeed , in that case they need to be changed . 
  only that this time is different for everyone and `` when the diapers get full '' is a matter of subjective perspective for every voter . 
   your country joined one with 66 % approval remember that a huge chunk of local russians also voted in that referendum , most of them being anti-eu at the time . 
   and the other you were invaded and occupied for almost 50 years . 
  do n't you mean joined with 99.9 % approval ? 
  and i think that is a stupid thing to say . 
  yes , we have , because apparently too many europeans are in fact so utterly unintelligent that they ca n't see major defining differences between the two . 
  well , we can hear the same arguments over and over again in estonia as well , that the people still voting for the liberal reform party must be idiots or whatnot . 
  yet if you compare how we are doing , then it 's often better than other countries in a similar position and should n't that be enough for us to keep voting for them ? 
  anyway , i 'm sure there often reasons not to vote for the same parties , which have been in power for a long time , but i 'm rather skeptical about such simplistic views , it really depends on every single case . 
  [ did it ? 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=hr-ee-lv-lt ) it seems that the problem was about recovering , not about the initial 2008 recession itself . 
  come on , realistic possibilities should always be considered ... 
  there 's really no possible way to invade saudi arabia and successfully install some form of democracy . 
  the human loss , the chaos and the regional negative effect it would have would be worse than it was for iraq . 
   you are a poster child for what i was explaining to you above . 
  now i am a poster child because you keep misinterpreting my points ? 
   you are incapable to even begin to understand the fallacies on which you base your worldview . 
  literally no fallacy in my world view , but your entire reading ability is one big fallacy .
