  i guess you ca n't have literally all at once . 
   higher rates in less populated countries that is not the same directly as sparsely populated countries . 
  for example greenland ( though not a sovereign country , but regardless ) and finland have relatively high murder rates , yet monaco and luxembourg probably not . 
  far more difficult to plan murders in a city than in the empty countryside though ... 
  if you came from a soviet-occupied country and made progress in 25 years to surpass several southern european countries economically and many other countries in various other aspects , then it is indeed well done . 
  it 's called gradual progress . 
  you 'd understand if your country was occupied by the soviet union for decades . 
  we were n't exactly told when we joined the eu . 
  rather higher rates in more sparsely populated countries . 
  yes , definitely not eliminated , though brought down to almost nordic-like levels . 
  there 's still a lot to be done , but as an often visitor to latvia , it 's unbelievable how differently latvians think of corruption . 
  it is almost fully frowned upon in estonia , while latvians are more like : `` meh , what can you do ... '', 
  oh yeah , the good ol' post-soviet early 1990s ... 
  there 's really no point in calling it treason . 
  i mean , legally speaking . 
  a murder of the highest degree is already the highest crime one could commit in peace time situations . 
  treason would not add any punishment to it ... 
  it wo n't become a super minority , however their numbers and share will drop . 
  share of estonian births has been over 75 % for a long time . 
  however claiming it 's mostly elderly people is an overstatement . 
  there are also plenty of middle aged and young people with this sentiment . 
  they not be the majority among russian people , but there is a fair share of them . 
  and you know so much , yourself being from the uk ? 
  yes , there is a reason . 
  imperialist and nationalist sentiments of the russian people , who think they live in a historical russian territory and should n't integrate into the less fancy estonian society . 
  that 's the actual problem ... 
   they are quite good at integrating all kinds of minorities lol . 
  i do n't think it 's hard to integrate when you 've been living in the country for decades or if you grow up in a new language environment . 
  it 's rather in the minds of these people that they do n't want to integrate . 
  first of all , estonia is not eastern europe . 
  secondly , those late 1990s and early 2000s stereotypical money-related values are long gone , at least for most people . 
  and now you 're simplifying . 
  it 's not like we now all sit together and listen to beyonce all the time . 
  people know of western culture , ethnic russians far less by the way . 
  they are more inclined to watch what comes out of russia . 
  also , a huge part of culture experienced in estonia is from ... estonia . 
  and ethnic russians barely care about it or even know about it . 
  they are definitely two distinct cultures . 
  this is also true in different opinions about corruption and crime , which ethnic estonians are strongly against , yet russians seem to care less . 
  look of course there are integrated russians - you barely recognize them , perhaps only by their russian names . 
  however a huge share of russians are not integrated . 
  if there are two conflicting cultures - then integration is the word , it does n't matter that semitic muslims are culturally more different from us than russians . 
  you watched one movie about school bullying and then judge your opinion on the general state of education in estonia ? 
  i think the problem with poor education lies within you ... 
  blaming a certain demographic for higher rates of crime is not really the same as planning a genocide against them ... crime is indeed the fault of the certain individuals , but if it reaches certain levels , then there 's also the case of family members and friends supporting the people behind this crime and thus tolerating the crimes themselves . 
  what has been so inherently wrong with the integration process other than ethnic russians pissing on the very idea of integrating ? 
  along with the validity of the claims , 
  of course them living in such conditions causes it . 
  however living in such conditions is the choice of themselves and their ancestors . 
  feeling not belonging here is purely their own fault - those , who want to integrate , have the opportunity . 
  by committing crimes you are not helping yourself , nor your people along ... 
  i would n't say estonians would take their place - of course some criminal organizations would still exist , however it 's not like all homicides have been of criminal underground nature - many also are related to alcohol consuming . 
  and this is not to say that similar incidents do n't happen among estonians , it 's just in far smaller numbers , at least per capita . 
  never claimed all russians did that . 
  but it 's thanks to the existence of the russian minority that we have such high numbers of homicide . 
  and the `` blame game '' can go just as far as anyone blaming estonia itself for having the high homicide rate - we can blame the russian community in the very same way . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong in blaming russians , if they are clearly the objective cause for this horrible statistic . 
  notice the lack of sources ... 
  mostly thanks to those russkies ... 
  and estonia is traditionally protestant . 
  only one small subgroup of estonians , the seto people in the southeast are traditionally orthodox and there are some smaller groups on the islands , who converted to orthodoxy in the 19th century to get free land , kihnu islanders for example . 
  i think the common flag thing is great , it 's a true aspect of the nordics . 
  yet it can not be just about that , can it ? 
  wow two weeks . 
  ancient history ... 
  seriously ? 
  and we have that nordic-ness already . 
  if it 's just a flag club , estonians wo n't care . 
  if it 's something more , we 're in . 
  we have strong historic connections with the current flag and as almost none of us are christians anymore , we 'd never opt for a cross flag ... 
  that 's because estonians are crazy people , who distinguish three , not two different vowel lengths : short , long and overlong . 
  long and overlong vowels are written with double letters and eesti is pronounced with a long e. 
  you just said that one important factor was hundreds of years of german influence matters a lot , but now you 're saying that hundreds of years of estonians and latvians themselves not interacting does not matter . 
  rather weak ... 
  lingua franca does not mean common language ... 
  ethnic estonians and latvians could barely interact with each other through the centuries as they were all serfs , who could n't leave their village without the landlord 's permission . 
  yes it 's important to mention that although latvians and lithuanians are both baltic people and estonians are not , there are also major differences between latvians and lithuanians themselves , most of their history and religion for example . 
  yet we do call them definitely baltic due to their common language origins . 
  and of course we have loads in common with latvians as well , but that common part is mostly due to changes happening in the same time , not making changes happening together per se . 
  common aspects of history are related to foreign domination and liberation from it and also broader socio-economic situations , whereas the similarities with finns are `` genetic '' in that cultural sense ( i.e. 
  not biological sense due to mixing ) as they are similarities in core aspects of our cultures of which language plays a huge role . 
  i do n't think so . 
  latvians are rather good friends , but not brothers . 
  there is no such kinship as there is with finland . 
  the similarities with latvia are rather superficial due to common rulers . 
  if india and pakistan have both been under british dominance , it does not mean they are similar , although they might both be into cricket . 
  of course they are . 
  communists and fascists are old friends - unintelligent extremist bastards . 
  there is no `` start '' in this conversation . 
  i 've reached to the same conclusion very early in my childhood - communists and anarchists are simple in the head . 
  it tells enough about your intelligence when you quote goons like varoufakis . 
  for you they are traitors to `` the cause '' - for us normal people both they and your ideological comrades were criminal wackos . 
  anyway , my claim is that there wo n't be a sudden change against capitalism - it will evolve definitely , but not that sharply . 
  people lost their jobs also in the 19th and 20th centuries due to mechanization . 
  it 's just the labour market that needs to change - there 's no need for a revolution of sorts . 
  robots replacing human labour will work for the person , who has bought the robots and no one else . 
  temporary government during some civil war or revolution can not be compared to a long term solution . 
  we wo n't `` break away '' from capitalism - never . 
  capitalism will evolve though as it has already , taking in many left wing aspects as social welfare progresses . 
   lem me quote you : `` yes , everyone , who disagrees with you extreme leftists needs to be sent to a gulag camp . '',
