  both have beautiful old towns and castles , plus haapsalu has a beautiful seaside promenade . 
  i would n't mind the eu doing that , but as of now it seems way too much energy has been put into punishing the uk for leaving . 
  there are other , much more important urgent issues to solve and it just seems bizarre to use so much of your energy on punishing the member , who left partly because of eu 's incapability to solve urgent issues . 
  the society may be similar , legal systems even , but it 's not like you are culturally closer to sweden than to estonia . . 
  culturally it 's definitely finland , historically latvia , which is also economically close . 
  in estonia they are rather weak , sort of alternatives for rich kids , who could n't get into a public university . 
  the estonian business school is sort of better , but still . 
  deep stuff . 
  is that finally a confession that you 've run out of arguments ? 
  i think much of the money was spent on promotional videos , which used the slogan , but still . 
  i even remember they asked for more money after their program had run out of it and it was granted . 
  when it came out , it topped everyone 's consciousness as the most unsuccessful ad-campaign in estonia 's history . 
  no that was literally the logo intended to market estonia for foreign tourists . 
  needless to say it became a national laughing stock in an instant . 
  thing is that in the estonian context absolutely nobody calls them teutons . 
  they are just called the livonian order , period . 
  for us teutons are the ones that were in prussia and they were mostly only nominally part of the same organization . 
  not really ... never even heard of anyone weighing them . 
  common ? 
  :d they were different organizations . 
  the sword brothers merged into the already existing teutonic order and became its autonomous branch called the livonian order . 
  you used that term . 
  proof enough . 
   again , it 's an expression , used by people of all ethnicities , so obviously it 's you who has a problem . 
  this particular term is always used by idiots , who run out of arguments . 
   who exactly is denying that you 're not baltic by ethnicity ? 
  very few . 
  but many make the instant conclusion that we are baltic with just knowing that we are part of the baltic states . 
   it 's sad that you ca n't understand that people call estonia a baltic country because of it 's position . 
  so , finland , sweden , germany and poland are also baltic countries ? 
  til . 
  spent a million euros to come up with [ a failed logo ] ( http://cache.visitestonia.com/static/ver-6.1.0.46/gfx/fb-w2e-logo-en.png ) . 
  we would have lost [ one county ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ida-viru_county ) out of 15 to russia if our counties had more rights ... 
  no , by overly using the term for anyone , who disagrees with you , then you are the one with the problem . 
   what exactly was an insult ? 
  calling another person `` butthurt '' . 
   that you 're butthurt over people reffering to estonia as a baltic country ? 
  baltic really is n't our national characteristic as we are a finnic people . 
  the baltic people live south of us . 
  i feel sad that you just deny such facts . 
  i usually turn my backs on local russians not speaking estonian . 
  a fair share of estonians do that . 
   no it does n't . 
  ask anyone and they 'll tell you they think of it as a position on the map . 
  i literally have asked quite many and there are plenty of those , who also falsely link this to a cultural-ethnic region . 
   never heard of that before , must only be your thing . 
  what ? 
  you 're literally the one , who brought up buttholes . .  and good job on idiotic generalisation . 
  jesus , i only responded to your idiotic insult . 
  according to the 2011 census , among 19-29 year olds , 88.2 % of estonians spoke english and 47.5 % spoke russian , while only 60.3 % of young russians speak english and 70.5 % speak estonian . 
  few estonian youths speak adequate russian though , but i guess there are more of them in the service industry . 
   that 's not a colony good . 
  we have convinced you . 
  finland , latvia , lithuania . 
  the rest of northern europe would then be in northwestern europe , which would be scandinavia and iceland basically . 
  i have a very simple [ 1 dl cup ] ( http://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-photo--dl-measurement-cup-for-baking-and-cooking-44787664.jpg ) for that , why would i need any more ? 
  it takes up way less time than weighing . 
  jesus , weighing flour seems so utterly over the top :d, 
  is poland baltic ? 
  northern europe or northeastern europe to be very precise . 
  yes , but for the balkans it does n't imply to anything else than geography . 
  for the baltics it does . 
  i ca n't understand why that difference is so difficult to grasp for you ? 
   when people reffer to baltics they reffer to a geographical region . 
  that 's definitely not the case all the time . 
  plus , why are n't sweden or germany called the baltic states ? 
   stop being so butthurt over it . 
  jesus christ , what 's up with slavs and their admiration of buttholes ? 
  yes , but is there even such an ethnic group known as balkan people ? 
  there 's the difference . 
  - balkans , but no balkan people - scandinavia = scandinavians - baltic states = / = baltic people, 
   we use litres , decilitres , tablespoons ( = 15ml ) , teaspoons ( = 5ml ) yeah these are all very common in recipes . 
  deciliters are perfect for flour and sugar . 
  a cake may need let 's say 2.5 dl of sugar and 3 dl of flour . 
   using deciliters does sound a bit weird not weird at all , they are very common in recipes , for flour for example . 
  why would you switch to russian ? 
  you are quite right . 
  in tartu , the main nightclub is located like a 100 m from the main foreign students dorm building , 
  both . 
  however we are undeniably part of the same geopolitical and geographical region , yet different cultural and historical regions . 
  but there 's the difference . 
  scandinavians and baltic people are also groups of ethnicities . 
  while for scandinavia they correlate with the same main peoples , for the baltic states and baltic people they do not , so the concept is confusing and obscure even . 
  why would one go outside with freezing temperatures ? 
  [ of course we can ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruhnu ) , 
  actually by the order of the sword brothers and the livonian order ( the latter was an autonomous branch of the teutonic order ) . 
  no worries . 
  just remember to not [ wander on our roads ] ( http://f.pmo.ee/f/2013/01/05/1511606t81h5a4a.jpg ) , 
  another stereotype is that estonians are slow , so it took me a couple of days to get that joke . 
  i am laughing now . 
  i think in estonia it 's rather the opposite . 
  deciliters are very common units here , but i 've never even heard of dks-s . 
  even far out languages do that . 
  we say viin for vienna/wien , which incidentally is the same word we use for vodka , 
   if i 'm speaking finnish it will certainly be tartu and tallinna oh no worries , we say helsingi and turu about helsinki and turku , 
  i think you can start to tell from 1/3 of the continent away . 
  really depends on the context . 
  it is absolutely ok to call the entire post-socialist europe ee if you want to compare them with each other , or talk about post-socialist economies , their history in the cold war context etc. 
  it is however not ok to label the czech republic or estonia ee in any other random sense . 
  friends mostly do n't massage each other , not that it would necessarily be seen as a sexual thing , most likely people just like to keep things just a little distant here .
