   you weak * small  balts are russians turkic ? 
   which we russians know from our own experience of dealing with your kind . 
  i do n't know when anyone in estonia bowed to you , we sort of strongly hated you during the occupation era . 
  and by your experience with us do you mean the murder , imprisonment , deportation and russification of our peoples ? 
  being proud of your crimes against humanity is a very russian thing apparently . 
  yes indeed russian national interests often go against the sovereignty of its post-socialist neighbors , while america is their defensive ally . 
  and of course their interests clash in other issues as well , but here again in most issues russia is supporting totalitarian regimes in civil conflicts and committing war crimes to the degree that is incomparable with the us . 
  are you insane ? 
  your comment about international law portrayed how little you know on this subject ... 
  i have no interest continuing such a heated discussion with a person , who understands so little on the subject ...  my recommendation is that you go into your nearest university library ( i hear tallinn has a pretty good one ) and ask librarian what primers they have on international law and how it works . 
  dude i have a master 's degree in that field ... 
  i do wonder how everybody got that . 
  i guess i 'm more used to random people hating on these countries ... you ca n't always distinguish sarcasm from a serious hating comment on the internet . 
  bro what ? 
  but the problem is that russian `` national interests '' are inherently wrong and `` american interests '' inherently good , at least in the russian sphere of influence issue . 
  could be , but the naivety runs deep if think there are n't people out there , who think like that , 
   least empathetic people in the world  who cares about them irony, 
  eu condemns , russia denies - seems like your average monday . 
  that would n't really count should they turn aggressive ... 
   kindly point me to the text of this `` one and only international law '' . 
  there 's just no point continuing with this ... 
   the us is still going to other countries and attacking . 
  i am so sure you would lump all conflicts in last decades into the same category , proving you know nothing of international law , international relations and recent history ...  that is aggression . 
  that strongly depends on the circumstances . 
   and the nato bases are being built towards russia from west and south west . 
  for a bloody good reason . 
   that is advancement . 
  that 's not advancement - these territories have been in nato for at least a decade ...  libya was not falling into a civil war . 
  of course . 
  it was already a civil war . 
   and conveniently destroy any chance to move the african continent from the grips of dollar nice tin foil hat , mate . 
   there has been a lot of issues in all that and it just seems ukraine was another stepping stone towards being able to get to russia . 
  what does it mean `` get to russia '' ?? 
   and bowing already to the us . 
  really ? 
  you even know anything about us-cuban relations ? 
   and just calling usa a democracy does not give it a free pass on foreign politics . 
  not free pass , but their actions to defend democracies and fight against dictatorships do justify themselves to a degree . 
   they can still be and are very very aggressive country . 
  can be , but are n't . 
   the black sea is important to russia nobody 's pressing russia out of it ...  just as the coastal waters on the eastern side of us are important to it just as nobody is pressing the us out of there . 
   russia is not there and neither should usa or nato be in the waters of black sea as aggressively as they are . 
  as aggressively ? 
  they are n't there aggressively at all . 
  plus they should be there - the black sea is also bordered by three nato members , who together have a longer coastline there than russia ... 
  ha , we have `` why do n't french women get fat ? '', 
  why not use a colour scheme ?? 
  it 's just a guess , but it could be that ukrainian neo-nazis do n't consider ukrainians sub-humans . 
   any country that does not submit to the us currency and to us corporations ravaging resources from their countries are aggressively put down . 
  false conclusion . 
  the problem is them being hostile and undemocratic . 
   but the way usa is advancing and taking control of territory like which territory ? 
   any countries veering off this are met with aggression such as libya . 
  no , libya fell into a civil war and the west got clearance from the un to intervene against the totalitarian dictator . 
   if nato were to built their bases in crimea yeah , well first they need to get clearance from ukraine . 
   it would go against russia and its control over the black sea . 
  russia is occupying crimea . 
  it has no rights to say what should or should not be done in crimea . 
   again , it would be the same as for russia to now start building a base on the coasts of cuba the us is not threatening cuba , plus russia is a dictatorship and the us is a democracy . 
   the whole world would condemn that as aggressive behaviour . 
  for a bloody good reason . 
   the same goes for crimea and the black sea . 
  neither crimea , nor the black sea as a whole is russian clay ... 
  yeah , why are we ? 
   because otherwise church will describe you in sermons as literally satan . 
  good . 
  i could use one more adjective . 
   unrepresented in administration no they are not ...  subject to domestic violence which is definitely a crime . 
   oh yeah , we europeans are sooo progressive . 
  as progressive as human society can get right now . 
  oh no , you misunderstand russia . 
  they can do whatever they want democratically . 
  they just ... need to suffer the consequences ... 
  the estonian google has autosuggestions just for finland , russia and germany i think :d, 
   `` law '' is a matter of perspective . 
  there are different countries with different legal systems . 
  there is one international law . 
   drone strikes for example are illegal no they are not ...  because they have that tendency to kill scores of friends and family alongside the target if the terrorists are only available targets when they are with their families , then the strikes may actually be legal , despite civilian losses . 
   they are however legal by us defition , and therefore executed . 
  the us does n't just decide them based on domestic law ...  russia does exactly the same thing as us in this regard , to a tee . 
  no , it shoots civilian areas to cause destruction and force the opposition to lose vantage points . 
   they literally copied the process . 
  they really did not ...  posthumously award this status to any victims of your air strike . 
  which the us does not . . 
   the similarities are not a far stretch between then and now except that the ussr/russia is an aggressor and the us/nato is not , especially in relation to russia . 
  the west has the right to defend all of its allies and if russia is continuously hostile and holds 10x more troops than nato troops near the borders , then nato has every right to enlarge their numbers . 
   and the black sea is very important for caucasus which has critical natural resources for russia as well as being important geographically . 
  is anyone denying russia 's right to be in th black sea ? 
   with us aggressive expansion on those waters except there is no aggressive us expansion on those waters . 
  there is n't even an expansion ...  you may colour it as you please , they are still people with weapons . 
  good . 
  russian aggression needs to be avoided and people with weapons is our best option here . 
   denying that western media could not be biased this is beyond the point . 
  western media is ** free ** , i.e. 
  it is allowed to be biased . 
  there are also a wide range of opinions due to that . 
  russia has more or less one allowed point of view ... 
  holy heck ... 
   this original sin , if you like , was compounded by the west 's enthusiasm for nato expansion , first taking in countries like poland , the czech republic and hungary , who had long nationalist traditions of struggling against rule from moscow . 
   but nato 's expansion did n't end there as it added countries like the three baltic states , whose territory had been part of the former soviet union .
