  i know they do n't use them . 
  wait , you do n't even learn it ?? 
  til . 
  shocked actually ... 
   ( though i 'm one of the wird guys who sleeps with open window when there ' -20 outside ) i do that too . 
  i have woken up with -25 outside and found a little bottle of water slightly frozen close to the window :d, 
  it 's 18-20 degrees , everything below is chilly and everything above is too hot . 
  i usually prefer around 18 degrees during the day and 13-15 degrees during the night . 
  we have [ two different ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_neopaganism ) national neopagan movements , which are often lumped together . 
  - taaraism , founded in 1928 , is the belief in the god tharapita or taara , which is the estonian version of thor . 
  they worship sacred groves - maausk ( `` country belief '' ) , is the worship of the nature , with several local gods and sacred groves . 
  they have their own interesting calendar which begins at ca . 
  8213 bc , when the discharge of the baltic ice lake through channels near mount billingen in sweden is thought to have happened . 
  it is currently year 10 229 in their calendar . 
  the 2011 census showed that 1,925 people ( 0.18 % ) followed taaraism and 1,047 ( 0.1 % ) followed maausk in estonia . 
  that is a total of 2,972 , 180 % up from 1,058 , who followed estonian neopagan beliefs according to the 2000 census . 
  in 2002 , a total of 11 % of estonia claimed that out of all the religions , they affiliate with the estonian neopagan beliefs the most . 
  you can find all sorts of dissenting opinions , but general consensus remains the same . 
  yet swedish and norwegian are n't considered to be the same language by linguists , but serbo-croatian is . 
  i understand the international varieties of spanish , english etc. 
  is a similar issue , but these are separated by long distances and are used in former colonies , while the serbo-croatian language area is all a connected , indigenous area . 
  if i understand correctly , english and spanish varieties differ more and [ are n't as mutually intelligible with each other as serbo-croatian standard forms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian#comparison_with_other_pluricentric_languages ) . 
  well , it uses both two alphabets and four standard forms , albeit these are divided by national borders . 
  but still , the same applies for serbo-croatian :  do n't actually think of another language that has two written standards for what is suppose to be the same language . 
  interesting . 
  it seems the differences between standard estonian and the v\u00f5ro and seto dialects are far bigger then , i have to make an effort to really understand v\u00f5ro dialect and can barely understand any of the seto dialect . 
   i do n't actually think of another language that has two written standards for what is suppose to be the same language . 
  [ khm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian ), 
  is latgalian intelligible with standard latvian ? 
  nothing like that here . 
  i speak [ standard estonian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plbqrsevtly ) , which [ is spoken in most of estonia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dirq9fb.jpg ) , especially in northern estonia . 
  southern estonians and estonian islanders speak with a recognizable different intonation , but tallinners do not . 
  i did however quickly obtain the southern intonation in like a couple of weeks after i moved away for university , but it fades as quickly as it comes . 
   my mum - an active christian - visits the local mosque now and again thanks to interfaith dialogue she would literally be among the top 0.1 % tolerant people in estonia . 
  we can barely tolerate talks with christians without getting a headache . 
  how should muslims be viewed in an irreligious country already filled with 30 % immigrants ? 
  i 've met a couple of estonian muslims ( of mostly tatar descent ) . 
  they are barely religious , but even with them the tolerance does n't stand high should they start advocating their religion or practice some aspects of their religion publicly ( like demanding non-pork food as their right or something ) . 
  i can honestly say that i have n't met a single recent muslim immigrant in estonia . 
  most indeed fled to sweden or germany in 1944 ( about 7 % of the entire population ) , got scared in sweden after they deported some of them back to the ussr ( an act for which sweden officially apologized only in 1994 ) and wanted to leave germany because of harsh poverty and started to leave to mainly australia , the us and canada , but also to brazil , venezuela and argentina in about 1946 . 
  although there was some \u00e9migr\u00e9 activity before ww2 in the us , with the first lutheran church established in 1898 and the first newspaper in 1897 . 
  what is ironic is that the early estonian americans had a socialist background as they had escaped the russian empire due to their [ early ] socialist views , yet the ones to came after ww2 escaped from socialism . 
  been there twice , once just a as a drive-through . 
  i really liked the valleys inside luxembourg city , it was a very beautiful town !, 
  the rest of the country was rather boring , but we did just drive through the rest of it . 
  well , your child is an estonian if that child 's other parent is an estonian . 
  but indeed , it mostly follows along the genetic line . 
  there are those that are not ethnic estonians , who speak the language proficiently enough and are well integrated , who are considered estonians as well , but quite often when ethnicity should come up , someone would say that this person is not an ethnic estonian [ yet is well integrated into the ethnic estonian society ] . 
   what changed between you and your child with regards to ethnicity ? 
  that child 's other parent . 
   how did you arrive at that conclusion and do you have anything other than your own opinion to support it ? 
  i 'm not sure there are any good articles on how estonians label estonians . 
  many of our top athletes are not considered ethnic estonians for example . 
   what if you 're adopted and raised by estonians ? 
  ethnically not an estonian , but estonian for all intents and purposes of course . 
   nothing to support your argument at all my argument is indeed based on my opinion . 
  but not specifically of what i think , but what is my experience of what estonians in general think . 
   either way you 're pulling everything you 're saying out of thin air . 
  easy to say if you 've never spoken to an estonian about this . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is simply how most estonians define what is an ethnic estonian ** in my opinion ** . 
  languages and mythology , which influence much of literature , music and visual arts . 
   ancestral is ridiculous and way too subjective . 
  no it 's not . 
  if you have one parent , who is an estonian , then you are an estonian . 
   again , how long do you have to be able to trace your family back to have estonian ancestry ? 
  one generation . 
   if both of your parents were born in estonia are you estonian ? 
  depends . 
  is one of them an estonian ? 
   what if all of their grandparents were foreign born ? 
  foreign born , but to what ethnicity ? 
  there are many estonians , whose grandparents were born outside estonia . 
   what if all of their grandparents were born in estonia but all of their parents were foreign born ? 
  it really does n't matter . 
  it 's about ethnicity , not where you are born . 
   it 's an absolute nonsense and a million miles from anything measurable or scientific in any way . 
  lol , why did you bring science into defining a social construct ? 
  well sure , most americans i presume are very mixed . 
  white people could claim that they are european americans , but that 's about it . 
   if i have a child that is born and raised in , for example , france , then they will be french . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just not the thing in every country . 
  should you and your australian wife have a child and move to estonia , then you would basically never be considered ethnic estonians until one of our descendants has a child with an estonian basically . 
  that does n't mean you could n't be well integrated and well respected and considered a local and be citizens eventually , but i think here it 's a lot more a genetic thing . 
   i just think it 's bizarre to be so desperate to attain an identity outside of whoever you are . 
  that much is true . 
  if you claim to be something , then be that something , otherwise just leave it to `` i have x ancestry '' . 
  indeed , * v\u00e4liseestlased * bears absolutely zero negative connotations . 
  do you know what culture is ? 
  indeed , and we do n't really consider them regular estonians either , they are what we call `` abroad estonians '' ( * v\u00e4liseestlased * ) , or more specifically `` canadian estonians '' or `` american estonians '' , while they call estonians in estonia `` home estonians '' ( * kodueestlased * ) . 
  yes , but you do obtain it from live relatives , who came with you and raised you . 
  you obtain identity with other people of that same ethnicity if you interact with them in that new country . 
  it definitely fades with generations , but many do retain their cultural identities for several generations . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was rather the opposite . 
  if a person knows his or her ethnic background , then the person is most likely much more culturally aware of who he or she is . 
  i always view it as positive when they are aware of their ancestry . 
   christina hendricks is english you know a half english , half american person , who was born and raised in the us , but with dual citizenship . 
  but the reason europeans ( or any other ) often do that is because we relate with the ethnic group , plus many of them really are n't just generic americans or canadians , there are many ethnic organizations in the us and canada , i personally know quite many estonian americans and estonian canadians and often even the third generation still speaks some estonian as the communities often keep together and intermarry for several generations . 
  of course , there 's no denial in that . 
  considering mostly only tallinn is really a popular tourist attraction , the small , yet very beautiful resort towns of [ haapsalu ] ( http://visithaapsalu.com/upload/images/fot3.jpg ) and [ kuressaare ] ( http://estonianworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/kuressaare-castle.jpg ) in western estonia often get overlooked .
