  do n't hate nazism , hate germany !, 
  [ coincidentally ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tal_der_ahnungslosen ) ? 
  it 's far simpler than that . 
  they have to apply to get citizenship . 
  if they do n't apply , they wo n't get citizenship ( which has many upsides ) . 
  if they apply , but do n't know the language , they also do n't get citizenship . 
  russia is the sole legal successor of the ussr . 
  ussr imported them here , it should be russia to grant them automatic citizenship . . 
  because russians were sent to these countries illegally under an illegal foreign occupation to russify the countries and create an eternal fifth column . 
  we went the road as to nullify the illegal occupation and therefore russian has no place in our countries as an official language . 
  not in latvia . . 
  well that 's unexpected ... 
  ever driven on latvian roads ? 
  if we 'd built a nuclear plant , we would probably rise on the list as it 's still better than oil shale . 
  why does this one bother you , but the other official names do n't ? 
  looking at the current weather , we 'll also have no snow in a week ... 
  i would n't say `` not in a million years '' , but realistically , not in 20 years at least . 
  did it ? 
  did it really ? 
  hitler was part of a right-wing government , where he had quite a big role . 
  it 's a bit different than a wide government including a populist party . 
  classical political theory for you . 
  if you want to marginalize radicals : include them in a mainstream ideology government !, 
  yet as history has shown , any try for such `` solution '' has caused in a million more problems . 
   so what truly can we do to solve this situation ? 
  there is only one answer . 
  punch him in the face every time he reaches for your wallet !, 
  if you look at the amount of people , who 'd favor appeasement with putin , then it becomes quite worrying . 
  it 's as if they remember nothing from the prelude of world war ii . 
   is it likely for russia to really want to invade estonia ? 
  there are a key aspects that most westerners disregard when talking about a possible russian invasion of these countries . 
  russia is inherently an imperialistic dictatorship . 
  many still have views that these territories rightfully belong to russia . 
  plus a swift victory in foreign affairs is usually what dictators like these do to get internal attention away from internal affairs like the failing economy . 
  so the typical argument `` why would russia attack , there is nothing to gain '' stems from a stance that lacks this knowledge about russia . 
   i could only imagine having my tiny appartment in tallinn , then see my neighbours deported to a gulag and replaced by occupiers ( plus using nightgowns for ... interesting purposes ) . 
  well let 's take my grandfather 's family as an example . 
  - in 1944 his father was deported because he was in the auxiliary police during the nazi occupation , despite his unit having no role in the holocaust whatsoever . 
  he died in kolyma near magadan in 1952 , 2 years before release . 
  cause of death : lung cancer , just like for anyone , who worked a few months in a gold mine in kolyma . 
  - in 1949 when he was 8 years old , he and his 11 year old sister were arrested and taken to the railway station . 
  their mother quickly found them and was also arrested in the train station . 
  her mother was arrested as well . 
  they were all sent to siberia to live in former army barracks . 
  they returned in 1954-1956 when released , but the mother had to work 6 months to earn enough money to buy a train ticket back to estonia . 
  when they returned , their two houses had been confiscated and my grandfather and his sister only got them back after the restoration of independence . 
  - in the same 1949 my great-grandfather arrived to that train station later from another town and asked to be deported together with his wife , daughter and two grandchildren , but was denied as `` the quotas '' had already been filled . 
  or my grandmother 's family : - in 1944 the soviets bombed tallinn , which according to their logic was their own town . 
  they hit the neighboring building of my grandmother and her family only got out with all its members before their house burned down . 
  - in 1945 her father was arrested and sent to a russian prison for 8 years as he was in the institution giving out apartments left over in estonia . 
  reason of deportation : too many apartments given to ethnic estonians . 
  or my other grandfather 's family : - in 1941 they were to be deported , but his father offered vodka for the soviet officials and they went on and deported another family . 
  - in 1944 my grandfather lied himself to be one year younger to avoid soviet mobilization . 
  - in 1945 a new border was drawn and their land was left on the russian sfsr side . 
  their farm was confiscated and they all had to live in separate places all over estonia as they had no other choice . 
  or my other grandmother 's family : - in 1944 they tried to escape to the west , but missed the last ships . 
  - in 1949 they heard about the deportation happening soon and hid in forests for three weeks until `` the quotas had been filled '' . 
  so if you consider all this and that almost every estonian has stories like these in their family , you should not be surprised about our negative sentiment towards russians , especially considering that some if not many deny that these events happened or deny the illegality and the criminality of these events , let alone that many of them glorify these criminals . 
   in your view , do you think russian populations still influence estonia a lot ? 
  quite a lot , they vote for the centre party mostly , but it had a pro-western leadership change and until the next elections they will be a strong center-left pro-western party , but only time will tell if russians will keep voting for them . 
  - you deport 1 % of the estonian population to siberia . 
  8 % of the country escapes abroad out of fear , if the others resist , you deport another 2 % to siberia . 
  - you send russians to work in occupied estonia and install them into the former homes of estonian families - you build new towns and ugly apartment bloc districts and bring in more russians to work - eventually you will have one russian for every two estonians . 
  if they would have given it one more decade , there would have been more russians than estonians , like it already barely happened in latvia with latvians . 
  it was n't the first russification period in estonia , the first one was already in about [ 1885-1905 ] ( http://www.estonica.org/en/history/1850-1914_national_awakening/russification_period/ ) . 
  if you are interested in that subject , then there is [ a very good documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dg0c3skovw&amp;t=1s ) about the singing revolution , which covers the soviet occupation quite extensively . 
  ( i could really only find it with chinese subtitles , but it is generally in english and when necessary , then the english subtitles are seen as well ), 
  i would n't say there are many neo-communists in estonia . 
  they are just pro-soviet and not in the neo-sense as many have parents or grandparents , who praise them as well . 
  especially if they were sent here by the soviet union and especially so when they were sent here within the framework of the soviet military installations . 
  i 'd imagine our capitalist nightgowns were of far better quality than the regular soviet nightgowns of the 1930s and 1940s . 
  i am not really surprised this kind of propaganda works on russians themselves , but the fact that it works on so many westerners is both appalling and frightening at the same time . 
  yeah , we do n't really distinguish between neo-nazis and pro-soviet people except perhaps that in the rest of the world being neo-nazi is seen negatively anyway and pro-soviet still not that much . 
  that 's why it 's easier to laugh off the neo-nazi bunches , but our main energy goes against everything pro-soviet . 
  stalin had plans to invade germany as well . 
  i am dubious however if you could put regular military deaths in these categories , it is n't usually done in international law . 
  why would you compare the total number of prisoners instead of the share of the deaths from all prisoners ? 
  there is no way you could label stalin as a better guy than hitler . 
  they also could have been homogay nazis : s, 
  or just everything not approved by kremlin . 
  it would n't really be an axis of putin and trump , it would be an axis of putin , which has the power to manipulate trump . 
   hitler killed more people wait , what ?? 
   in fact hitler wanted to empty most of ee and russia of slavs . 
  stalin wanted to keep most of the slavs . 
  did you really just make that comparison ? 
   your counter-argument ? 
  that would presume an argument on your part . 
  how not ? 
   cooperating with your ally the fact that they were allies was the problem in the first place . 
   let 's do the counterfactual : no conferences on spheres of influence . 
  does that change the fighting on the ground between soviets and nazis ? 
   do the soviets stop in bielorussia and say ok , that 's far enough , we do n't want poland ? 
   do you seriously picture the usa invading russia in 1945-6-7 ... ? 
  seriously ? 
   there is nothing the west could have done to stop the ussr from sphering eastern europe well , more or less indeed . 
   conferences were an attempt to limit that . 
  it failed . 
  not only did they fail , they also provided legitimacy for the soviet rhetoric . 
   the betrayal was the appeasement of hitler sure , ca n't argue with that . 
  but as i said , the concept of western betrayal has many different forms and it 's not like this is understood as a betrayal on a general level .
