  - do n't consider estonians to be russians or slavic people . 
  - do not speak fondly of the soviet union in any way . 
  do not speak fondly of russian politics . 
  i on the other hand get annoyed when someone uses the word * \u00dchendkuningriik * ( `` united kingdom '' ) in everyday speech instead of * suurbritannia * ( `` great britain '' ) , which is far more common . 
  the former should only be used in diplomatic context . 
  if this gets built , it 's just another incentive for the tallinn-helsinki tunnel . 
  singing . 
  both [ good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcifzhi525y ) and [ bad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dllo85zsuk ) . 
  many languages do n't even have a word for a federacy , so mixing them up is quite common . 
  i think it 's a one way street for now . 
  but in the same time , you can very well ask if we should perhaps slovenia , estonia and the czech republic because they are doing better than the rest of post-socialist states . 
  i think we should n't exclude anyone and see the world as it is . 
  how many countries do you want to exclude before you admit that some have caught up with western europe ? 
  kudos for differentiating between a federation and a federacy !, 
  - gdp ( nominal ) per capita : slovenia is ahead of portugal and greece - gdp ( ppp ) per capita : the czech republic , slovenia , slovakia , estonia and lithuania are all ahead of portugal and greece and poland are ahead of greece ; - gni per capita : slovenia is ahead of portugal and greece and the czech republic and slovakia are ahead of greece ; - gni ( nominal , atlas method ) per capita : slovenia is ahead of portugal and greece - average wage : none are ahead - median wage : slovenia is ahead of portugal - human development index : slovenia is ahead of spain , italy , greece and portugal , the czech republic is ahead of greece and portugal and estonia , slovakia , poland and lithuania are all ahead of portugal but it seems the top 5 countries , especially estonia and the czech republic will surpass them in most of these statistics in the coming years , if not in one year . 
  what a rude waiter . 
  i would have taken back the tip ... 
   it seems they have a very strict tipping policy not really a policy , rather a custom . 
  you are not obliged to tip !, 
  but in estonia you can tip if you want to . 
  someone expecting you to tip is an asshole . 
  you may not always understand where the sun is in a forest , if it 's a bit cloudy . 
  actually it does n't that much happen with tourists , but it happens a lot with locals . 
  people get horribly lost 5 km from their home ...  we also have big forest here . 
  but we also have more villages scattered trough out exactly . 
  you can easily spot the forest density difference between estonia and lithuania from a satellite map . 
  it definitely wo n't be so simple for a not-so-young person . 
  people have a nasty habit of walking in circles if they do n't know where they are going ( which is scientifically not understood by the way ) . 
  your plan should be : 1 ) know the general map of the area ; 2 ) tell someone , where you are going ; 3 ) look up from time to time and try to understand where you are ; 4 ) if you do n't know where you are , finding out should become priority no . 
  1 ; 5 ) have a cellphone with a full battery with you . 
  and you may not understand it as forests in estonia are way bigger and swampier than the ones in lithuania . 
  - [ * kohuke * ] ( http://static.iltalehti.fi/pippuri/patukkaetu2206ls_ah.jpg ) ( `` curd snack '' ) - they have similar snacks in latvia and lithuania ; - [ kalev 's blueberry white chocolate ] ( http://kalev.eu/upload/product/651_big.jpg ), 
  do n't go wandering into forests without an exit plan . . 
  muesli/cereal , porridge , sandwiches , fried eggs . 
  of course . 
  then of course we drove to the east and drove through some roma villages , which were a different world of course . 
  has it ? 
  i mean , [ we are managing fine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm4ec01u0-4 ) . 
  you have open borders with estonia as well - not for so long , but very influentially definitely . 
   when and who stated that finland is a baltic state . 
  almost everyone before 1940 ...  9/10 finns do not visit estonia ever . 
  ever . 
  ** ever !!!, 
  ** :d clearly not biased . 
  it is very common in estonia . 
  people have their secret spots , which they usually hold secret from their family , sometimes even from their in-laws , 
  joke 's on you - my country never really had its own monarchy !, 
   i have n't been to estonia you do n't say ...  when we are talking about countries so close to one another the fact that estonia is closer to some bunch dulls out into irrelevance . 
  and i still say that this seems to be a minority among finns . 
   we had more norwegian volunteers during ww2 since we in all honesty were at war against you . 
  you were at war against the country occupying us , boy !, 
  you have no idea how those volunteers even got to finland during the soviet and german occupations , coming from norway is incomparable . 
   the last one is absolutely false and if someone has labeled finland as a baltic state they have been off the rails big time . 
  and you claim to be knowledgeable on the subject ? 
  pathetic ...  there 's around 30 thousand ethnic finns living in norway , and that history goes into the 16th century . 
  you mean the kvens ? 
  but there are n't many norwegians living in finland . 
  humour is different and depends on the context . 
  for me there was nothing funny in your sentences . 
  christmas and midsummer are the most important cultural ones and independence day and victory day the most important state holidays . 
  you did n't really say much about your contacts with norway . 
   please , outside of a language from the same language family what are the factors that we share with estonia that we do n't with norway ? 
  do tell what these facts are . 
  i do n't know where to start : - almost identical cultural heritage - shared periods under the same rule ( 1561-1710 and 1808-1917 ) , plus strong relations between the geographically close countries in the years 1917-1940 and 1991 onwards . 
  plus most of finland 's population lives relatively close to most of estonia 's population . 
  - lots of volunteer soldiers in the estonian war of independence and the winter and continuation wars - shared anthem - lots of estonians living in finland - quite sure more finns have visited estonia than norway - finland was also labeled a baltic state until world war ii  edit : go freshen up on your history that is an interesting subgroup of finns indeed , but has this really affected how close mainland finns are to norwegians ? 
  we have a lot of humour in these parts of europe as well , but the humour is probably different , ca n't see the joke here . 
   edit : you fough me ... and now this !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  yes , but i feel like i need to stress that it 's perfectly ok to label us ee in certain contexts , especially when comparing with other post-socialist countries . 
  i do n't care if you love us or not , i am talking about facts here . 
  and how have you `` been with norway '' for a much longer period again ? 
   i 'm telling you , we share more with norway than with estonia . 
  that is just bs . 
  you do n't strike me as very knowledgeable on the subject . 
  because a scot is more in western europe than in northern europe . 
  but the un does classify the british isles as part of northern europe by the way . 
   if that 's the sole reason then you and finns should n't be there in the first place . 
  what 's the logic behind this ? 
  how are northern germanic languages more northern european than finnic languages ? 
  the first are in the western part of ne and the latter are in the eastern part of ne . 
   what 's with this ne obsession anyway ?!, 
  it looks ridiculous for an outsider . 
  sorry ' and for us it 's ridiculous when people label us eastern europe if our closest cultural neighbor is 80 km from us and is labeled northern europe . 
  if you were a german , i would have reacted about the same way , if danish , then probably not as they themselves are northern europeans . 
  however it would still have been a weird concept . 
  i am aware that you have strong relations with sweden , but do n't be kidding yourself that you have stronger relations with norway or even comparable relations with denmark than with estonia ...  the connection we share with the nordic nations is more evolved because of history and similar povs of this world . 
  and you act like you are that much more of a nordic country than estonia is ... 
   this benefits those countries but not the host countries . 
  some of these countries like latvia and lithuania have lost considerable work force , who are most likely not returning . 
   i have in fact got a degree in international relations which focused partially on the eu . 
  and so have i. . .  just because i am not completely pro-eu does not make me a racist nor does it make me ignorant . 
  neither am i completely pro-eu , yet my argumentation does n't resort to racist arguments ...  for me personally i do not think that eastern europe should have been included because since their inclusion we have seen huge amounts of immigration to the uk , france , germany and so on and often those immigrants do not integrate , do not want to live in those countries , they only want to earn enough money to set them up back home . 
  and that 's why you are extremely short-sighted ...  that benefits eastern europe a lot , it does not benefit western europe . 
  it benefits europe in general and therefore western europe . 
  plus , you got to develop all those years while the ussr illegally controlled half of europe under a ridiculous economic system . 
  it was also your government that cooperated with the ussr to defeat the nazis and gave the soviets free hands to control eastern europe . 
  it is only fair that you help those countries restore their economies with a relatively small output . 
   telling everyone who has a different opinion to you that they 're stupid , unintelligible , ignorant and racist is a brilliant way to win the argument by the way . 
  generally no , but if the person is seeing some small immigration issue as a problem big enough to actually regard the inclusion of post-socialist states into the eu as a mistake , then calling that person ignorant and short-sighted is the right thing to do ...  that 's exactly how the brexit argument won because the stay side were exactly like you .
