  samsung galaxy seems to be extremely popular here . 
  football is the most popular tv sport perhaps , but not by attendance . 
  basketball probably beats football in this field . 
  we have the term * v\u00e4liseestlased * ( `` outside estonians '' ) and the estonians abroad call us * kodueestlased * ( `` home estonians '' ) . 
  we are indeed the same ethnic group and i know plenty of them , who have moved back to estonia . 
  i do consider them ethnic estonians , but they are usually at least a little americanized of canadianized . 
  dude like every second latvian is named j\u0101nis . 
  however jaan would be the quite similar cognate in estonia . 
  kaia is also popular in estonia . 
  i speak estonian , english and german , plus a little russian . 
  i am starting my french lessons again after a long time so hopefully i will master french eventually . 
  plus finnish is similar enough so i know some of it . 
  well we have the estonian-russian cultural differences , but among the estonian population there is the north-south divide . 
  almost all died in the holocaust - very very few survived . 
  there are about 500 roma in estonia today , according to census data , but this number is thought to be about 1,500 in reality . 
  they are mostly centered around tartu . 
  because smalltalk is seen as a rude thing in many european countries . 
  do n't speak if you 've got nothing to say , especially with a stranger . 
  like , not a coworker ( from another branch of the company even ) ? 
  weird as fuck . 
  no , they do n't assume - they could be from other countries as well , but just most of the foreign roma are indeed from romania . 
   i did n't use the first and the second was a comment on your level of discussion , little more than a cartoon . 
  you could have informed me that it was your subjective opinion on my argumentation process because that could have very well been your thoughts on the relations between democracies and dictatorships . 
   neither mean the equivalency you suggest , and you 're being dishonest and more cartoony in further suggesting it means something else . 
  you are bringing down the level of discussion here . 
  my mistake on your argument was the fault of both of us . 
  yet you were the one to call my argumentation a cartoon as it turns out . 
  care to explain yourself ? 
   you really are incredibly thick , so away and boil your head . 
  i am quite knowledgeable in the subject , so i am waiting good arguments . 
  you called it `` cat and mouse '' or `` tom and jerry '' and i get exactly what you mean by that . 
  of course , we do n't particularly celebrate `` christmas '' , we celebrate [ yule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yule ) ( or more directly , `` yules '' - * j\u00f5ulud * ) . 
  you 're the one equating democracies to dictatorships - that is lack of education . 
  in estonian they are called * mustlased * ( `` blackies '' or `` blacksies '' , although in the same time meaning something like `` dirties '' ) , the pc word * romad * ( `` romas '' ) seems like raping the language ... 
  but most of them are well-integrated due to their small numbers in estonia . 
  i had two roma girls on my course in university , one of them was even our course tutor , so quite popular . 
  there are some barely integrated communities in tartu however . 
  they have been notorious as beggars , scam artists and trash salesmen . 
  one begging scam i remember was when they wanted to raise money for a deaf community center , only that when i talked to them , they understood with barely looking at my mouth . 
  it was later revealed to be a scam after the real deaf community intervened . 
  there also seems to be a slight problem with gypsies from romania . 
  it 's a former part of austria , still with a strong german-speaking majority . 
  it went to italy after world war i i guess ^ ( always wanted to use two i-s next to each other ) and italy is quite reluctant to let the region go again , although they have an extensive autonomy and due to it being a rich region , do n't really want to go back under austria where they 'd lose that autonomy . 
  every newspaper has about one comprehensive news article per day with pictures . 
  there is also a newsblog about the recent news . 
  tv news also have an extensive segment about the battle every day . 
   tim mi ** n ** chin and yes , he 's exceptionally good !, 
  i 'm an atheist but i do celebrate christmas . 
  it has nothing to do with religion if you do n't go to church . 
  so do we . 
  works for the entire northern half of europe . 
  yeah it 's rare , but i remember a few cases like that . 
  oh really , i did not know that . 
  in that case if this is the flag of just denmark , it means the faroe islands are excluded from this banner . 
  the more southeast you go , the welcoming they get . 
  georgians are extremely welcoming in anyone 's experience , who have ever visited . 
   i 'm glad you 're not in charge . 
  the last thing anyone needs is ww3 because china is n't democratic enough for your tastes . 
  such crusades benefit no one -- least of all the oh-so-oppressed chinese plebs . 
  it 's not like anyone would attack china - but smaller dictatorships could be brought down . 
  grenada was the best example . 
   the fine print being as long as you do it through the democratic process . 
  how is that a fine print ? 
  this is like a constitutional precondition . 
   democracy says do what you want , as long as you do it through the democratic process . 
  so where does that leave us ? 
  in a more free place than with any other system ? 
   bring him to justice and restore democracy . 
  yes . 
   i 'll take that principle , only without the fine print . 
  suspend elections , enforce a state religion , gas your own people . 
  i do n't give a damn . 
  what fine print ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  turkish and egyptian resorts used to be very popular , but now probably not so much . 
  besides riga , stockholm , helsinki and saint petersburg , the most popular destinations apparently are the canary islands and thailand , but of course also numerous destinations in western and southern europe . 
   christianity is the only system that saves the people from eternal damnation . 
  everything else is illegitimate and evil by default . 
   socialism is the only system that frees the proletariat from bourgeois capitalist exploitation . 
  everything else is illegitimate and evil by default . 
  except the western foreign policy is n't about christianity . 
  plus neither christianity , nor socialism left any room for new ideas . 
  democracy itself is void of any ideology . 
  it 's like secularism - do whatever the fuck you want . 
  it came back for many countries , luckily not for mine . 
  it does , it 's the same . 
  speak the language and not try to implement the twisted rules of their religion or former country in our country . 
  everything else is irrelevant . 
  yeah , he was good in his own way , but utterly overhyped , especially when he died and since that . 
  we have the most international super models per capita . 
  ^ just ^ saying, 
   question last posted 3 days ago by user u/goshuk , link you , sir , are the real mvp . 
  every time !, 
  the wave of nationalism will continue until mainstream parties understand that most people do n't want mass immigration . 
  i saw the same thing in poland . 
  we usually stand up when the class starts . 
  sometimes it is done automatically when the teacher enters , sometimes after his or her orders , depending on the teacher . 
  then when we the teacher tells us to sit , the class has begun . 
  some teachers also want the pupils to say something like `` good morning/day , teacher/mr/ms / mrs name/surname '' , but this has become rarer i thing . 
  in every way .
