   if you equate the midsummer to solstice ( saulgrie\u017ei ) , then yes , you could say that we call it midsummer . 
  so do we , but when talking about the weather , the climate or the hours of darkness , but not when we talk of the holiday . 
   and there are also people who celebrate j\u0101\u0146i and solstice / midsummer separately , as the astronomical solstice is usually on the 21st or 22nd , while j\u0101\u0146i is 23rd and 24th . 
  that is something new . 
  of course for us it 's not the st john 's day that matters , but the night before during the st john 's night ( * jaani\u00f6\u00f6 * ) , which happens to align on another public holiday , the victory day . 
  so we 've got two public holidays in a row . 
  it 's logical that this language turned out to be russian , yet it 's illogical that one needed to russify the entire country . 
  which francophone colonies ? 
  you mean the barely inhabited ones ? 
   and actually they did have significant autonomy that was nominal . 
  just words on a paper . 
   that 's why they had their own internal leadership with their own leadership ties . 
  appointed by moscow . 
  that definitely , but still the average russian does n't live that far north , close from it . 
  i think you 're thinking of northern europe in general . 
  why have a holiday when you ca n't drink during the festivities ? 
   were siphoned from it to develop far less developed central asian ssrs for example . 
  divide and conquer . 
  huge numbers of resources from the baltic republics were sent to the rest of the ussr for example . 
   russia and russians typically always ended up suffering the most under the more violent ussr dictators such as stalin . 
  yet it saw a massive russification policy and the widening of the ethnic russian habitat . 
   like most federal states consisting of many fairly autonomous republics none of the nominal federal states of the ussr had any autonomy . 
  it was a tough week for me . 
  i mean , * [ j\u0101\u0146i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j\u0101\u0146i ) * literally comes from st john , so i 'm not sure what you are talking about . 
  and of course we are n't for a long time celebrating the day because of the saint , but we still call the day after the saint . 
  it 's the same in estonian , where it 's * jaanip\u00e4ev * ( `` jaan 's day '' ) , which derives from st john 's day . 
  nobody really calls it midsummer in estonia . 
  wow , that may have been the confusion . 
  i got it from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_holidays_in_spain ) , which had an extensive table on the subject . 
  however as one spaniard already pointed out that it 's official public holiday in galicia as well , but your edit clarified the situation a lot !, 
   australia is a continent and a country . 
  you are aware of this , are n't you ? 
  sure , but which of these countries are little rocks ? 
   so you are telling me you can not refuse service to a russian who politely asks in russian or kick them out perhaps ? 
  i 'd like a clear answer here . 
  because no one does that even here . 
  you can not really refuse service for speaking a foreign language . 
  you are not obliged to understand that language , nor have to answer in that language , but you are not allowed to refuse service . 
   and yes , the peoples who got their languages destroyed in scotland and ireland . 
  yes , what about them ? 
   new zealand has an indiginous population , btw . 
  but do they matter ? 
  i am aware of that . 
  and they matter quite a lot , i 'd say more than in any new world country . 
   and the tune they 'd sing is the degree of anglicisation that saw their own pride and culture fade . 
  saw , but does n't see anymore . 
   much worse than the 30 % of estonia . 
  try 3x that . 
  irish is on the verge of extinction . . welsh is just barely clinging on for its life . 
  a lot worse indeed . 
  but what of it ? 
   crimea chose to be with russia - i know because of the international reports that show that generally , more than 50 % are satisfied with the decision and/or want russia over ukraine . 
  yeah , but surveys do n't count for a referendum . 
  nor were they indigenous people to decide being together with russia !, 
   and i 've observed europe for a long time now . 
  every time someone brings up britain 's empire there 's always a shining regret over it . 
  as if it was n't a bad thing . 
  really ? 
  not something i 've observed . 
   and why would it be to europeans who do n't get affected by colonialism ? 
  what do you mean europeans do n't get affected by colonialism ? 
  i mean , my country was a colony for a long time ...  but it 's just `` oh well , that 's the way the world works '' when it was britain , and not russia . 
  no , i 'm saying these actions were legal before the 20th century . 
  but i criticize the soviet russian and russian federation crimes , not the russian empire 's crimes , at least not in the context of international law . 
   what i 'm claiming in response to that is that africa is seen as just some irrelevant place where bad stuff happens and no one can be blamed for trying to `` civilise '' a void . 
  well they can be blamed , i think this happens quite a lot . 
   i am saying that colonisation there was just as bad and misguided as anywhere else , and it should n't be treated differently is it ? 
  these seem to be empty claims . 
   or with lack of empathy while russian is somehow given the shitstick every single day . 
  not the russian empire era , when it was legal ...  i know this from personal experience like you know russians apparently in `` large share '' support the past actions . 
  uh-huh . 
  because they are brainwashed to do so . 
   also really ? 
  the only positive things you got from the su existence were basically hatred of it uniting your neighbours ? 
  more or less . 
   wow . 
  so ... not the music ? 
  the soviet music ? 
  what the hell is that ? 
   not the space push ? 
  sure , it eventually drove the country into bankruptcy . 
   not cartoons what ? 
   or attempted security what ? 
   or a counterweight to the us ? 
  the us was the counterweight to the ussr , not the other way around . 
   not toys and games kids invented back then from parts of other things ? 
  what was special about soviet era games or toys ? 
   nothing at all . 
  just hate . 
  nazis also invented beautiful stuff , does it outweigh the horror ? 
   and period ? 
  no , it 's not `` and period '' . 
  if another vote needs to be taken with international observers , very well wonder why russia does n't want that ...  but it 's not `` and period '' . 
  yes it is . 
  if you do n't get international law , do n't try to push an agenda ...  crimea has every right to choose its destiny . 
  the `` indigenous '' crimean tatars ( unrelated to our buddies in tatarstan , btw ) are something like 16 % of the population . 
  do you know why they are 16 % ? 
   not all of them boycotted , and even if they did , that 's still 80 % in favour . 
  still more than half . 
  of immigrants .
