  russia is a dictatorship !, 
   some of them . 
  hence the civil war . 
  so if some americans were british loyalists , then can we say that america did n't deserve democracy and freedom and independence ? 
   if you have civil war , that means that the idea you are fighting for does n't fit your society . 
  so it takes 1 opposing person to say that democracy does n't fit to a society ? 
   they did n't choose the most democratic guy in the box . 
  who ? 
  several post-soviet states are democracies . 
   it does n't happen instantly . 
  it did for many peoples . . plus there is ** no gradual democratization with assad ** !!, 
  it 's ok , he liberated europe ... 
  for some reason his name is translated as `` ivan the cruel '' into estonian ( * ivan julm * ) and finnish ( * ivan julma * ) . 
  apparently estonians are balts now ... a few historical inaccuracies , which is given for such a map , but otherwise absolutely wonderful !, 
   how would you feel if narva would secede to russia with a referendum russians are not indigenous in the territory of estonia , most of them are very recent immigrants or their descendants ... 
  the sole reason these places are majority russian is that ** ethnic estonians were not allowed to return to the former estonian majority town ** and now narva has like 3 % estonians . 
  russians being there is through a crime against international law . 
  we can talk of no right to self determination here . 
   or , in case you are russian what ? 
   if dagestan would become an independent country ? 
  good for them if they want that !, 
   t seems to me pretty normal that spaniards are irritated by all these manouvres about independence , nobody likes his own homeland losing power and territories . 
  insane !, 
  it 's not for spaniards to have a say on the subject !, 
   not to forget that their constitution gives great autonomy to every comunidad utterly irrelevant . 
   and autonomy was given just to prevent these movements for independence . 
  autonomy does n't prevent the right of self determination . 
   also saying that catalans are an etnyc group is pretty debatable it is really not though ...  they had massive immigration from other parts of spain and from other countries so ? 
  perhaps the more reason to secede ...  so they just differ for the language as if they did n't have a distinct local culture and identity ...  i 'm not even sure that they were an etnic group before this immigration . 
  what ?? 
  yes ? 
  what 's so lol about it ? 
  if the constitution restricts the right of self determination , then that part of constitution is against international law !, 
  random parts ? 
  ever heard of the right of self determination ? 
  catalans are an indigenous ethnic group , yet spaniards do n't let them have that right . 
   people get leaders they deserve . 
  no they do n't . 
  syrian people revolted against assad , yet assad holds the power and has means to crush any opposition , unlike the opposition , which does n't have those means . 
  plus in many places the evil regimes that rule them may come from abroad , or from another ethnic group . 
  you ca n't say they deserve them ...  look at europe a few centuries ago . 
  yet now it is peaceful democratic haven . 
  a few centuries ago ? 
  half of europe was under a repressive totalitarian dictatorship only 27 years ago !, 
  they did n't deserve it , the repressive regime was forced upon them !, 
   the democratic one will lose its positions and succumb to extremists . 
  not with international backing . 
   assad is somewhere in the middle are you insane ??? 
  he is one of the most repressive leaders on the planet !, 
   hell , even russia . 
  it is a developed society , but they still have hard time accepting some of the democratic ideas . 
  some ? 
  they have no democratic ideas !, 
   how do you expect the syrians to do any better ? 
  syrian people revolted against their regime , russians did not . 
   before rise of modern nationalism nationalism and self identity is another thing , which changes in time . 
  ethnicity does n't change much . 
  if local forces do n't suffice , then by the international community . 
  they are a regional alternative . 
  russia can end and start the ukraine thing whenever they want , but once they lose syria , there is n't much getting it back . 
  what an imperialist ... 
   iraq and lybia are truly paragons of democracy and prosperity nowadays . 
  so are all the other factions ...  they are the only force at this time that could actually stop the war though . 
  yeah , but to what purpose for us ?? 
   and who do you think would win if assad loses ? 
  the jihadists do n't want democracy either . 
  ai n't that simple ...  those that are running away from war , and not assad specifically might . 
  yet many of the refugees are from families that initially fought against assad , when fsa was yet a major contributor and had n't partly radicalized . 
   imagine the refugee wave if those areas were to fall . 
  fall to what is the question . 
  see ? 
  it is a better lie !, 
  it is still a former spanish colony where the later colonists took power and declared independence from spain . 
   and leaving the country in the arms of good freedom-loving rebels why not do this stage differently then ...  iraq and lybia are truly paragons of democracy and prosperity nowadays . 
  how can you even compare the two ? 
  these were very different conflicts and rule has been given to the current powers very differently . 
  you only portray your lack of knowledge on the subject here . 
   take off your rose-tinted glasses nice passive-aggressiveness ...  it 's either assad or islamist extremists . 
  the world is not that simple . 
   guess which one is worse . 
  it 's not just between the two options . 
   assad is a dictator , but in the current climate there is no chance in hell anything remotely democratic would even work . 
  sure , but even a not so democratic rule can be moderate . 
   if some other party gains an upper hand , it will just prolong the conflict conflict is prolonged only with little support . 
  with major international intervention the war would be over quickly . 
   iran wo n't let go , and the war will start all over again . 
  iran would n't start a war against the international community . 
  assad over jihadists ? 
  sure . 
  but that is not the point here . 
  he is close to being just as radical and just as repressive . 
  there should be a wide international intervention in syria to bring down the dictator and destroy isis/al-nusra . 
   the change would be an even more regressive islamist state run by former al qaeda members . 
  we have an oracle . 
   you should observe the other options before making brash assumptions . 
  oh boy . .  oh and the `` refugees '' would never return to syria anyway . 
  to a stable syria under a moderate government ? 
  i 'm sure that many will . 
  all of those radical groups , including assad , need to be taken down !, 
  it can be with enough support .
