  i was born six months after that . 
  literally everyone . 
  the streets were completely empty . 
  russification was still a key policy of the soviet union . 
  estonia once fitted a third of its population [ into one festival grounds ] ( https://youtu.be/frzzdj6_auq?t=51m51s ) . 
  finland is not a scandinavian country though . 
  i 'm amazed at how many western europeans think this is western anti-russian propaganda . 
  but your country will lose . 
  the country of your ancestors , the country that sure needs you more . 
  if all you care about is your wage , then are n't you a cheap person ? 
   it is in various examples like crimea most russians did n't come to crimea centuries ago ...  and most parts of russia where you have argued for this nonsense . 
  again , wtf ...  how ? 
  a state that does n't have any separatism , and has little to no serious ethnic tensions is stable by the very definition of the world . 
  which state in particular does n't have separatism ? 
   despite it not appealing to your small-minded narrow definition of historic justice . 
  at least you are not subjective . 
   what 's unstable about actually stable countries ? 
  sheer force holding indigenous minorities down ? 
  yeah , great stability !, 
   in what way would you serve global stability by creating hundreds of unsustainable semi-apartheid states that would be constantly mired in ethnic conflict ? 
  wow , an apartheid all of a sudden ...  what does that even mean ? 
  what is so inherently different from georgia seceding from the soviet union or chechnya seceding from russia ? 
   no , they do n't . 
  indigenous peoples have some rights per international agreements ( where the definition of indigenous groups is much narrower than the way you 're using it ) , but those do n't touch on or come into conflict with the territorial integrity of states . 
  there is a right to self determination , how do you not get this ??? 
   and that indigenous peoples have no enshrined right to territorial sovereignty that those subhuman colonizers you loathe so much do n't also have . 
  what ?? 
   yes , we should believe the estonian who inanely demonizes russia every two seconds for an honest appraisal of the realities of russian domestic policy . 
  sorry to break it to you but having such a dehumanizing view of the russians does n't make you an expert despite how edgy it is . 
  of russians ? 
  wow . 
  it 's a little different than rightly demonizing the russian dictatorship or its minority policy , do n't you think ? 
   which means they 're stable if not always perfectly contented ... as opposed to the five hundred demographically unsustainable micro-states you would create out of russia ( that you still have nobody in the world to enforce ) . 
  five hundred ? 
  wow again ... and do you really prefer this sort of stability that is used as a threat by the controlling nation , who keeps russifying its minorities ? 
  and how would they be micro-nations ? 
  do you even know anything of the demographics of russia or are you just pulling these arguments out of a hat ? 
   and yet you advocate for the establishment of hundreds of these cases and act offended and surprised when i bring up the prospect of ethnic and military conflict , and act like it could never happen in your fantasy world and accuse me of making things up whenever i broach the subject . 
  real good critical thinking skills , once again . 
  you are actively supporting the country that uses violence against an indigenous ethnic group for using the right of self determination ... that 's heartless !, 
   russia retook what international law admits is their territory , as ukraine has retaken parts of its east , as georgia has retaken adjara , as croatia and bosnia defeated serb separatists etc. 
  by what standards is crimea `` admitted '' as russian territory by international law ? 
  i am sorry , your knowledge of international law is just horrible !, 
   sorry for actually caring about and understanding international law i understand international law rather well , considering i have a degree in law , concentrating on international law ...  and not having a worldview solely based on loathing russians . 
  glad i am not part of such bunch either . 
  is anyone ? 
   i 'll argue against the russians when and where they 're in the wrong do you ? 
  do you really ? 
  how about this :  russia retook what international law admits is their territory  not when international law says they 're in the right and you continue with nonsense ...  and where every other state in the world would have done similar things what was the last country to illegally invade , occupy and annex a territory of another internationally recognized state with internationally recognized borders ? 
  oh i remember , it was kuwait by iraq !, 
  32 countries literally went to war with iraq over its actions !, 
   unlike you i will not argue against russia on every single issue just for it being russia . 
  it 's just horrible when a person does n't see the qualitative difference between events and generalizes along the very same lines that state-controlled russian media provides as their never-ending propaganda . 
   yes , i should be like you and just live in la-la land where i can come up with a scenario that would deny the majority population their political rights the majority of the population in this case are foreigners . 
  the foreigners have literally taken over the country , stripping the indigenous population from their right of self determination . 
  how is this some sort of la-la-land ??? 
   do n't let anyone analyse it and tell you what what consequences real-life examples of such things have though , that would just be ` making shit up ' but you are literally making shit up and generalizing a bad scenario for every case ...  ugh . 
  you 're arguing this for ethnic groups members of whom have been born and died in these territories for possibly dozens of generations , these are n't immigrants , get your head out of your ass , dude . 
  yes they are immigrants . 
  so are people of my ethnicity when they settle out to distant places ... 
  they are immigrants until they assimilate . 
  not saying they are illegal immigrants , but immigrants nonetheless . 
   ` i 'm not saying they should n't have rights just no real rights , they should n't be totally ignored , just on everything that matters which will still magically cause no friction whatsoever ' . 
  thing is this matters more to the indigenous population . 
  the immigrant population most likely has their own nation somewhere , where their language is the official language . 
  just do n't come to a territory of another ethnic group en masse and then start to demand your own language as an official language . 
  and it 's not all that matters - taxes , education , penal laws etc. . .  in your subjective view of justice it 's the most terrible thing that has ever happened in the world . 
   in the view of anyone with a clue of world history it 's pretty par for the course as far as human history goes . 
  you 'd be surprised of my knowledge of world history ...  and ` old world ' unrealistically , such as all over russia where they would not have majorities and where you have no way of ever enforcing this nonsense . 
  i am not talking about just majorities or minorities for the old world . 
  most of the new world population has died , there are only a few very different native ethnic groups left and in small numbers . 
  the whole concept of the new world is that it is a place of immigrants . 
   what ? 
  you 're literally advocating the breaking up of large states against the wishes of the majority population . 
  so if the soviet union had a russian majority , then none of the republics could secede ? 
  that 's just twisted and evil logic ...  again , great going with being inanely reductive . 
  as i said before if these things have happened recently and illegally and there 's a way to apply pressure to the guilty country to voluntarily repatriate i 'd argue for that to happen . 
  it did n't much happen illegally for georgia or ukraine . 
  did they not have the right to secede ? 
   you 've not come up with an adequate argument for about 10 comments straight now . 
  you keep giving hysterical remarks about there being an imminent genocide as soon as an ethnic group wants independence ... 
   highly educated , foreign-language-speaking people i 'm sorry , but that has become a norm . 
  do n't wait to be treated specially because of that !, 
  your country will lose you and your contribution . 
  that indeed , but this guy has obviously chosen to find mostly western european buildings . 
  i would n't mind a list of western european buildings , i just do n't see the need to label it pan-european . 
   i rest my case . 
  if you had just a bit of intellect you would already know how irrational , unobjective and politically and ideologically charged your `` education '' is . 
   now please show me which of my statements do you think are untrue and do n't generalize !, 
  this !, 
  this !, 
   as non-science wait , what ? 
   that 's not science , it 's another term for exactly what i said - ideological indoctrination . 
  oh boy ... clearly you do n't have any education on the subject if you claim that . 
   and away from modern brainwash . 
  modern ? 
  i understood your education comes from decades ago . 
   you act like russia has changed with those 75 years . 
  ( talk about bs and generalizations again , will ya ? ), 
  russia in the context of viewing itself within the world and compared to its neighbors has n't changed much .
