  what nationalist ideas ?????? 
  heck , i 'm not going to stop : ?????????????????????????????????????????????? 
  happened both in barcelona and its adjacent areas and madrid . 
  if differences exist because of different climate , ** then differences exist ** and that 's my point !, 
  the attitude is close to the german kind , however northerners are more keen on relaxing their soul from all the hassle of the city in the countryside or wandering in bogs or forests . 
  and again , you act like in order for us to generalize a bit , the boundaries where the north and south collide have to be marked by thin borders that must always be in the same place . 
  as i said before , the two concepts are not monoliths and they may vary depending on the subject . 
  yet differences exist between northerners and southerners . 
  whether one specific territory is in the north or south depends on how north or south it really is and what subject we are comparing . 
   northerners are naive never even heard of that stereotype . 
  i am not saying the differences are so deep , i am saying that some differences exist . 
  it 's not considered a civilizational difference , it is considered a regional difference within a civilization just like you so often compare northern italy and southern italy yet for most foreigners , you are just italians with the same culture . 
  and do n't start on russia , that place is barely europe ... 
  even its european part . 
  and even if they do come from different sources , just a few years ago all economies were vulnerable . 
  and there does n't seem to be a correlation in private debt and public debt and also any regional differences in private dept. 
   the difference between portuguese and greeks have little to religion and more with [ ... ] geography . 
  seriously ? 
  we are comparing north and south and you are saying greece and portugal are not similar because of geography ? 
  the [ blueberry white chocolate ] ( http://www.kalev.ee/upload/product/651_big.jpg ) by kalev is often praised as the best one . 
  i am not saying we can not be two at the same time . 
  i am just saying that we are nordic and not baltic . 
  and your logical fallacy continues as you think you can cooperate only with countries in some specific region . 
   they do n't exist in southern europe either unless you are a toddler or a peasant . 
  seriously ? 
  almost all the shops were closed for hours when i was in spain . 
  and for peasants and children , it does n't exist at all in northern europe . 
   people that live in cauntries more intensely populated have tinier personal spaces . 
  you do understand that northern europe has dense cities , where people still like to keep their distance , right ? 
  both kisses and hugs are awkward for true northerners ... like , you may hug a very close person , who you have n't seen for a long time or if they have a birthday or something , but never just as a greeting - it almost never happens ... 
  i remember when some austrian girls visited me in estonia and they were buffled that estonians do n't kiss or hug their friends when meeting them . 
  how do i over generalize ? 
  these are indeed supposed to be general observations , you act like there are no differences between northern and southern europe ...  we are the children of our home lands after all . 
  what do you mean ? 
   i 'm curios about this 2 [ 1 ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/public-debt-europe.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/notation_financi\u00e8re_des_etats_europ\u00e9ens_par_dgcr.svg/500px-notation_financi\u00e8re_des_etats_europ\u00e9ens_par_dgcr.svg.png ) . 
  with greeks and portuguese i specifically chose the two furthest very southern european countries with different religious backgrounds . 
  backed it up with what ? 
  what ? 
  you made the claim . 
  i am aware of the general reports , i am more interested in your reported icty case . 
  you have gotten into your head that estonia being nordic somehow destroys our friendship with the baltic states ... that 's your logical fallacy and as long as you do n't know understand that , there 's nothing to do with you . 
  can you give me a link to that ? 
  as an international law jurist , i 'd find it fascinating . 
  we had some before and during the new refugee crisis , we took 7 and soon 20 , with plans to take up to 550 . 
  but you need to understand that we already have like 30 % immigrants , so anything more is kind of a touchy subject . 
  the populace is relatively stable . 
  sure , a lot of people are or have been working in finland and sweden , but as they are still close , they have retained their lives in estonia . 
  birth rates are actually better than in most former socialist states . 
  who said i want to abandon regional cooperation ?? 
  jesus , i can not argue with you , you keep putting words into my mouth . 
  i 'm done !, 
  i 'm not saying it 's a crime , just that siestas and this kind of attitude does n't exist in northern europe , whether for obvious reasons or not . 
  of course every nation and every person have different ideas of personal boundaries , but there 's a clear north-south difference here . 
  you act like we ca n't generalize at all . 
  that is not very healthy . 
  because the context that southern europe is generally used is work ethics , family relations , fiscal policy , loudness , personal space etc which are more similar between portugal and greece with their different religions than they are similar between northern and southern europe . 
  no , three countries are indeed anti-russian and super friendly , but this does n't mean they belong to the same over-simplified region . 
  the baltics do n't buy us being nordic ? 
  big deal ? 
  and who 's talking about eastern europe ? 
  and although the three baltic states are generally considered to be northern europe , i 'd say lithuania and parts of latvia have very little to do with northern europe . 
  any proof ? 
  kind of resemble the soldiers of odin in finland and estonia . 
  in estonia : estonian male workers in finland . 
  the best example is [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1eowvd2boo&amp;nohtml5=false ) . 
  social democracy has been very weak in estonia since the restoration of independence . 
  there is the social democratic party , but that has been relatively moderate for two decades and only recently has turned a little more to the left . 
  generally i think that social democrats alone in the government is not very sustainable as they do n't tend to care about fiscal responsibility and also their social policy tends to be `` support anyone , who has little '' , while our liberal or social liberal reform party been more like `` support anyone , who has little and should have more '' , like children , students , teachers , medical workers etc. 
  the poor do n't need to get richer , but all children should have ( nearly ) equal opportunities and crucial jobs should earn a decent wage . 
  so on one hand i support sanders because he has promised free tuition , but on the other , he is a little too leftist for me . 
  he is not a socialist however even if he claims so and neither is any nordic country like he sometimes claims - he is a regular social democrat . 
  you americans seem to twist classical ideologies . 
  your socialists are really social democrats and your liberals is a broad group of center-left , while in reality liberals are rather center-right . 
  perhaps there is a reason for that ? 
  what is it to you , swede ? 
  and tell me , how many smaller countries than estonia have fighters ? 
   go a bit deeper is rather vague yeah , take the first introductory sentence and call it vague ... one could say that the religious divide is important for non-orthodox european cultures . 
  as i said , neither of those regions are monoliths . 
  and of course countries and even internal regions differ as well , but you could still draw some general conclusions on how the north and the south differ from each other . 
  having siestas is not a northern thing , having close large families is not a northern thing , not knowing personal boundaries of strangers is not a northern thing etc. 
  it 's not like there exists any certain border between northern and southern europe either , one could include southern germany with the north and with the south , depending on the argument . 
  it 's not exact science , just general observations on history and culture . 
  how exactly is it ruining the reputation of the baltics ? 
  do you mean the reputation of our indivisible region ? 
  if that reputation is so important to you , then i suggest having yourself checked . 
   doubt sns could have paid their supporters to vote then what ? 
  well , i would n't say either of them are monoliths , it 's just most parts of southern europe share some certain values or cultural aspects with each other and so do most parts of northern europe . 
  for one , there 's the catholic-protestant divide , work ethics differences derived from that divide , climate differences , heck even roman empire controlled and uncontrolled divide . 
  what facts am i bending . 
  you are the one , who claims that estonia should label itself as baltic just like latvians do . 
  that 's close to the definition of being a chauvinist . 
  and who said i want to undermine regional cooperation ? 
  you claim that i am bending facts , while you are just blatantly bending my words . 
  i ca n't see that russia is funding nationalists ? 
  of course i see that , why would n't i ? 
  nordic languages is an obscure name for north germanic languages . 
  but as the nordic countries also include the finns and also the sami , which are finno-lappic languages , then estonia should be included as well . 
  by mixed language group i meant that `` languages of the nordic countries '' is a mixed language group composed by political and cultural , rather than linguistic lines . 
  perhaps that 's what 's your problem , that you hold the friendship between estonia and latvia only on the line of us both being a baltic country . 
  perhaps normal people do n't think so narrowly ?
