  * auto * ( `` car '' ) becomes * autodesse * ( `` into cars '' ) , which is more than 100 % longer than the nominative form . . 
  the west is about a multitude of opinions , while russia has one correct opinion . 
  it is rather difficult to organize a `` troll army '' with a multitude of opinions . 
   isolationist u.s. estonian nightmare . 
   a tree without roots will fall over , whereas a tree with roots eventually becomes part of a forest . 
  perfect . 
  although . 
  a fallen tree is still part of the forest , 
  depends on where you are from . 
  i will most likely have better quality of life than all of my ancestors in the last 800 years . 
  [ except the lone cases of nobles among my distant ancestors of course . ], 
   but there will always be people willing to serve . 
  yeah , but only these people will not be enough . 
  well , i understand that spain is not the ussr and there is no oppression going on and spain is a democratic state , yet if they deny an ethnic group the right of self determination , how are they better in this aspect ? 
   how would you feel to be serving among a bunch of people that had no desire to be in the service ? 
  how would i feel ? 
  you mean , how did i feel . 
  i was actually among them . 
  i did n't want to be there , i did n't particularly like being in the army . 
  yet i know how important that is and i support conscription . 
  i have no doubt that neither i nor the other guys , who did n't like it , yet love this country , would do fine in case of an actual war . 
  i would have no problems trusting them if they dislike being in the army , yet love estonia . 
  military is not something most people need to like . 
  military is just necessary . 
   would you really want a total pacifist covering your 6 in a combat zone ? 
  i do n't think i saw one pacifist among the 120 men in my company . 
  - war in afghanistan was legal , the iraq war was illegal . 
  - intervention in libya was legal , intervention in syria is illegal . 
  - korea and vietnam were both legal and was during the cold war to fight against growing soviet influence . 
  - latin american coups were mostly during the cold war , illegal , yet justified by the need to fight against growing soviet influence . 
  - all are/were directly supported by a large number of democratic countries , if not by most . 
  - afghanistan and iraq were started by the west , libya and syria were ongoing civil wars before the west intervened . 
  korea and vietnam were started by the pro-soviet forces . 
   install a leader/government more amicable to the west ? 
  especially justifiable during the cold war . 
   think i know plenty about them and thusly added them together . 
  which only portrays how little you know about them . 
   putin may be a cunt . 
  yes . 
   but most if not all of the instigators are . 
  what ? 
   by saying sorry afterwards , you had good intentions does not make it right . 
  what do you mean ? 
  oh boy ... you would n't get much respect in my country . 
  my type ? 
  what the heck is my type ? 
   and again , the government forced you to . 
  wtf ? 
  i served my time in the army , what have you done ? 
  well it 's not like denmark is in one piece anyway , 
   if people are too complacent and lazy to get up , then the country simply does not deserve to exist . 
  your naivety is just too cringy . 
  oh boy , the folks like you ... 
  i 'm sure if we cooperate we could just lift denmark away and put it back after we are through :d, 
  i do n't know if you read my comment from yesterday , [ but ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/54xmqw/what_would_you_like_your_country_to_do/d85ytwl ) . 
  no , a dictatorship with no freedom of speech , constant national propaganda , oligarchy rule and no free elections ... 
  it 's commonly in every estonian 's interest that we do n't get invaded by russia , lose our independence , live under a dictatorship and possibly lose property and be subjects to repressions , 
  you could buy cheap booze where southern estonians buy cheap booze - latvia , 
  perhaps you are being too harsh . 
  i can totally see finns becoming imperialist chauvinists and conquering back southern finland across the gulf !, 
  to serve national interest , including their own . 
  and it 's not like i support any kind of infringement , if you knew anything about law , then you would know that for an infringement to be legal it has to be both necessary and proportional . 
  yeah , we have a national minimum wage and conscripts earn like 1/3 of it . 
  and of course the army pays for your food and offers you accommodation , so you have enough to spend at weekends . 
  they are n't forced here either , if you really want to , then you can opt for alternative service , which may or may not be better , depending on your qualifications . 
  my friend did it in an orphanage-village and all he had to do was spend time with the children . 
  however i know people , who were offered nursery duties in a retirement center and they of course opted for the army . 
  ** opting out of both the army and alternative service however is not possible . 
  [ the oldest ] ( https://register.muinas.ee/public.php?menuid=monument&amp;action=view&amp;id=6923 ) in tartu is from the 16th century and it 's one of the few that survived the great fire . 
  tallinn is a whole different story though , [ the oldest building ] ( http://www.estoniadolls.com/en/about-us/#house_history ) having been built ca . 
  and suomenlinna was great , i visited it like 15 years ago !, 
  does helsinki have like `` the oldest '' building ? 
  tartu is mostly just as old as helsinki , considering it [ burned down in 1775 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_tartu ) . 
  my personal liberties are not infringed if i join the army voluntarily . 
  but conscription is a necessary and a proportional infringement of our personal liberties . 
  well we have been that for a century starting next year , either on one side or another . 
  indeed , they are n't exactly a paramilitary . . 
  solution : ban former conscripts from voting ? 
  well not that i think conscription is slavery , but if we talk about involuntary work in general , then it is close to slavery , especially if the wage is below the official minimum wage . 
  let him have his moment . 
  yeah , this was the part that bugged me the most . 
  after the service there are no benefits to having served and that bothers a lot !, 
  only for about half the population though , although this includes ethnic russian citizens , who are mostly quite against conscription . 
  was helsinki founded in 1901 ? 
  i knew it was younger than tallinn , but that young . . 
  i think it was like 90 euros the first two months and 130 euros the rest of the time . 
  again , seems little , but if you only have an average of three weekends per month to spend it , it 's not that bad . 
  they 've raised it quite a lot in recent years i presume . 
  heck yeah , i 've tot to record this !, 
  the reasons for not recognizing and supporting are absurd though . 
  yeah , nowadays international law has declared self determination as a right . 
  a bit sad ? 
  :d the russian immigration was a national tragedy for estonians . 
  well yeah , after three generations the estonians and russians on a large part still for totally separate societies within the same country , with only about 10 % of russians assimilated and about 40 % integrated . 
  i gave them up for 11 months . 
  plus , it was n't exactly that bad , it was still the army of a democratic country - my country , where the officers respected us for spending a year for our nation 's defense . 
  plus , after the first two months i had almost every weekend off , most of the time we could use our phones and surf the internet when nobody was watching , and the food was also great . 
  since i was in the sort of conscription elite unit , i made plenty of good friends there , all of whom are with a higher education . 
  the pay was not high , but considering the food was free and accommodation offered by the army , we had plenty of money to spend on the weekends . 
  plus the society respects you more if you 've gone through with it and with a uniform you can hitchhike very easily .
