   tibla ( ethnic slur for russian-speakers , who are full of russian propaganda ), 
  nationalism can be good , racism is not . 
  learn some wider history before dissing nationalism . 
   highlighting some random guy who can belong to any nationality but he was n't a random guy . 
   but i will not - you can not blame entire nation by some random example . 
  i am not doing that . 
   is it necessary to label people as ethnic russian ? 
  they are foreigners in our eyes . 
  that 's what happens when you illegally occupy a country , repress them and illegally send in your people as an unintegrating fifth column . 
   i wonder why this is n't labelled hate speech . 
  because it was factually correct . 
   the riots were started by estonian nationalists nice try  you have exactly 1 day to delete your hate propaganda i believe i only commented about the common understanding . 
  calm your tits . 
  if you lived here , then you 'd understand * why * we feel this way . 
  russia and russians are a constant menace . 
   yes there is , unless you subscribe by the concept of labeling them by their ethnicity . 
  yeah , that 's the thing . 
  of course utterly integrated people are not regarded non-estonians . 
  / regular teen male comment about you being on period because you wanted to use all caps . /, 
  true , women had to make their own sort of . 
  but to be fair , i may have used the word `` tampon '' nevertheless as it sounds better and it 's a universal word in most languages , 
  i kindly suggest you to learn some fucking history , communicate with ethnic estonians on this issue and perhaps visit to get a better glimpse . 
  you are just way off right now . 
   riots happen from impotence when they are not listened to they came here illegally - if they want to be listened to , then they can leave . 
   estonia , indeed , rehabilitated the estonian legion ss , waffen grenadier division of the ss etc , the nazi collaborators are honored . 
  again , learn some fucking history . 
  the estonian ss was cleared of any crimes . 
  they even guarded nazi criminals in nuremberg . 
   in its heyday , revisionism . 
  the ussr created its own version of history , there ** needs to be history revision after that ** . 
   and nationalist policies bordering on nacism are being conducted . 
  lol  your dislike is traced in all the comments even concerning languages in estonia me wanting my language to be the language of this country and not any immigrant language is racism ?? 
   fundamental differences are too strong . 
  fine , then they can either leave or integrate . 
   although in the soviet union lived together and who would have thought that what is hiding estonians knew . 
  russians were just living with propaganda . 
  they still are . 
   killed by the nazis and the estonians . 
  quelle surprise , there were collaborators in an occupied country . 
  point to a country where there were n't !, 
  it 's just weird that folks like you always bring us as the lone or one of the few examples of this happening . 
  to be fair , the event did n't just further divide the estonian and russian populations , but it also deeply divided the russian population from within , and this also from the estonian pov . 
   in your country of choosing you mean country of birth ? 
   how many russians are there in your country of choosing by birth ? 
  about 326k ( 25.2 % ) ethnic russians , but also russophone 22.6 k ( 1.7 % ) ukrainians , 12.6 k ( 0.9 % ) bulgarians and some others . 
  what is it with you people and your hate of nationalism ? 
  learn some wider history before linking nationalism just with fascism ... 
  lenin 's statue still exists in narva ( sort of ) . 
  but when it used to show to the west , it now shows towards russia . 
   that being said ~ ~ foreign ~ ~ countries very rarely reward medals to ~ ~ u.s. 
  military ~ ~ foreign military , especially to lower ranks . 
  or finns or estonians , or ... heck , anyone , who likes vodka . 
  heck , i. . 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  perhaps it 's his way of bringing us together ? 
   to the ethnic russians , who ( as you probably know well ) , have at least one person in their family who perished in ww2 , it was a symbol . 
  and for the ethnic estonians it was a symbol of occupation , so it had to go - end of story . 
   on 9th of may , they laid flowers at its ' feet , and grieved . 
  to my knowledge , that was the purpose . 
  no , its purpose was to relive a soviet-era occupation atmosphere . 
   ethnic russians have no other yearly occasion where they congregate in such a way . 
  evidently , even that might be too much for some . 
  and quelle chance - their most important festivity is about glorifying the occupation . 
   by 2006 , ethnic tensions ( which did exist ) looked to be dying down . 
  erm please , get out ...  people were throwing paint on it overnight if you glorify spilling blood , then you deserve red paint thrown at your symbols . 
   ansip 's actual election promises was to tear the monument down finally !, 
   nobody in the government saw fit to establish any communication with the russian-speaking population there was no need for that , it was not up to them to decide . 
  if you do n't like it - leave ...  i can confirm a lot of what it states . 
  i 'd like to point out that the police were particularly harsh -- people were being stockpiled on bare pavement with their hands ziptied behind their backs . 
  what do you think happens when you loot ? 
  these people got what they deserved . 
   some 800 people were rounded up and put into a portside storage building/hangar where there were sat overnight and refused the right to stand up or go the toilet . 
  there were not enough room for comfortable accommodation - that 's what happens when you loot . 
  these people got what they deserved . 
   it was not all ` young russian men ' , as you are being told here , because it mattered to russian-speakers of all ages . 
  irrelevant as looting is illegal for people of all ages . 
   trying to instigate rioting and throwing things at police it was the russian television that tried to show events that were n't really happening ...  but what 's insulting is that you , r/europe , supposedly full of educated europeans attuned to the notion of critical thinking , are buying it without any questions asked . 
  what what is pathetic is that you are living in a free country and you are so full of russian propaganda . 
   for instance , one such question might be : how come a national minority , that has n't made a single peep before or since the event wtf ... not a single peep before the event ?? 
  heck , they made a heck of a peep during the singing revolution . 
  before that they were comfortable . 
  before that they did n't exist . 
   got so riled up then ? 
  because they are influenced by russian propaganda . 
   how many riots have you heard of occurring in the baltics before , or since ? 
  how is that even relevant ? 
   long-ignored minority you are just so full of yourself ... an obvious case of * tibla * . 
   all of the above comes inarticulately from a place of great pain in my heart i understand that the loss of your evil soviet world may hurt your heart if you are still full of russian propaganda . 
  i do feel for you . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
   but most russians in estonia are okay . 
  i 'd still say a minority are okay , but this is getting better with younger generations . 
   from russian speaking estonians just to inform you , there is no such concept . 
  what you mean is `` russians living in estonia '' . 
   who make up about 40 % of the population . 
  30 % russophone , 25 % russians , of whom not all were descendants of the soviet-era migrants . 
  indeed many people and russia always say it 's revisionism , while they forget that the common and simplistic understanding was designed by a totalitarian dictatorship with great interests in play . 
  because people usually are n't salty in situations when a dictatorship denies their crimes and gets away with it . 
  most of them were either deported to siberia by the soviets or killed by the nazis . 
  it 's most likely a very different social class of russians .
