   should our media simply call them africans , since they apparently have little to do with the usa i 'm sorry , but even if you are going berserk with this and actually claim that they have less to do with the us than the white population , the situation is incomparable with estonia , where the russian minority is very new and their being here is considered to have happened as a crime against international law as an assimilation policy during an illegal foreign occupation . 
   and they are not really descendants of the mayflower pilgrims ? 
  and what percentage of the us population is ? 
  most of the butthurt before ww2 was against germans you know . 
  but then the fire nation attacked ... 
  oh indeed , silly me . 
  wow ... 
  just a historical coincidence that the butthurt belt is the one that has experience with russian forces ... 
  they do n't . 
  it was a massive contribution , yet an equally evil one to nazi germany . 
  plus , the soviets wasted their men like cannon fodder . 
  plus one should not forget the massive us technical aid to the ussr . 
  the mentality of [ that moment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwmbvnsmsww ) was not that far off . 
  in defense , you can select similar pictures from most post-socialist countries ... 
  and used the word * seltsimehed * for other estonians ... 
   but the military did leave afterwards . 
  in 1993 from lithuania and 1994 from estonia and latvia ... 
  ah , the mythical '' [ white ship ] ( http://www.estonica.org/en/waiting_for_the_white_ship/ ) '', 
   i am sure the czechs appreciated the difference . 
  of course it did n't matter for the locals , but still - even from my anti-soviet view , the ussr can not be blamed for some german crime the ussr did n't previously agree to . 
  yet imagine a world where nazi germany and the ussr would have remained allies , together with fascist italy and japan . 
  i think the horrors of world war ii were even an easy way out ... 
  ethnicity and nationality are two different things . 
  if you lived in estonia , you would understand that it 's very much like two different societies here with relatively little interaction between them . 
  so even if we see `` an estonian '' committing a crime somewhere , it 's very much the `` not us , but them '' feeling . 
   unless you are suggesting that there are absolutely no thieves among ethnic estonians i am definitely not suggesting that and i assume the rate is higher than most of europe , but if non-estonians [ i.e. 
  mostly russians ] make up 1/3 of your country 's population , but make up about 60 % of your country 's prison population , then you get sort of a well-founded bias about the situation . 
  basically a small city state in a tourist riviera like monaco is `` even more forgotten by tourists '' , while in reality the country is like majority tourists at any time . 
  that 's a rather idiotic use of words , do n't you think ? 
  i do not disagree that estonia is considered to be a baltic state by many as it 's a convenient oversimplification when one looks at a map and when one only knows the fact that all three were occupied by the ussr . 
  i do think it 's an oversimplification and simply factually incorrect when somebody calls estonians balts , but i do n't want to lose my sanity arguing with everyone calling estonia a baltic sate . 
  at times and in a certain context ( defense , singing revolution ) i use it myself . 
  i do n't justify any collaborators , who collaborated willingly . 
  i do think that most of both pro-soviet and pro-nazi soldiers/auxiliaries did not do it willingly as they were mostly conscripts , who were ordered to commit crimes in the name of an occupying foreign power . 
  the only difference here is that for estonians and in the context of estonia in world war ii , after the horrible year of soviet occupation , which happened before any nazi occupation - the soviets were worse than the nazis . 
  this does n't say anything good about the nazis , yet it portrays how badly estonians really thought of the soviets . 
  if the annexation was illegal , then the occupation status would simply never end . 
  note that this would n't have been the case hundreds of years ago as conquest was a legal way of politics , but as war as a political tool had been banned for long before the ussr invaded estonia , then it would have forever been considered an illegal occupation . 
  and by what subjective standards of yours am i misusing the word ? 
  i am using it in the context of international law , which i have studied and gotten a degree in law , so i do know what i 'm talking about . 
  even i have one roll at home . 
  have n't used it yet though , i am too afraid of an unexpected invasion . 
  international political narrative and the narrative of the academia . 
  yeah , nothing to do with the real definition of the word . 
  it 's still weird and incorrect . 
  not that anyone in estonia would see a negative connotation with the word , it just does n't apply to estonians and it 's weird to see people label us like that . 
  they considered the soviets to be necessary allies as [ looking from the west ] , the nazis were a more imminent threat . 
  literal revisionism . 
  you use that word too easily . 
  illegal annexation counts for occupation . 
  narrative indeed , but not factual truth . 
  i have been there several times , why would n't i , i am a tallinner . 
  but i ca n't see why the same logic would n't apply to different occupations . 
   and yet it saved civilization from an even bigger evil . 
  perhaps , perhaps not . 
  we do n't know that and we never will . 
  but we do know that the soviet union occupied half of europe for close to 50 years , murdered , imprisoned and deported its peoples to siberia , destroyed their economies and almost led the world to a nuclear war . 
   next you 're gon na say churchill and roosevelt were soviet apologists as well . 
  why in seven hells would i say that ? 
  if a country is higher in the tourist ranking than its population ranking , then how is that country `` largely forgotten by tourists '' ? 
  true , except conscripting men from an occupied territory is a crime against international law . 
   unaccepptable by modern civilizational standards . 
  factual comparison is now unacceptable in the modern civilization ? 
   but yes , i suppose it 's nazi apologism if these countries do n't see their liberation to have been that . 
  that must have been sarcasm . 
   sacrifice and the biggest favour that country even did to humanity and europe . 
  of co-starting the war , invading innocent countries , collaborating with the nazis , murdering , imprisoning and deporting millions of innocent people to siberia , throwing their soldiers against german forces with horrible tactics and letting their own men die like cannon fodder , and then occupying half of europe for close to 50 years and almost leading the world into a nuclear war ?? 
  a great sacrifice indeed ... 
   instead of remembering estonians who fought for the red army most of them were conscripts , who did n't choose the red army and many died in labor battalions as estonian units were not trusted by the soviets - plus many defected to either finland or over the german line . 
  there really is no pro-soviet stance among estonians whatsoever . 
  estonians are not balts , mind that !, 
  there 's a bit of a difference in causing the soviet havoc yourself and getting in the middle of a fight between two totalitarian dictatorships . 
  first of all , you are forgetting that most estonian soldiers in the ss were conscripts , who did n't have the choice of fighting or not . 
  and you really sound like a stalinist apologist here ... 
  german coins about them liberating tallinn , riga and vilnius would technically be just as correct ... 
  how is replacing one hostile occupation with another a liberation ? 
  did the nazis liberate estonia in 1941 then ? 
   fascism killed people on racial grounds , it was institutionalized racism . 
  communism did not . 
  is it that hard to understand ? 
  why is killing people on racist grounds worse than killing people on social and ethnic grounds ??? 
   thats why the swastika is banned , while the hammer and sickle is not in most countries swastika is banned because it was banned right after the war . 
  the hammer and sickle were symbols of a technical ally and an existing sovereign state for a long time . 
  plus , in many countries there is a widespread lack of knowledge about communist crimes , that 's why these symbols are not banned . 
   playing genocide olympics is pointless fair enough and for me it does n't matter if a regime murdered 20 or 50 million people , at some point from hundreds of thousands we can classify any such regime as an enemy of humanity , but if there are still people arguing that fascism was the sole worst thing in the world , then for me , my ancestors and my countrymen , who died among millions under the soviet regime , such an understanding is purely insulting and i will fight against this widespread misconception at any cost !, 
  wow ... 
  so anyone stating facts whereby another regime was even worse than the nazi regime , is suddenly `` nazi apologism '' and `` historical revisionism '' ?? 
  i said nothing good of the nazi regime , nor denied the amount of people the regime murdered . 
  it seems that it 's you , who lacks knowledge about communism and the soviet union ... and in this case ** historical revisionism is needed ** as communist crimes were hidden and whitewashed away for decades . 
   and i suspect that this behaviour comes from older beefs in the region and/or willingness to fight alongside germans germans were seen as the `` historical enemy '' of estonians for close to 700 years . 
  it even lasted during the estonian war of independence , where most of the war was fought against russian bolsheviks , but a side campaign was fought against local and real german forces in latvia and the victory over the germans later became the estonian victory day . 
  that more or less all changed in 1940-1941 thanks to the soviet occupation . 
  in one horrible year people started to hate the russian regime more than the regime that held estonians as serfs , who could n't even leave their villages for close to 600 years . 
   even if the soviets killed more people in estonia not just in estonia , but in the world and in europe as well . 
  now if they killed more people , then how come fascism is still the worst enemy of humanity ? 
   estonians were evidently more willing to fight as terrorist `` forest '' bands against soviet power even into the 50s , while not doing much against the german occupiers it was because although the german occupation was a totalitarian regime , estonians were not that much repressed per se and the memory of the horrible year of soviet occupation was still fresh in memory . 
  for many , the german occupation really did seem like a liberation , or at least a change to a more liberal regime ... 
  the question you should be asking is not `` why did estonians think nazism was a more liberal regime '' , but `` what did the soviets do for estonians to think like that ? '', 
   luckily the mainstream sentiment in western europe is far from that . 
  that is slowly beginning to change and more and more people agree that communism was just as bad as fascism , if not worse .
