  ideology i just do n't get . 
  it 's not like every ideology is radical . 
   i am sure that majority actually gained socially . 
  were you in a pariah social status in your country ? 
   anyway - its all about you , there is not point in moving if you lose more than gain . 
  that is indeed true , i would win very little if i moved . 
  2x better wage is not something that is worth losing all my contacts and being away from my country and losing my national identity . 
  plus , may expats find the same to be true , but through the hard way , as they often return after leaving . 
  from latvia and lithuania , yes - the outflow has been massive . 
  from estonia , it 's not so simple then , as much of the emigration were russians leaving to russia right after the restoration of independence , plus most estonian expats have left for either finland or sweden where they have retained strong ties with estonia . 
  restoration of the estonian independence as well , so you might be mistaken if you base your guess on this map , 
  25th anniversary tomorrow !, 
  his grandfather , the first secretary of the estonian communist party , barely spoke estonian though and almost never gave speeches in estonian . 
  '' [ yestonian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yestonians ) '' ( * jeestlane * ) is what they used to call such people . 
  he was the key organizer of the russification policy of the time , he basically became the embodiment of the hatred against the soviet union in estonia . 
   for example . 
  ban on higher education in russian in public universities , despite professors and students know russian . 
  there is no ban , but public universities can still decide themselves in what language they want to provide their courses ...  same in all ex-republics ( all of which , more or less , accused russians in various crimes ) , except baltic states . 
  because they restored their states that had been illegally occupied . 
  simple as that . 
  definitely so , there have been many capitalist dictatorships as well . 
  however only very few cases where communists have ruled democratically . 
  the rhetoric analogy here was that the us works in california 's interests , not that the us = california . 
   the leaders of the russian empire had the interests of the russian people at heart . 
  til / s, 
  context . 
  context !, 
   the lithuanians are pretty much overrated . 
  if that singer has made statements supporting crimes or calling for violence then sure , ban the hell out of that singer . 
  estonia [ once canceled ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jul/21/estonia-pulls-plug-steven-seagal-over-praise-putin/ ) a steven seagal show because he praised putin . 
  investigators of 9/11 are getting killed off now ? 
  can someone confirm that this analysis included estonians , because otherwise it 's just ... [ wrong to claim ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/files/2011/02/ne_europe2-2.png ) the finns are different from europeans ... 
  none of these territories had viking settlement though . 
  in case of estonia this map is just incorrect . 
  well , a lot of the latvians and lithuanians have built homes in their new destination countries , while estonians often travel back to estonia every week and also find it easier to move back if they live in finland . 
   total migrant stock by origin, 
  it 's as if you accuse france of having an emigration problem after german soldiers left ... 
   what different situations in international law ? 
  it 's because french/english is/are cool , right ? 
  ah , the idiocy ... ca n't you see how much later the russian actions happened ? 
  the situation in international law was very different by then . 
   finland occupied by sweden , has swedish . 
  malta by england , has english . 
  debating adding italian . 
  phillipines by us , has english . 
  occupied not in the international law meaning of the word though . 
  the russian empire also did n't occupy estonia , but the soviet union did . 
   the little rocks in australia that are countries for some reason australia is one single country , you know ...  you have no legal basis to be required to offer them anything , you can refuse any service legally you can not refuse service based on ethnicity in my country . 
   and the person asking should be using official anyway in communication with officials and civil servants oh the naivety . 
   it 's only by good will they are n't browbeaten into estonian , is n't it ? 
  ...  by oppressing the new reality in estonia how are we oppressing the new reality again ? 
   but what other coloniser is constantly thrown shit regardless of whether the person accepts the misguided nature of the action itself and their past ? 
  well , others had their colonization periods mostly end in the 19th century ... 20th century colonization attempts have been criticized by the whole world . 
  plus france and the uk generally accept criticism about that period , russia does n't . 
   why is it fuck russians when you do n't know a single thing about any one person you are talking to enough to know if they even support the actions of the past ? 
  but who said `` fuck russians '' in the first place . 
  and we know that a large share of russians think like that , we know this from personal experience . 
   i 've met more british ( and unsure if it was joking or not ) talking about how sad they are the sun `` set '' on their empire . 
  i have n't met a single british person like that . 
   and india is not screaming at them oppressors well , some times they are , but you need to take into account the size difference here . 
  the british were never a threat to their existence . 
   or , maybe not , because they are n't europeans , and god how europeans make exceptionalist claims . 
  your claims , not mine . 
   they 'll sing a different tune . 
  you mean , scotland and ireland , who have seen much of their language destroyed ? 
  or new zealand , which is an immigrant british country itself ? 
  what tune will they sing ? 
   crimea chose to be with russia . 
  how do you know that ? 
   it may be illegal and period . 
   it may be illegal you do n't know that . 
  plus the indigenous population boycotted the referendum . 
   also , if the soviet union was so ` illegal ' then the transfer was illegal . 
  yet the lands stolen from estonia , latvia and finland are comfortably russian clay ... oh the hypocrisy . .  rightful russian clay , and it does n't matter what `` the international law '' says . 
  and here we have a perfect portrayal of your true nature . 
   uzbekistan was not an internationally recognised state ? 
  how so ? 
  when ? 
   what are my ancestors have to do with this ? 
  it 's your country . 
  i just do n't understand how you would want to leave it for such a cheap reason ...  well if country is unable to provide same wages and opportunities it surely needs me less . 
  how extremely short-sighted this understanding is ...  nope , its more like you are irrational . 
  irrational in the way love is irrational . 
  rational in the sense that i understand that me leaving does n't help my country and me working for a better wage in a foreign country would mean i lose a lot socially . 
   most are probably in some way descended of the minority who did given intermarriage . 
  but the large numbers of them came just decades ago . 
   the point is the separatist thing in russia is pretty much a non-issue outside of the north-caucasus . 
  as said , it 's idiotic to try a separatist movement in today 's russian dictatorship . 
  many of the nations have basically just given up and accepted russification ...  that i do n't base my ideas on right or wrong based on ethnicity . 
  wow ...  chechnya is much more stable than it was and beyond chechnya and dagestan there really is n't much of an issue . 
  ` sheer force ' is an absurd exagerration . 
  sheer force is an exaggeration ? 
  next to russia ?? 
   semi-apartheid . 
  i do n't know what else to call these glorious heimats were minority ethnic groups would hold all the political power . 
  all the political power ? 
  wow again ...  that the one had the legal right and the other did n't ? 
  so russia decided which nation is in federation of the ussr and which is part of russia and you are ok with it ? 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania all became independent illegally in 1918 . 
  do you think they should have stayed part of bolshevik russia even though they themselves did n't want it just because of some imperialist constitutional policy ??
