  frisians are indigenous people in the netherlands though . 
   but they are 30 % . 
  start doing something other than making devious plots to slowly reduce their numbers to 0 with hopeful `` integration '' that sees their own cultures fade out . 
  how is the russian culture fading out again ? 
  they have most of the services available in russian if they want to , though i 'd see it far less . 
  we just do n't want it as an official language as they came here illegally as a colonizing minority during an illegal foreign occupation . 
  i 'd like to see you defending the german language in formerly occupied france ... 
   who would then use it the perceived detriment of nearly the whole of the rest of the population , where it would be extremely likely to cause ethnic conflict . 
  that 's your problem . 
  you 're just making things up . 
   without that causing friction ? 
  should n't have come to that country then ... and i 'm not saying they should n't be citizens or change the laws , but basic constitutional decisions like independence , international cooperation or official language should not be the issue of the immigrant population . 
   you argue consistently for breakup of russia even though it ca n't be demographically justified because russians have imported their people into non-russian regions ... how is that for justice ? 
   that you support it practically all over the world . 
  old world realistically though . 
  take catalonia , scotland , tibet etc - i support all of their independence movements . 
   you would be causing it in this scenario . 
  wow ...  why your favored policies are impractical , would n't help anyone ( certainly not the people you 're trying to help ) seriously - take latvia , which had almost a russian majority . 
  do you really think they should n't have gotten independence if russians had become a majority through occupying the land and importing its people there ??? 
  the ones starting the conflict would have been the local russians or mother russia coming to their `` aid '' . 
   fine , then stop replying . 
  or maybe it 's biased ? 
   but i can praise an idea what silly idea is that ? 
   because newly formed state 3 restored states , 12 new states . 
   be forced to use it nobody is forcing them to use it . .  and russian not having any official status ? 
  the majority of estonian citizens quite definitely think otherwise . 
  see the [ results ] ( https://i0.wp.com/www.electoralgeography.com/new/en/wp-content/gallery/latvia2012r/2012-latvia-russian-language-referendum.png ) of a similar referendum in latvia . 
  but i guess a soviet-minded georgian knows better ...  what parts of the state do you consider criminal ? 
  it was formed by a dictatorship , which came to power illegally and its puppet dictatorships abroad . 
  it later illegally absorbed other sovereign states . 
   do you consider all of it bad ? 
  all of the state as an organization ? 
  yes . 
  all of what happened during that time ? 
  of course not . 
   that shows a nice little bias and slant against reality not really ...  what is bad to you ? 
  besides the occupation lol . 
  as if this was n't enough . 
  but i guess you can add repressions , destruction of independence , illegal russian immigration , theft of estonian territory , theft of personal property , countless unnecessary border zones , damaged nature , ruined economy , russification , horrible architecture , unnecessary levels of industrialization , collectivization of the agriculture etc etc etc. 
  have you ever come to think that younger people may be as or more educated than yourself , with a wide knowledge about history as studied today , not as indoctrinated into you decades ago ? 
  also young people have direct ancestors from these eras to teach them about their personal experiences . 
  i have bachelor 's degrees in law and political science and a master 's degree in law , with both emphasizing on international law and international relations . 
  now please show me which of my statements do you think are untrue and do n't generalize !, 
   nice ` selective picking ' of my words ...  what is wrong with being eastern european ? 
  i do n't know man , you seem to master that yourself ... 
   i 'm not arguing against self-determination as a concept oh no , just against every single case . 
   where we would fracture every large state everywhere why would we do that ? 
  another strawman ...  hundreds of new mini-states many would have quite big populations , bigger than in my country for example ...  ( which would somehow magically not cause ethnic conflict ) if you cause , it 's your crime . 
   sorry for being thorough . 
  i 'm working on my one-liners . 
  be thorough , just do n't bring in dozens of new issues when arguing against one argument . 
  it 's a common logical fallacy . 
  remember we are not creating long reports here , there 's no way anyone would find a lengthy comment of a random stranger that interesting to continue for a while . 
   relative peace on the world scale ? 
  peace in europe ? 
  what absurd statements . 
  no , all you listed were relatively small regional conflicts , which were nothing compared to the soviet threat . 
   aggression in the middle east you mean one war ? 
   or the revolutions in africa . 
  as compared to the decades of soviet-organized civil wars in many african states ? 
   that it was a time of peace yes , because single wars rule out general peace ... 
   same phrase three times . 
  still just as hollow . 
  your claim about me , indeed . 
   point being ? 
   one part possibly organizing an ethnic conflict does n't strip the other part from their rights . 
   i 'm pointing out that any real-life application of your scenario would in practice invite ethnic conflict so consider this . 
  `` real life application of a law , which takes stolen property away from thieves and gives it back to their original owners , in practice invites violence . '', 
  - now i 'm not saying it applies to this situation 100 % , but it shows you that threatening with violence is preferable to one part , yet it does n't mean they should get their way . 
   probably consistently create dysfunctional societies and states . 
  and you do n't think such cases are already dysfunctional ? 
  i would n't be surprised if we continued participating separately even if we were . 
  the lack of self awareness ? 
  and critical thinking ? 
  i mean , i get that you are referring to possible results , but you generalize way way too much . 
  plus a similar argument can be construed about wanting independence and the need to cast all such thoughts aside as the other side may fire one bullet towards you . 
   really though , when not continuing a conversation it generally suffices to actually not continue with that conversation instead of announcing the intention three times over . 
  generally , but : 1 ) your answers are way too long to keep answering them interesting . 
  2 ) you insult me with your generalizations and stating that i want ethnic cleansing to happen ... 
   i 've accused you of harboring anti-russian sentiment again , your claims , not mine . 
   i 've accused you of a lack of critical thinking and a lack of self-awareness . 
  wow ...  i 've simply laid out the argument that scenarios of ethnic minority rule like the one you 're proposing often end up with ethnic conflict in real life and your calling for them seems to be largely based on animosity towards a certain ethnicity . 
  one part possibly organizing an ethnic conflict does n't strip the other part from their rights ... 
  that 's different from wanting ethnic cleansing ... 
  as said , i wo n't continue a conversation with a person , who intentionally plays a false racism card . 
  it 's not even reductio ad hitlerum , it 's just blatant intentionally falsely played racism card from the beginning . 
   tiresome negotiations and perceived political `` disunity '' that marks democratic systems . 
  that [ to a degree ] stops them from making bad decisions , you know . . 
  rather local youth , whose life is characterized by going to the beach and clubs , where they are aggressive against outsiders ... plus they listen to dnb and other similar techno music . 
  that 's the stereotype at least . 
  it 's our mild version of jersey shore . 
  i do n't know what falling apart you refer to , but i do n't like to be falsely accused of calling for ethnic cleansing . 
  actually , i think it 's an overrated summer vacation town with an aggressive swag culture ... 
  come to think of it , i am terribly biased against p\u00e4rnu in southwestern estonia . 
   if the issue would be one of starting an insanely risky ethnic conflict so that we as a minority could ethnically cleanse ok , i 've done answering to you . 
  in fact i feel sad because i never ever stated that i want to ethnically cleanse a population or something else like that , yet you continue to bring this up as it is my main point here . 
  plus , knowing this subreddit , it 's most likely me , who gets banned , even though it was you , who made the claims . 
  since when do georgians praise the soviet union ? 
  you hail the death of nazi germany as a good thing probably as well . 
  and it was n't really a death of the nation , just a death of a hostile imperialist dictatorship .
