  yes , because we usually do n't know this . 
  when i visit you , i 'll make sure to remind you that you live in an ex-nazi state lest you forget it . 
   but you do n't see the same level of hot-headed replies from my fellow dutchmen , or frenchmen , or germans . 
  perhaps smoking weed is not nearly as bad of a stereotype as being ignorantly reminded about the horrible soviet occupation every step of the way ? 
  you should have labeled sweden , norway and iceland as western europe . 
   were you making a lighthearted joke , pointing out unfortunate ignorance through sarcasm , or ... ? 
  all three , although it was mostly about violence inherent in the system !, 
  no , social attitudes are much quicker to change based on the system of government and its level of indoctrination . 
  it would be idiotic to claim that being homophobic is in the culture of post-socialist states ... social issues also tend to differ among the nation based on generations , urban-rural populations and wealth levels , while the culture is something that is common to all these groups . 
  there 's a good reason to add central europe as well to those 4 . 
  social attitudes , definitely , but not cultural differences , the thing that should actually have regions based on . 
  would you be ok with european regions being decided by the fact which countries were under nazi occupation and which were not ? 
  up until the 1970s ? 
  who got triggered ? 
  basically socialist countries run by communist and socialist parties trying to implement communism , which according to their theory , was never reached . 
  you do n't need to look into logic when we are talking about soviet or russian land grabs . 
  which is a generalization as well , considering the major ethno-linguistic , religious and historical borders that run between them . 
  yes , but the kind of maps i make fun of here divide long time capitalist countries based on cultural and geographical regions , but former socialist countries based on cold war era division . 
  there is the difference . 
  long time capitalist countries based on cultural and geographical regions and former socialist countries based on cold war era division . 
  ** this ** is the bias !, 
   although the meaning has been somewhat altered over the years here you go . 
  it 's not so off because to get the real picture , you do n't exactly need to move the categories to the other side of the continent . 
  just scratch some of northern , central and southern europe off from western europe and voila . 
  and baltic states * are * northern european . 
  yes , in this context it 's definitely fine . 
  but we are n't living during the cold war anymore . 
  finland can not into northern europe . 
  yeah , that 's exactly the kind of biased map i based this map on . 
  yeah , they are honorary southern europeans by now . 
  of course it did , but it does n't excuse ignorance . 
   i am american . 
  so you are an american brainwashed by russian media or its affiliated american media . 
   latin america begs to disagree about us-invasions / `` interventions '' : http://www.telesurtv.net/english/multimedia/us-invasions-in-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-20160725-0017.html# what have these to do with estonia , latvia and lithuania joining nato ??? 
  stop comparing incomparable situations !, 
   the us has awful relations with at least half of latin america , and the other half are cia-puppet regimes . 
  this was mostly during the cold war though when the democratic world needed to do anything to fight the soviets and the regimes and populist democratic governments that supported them . 
   these are geographical denominations , not cultural ones . 
  these are both . 
  and estonia is clearly northern europe , so grouping them with albania is just exceptionally unintelligent . 
  ok , but this is rather random , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't see any sources there and such borders match no borders i 've ever seen . 
   and that is estonian sources ? 
  these are facts . 
  this is a mere blog , but it mostly contains facts that you can not contest . 
   the baltics are too south to be north , too east to be center first of all this has a lot more to do with culture than geography . 
  and secondly estonia is more north than denmark and most of estonia 's population lives more north than most of sweden 's population . 
  and finland stretches more east than estonia . 
   a dictatorship implies rule by one person while russia 's more a oligarchy since the tzar became fertilizer . 
  an oligarchy is nowhere on the democracy-dictatorship scale though . 
  you can describe both democratic and undemocratic regimes with the word oligarchy , just like with gerontocracy etc. 
   the eu is pretty much a oligarchy perhaps mildly in some ways , but it 's still a democracy unlike russia . 
   because the common citizen has no choice in who 's running the show well yes they do , but one citizen is a small share of the overall votes . 
  this does n't mean it 's not a democracy . 
   the current ec president has a love of alcohol only second to a love of lies . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  what lies do you mean ? 
   by comparison putin at least gives a damn about some of his supposed voters ok you are clearly brainwashed . 
  are you actually denying these events happened or you really just do n't know about them ? 
  i do n't see how this has to do with anything that i said . 
  the choice of colour range is good ( perhaps the actual colours could have been better , but this is rather irrelevant ) . 
  often people choose too few or too many different colours . 
  you have quite many categories , while still having the colours in a logical order . 
  a gradual colour scheme would still work better . 
   you really do not understand what spaniard means ... where do you think that the name comes from genius ? 
  spain is the country born out of several peninsular countries , castille , aragon , navarre , leon , galicia , asturias ... catalonia was always part of that union and never was it 's own identity . 
  ok fine , i get the assertion that spaniards are not really an ethnic group after all , but a politically construed ethnos like soviets or brits . 
  which is fine , but this does n't mean that the actual ethnic groups have seized to exist . 
   catalonia was always part of that union and never was it 's own identity . 
  now this is just pure chauvinism . 
   sherlock , if you are ignorant of something try first to learnt of the topic at hand before spewing your propaganda . 
  which topic is that ? 
  i am aware of the unification process of spain . 
  but you do n't seem to be aware of the catalan identity . 
   it is an act of aggression from gb , france , germany , and above all the usa to expand nato to 369km from petersburg and 900km to moscow . 
  erm , no . 
  you do n't really understand international law and it is very apparent that you are brainwashed by your government-controlled media . 
   imagine if russia established a defensive agreement with canada and mexico and then established troops , fleets , etc. 
  there . 
  it is their right . 
  but the us is neither threatening its neighbors ( like russia ) , nor invading some of them ( like russia ) , nor does it have bad relations with them ( like russia ) . 
  so the analogy really is n't most suitable in this case . 
   because croatia is considered eastern when it comes to simple east/west divisions yes , but v4 is also eastern when it comes to cold war related east-west divisions and it is n't striped . 
   and you lot are more to the east than we are . 
  you mis-spelled north . 
  and finland and greece are just as east as we are . 
  of course , i do n't know about estonian and latvian history , being a local and all . 
  did you actually learn estonian and latvian history in college or where do you got your supreme knowledge about our region ? 
  plus , this does n't make you look like an educated person :  edit : wtf ? 
  wtf . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  i did n't say a single inaccurate thing nor pass a judgement . 
  idgaf what you think about what 's happening but this is what is happening . 
  like fucking obviously . 
  ejits . 
  apparently people from southern estonia and saaremaa are balts . 
  this has barely anything to do with wanting to be cool . 
  this has everything to do with wanting to be affiliated with the countries we have the most in common with culturally , linguistically and historically , and not wanting to be affiliated with the country that illegally occupied and oppressed us and that is still glorifying that era and its other crimes . 
  quite northwards . 
  i did n't argue against the conventional understanding .
