  yeah , that 's one way to do it . 
  it 's not like a country 's culture is a monolith that all derives from the same place . 
  estonia belongs to three strong cultural spheres : - finnic - nordic ( or just scandinavian-influenced , if you wish ) - baltic german and of course also some influences from russia and far fewer from poland and the baltic states . 
  i almost feel sorry for him . 
  he ran out of characters . 
  yes , but the problem here was with lets say scotland and england , which are both countries , but are neither foreign to another as they are both part of the same sovereign state . 
  i think i am rather knowledgeable about a lot of things . 
   americans are hated you are ? 
   need help from the horror that is living in the usa that 's the reason why you do n't qualify . 
  your claim is just ridiculous . 
   if you are not willing to stand your ground , do n't be surpised someone else will take over . 
  that would only be the case if a nato/eu member was attacked . 
   with the level of technology they could set up a nuclear weapon programme within one or two years . 
  perhaps it 's not the primary concern as we already have two nuclear countries as member states ? 
   and states follow international law , when it is convenient . 
  what about irak ? 
  because iraq was a totalitarian dictatorship that democratic countries wanted to take down . 
  `` certain '' countries of course vetoed and would have vetoed all such actions due to the need to keep allies . 
   but it is how the world works . 
  and the world works so that international law exists , it is being generally followed , yet breached by single cases . 
   when is ukraine going to take back crimea ? 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania restored their independence 51 years after initial occupation . 
   probably never , because they ca n't . 
  things change . 
   perhaps many states follow international law , but many of them do n't even try to enforce it . 
  what about the infamous `` red line '' against using wmds in syria ? 
  meh , do n't care . 
  because syria is a totalitarian dictatorship , alienated even by most arab nations ? 
   it is open for the taking . 
  yeah , your bike is also open for taking if you leave it unlocked . 
  it does n't mean anyone would agree that it should now belong to the thief . 
   where is the eu in all this ? 
  outside the conflict as ukraine is not a member of the eu ? 
   russia , a failed state russia is weak for its size and historical position , plus has many deep problems , but it 's hardly a failed state . 
   if the eu ca n't even stand up to a bunch of idiots with a gdp of about 10 % of the eu , what is their worth ? 
  the eu has n't been directly attacked . 
  `` forced labour '' . 
  this is necessary to protect your country ( if such an applicable threat exists , which does n't for spain , granted ) . 
   who thinks they 're entitled to slavery . 
  i 'm not even sure what this is supposed to mean . 
  yeah , and its usage is fine in certain contexts dealing with such issues , but not in other contexts . 
  impractical in what sense ? 
  does it stop someone from living there and contributing to the society ? 
  being nationless does n't strip you of any rights . 
  it 's the identity of the immigrant population , not the identity of the native americans ... 
  ah , still one of my favourite lines ever written :  after the uprising of the 17th of june [ 1953 ]  the secretary of the writers union  had leaflets distributed in the stalinallee  stating that the people  had forfeited the confidence of the government  and could win it back only  by redoubled efforts . 
   would it not be easier  in that case for the government  to dissolve the people  and elect another ? 
  ha , regional vocabulary battles ? 
  they are not indigenous people - they are recent immigrants , who got here through a crime against international law . 
   the right of self determination was made exclusively for colonial territories and regions where other basic rights are not respected . 
  lol , but this goes against all logic . 
   i 'm glad you know the 7,4 m catalans ' opinion to say what we want i did n't say that . 
  if you had read my comment thoroughly , then you would have understood that :  this said , i support them having the right to referendum - whatever they decide and whether they become independent , i really do n't care as i could see them both as an independent country and as a part of spain . 
   and you know as much well catalonia to say we 're a indigenous ethnic group from valencians . 
  did i say that ? 
  no , the term `` foreign '' relates to other sovereign states . 
  no , most likely not lithuania . 
   it would n't be hard to find a place with very few russians . 
  no , you 're basically saying that i should then move away from my country 's capital . 
   `` your own people '' . 
  why do you create a `` us vs them '' situation ? 
  because it exists . 
   and i learned , while growing up , that no matter where people are from , what language they speak , or what religion they subscribe to , it is pretty easy to become friends with them . 
  did they learn your language ? 
  did their ancestors repress your ancestors ? 
  do they praise hitler in home ? 
  if you turn the analogy to estonia , you would probably get different answers . 
   i just think it would be easier for you to admit that you have something against ee or being associated with ee oh , was this even under question ? 
   you 're an ex soviet country a formerly soviet-occupied country that is . 
   associated estonia with eastern europe because they did it in contexts where estonia is not eastern european . 
   if you do n't think their opinions are correct or you have your sources that prove you right , so be it . 
  as i 've done . 
   you 're also irritating the rest of people who live in eastern europe , trying to seem like you 're better than us . 
  now this is the same with the baltic countries , who get irritated when we say that we are not baltic . 
  i mean , it has never been about that , estonians do n't tend to regard themselves better from anyone in that sense . 
  and would you get irritated if portuguese people would clarify mistakes and say that they are not eastern european ? 
   geographically , romania is southeastern . 
  does anybody say southeastern when they refer to us ? 
  i also think that greece is southeastern , but it is universally agreed that it 's a southern country . 
  because greece does n't have that much common with what is generally thought to be eastern europe ? 
  same goes for estonia ... 
  all estonians are autistic by international standards , 
  and for me it 's the arrogance of scandinavians about their lack of knowledge about our country and how easily they forget history and get biased about their former friends . 
  i 'm pretty sure we have more knowledge about the nordic countries than you have on estonia . 
   and it did n't feel quite as the other nordic countries gosh , you visited a post-socialist economy and did n't feel like you were in a long time capitalist economy ? 
  who would have guessed . 
  travel around , read about our history , talk to our people , see our traditions - then you will understand that we are nordic . 
  in a way , but not quite . 
   no europeans except the ones on forums like these ever think about estonia . 
  which is understandable , yet in turn you should understand how easily biases arise in such a case . 
  i would n't say that happened much . 
  i am 26 , with a good education . 
  i call certain unintelligent and unpatriotic people `` shit '' if i want to . 
  these are not equal people in my book . 
   does n't law need a judge and an enforcer ? 
  no , law needs to be followed . 
  it is followed by most of the world and that most of the world considers russian actions criminal . 
   in what way are universal human rights universal in the sense that they are and the ones to breach the law have been both personally and nationally punished . 
   if there were no police and justice system to keep people in check , why would even normal citizens follow the law ? 
  because most do and you can get in trouble if you do n't .
