  yeah , without the soviet occupation every street would still look like it did in 1940 . 
   if he 's an estonian an ethnic estonian !, 
   and what 's wrong if he is slav and proud of it ? 
  yeah , `` if '' is really the key word here . 
  well , even if so , then it was u/apfsds-t , who changed the talk of estonians as an ethnic group to estonians as a national group . 
  well he was born in sweden . 
  ^ just ^ saying, 
   nuclear weaposn are fundamentally an offensive weapon . 
  can you not see how polish nukes might look like a threat to national security from moscow ? 
  that 's idiotic . 
  many weapons can only be used in an offensive manner , all kinds of artillery for example . 
  thing is that people think nuclear weapons are some sort of special case , while it 's just a more effective weapon . 
  if poland is peaceful and has nuclear weapons then there is no reason to be afraid of . 
  if however russia has nukes or iran wants nukes , then that 's the problem . 
  weird , i 've heard very conflicting information about his heritage . 
  if he 's an estonian , then why is he playing a slav ? 
  how are they estonians then ? 
  no worries , plnd . 
  attack seems the most adequate reaction against a country , which has just obtained nuclear weapons in its defense . 
  how dare you say that ? 
  russia is not the soviet union anymore !, 
  this is not the cold war !, 
  russians are not like that today !, 
  it is not a philosophical question . 
  the first and primary concern is always your own safety , that is even taught in the army . 
  i do n't know , i 've never been to a war . 
  i 've served my conscription time in the army though and learned these procedures . 
  have you ? 
  a third of estonians are slavs ? 
  the what now ? 
   tommy cash ( nsfw ) , an estonian rapper . 
  as said in an interview , he is mixed ukrainian-kazakh-russian-estonian . 
  could be that he 's estonian only by birthplace , i do n't know for sure . 
  i 'm glad you did n't mean * eesti * . 
   there are those who seek to make out the ussr purely as a beacon of cultural beauty , industrious progress and might . 
  it 's deeply saddening how often we have to interact with people , who claim that `` we built you roads , apartments , factories , schools and kindergartens and you think badly of the soviet union . '', 
  because taking a wounded soldier to safety is not a standard procedure in any military ? 
  how is this a sinking ship again ? 
  you may call me silly , but i will call him an idiot for dissing on borders in general . 
  not all borders are national borders . 
  yeah , between cooperating democratic countries , we surely do n't need controlled borders . 
  but it 's still naive to claim that we do n't need [ controlled ] borders at all . . 
  borders  national borders . 
  and that 's exactly what they are between cooperating friendly states - just lines delineating responsibility of governance . 
  do you mean we do n't need a controlled border or that we do n't need a border ? 
  because i think we need borders between the smallest municipal units already - my municipality needs a border with the neighboring municipality , otherwise their territories of jurisprudence would be unclear . 
  if you are strictly talking about controlled borders , then just say so ... 
   so then borders are n't natural consequences of property , because no person holds `` ukraine '' as such , and they are n't a tool of governance either , because of course which state governs some region is fairly immaterial . 
  omfg ... 
   that 's surely the kind of border juncker is talking about . 
  he 's really concerned with two neighbours drawing a line through a field for property and governance purposes . 
  that must be the most honest interpretation . 
  then why claim generally that `` borders are the worst '' ? 
   sorry , but what `` us '' ? 
  for us it 's the eu , for south korea it is south korea , for north korea it is north korea . 
  what is so difficult to grasp here ? 
   + china you 've got to give some of them to japan . 
   + russia and some to germany . 
  borders are a naturally occurring thing . 
  they are theoretical lines meant to distinguish property and governance jurisdiction . 
  it is up to the governing state to decide what kind of purpose these borders serve . 
  democratic cooperating countries within the eu have borders as well , but they do n't have restrictions between them . 
  i find it odd that juncker would assume that border = controlled border , even though within his own political entity , the eu , most borders are open borders . 
  nobody seems to mind borders that serve only a purpose of distinguishing where different entities can govern the land ( i.e. 
  between france and germany ) . 
  yet in the same time people who claim that `` borders are bad '' , forget that there is a reason we have controlled borders with some states - because the neighboring entity may not be a friendly state to us , there might be illegal trafficking , there might be higher crime rates , there might be violence . 
  i honestly do n't get the people , who fail to understand such simple concepts as the meaning of borders ... 
  interesting . 
  it 's rather possible that finland for a long time had a lower population than estonia , right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the eu as a single entity would have won the most medals anyway , but surely with a far smaller number . 
  and who could forget the classic `` crimea river '' . 
  indeed , however one would ask , why were the relations with southwestern finland stronger than with just southern finland ? 
  because legally speaking , declaring the soviet rule to be illegal and void from the beginning is the same . 
  they just understood that claiming to restore full independence leads us to no better situation right away , even though lithuania and perhaps latvia may have done it , but the realities in these countries did n't much differ . 
  declarations and celebrating - i have no issue with . 
  reality however is another issue . 
  that 's not really a thing in estonia , it 's just that it 's the only word of latvian estonians usually know . 
  that indeed , i do n't mind anyone celebrating at whatever time seems suiting . 
  it 's when comparing the histories of these countries that one should n't stick to the 1990/1991/1991 line . 
  and with 1918 , the situations for the three countries were much different than they were in 1991 . 
  i always miss the bottom right corner . 
  serbia , bosnia and herzegovina , switzerland and norway in , finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , bulgaria and malta out ... 
  i 'm not sure this is within the allowed margin of error . 
  recognition does n't affect the true situation on the ground . 
  plus , the reality is that the soviet army was only used during the august coup . 
  of course secret service and all that existed , but equally in all three states , despite lithuania declaring full independence first . 
   and there was still discussion going on if you should declare that you 're pre-war estonia or a new country up untill the august coup yeah , because savisaar . 
   and lithuania just declared full independence without any transition . 
  again , declared , not achieved . 
  legal action in estonia and latvia was similar to lithuania - if they declared the soviet rule to have been illegal from the start , then that 's that . 
  it did n't change the situation on the ground however , but neither did lithuania 's full restoration of independence , it was just a nominal decision that angered moscow . 
  in reality however all three had been more or less managing their own business since 1988/1989 when they declared sovereignty from the soviet union and 1990 when soviet rule was declared illegal . 
  declared restoration = / = restored, 
  oh shit , we should name the address of our ministry of foreign affairs from iceland square 1 to moldova square 1 . 
  exactly , although * de facto * they were independent by the end of the august coup as the soviet union functionally ceased to exist . 
  but they did n't just support the nazis , they just supported them over the soviets . 
  you can not take the first part of that sentence out of that context . 
   there were parades of former soldiers of nazi armies in some of baltic republic capitals . 
  still are !, 
  because they are not seen as nazi soldiers , they are seen as soldiers protecting these countries from soviet invasion .
