  5,500 m lowest : u/irishflukey : dead sea : \u2212 430.5 m, 
   i 've never been further north than my own country . 
  guess i 'm not particularly fond of low temperatures . 
  i 've never been further east than my own country . 
  guess i 'm not particularly fond of ... the things that are in our east . 
  north : somewhere around jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 , finland - 62 \u00b0 15 'n south : toledo , spain - 39 \u00b0 52 'n difference : 22 \u00b0 23 ' east : narva , estonia - 28 \u00b0 12 ' e west : toledo , spain - 4 \u00b0 02 ' e difference : 24 \u00b0 10 ' highest : northern andorra , en route to france - ca . 
  2,415 m lowest : atlantic ocean ( in ten countries ) - 0 m, 
   estonia - 11 days volunteering where did you volunteer ? 
   and arrives in helsinki helsinki can into sweden !, 
   how long does a ferry ride to stockholm last ? 
  the ferries leave at 6 pm and arrive in stockholm at 10 am . 
  most if not all ferries go through marienhamn , \u00c5land islands , during the night and only arrive at 10 am to make the stay comfortable for the passengers , otherwise they would most likely not get to spend the night , but would still have to remain on the ferry for a relatively long time . 
   narva is old not much old left there besides the castle , the bastions , the town hall and a few churches . 
  what if you 're not integrated to the society ? 
  i would n't consider such a person european , just like i do n't consider most ethnic russians in estonia estonians , regardless whether they were born here or not . 
  nationally : it 's a legal concept , depending on your citizenship . 
  socially : if integrated , then of course . 
  if not , then of course not . 
  culturally : if assimilated , then of course . 
  if not , then most likely not . 
  ethnically : of course not . 
  wtf , how is that relevant ? 
  how come you are so utterly unintelligent about linguistics ? 
   good for estonians that they have the most unique language . 
  there is no such thing . 
   yes , that is the entire point . 
  then your whole point is deluded rambling . 
   i do n't know why you 're getting all upset . 
  because you are lacking intelligence on the very basic level . 
   if you randomly spoke to me in russian and then in finnish i 'd guess both times eastern european language . 
  if i spoke to you in xhosa , would you also think it 's an `` eastern european language '' ? 
   but it does n't sound different the way mandarin those . 
  ** yes , it does !!!, 
  **  you mean to tell me you think mandarin and arabic are related ? 
  wtf , of course not . 
   do you think russian and finnish are as different as mandarin and finnish ? 
  yes . 
  ( though of course finnish and russian share loan words , but that 's not what we are discussing here - few loan words do n't make utterly different languages sound alike ), 
  i 'm still waiting . 
  i imagine it 's a little different for russians . 
  1 - latvia , five or six weeks mostly over weekend trips , plus lived there for a week . 
  2 - finland , three weeks , twice for rally finland , several daily trips , plus lived there for two weeks . 
  3 - spain , three weeks , two vacations . 
  4 - france , two weeks , lived there for a week , plus several trips . 
  5 - czech republic , one week , one holiday . 
  6 - slovakia , one week , one holiday . 
  7 - poland , several days , mostly just passed by . 
  8 - belgium , several days , one trip . 
  9 - lithuania , a few days , mostly just passed by . 
  10 - switzerland , a few days , one trip . 
  visited 12 more countries . 
  estonian has loads of germanic loan words by the way , but that 's beyond the point here . 
  then slovene sounds like english to us . 
  please educate yourself somehow and stop with this stupid bias . 
  if the languages are not related , then they do n't sound similar !, 
  the phonetics are utterly different !, 
  does finnish sound similar to russian in your mind ? 
   i may not understand a single word but i know it 's east european for the most part . 
  oh my god , it 's like talking to a brick wall ...  but they sound distinct from geographically east european languages . 
  make sense ? 
  ** because they are related !!!, 
  ** estonian and russian are not !, 
  yes , but your bias still glows through here - how do you even know that i am eastern european ( even in the wider sense ) , when hearing my language , if you have no idea what language that is ? 
  english is more similar to russian than estonian is , that 's the point . 
  there is no such generic thing as eastern european languages , neither is estonia or its language eastern european ... 
  now which wikipedia article claims that there are 3 uralic languages in europe ? 
  also which wikipedia article claims the uralic-altaic link has been confirmed ? 
  i would like to see a reference for both of these stupid claims . 
  are you for real ? 
  you have made so many weird claims so far , most notably about uralic and altaic languages being related and there being only 3 uralic languages in europe . 
  please read through the corresponding articles on wikipedia and then feel ashamed a bit . 
  are you just trolling by now or are you really so unintelligent ? 
   my bad is actually called the ural-altaic group . 
  still not a thing . 
   wich one ? 
  name all the uralic languages on the european continent . 
  lol , do your own homework . 
  it 's like if i told you to name all the indo-european languages on the european continent . 
  there are dozens of them ... 
   turkic and uralic languages are related . 
  what do you then call the encompassing group ? 
  what do you call the indo-european-turkic languages ? 
  nothing . 
  because they are not related . 
   they are the closest uralic languages on this here continent . 
  erm , no . 
  there are many in between . 
  plus the fact that there are fewer languages in the uralic group does n't mean they are more similar to each other than the indo-european languages . 
   turco-uralic languages there 's no language family like that . 
  and i could also say that slovene and manx sound alike , but that would be stupid . 
  hungarian and the finnic languages are just as distant from each other though . 
   turkeys oh god , please do n't be that guy . 
  and estonian sounds as much like hungarian as slovene sounds like manx . 
  also estonians . 
  if it 's a random nationality due to some bias , then yes , a little . 
  estonian sounds nothing alike to russian or any other indo-european language for that matter , yet there are always people , who make stupid assumptions . 
  should [ a slice or an entire loaf of ] bread fall to the ground , you are supposed to give it a kiss . 
  yeah , that 's why we are making the unintegrated status as something socially lower by not interacting with these people in their language . 
  because estonians are pissed by how shitty the russian community is at integrating . 
  up to this day more estonians speak russian than russians speak estonian .
