   / u/mcakkeezz is n't responding to any one attack against russia nor have i seen him defending russia in general , he 's simply saying that us actions should be held up to the same kind of scrutiny that russian actions are . 
  and he is doing this under the topic `` france just called on russia to be investigated for war crimes in syria '' , which has nothing to do with the us . 
  this as clear example of whataboutism as something can be !, 
   yet what we 've been seeing over this last quarter century of us unilateralism and even moreso since the bush jr. . administration is that the us has a contempt for international law and oversight that is broadly similar to that of russia . 
  do you think the us was the only country to invade iraq ? 
  do you think it was the only country to occupy it ? 
  please , stop with this banter !, 
  it 's not like the us has many more of those breaches of international law , or at least they are n't comparable to the imperialistic russian ones . 
  as if whatabaotism is working ... 
   if one country can just freely break those rules it follows that their competitors have to do the exact same thing simply to stay competitive . 
  it 's not exactly like that . 
  the us has breached international law indeed , but often with huge international support . 
  plus all the us-led coups that every teenager is talking about happened during the cold war , when the soviet advance into the third world was an existential threat to the democratic world . 
  in the last two decades the us has entered wars both legally and illegally , yet edgy teenagers always lump all these wars together , portraying how little in fact they know about these things . 
  what russia and china are doing are not actions against harsh dictatorships - they themselves are dictatorships . 
  all they are doing is protect their puppet regimes or make illegal land grabs , which the us is not doing . 
  bringing this up under a discussion about russia 's breach of international law is whataboutism . 
  because i ca n't see in which universe it 's ironic . 
  because they like to point fingers , know little of international law and would much rather support a totalitarian dictatorship cracking down on an opposition movement . 
  it 's not ironic . 
  france 's breaches of international law are dubious and relatively small , while russia 's are quite open and definite facts . 
  just do n't compare france 's actions with russia 's , you 'll only make a fool out of yourself . 
  have they ? 
   that it is ok to do the crime if someone else possibly does it too it goes further than that - `` it 's ok to do a if someone else is possibly doing b '' . 
  so you 're [ the guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) this time . 
  and if it goes wrong , we could just secede from the world !, 
  yeah i still do n't think that much would change , 
  very interwar . 
  the . 
  same ? 
  it 's you who have our friendship ties linked to us being baltic , not us . 
  what if i told you that there are several sovereign states with the same anthem , like liechtenstein and the united kingdom for example . 
  and not only !, 
  the livonians heard it and adopted the same tune as well , 
  but we already have 30 % immigrants in our country ... why should that not be taken into consideration ? 
   so you admit that it is just about not being associated with other ~ ~ eastern europeans / ~ ~ russians . ~ considering their history with us , of course . 
  it 's also because of the cultural differences between estonia and the traditional eastern european countries as estonia shares very little history and culture with countries south of latvia . 
   how ironic when a third of the estonian population is russian very recent immigrants forced upon us by an illegal foreign occupation . 
   russia is both more to the north and east or estonia but by far not most of russian population . 
   but its primary characteristic is that it is eastern european . 
  how ironic is that you claim to be knowledgeable , yet have a clear cold war era bias and have clearly no idea what estonia is like . 
   and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  yes there is if it 's factually incorrect , if it shares relatively little with the common definition of eastern europe . 
  you quite clearly have a bias here . 
   just ask anyone who does n't leave in eastern europe and they will tell you that . 
  i do n't think it 's that simplistic . 
  plus it seems that people not knowledgeable on the subject are prone to have a clear cold war era bias against post-socialist countries and therefore label them all eastern europe as if being forcibly socialist replaced their entire culture or something . 
  there is no reason to call estonia eastern europe as it 's one of the most northernmost countries in the world with most of the country being more north than most of denmark . 
   why do you hate your fellow eastern europeans so much well first of all , the former repressors , the russians are eastern europe and we do n't want to be affiliated with them . 
  plus , we have culturally and historically far more in common with northern europe ... 
  it 's just your bias that stands in the way here . 
  well , the nordic cross sort of originates in estonia , according to the most common legend . 
  plus , we basically [ share coat of arms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_estonia ) , which is also used by [ our capital ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_tallinn ) , whose [ lesser coat of arms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_tallinn#/media/file:coat_of_arms_of_tallinn_\\ ( small \\ ) . svg ) and the coat of arms of [ harju county ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harju_county ) all derive from denmark . 
  and we share our anthem with finland , so ... :d, 
  there 's still central europe there ... and is finland eastern europe ? 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_of_states )  one of this federation 's constituent republics , the russian federation has declared itself to be `` the continuator state of the ussr '' on the grounds that it contained 51 % of the population of the ussr and 77 % of its territory . 
  in consequence , russia agreed that it would acquire the ussr 's seat as a permanent member of the united nations security council . 
  this was also accepted by the rest of the former states of the ussr, 
  well , you won the war , therefore no judicial body , but your actions were as illegal and horrible as those of the nazis . 
  know anything of state succession ? 
  these are their crimes , russia is the sole legal successor of the soviet union and not only do they often deny their involvement , they glorify some of them . 
  what is a fair share of refugees for you ? 
  i 'm sure it is , russia just keeps denying it like all of their crimes . . 
  stalin and his red army were as much criminals as hitler and the nazis . 
  there is a little , but this is not the point . 
  it 's a clarification - a country being too big of a unit to describe where you are from . 
  plus , northern estonia is pretty much tied to tallinn and lives a little different life than the rest of estonia . 
  yet nobody claims that they are eastern europe , but some fools seem to claim that estonia is ... 
  should n't have proven him right then ... 
   the shit their leaders did during and after the war and before ... 
  lol . 
  so you know about the political organization of the eu , but seem to know basically nothing about countries east of you . 
  and the fact that they lie east of you does not make all of them eastern europe . 
   ussr soviet russia that is . 
  the ussr was established later . 
  and only in 1920 when they had lost the local wars of independence . 
  the white movement never recognized their independence . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the white movement 's mistake was that they refused to recognize the independent states , who in turn then did n't much cooperate with the white movement and only fought the bolsheviks to secure their own borders . 
  i really do n't think anyone would say sweden is not a nordic country should its economy be in a worse state . 
  considering that russia is a hostile imperialist dictatorship that is threatening its neighbors , what is wrong with nato troops on nato soil next to russia , especially if there are far fewer nato troops than russian troops in the region ... 
   and only had some vague knowledge of stalin ah , i 'm sure that for that , stalin would have deported them to ... another part of siberia !, 
  if white movement had recognized the independence of new states , they could have probably won the war . 
  yeah , when you are really from russia , then nobody has anything against you speaking russian . 
  it 's the local russians , who refuse to learn estonian , that we have a problem with . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xgjm_scxee ) 's a funny clip about it , 
  it 's not like there 's some difficult math behind this ... 
  over what ? 
  i wish for a time when random editors could fix such mistakes . 
  i just wish we had the technology , 
  uses the pre 1917 border between estonia and latvia for some reason . 
  what a classic argument . 
  `` i am a local , so only i know what are the main issues with muslim immigrants in one of the biggest countries in europe ... '', 
   simply portrays being unnecessary butthurt over being in eastern europe and you blame me for that ... what is funny is that you ca n't even see how ridiculous your argument was . 
  i definitely do n't think like that , but i am saying that germany is too naive in its social policies and their favouring of muslim immigration . 
  the problems might not be there yet , but just by looking at the demographics , they will be in a matter of decades . 
  to lithuania ? 
  yes . 
  to estonia ? 
  depends on the subject .
