  they were born in europe and grew up ** in your culture ** . 
  is n't that the definition of european ? 
  it would be true , but i marked the place where you made a mistake . 
  - croatia - foroe islands - norway all for their coastal scenery . 
   ` murican . 
  rather unnecessary here , it was an honest question , asked from an unknowing perspective . 
  while most of europe uses the euro , do n't you think this would have been the more logical to have converted into that currency ? 
  dude we 've got enough real problems with russia , ai n't nobody here gon na worry about germany any time soon ... 
  the question is rather : how did they remain into existence ? 
   us has lost its legitimacy and you are surprised that you are being downvoted ? 
  they came there at the time when international law did n't restrict it . 
  that 's sort of the end of the discussion . 
  average gross salary in tallinn is about 1,100 $ , although the average gross salary for legal workers ( non-lawyers , - judges etc ) in estonia is around 1,300 $ . 
  usd , seriously ? 
  i take a [ 20 minute bus ride ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/dir/pelguranna/estonia+puiestee,+tallinn/@59.4443005,24.7110387,5017m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x46929389e1fb322d:0x9482361d86d3fa95!2m2!1d24.6910595!2d59.4468424!1m5!1m1!1s0x4692949fd9f04bbd:0x21ab6ffedeef1494!2m2!1d24.7510581!2d59.4342352!3e3 ) to city center and back home every day . 
  which is quite peculiar . 
  to be forced out of your country for economic reasons . 
  wonder what would happen if an average family has many children , who can not all inherit enough property and they do n't have enough money to buy an apartment in the country . 
  do you mean the [ christian left ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_left#germany ) ? 
  with 20th century morals , yes . 
   but i was arguing that the majority of the russian people do n't see putin as a dictator . 
  thinking of your leader as a dictator is n't a precondition for your country being a dictatorship . 
  please do n't show off with such silly arguments . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't like unintelligent people and you are clearly one of them , at least in this issue . 
  of course it 's not the same . 
  the former is an authoritarian dictatorship , while the latter is a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  yet they are both dictatorships . 
  what country are you from ? 
  ( i am extremely skeptical about your claim ) plus , if russians `` want '' putin , an undemocratic leader , then it means the people are brainwashed and the support rate carries no legitimacy . 
   they sure know how to make a revolution the intelligent classes of the country were removed during the early soviet era . 
  do n't expect that much from russians anymore . 
   being elected and wanted by the population does n't make him a dictator . 
  sorry , but that 's the reality . 
  sorry , you are ignorant about the issue . 
  that 's not how political definitions work . 
  and how much does russia lose ? 
  our markets will shift , russia has far fewer options available for that . 
   you still have troops occupying germany . 
  lol . 
  is n't it too late for you to be up ? 
   illegally killing millions with no response . 
  iraq , afghanistan , libya , syria . 
  if you put these conflicts into one sentence like that , then it clearly shows that you know nothing about how international law works . 
  the radical-left in estonia is composed of russians , who most definitely are not pandering to muslims . 
  very few estonians are religious and the ones to speak out are mostly pseudo-christians , who include religion in their right-wing populist views to show off some conservative values . 
  most russians here are religious though . 
   is it a dictatorship if most people love him ? 
  you would make a great puppet in a dictatorship . 
  i have issues with both the radical left and the radical right . 
  i can see this in my country 's political parties as well : - the radical left wants to be friends with undemocratic and hostile russia and make russian an official language of the country ; - the radical right is homophobic , racist , pseudo-christian and populist nationalists . 
  and `` opposition '' parties . 
   it 's a federal semi-presidential constitutional republic where the president is elected ~ ~ by democratic means ~ ~ , as far as i know . 
  ftfy . 
  also a dictatorship . 
  are there people really that ignorant how dictatorships work ? 
  elected = / = democratically elected, 
  * current * leadership ? 
   ca n't even imagine the awful world we would be living in if either one were successful . 
  well , one sort of was , was n't he ? 
  i mean , by conquering half of europe . 
  that 's not a joke , that happened a lot !, 
  with the 25th echelon , sure !, 
   that is because stalin killed his own people , and we were kind of fine with that ... what about the people in countries in the eastern half of europe besides russia ? 
  indeed , but is n't there also this `` we know he did horrible things , but he made ussr `` great again '' , so it 's all good '' kind of sentiment ? 
  ruled only parts of estonia during the livonian war , but it was probably ivan the terrible . 
   but fair in what seven hells was he a fair ruler ? 
  it would have been fair if he had shot himself in his youth . 
  because sometimes there is a reason to stress it out . 
  if talking about societal matters or cultures , then estonian culture is the culture of ethnic estonians . 
  same goes with the society - it is strongly divided with relatively little interaction with ethnic russians . 
  to talk of this as a single ethnicity would be just incorrect . 
  estonians = ethnic estonians . 
  in 2013 , if you add together the number of people from the aforementioned groups , then there were a total of 444 . 
  i doubt there are many stereotypes of these immigrants . 
  i know of one assimilated half-korean , half-russian guy , but that 's about it . 
   and less evil than the us . 
  i do n't want to cast stones , but ... no really , i just want to cast stones at you !, 
   50 % approval rate in russia because russians are a brainwashed ethnic group . 
   badass , handsome , poet . 
  big mustasche . 
  so was hitler perhaps ? 
  change `` poet '' with `` artist '' . 
   nazi killer wwii winner . 
  if that 's your criteria , then you are a sick person . 
  it 's the same if someone excused hitler because he murdered soviets . 
   `` capable war leader '' was he though ? 
  he did n't even think through that his murder of higher army officers would almost lose him the war . 
  he was far more of a butcher than capable in anything . 
  if you truly say any good words about him , most estonians would just cast you off from their social group . 
  that 's what happens if you are personally responsible for killing someone 's ancestors , whom your grandparents still personally remember . 
  oh , sure , i did misunderstand a little . 
  your `` skill of sarcasm '' is to call me `` extremely nationalistic '' and refer to me believing in the aryan theories ? 
  wow ... that truly is a new level . 
   i think they were romanians . 
  have you learned nothing ? 
  absent among ethnic estonians . 
   the usa is illegitimate wow ... 
  besides tallinn itself it is most likely p\u00e4rnu in southwestern estonia . 
  it is a popular summer resort , our `` summer capital '' even and especially many finns own property there , not to mention richer estonians themselves . 
  but outside the summer season it is a boring little town , so it loses its appeal quite quickly and few non-locals visit it in the winter .
