  kievan rus ' attacked us through its territories in novgorod and pskov . 
  do you actually claim that lithuanians have a long history of warfare with russians and estonians and latvians do n't ? 
  like what the heck , dude ? 
  is this really what they teach you at schools in lithuania ? 
  that island was never yours :d and we are not snub i think . 
  and it 's you , who have a problem with us being nordic , so it 's really your own problem . 
  they would be if germany was still glorifying this era . 
  wait , no i did n't mean estonians and latvians have much `` bad blood '' . 
  [ are you for real ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_estonia ), 
  lol , like estonians and latvians have n't had `` bad blood '' with them even longer than the 14th century ... 
  literally not a question of choice , but self dignity . 
  yes , steal from the ones , who have problems with their lives !, 
  oh , that was so true for estonian and latvian as well . 
  and that 's even weirder . 
  so is every estonian and latvian ( do n't think you are special here ) . 
  always will , there will never be normal relations with russia without a public condemnation and a personal apology . 
  literally , never !, 
  the government has no power to appoint or dismiss its leaders . 
  nor is it required to report to the government . 
  and no , it 's not like everyone can walk into its leadership either , its higher workers usually elect the new leaders . 
   russians used to shout at us when we spoke estonian . 
  yeah , the `` speak human '' saying . 
   average latvian ( me included ) could more or less safely be called rusophobe i was almost banned from / r/europe for saying the same about me as an average estonian . 
  they themselves . 
  really , no ... 
   keep apologizing you could do it just once , you know ... 
  the original arbitrary condemnation is not a personal apology . 
  how many remember nazi germany ? 
   ansip government was about to fall , not because of support of parties , but because of citizen dissent . 
  not really ...  how very democratic of them . 
  so what if they do n't . 
  they perhaps do n't have the full information before the bill is actually introduced to them . 
  why would they make a stance before , like those typical internet conspiracy theorists ? 
   democracy assumes direct voting . 
  no ...  representative democracy is an oxymoron . 
  how quaint . 
  are you the same guy from once before ? 
  indeed , i did n't claim the tune can not be good , however i will forever remind people of its past for personal reasons . 
  well , there are some issues that should not be decided by the majority vote , like : - issues relating to the rights of certain ethnic , religious and sexual minorities ( constitutional ban on same sex marriage ) ; - less important issues , where most people do n't have a clear stance , nor much interest in coming to vote ( like the dutch ukraine-eu association treaty ) ;, 
  barely . 
  most parties do n't even make a clear statement on these treaty proposals before their final vote . 
  plenty of reasons for that ... 
  but i guess the serbs will never learn . 
  wait , no ... gorbachev came to power as undemocratically as khrushchev or stalin . 
  however he was elected president of the ussr democratically . 
  juncker was indeed elected democratically . 
  there were n't many real options at estonian eu elections to vote for a party that did n't support him . 
  because again , the sole reason for the rise of the far right is mainstream parties ' idiotic immigration policy . 
  it 's the mainstream parties that need to change their immigration policy and then democracy would work fine again . 
  yeah , try singing * die fahne hoch * , which is a great song , without being reminded of its past . 
  if they ca n't teach their people themselves of how repressive and criminal their past is , then we have to . 
  to criminalize ... one thing . 
  but to actually readopt it as a national anthem of the `` democratic '' russia ... that shows a lot . 
   there can be only one excuse for idiotic ideas - that of the will of the majority of citizenry . 
  that 's my point !, 
  the citizenry is not supporting those ideas , they are supporting the parties that are against immigration , which is supported by the parties , which have in other aspects more in common with the majority of the people . 
  these are just some failed or soon to be failed treaty proposals of the institutions - they were not major issues , which were supported by almost all mainstream parties . 
  agreed , but  simulatenously excuses the otherwise strange ideas of fringe anti-immigration parties definitely not . 
  there is no excuse for idiotic ideas . 
  neither in estonia , in legal speak at least . 
  how can so many people in the 21st century be communists ? 
  the sole mainstream parties ' policy to blame this on , is immigration ... 
  i think people otherwise are ok with mainstream political views , only that mass immigration of muslims is not considered `` mainstream '' by many . 
  do n't you have those lame flag on one side , beer company logo on the other side paper flags at sporting events that everybody dispose of after the games ? 
  kinda the anthem of one of the most repressive regimes in human history ... 
   temporary and we do n't really believe that now , do we ? 
   improve their own economic standing it 's called common market . 
  if western europeans can work in eastern european countries , then it should also be vice versa . 
  and we can safely consider that type of immigration to be rather temporary . 
  well , liberalism = / = left wing actually . 
  ( foreign ) national interests -  ( indigenous ) national self-determination ? 
  why would you use direct democracy ? 
  in most issues , it 's plain idiotic !, 
  no , i do n't get the anti- `` eastern european '' , but pro-muslim immigration ... 
  yeah , `` too liberal '' in only this context - people might agree on liberal politics on other issues , but not on immigration . 
  why they support muslim immigration , but oppose `` eastern european '' immigration . 
  yeah , 200 perhaps , but what was my point was that it was only on father 's side and the mother was a `` full '' estonian . 
  yeah , but why support random muslim immigration , but oppose `` eastern european '' immigration ? 
  it often feels that it 's mostly because of far-right parties being supported more and more . 
  mainstream parties ( that are closer to people 's opinions in other issues ) are liberal enough on immigration issues that people quite easily opt for an anti-immigrant far-right party . 
   we 've had uproar in the uk over 100.000 's more migrants than predicted from eastern europe , yet people are ok with millions of poorly educated non eu people walking into countries and being handed welfare and offering nothing in terms of skills or integration . 
  that sentiment i will never understand , dear brits . 
  estonians ( though father was mixed ) from russia , who fled to estonia after the red army recaptured pskov in 1919 . 
  i thought only the father was of some dutch descent . 
   vdb is ethnically estonian yeah , but quite mixed on his father 's side . 
   russian/estonian a lot more complicated : father : mixed baltic german/dutch/estonian , born in russia -  moved to estonia . 
  mother : estonian , born in russia -  moved to estonia . 
  very common in estonia , for everything post 2000 , if not earlier . 
  am i really the first one to notice that latvia actually has 8 and lithuania 11 ? 
   understanding mainstream parties have a too liberal immigration policy . 
  as soon as that changes , the voters will again find common ground with mainstream parties , rather than with far-right parties . 
  as a lawyer with a keen writing hobby , it would most likely let me quit my full-time job and concentrate more on writing . 
  but it 's hard to say how it will affect everybody . 
  failure of the `` democratic opposition '' is the reason for the refugees on such a large scale . 
  the `` soviet bloc '' is sometimes used to mean the socialist bloc . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  sincerely , estonia !, 
  ever been to estonian forests ? 
  it 's not like eating bugs or drinking your own urine , but more like not getting lost , defending yourself against the cold , not getting wet , setting up a tent etc.
