   or maybe , just maybe it has something to do with the whole business on shifting the blame on russians and russians alone ? 
  who else then ? 
  though , if an estonian does n't drink coffee at all ( like me ) , and sometimes drinks tea , then `` his vote '' would go to the tea party ... 
  why so ? 
   and also yeah erdogan is a dictator , so he would ally with russia according to your logic . 
  well , it 's not like all dictators are best friends , they are often worse enemies due to conflicting ideologies . 
  and i really thought turkey and russia have horrible relations because they are natural competitors . 
  it would just strike me as odd if a turkish dictator was able to sway its people to forget past grievances with russia to face europe together for ... whatever reason . 
  well , in history estonia has always been wealthier due to better climate for agriculture , more important trade routes etc. 
  even for quite a long time estonia 's population was ahead of finland 's until the major wars ravaged estonia . 
  however i should n't even mention that of course this bigger wealth did n't much reach estonians , as it was in the hands of the baltic germans . 
   an example of democratic countries allying with undemocratic ones . 
  one thing is cooperation as allies , another is actually having one as a permanent coalition member . 
   who backed south korea back when it was a backwater dictatorship ? 
  you ca n't really bring out this analogy - it was done in order to keep the communists out , which were a far bigger threat during cold war . 
   turkey is not a dictatorship and even if it was a good democracy , which it is n't , democracies do n't owe obligation to other democracies . 
  did n't say that either . 
  however a union of democratic countries should not tolerate it when one of its members becomes a dictatorship . -  as if turkey was the one pushing this deal while it was not . 
  if you are talking about the new migrant-visa free travel deal , then i have to agree with you , eu 's policies are quite chaotic and weak . 
   turkey already does more than it is obliged . 
  agreed , although not controlling your territorial waters on your part is an intentional weakness . 
   by virtue they are free to leave turkey if they want to . 
  no , turkey has agreements with neighboring countries to respect the borders and turkey must on its part protect them also from threats coming form within their country . 
  i agree that integrated foreigners ( including russians ) with citizenship can vote . 
  they were illegals , as they or all of their ancestors came to estonia illegally . 
   so , all eu nationals can vote in municipal elections , so where are these illegals that votes ? 
  are you now saying eu nationals are illegal too ? 
  or pr holders ? 
  please explain how an illegal person can register and vote in these elections ? 
  you seem to have misinterpreted my comments ... slavery as in the standard concept has never during modern history been a thing in estonia . 
  however , almost all ethnic estonians were serfs , which was similar in essence . 
   so here is the question , are all actions carried out by the gov during the ussr occupation of estonian illegal ? 
  basically , yes , exactly like with nazi germany in many countries . 
  it does n't mean all of the actions were reversed ( as if that was possible ) , but they remained in force as long as they were n't reversed . 
  as estonia granted automatic citizenship only to estonian citizens by birth , they remained illegal immigrants . 
  their residence was `` legalized '' when estonia adopted laws to govern the lives of these `` stateless persons '' . 
  very few estonians have been tried , as not many particularly estonian-orchestrated crimes happened after stalin and all the initial collaborators are long dead . 
  some have been tried for participating in the deportations though , but in essence , the soviet occupation is seen as a russian crime , for which estonians are n't in general to be blamed . 
  like , marriage licenses are legal still , because they have little to do with any regime change . 
  however often when people bought property , it is now considered illegal , because the property was initially forcefully taken from its original owners . 
  that 's why after independence many people got their property back and the people , who had moved there in those close to 50 years , had to leave . 
  my grandfather and his sister also got two houses back , which belonged to their father , but remained empty as their entire family was sent to siberia in 1941/1949 and when some of them returned in 1954-1955 , new people were living in these houses and at first , they were n't even allowed back to their birth town . 
  immigration was not legal , especially considering it was a russification colonization policy and a crime according to international law ( sending people to occupied territories ) . 
  however birth certificates have little to do with politics , so they are considered legal of course . 
   remember , if you consider one action of these actions illegal , this sets a case ( in law ) that all actions carried out during that time is illegal . 
  and no , that 's not how law works in continental europe , we do n't work on case law , but on adopted law . 
  if you had any legal background , you 'd know it already . 
  did i claim there was one ? 
  i said he is moving towards a dictatorship . 
   i am not ok with dictatorships . 
  ca n't believe i was bothering arguing here ... 
  you are ok with dictatorships ? 
  wtf ... 
  who said turkey is unwanted in nato ? 
  is that really what you read from me ? 
  what i claimed is that turkey as a dictatorship should n't be in nato . 
  if you think that erdogan turning your country into a dictatorship is normal , then the problem lies within you . 
   europeans are making it clear that they do n't want to negotiate with turkey in the first place , because you are not european , you are a muslim country , with unstable politics and now an apparent dictatorship . 
  what the hell do you expect from the eu ? 
   how is the situation with savisaar ? 
  i guess he represents you since he is estonian like you are . 
  yes , because we have one party in estonia ... 
   it 's not up to you to decide that . 
  thankfully . 
  never claimed it was and i would n't say i would definitely make the same decision . 
  however it is my well reasoned opinion that we should n't be aligned with dictatorships . 
  [ garlic bread made of black bread ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/foodspotting-ec2/reviews/5613272/thumb_600.jpg?1445060671 ), 
  `` oh no , how could she ? 
  she was a popular actress !, 
  i thought only politicians and businessmen were bad people ... '' or something like that . 
  ah , no biggie , we 'll get the russians to replace them . 
  russians have a tendency to replace peoples anyway . 
   i have this feeling  because we ** feel **, 
  well , i can get that germans are a larger group of historically ( relatively ) distinct peoples , however it seems that other regional groups are identifying more as germans than regionals , or at least on par . 
  and it 's not just about understanding your dialect . 
  even in small estonia , i can not much understand the southeastern dialects , yet they still consider themselves estonians . 
  since when can conflicting south american countries be called real democracies ? 
  and what about erdogan ? 
  him becoming a dictator more and more every day is exactly what i meant . 
  no i literally do n't want to align my country with a fucking dictatorship . 
  how is that relevant to what i said ? 
  perhaps you 'd want to enforce some censorship on me ? 
  you guys seem to get hurt a lot by words lately . 
  any examples from recent history ? 
   you do n't understand that nato does not care for values , or wheter if the country is a dictatorship or not . 
  well , considering all its members thus far have been democratic ... and you are right that one can be allies with a dictatorship as well , out of necessity - that 's exactly the same that should be done with turkey , however you do n't deserve nato if you are becoming an oppressive dictatorship . 
   betray how so ? 
  if you become a dictatorship , which you almost already are , then you do n't share the same values with us . 
  aligning yourself with an imperialist dictatorship after that would only prove we were right ... 
  democratic countries do n't generally align themselves against other democratic countries ... 
  that 's why it seems you are a sickly nation . 
  i understand that very well , but what came as a surprise for me is them being so eager to ally themselves with russia ... 
  already too long and biased , did n't read ... 
   we would ally with russia faster than you can blink . 
  but why ? 
  and is this the kind of ally we would want in nato , who is so eager to ally itself with russia ? 
  and it really seems you are living in a dictatorship ... 
  i did n't say that . 
  not being in nato does not mean one should be enemies and could n't cooperate in other ways . 
  no i do n't need to call you anything , i know very well how similar those varieties or `` languages '' are .
