  in what class ? 
  i imagine people get bullied for a lot less in school . 
  it is a big problem , but has nothing to do with the russian minority in estonia . 
   where is kremlin propaganda here ? 
  you construing this to be an ethnic conflict . 
   if one supports putin , then he should also support macron , merkel , hillary clinton since putin is very similar to them in terms of nationalism and ethnic policy . 
  and here it is people . 
  that smelly smell . 
  i 've heard there are valleys that get filled with toxic gases and are therefore dangerous to visit . 
   you replied almost instantly but now you suddenly keep silence ? 
  jesus , it 's a work day ...  ` russian people are scum ' coming from an estonian is correct . 
  a good example of people blatantly disregarding context , apparently . 
  unintegrated and putin-loving people are scum . 
  i very much doubt that even the most vile nationalist would say this about integrated russians . 
  thing is that if say 80 % of russians are unintegrated putin-lovers , then the general name `` russians '' is going to take the blame and quite naturally , even if say 20 % are people of the same ethnic group , but they are also people , who we often do n't consider as part of * that * russian community in the first place . 
   tell me more - http://i.imgur.com/vwdvc7r.jpg that same language could be used against anyone honestly . 
  does n't sound very intelligent and i would n't be surprised to see similar reactions from such people for supporting gay rights etc. 
   thankfully , now most of them are happy taxpayers in developed countries far from estonia . 
  yes , thankfully . 
   i know a russian who got into estonian school and barely studied there for a year , he was so much happier when he got into russian school . 
  depression , sadness , everything disappeared . 
  so did integration and chances for a better future . 
   because studying in estonian school was extremely uncomfortable . 
  being part of an unintegrated lower class minority is better ? 
   estonian ubermenschen did n't want to study with tibla ; _ ; estonian ubermenschen ? 
  you do know that * tibla * is n't used for * every * russian , right ? 
  it is used for homo sovieticus type of russian or nowadays for pro-putin type people . 
  perhaps they were right , considering how much their friends ( i.e you ) believe into kremlin propaganda . 
   as an estonian nationalist you blindly defense your state but now you are lying !!!!, 
  last i checked russia was a nationalistic and lying dictatorship with a government-controlled media . 
  none of that could be said about estonia . 
   subhuman treatment there is literally no `` subhuman '' treatment from the estonian society . 
  whatever negative treatment there is , is not towards the entire russian population , but only towards the arrogant and unintegrated part of the russian minority . 
   they are less likely to think that the state is their enemy ( which makes stealing from it ok ) ah , the epic general stealing from the state during the soviet times . 
  people went home from restaurants with forks and spoons in their pockets . 
  people have cutlery sets in their summer cottages with restaurant names printed on them etc. 
  as long as the state was the soviet union - the general consensus was `` steal everything '' !, 
  see people ? 
  that 's the russian government instilled bullshit i 'm talking about . 
   american t.v. 
  with a bad voice actor translating what the character is saying . 
  really depends on [ where you live ] ( https://i.redd.it/jqxo9ibfw8ux.png ) . 
  i do n't know why it would be low-quality for subs though . 
   a bazaar news story or home video of something trashy happening in rural europe . 
  sometimes , i guess , but besides the heaps of american tv series and a bit older films , there are also many tv series from the uk and scandinavia and soap operas from latin america , turkey , germany , the us , and australia . 
  plus there are a lot of almost always shitty local comedy shows and rather good local investigative journalism and documentaries , especially on public tv channels . 
  well they have functioning homes and social groups here , which they would n't have in russia . 
  plus most of them very well understand that russia is a lot poorer and an undemocratic society . 
  a lot of them moved back in the early 90s , but since then it more or less stopped . 
  it 's not exactly difficult to emigrate , unless you are an estonian citizen . 
  russia at some point even offered to pay for their move , but it did n't catch on . . 
  un resolutions and human rights organizations criticism based on obviously russian-influenced incorrect claims is n't really unheard of . 
   likewise , what would happen if estonia eliminated or defunded these russian-language schools ? 
  probably a lot of criticism based on not so incorrect claims . 
   i 'm not sure about whether or not there would be backlash if these russian parents know the benefits of fully integrating their children into estonian society . . you may know the benefits , but your national superiority complexes would still stand in the way . 
  they were comfortable citizens of the great russian motherland and ended up in a small inferior state , where they are now a lower social class with few chances to succeed . 
  there are two chances in such situation : reform yourself or get bitter . 
  there is actually a very big growing division based on that among the russian minority . 
  there is indeed , but it certainly wo n't be solved in my lifetime . 
  it 's a very common activity as well . 
  vans or smaller trailer trucks are usually the norm , i 've never had anything delivered on a pickup truck actually . 
  those cities are very spread out , how and for what purpose did you visit all of them ? 
  : o you 'd have to be pretty fucking stupid for that though , do n't even know whether this has ever happened . 
  if you just drive through , 99.9 % - nothing will happen to you . 
   the road itself looks kind of creepy , like a generic horror movie road where something jumps out from the forest . 
  that 's a typical estonian forest road . 
  you can also do the 72 h cruise boat entrance to st petersburg from tallinn , helsinki and stockholm . 
  it 's called the [ saatse boot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saatse_boot ) , a video of passing through can be seen [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igjpn8v4o9e ) . 
  please do n't make this a new acronym for suicide . 
  a bit long , but hopefully it will suffice : what is there to do ? 
  you can not spread russians around the country , you can not force estonians to move to russian towns , you can not ban media , you can not stop people from voting for their favoured candidates . 
  you can make things better through education , but even with good education in history , most of them will not see things in the same way . 
  they might not support russia , but they still follow its news and are n't exactly fond of nato , whom they see as only escalating threat of conflict . 
  you can teach estonian better in school , but if they live in russian majority towns , then they will hardly have any practice in the language and will therefore have problems in education and are restricted from a lot of positions in the public sector . 
  and russian wo n't be made the second official language as estonians are so hostile about this issue that we would block out-vote any party that even suggested turning the language of illegal occupiers an official language . 
  russian as an official language will just never , ever happen in democratic estonia . 
  russian parents will often try very hard to put their children to estonian kindergartens and schools , which usually end up the child being fully integrated or even assimilated into the estonian society and de facto losing connections with the russian community . 
  but estonian kindergartens and schools do n't want to take more than 3-4 into one class as then russian groups would emerge and integration would n't happen . 
  the russian community is sort of divided on eliminating russian language schools as full estonian education would get them far better chances in life , but others and especially russia is strongly against that because of mah minority rights . 
  they therefore often remain a lower social class and will barely communicate with estonians , who more and more often will refuse to communicate in russian , the younger generations even en masse refusing to learn russian . 
  you can not force money into making their social status better either as estonians would block outvote any party with such promises because it 's not our business to pay for the wealth of people , who came here illegally during the illegal foreign occupation . 
  [ drove like 1.3 km through russia ] ( https://www.google.ee/maps/dir/57.9156659,27.7145638/57.9060556,27.72696/@57.9100134,27.7230252,3909m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!4m1!3e0 ) and back . 
  was quite ok , nothing special . 
  yeah we had a brazilian exchange student for one year in 10th grade , the guy did n't learn more than 10 words estonian . 
  speak the language . 
  if you master that well , the general stance towards you rises drastically . 
  i guess at least knowing about the culture is a good addition , but there are plenty of uneducated estonians , who do n't know enough themselves . 
   do you have any stories about foreigners who integrated successfully ? 
  lol yes , [ this black american basketball player ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eesti/comments/4xo6l2/korvpallitreener_howard_frier_pani_umbkeelse/ ) for example ( translation in the comments ) . 
  like 3/4 teams in the top league of any sport , except basketball maybe . 
  soviet occupation era russian immigrants not immigrating . 
  even in this sub , i very often get condescending comments about this issue , while it is quite apparent that these people really just do n't get it or the russian propaganda really has its effect foreigners ... ethnically upside down areas , difficulties in living in russian-majority towns , following russian government-controlled media , radically different interpretations of history , factually two separate societies , refusal to learn estonian , block voting , radically different statistics in almost any social field etc , etc , etc, 
  christianized yule ( christmas ) and [ midsummer ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?client=opera&amp;hs=sof&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=731&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;q=jaanip\u00e4ev&amp;oq=jaanip\u00e4ev&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3..0l2j0i10k1j0.11455.12154.0.12398.5.5.0.0.0.0.161.161.0j1.1.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..4.1.160.emzcpv7-9pu ) are the main ancient festivities still alive today . 
  of traditions and saying there is * igal oinal oma mihklip\u00e4ev * ( `` every ram will have its [ st michael 's day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michaelmas ) '' ) for a deserved ending to every `` arrogant prick '' , as estonians used to kill a sheep on that day . 
  already a better love story than twilight . 
  next song festival is on 6-7 july 2019 . 
   e.g if scotland held a unilateral vote on independence without the acceptance of westminster , the uk would block them from the un that would be an extremely dick move . 
   block their use of sterling , refuse to protect them militarily , etc. 
  these sound logical . 
  but i do n't get your logic here - why would a cornish person have the right to decide whether scotland should use its right to self determination or not ?
