  you said that you do n't use it in the summer because helsinki is colder , did n't you ? 
  the baltic assembly is a cooperation group between mps . 
  why would we say no to this cooperation ? 
  and should we be in the nordic council , what would be the objection to also remaining in the baltic assembly ? 
   estonians were known to me as `` cousins '' until i learned that they do n't want to be associated with us which i find a tad hypocritical since they still cooperate the closest with latvia and lithuania through various supranational institutions and formats jesus , it 's hypocritical to cooperate ? 
  this is a new level ... , 
   even reindependence was different . 
  people died in lithuania and latvia , in january 1991 . 
  this was n't the case in estonia . 
  well , you ca n't really use this as an argument . 
  :d latvian and lithuanian processes were just as peaceful , but they were attacked by omon units . 
  when the january events and the barricades happened , there were concrete blocks put in front of our government facilities as we waited for similar attacks . 
  well it 's different for latvians - you do indeed share quite a lot with both estonia and lithuania , but these are mostly different things that estonia and lithuania do n't share . 
   they are an ally with whom we share recent history with , share markets and projects in certain senses . 
  * but they are n't really family * pretty much this , i do n't understand why some people would feel insulted because of that or especially why someone would blame others of inferiority/superiority complexes because of that . 
  sure , but why do you pick recent ( and generally quicker to disappear ) similarities over older ( and more likely to stay ) differences ? 
   you seem to be operating on some sort of 19th century essentialist notions of inherent national character forged through milennia , while i believe the last 100 years of history and social conditions are the crucial basis of identity . 
  and you seem to believe that identity works the same way in every country . 
  that 's slightly more ridiculous . 
   even taking events of my own lifetime , i have a certain specific understanding with people who have lived through the shocking upset of the 90s , remnants of collectivist brainwashing , post-socialist mentality , east-west divide , and rapid economic growth with all its pitfalls , be they from estonia , russia ( except putinbots ) , romania , serbia , montenegro or israel . 
  sure , but in * these contexts * people use the group `` eastern europe '' anyway , because the shared socialist experience is common to all post-socialist nations . 
  i 'm not really sure how this is relevant here . 
   you can choose to ignore these unsavory , unromantic , dreary bits of history and sing romantic songs about your nordic protestant stone churches or whatever it is you do yeah , quite biased and passive-aggressive here ...  but i find it more honest to acknowledge the things we 've been through together that influenced society and the ways being a northeastern european country is different from other eastern european countries . 
  and nowhere have i disregarded them . 
   they 've experienced different things , they see things differently , their humor is different , even the border crossing with poland is a stark contrast compared to latvia and estonia . 
  in a way , sure . 
  but perhaps not all of our identity is based on the soviet occupation ? 
  well it 's all fine until you realize the poor finns also call it the eastern sea . 
  the british journalist [ abdul turay ] ( https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/abdul_turay ) is quite well known , he is also a member of the tallinn municipal council . 
  a good number of russian dissidents have moved to estonia and [ andrei kuzit\u0161kin ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?q=andrei+kuzit\u0161kin&amp;hl=et&amp;site=webhp&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewifznkp8pluahxmhjokhtgtcfkq_auicigb&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=731 ) writes very decent articles about russia in estonian newspapers . 
  the aruban singer [ dave benton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dave_benton ) remained in estonia after eurovision win and performs in public events from time to time . 
  the wikipedia weather charts in both cities ' articles actually suggest that helsinki is actually warmer than tallinn in the warmer half of the year . 
  we have to have a replacement to our general lack of belief - now we just believe in finland . 
  jesus fucking christ , read some basic article about [ balts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts ) - where does it claim they were as far as germany ? 
  sure , but why does it exist as a general grouping anyway , `` ffs '' ? 
  someone * just * asked this ... 
  that is indeed a no . 
  well for us baltic sea is western sea ( * l\u00e4\u00e4nemeri * ) anyway . 
  [ good find ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_culture_in_pomerania ) , it 's really just a synonym for western balts . 
   whats sure ? 
  ; some findings where interpreted in that meaning , and some even subsumed the holsten before they joined the growing meta-tribe `` saxons '' ; but that 's what i asked , do you have sources for that because that sure does go against the general understanding . 
  mp ministers get their seats back if they stop being ministers . 
  and i 'm not really arguing about the existence of the contemporary conventional grouping , nor against the need to actually group these three together sometimes , but against simplistic generalizations and simplifications resulted from a grouping , especially such which shares the name of a partly suiting ethno-linguistic group . 
  plus , i think although latvia and lithuania are the actual baltic nations , estonia and latvia have far more in common than either of them have with lithuania . 
  that 's the problem with every group of course . 
  world is n't as simple : - countries can belong to different groups simultaneously ; - countries belong to the same group to a varying degree ; - regions within the country might belong to different groups etc , etc , etc, 
  well , it 's rather gradual , is n't it ? 
  you ca n't compare central finland to central estonia and say that helsinki must be noticeably colder than tallinn . 
  the difference between lithuania to latvia , latvia to estonia , estonia to southern finland is about the same . 
  ok , but do you know for a fact that : - balts lived in pomerania ; or - balts lived in the modern german part of pomerania ? 
   we have slavic tribes in germany still existing well yes , i am aware of the sorbs , but western balts have been extinct for a long time and as much as we know , they never lived as far as modern germany . 
   it 's not like my grandfather , who only knows of the existance of the countries , woke up and said `` they shall be henceforth known as baltic countries '' . 
  erm , no , but you should check out some of my other comments , which explain why such simplifications have come to be . 
   the geopolitic regions are grouped by experienced experts lol . 
  this is everything but the actual case . 
  i do n't think a group of experts has ever even discussed the issue , let alone agree upon it . 
   you all broke off the ussr together , you all broke off the ussr together , you all joined the eu together , you all rely on nato to defend you from russia , you all joined the eurozone together , you 're all net receivers in the eu and using the said funds to recover from communism , these are all related to the first one . 
  if we got away at the same time , then we could develop and implement reforms almost just as fast . 
   your market sizes are very similar , you are detached from other regions : divided from the nordics by sea , russian sphere is on the east and poland is on the south , companies that opt out to start operating there typically start at all three countries and at the same time , eu projects tend to involve all three of you together ( baltic rail , anyone ? 
  ) , so to coordinate that you obviously need some sort of a council . 
  a `` baltic * council '' so you agree that it 's a simplification to name three similarly-sized neighboring countries . 
   all of those make enough sense to group you all in one sub-region , does n't it ? 
  here 's the kicker - yes . 
  there are many aspects where the three need to work together , for purely practical reasons at least . 
  however . 
  i do n't understand why someone would blame us of inferiority or superiority complexes if we bring out that we are not actually baltic even though we look similar on a map . 
  a general grouping like that creates illusions of a much wider similarity than there actually is , especially if the group is named the same way two of the ethno-linguistic titular nations are , which quite clearly excludes the third . 
   you told me historically estonia and latvia have a closer connection yes . 
  this is to say in defense of someone claiming that i think they have nothing in common , while i only mean that estonia and even latvia have very little in common with lithuania historically . 
   you told me internally you refer to the baltics including estonia in soviet context yes , the term baltic countries exists and is used , but it 's rather a convenience for ourselves as well , rather than an identity . 
  plus we should n't forget the usage of the word `` baltic '' in its historical order : 1 . 
  baltic sea ( * mare balticum * in latin ) 2 . 
  * balten * ( `` balts '' ) , endonym for baltic germans , in just modern estonia and latvia 3 . 
  baltic languages , just latvian and lithuanian , but at first occasionally also estonian and perhaps even finnish as linguistics was very young . 
  `` balts '' for current baltic people most likely stems from that and the german * balten * became outdated and was replaced by * deutsch-balten * or * baltendeutsche * . 
  * ostsee * provinces/governorates -  baltic governorates , just modern estonia and latvia 5 . 
  baltic countries/states , countries that got independence from russia in 1917-1918 , but mostly the three smaller ones . 
  i do n't personally mind ( i 'd even encourage it ) being lumped into eastern europe in contexts relating to cold war and the socio-economic issues in common to all post-socialist countries in europe . 
  * but * , it is only in that context . 
   although of course i 'm not saying it should or should n't happen , although personally i do n't really understand why language difference should be a problem . 
  it 's not really just the language difference . 
  we have plenty in common with latvia historically and culturally , but very little in common with lithuania . 
   as long as you have a good education system and teach people when they are young , learning multiple languages is n't that difficult . 
  how is that even relevant here ? 
  it 's not like anyone of us three has the will to massively teach one of the three languages other than our own in schools . 
  there are far more important languages to teach , having learnt english , german , russian and french myself in school . 
   it rather relates to 3 specific countries : lithuania , latvia and estonia . 
  ok , but . . why ? 
   but the truth is a big majority of people do not know about baltic language family or that estonian is n't part of it . 
  well that 's exactly what i 've been telling . 
  the grouping exists due to a general lack of knowledge and the psychological need to simplify things . 
  i do n't recall having been vague about it . 
  these religions are meaningless these days , but their historical influence certainly is not . 
  i 'd say lithuania is at the crossroads of catholic , orthodox and protestant influenced cultures , but it 's still neither orthodox , nor protestant and is clearly outside these groups . 
  being in northern europe certainly has its additional influences , but not to the degree already latvia has been influenced by a different type of culture . 
   we are more similar to each other than any of them . 
  who , you ? 
  i 'm sure you are more similar to poland than to estonia , if we leave the soviet era aspects aside of course . 
  i 'm sure we are more similar to finland and scandinavia than to lithuania , if we leave the soviet era aspects aside of course . 
  the idea that our language is different from virtually all the other european languages is very deep in the estonian consciousness .
