  hush , you ca n't ask these people , they are brainwashed by western media . 
  seriously ? 
   a reminder of what decades of being force-fed pure ideology will do to you yeah , that 's what happened in the soviet union ... 
  i do n't mean yelling at the wall , obviously , rather the [ strategic defense initiative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_defense_initiative#impact_upon_soviet_union ) , which the ussr had to answer to , but eventually could n't . 
  i 've always believed it was thanks to reagan mostly , but i 've read some academic literature about that and it seems to rather counter that understanding . 
   but today the west was `` provoking russia '' ah yes , that provoking with sending a small number of nato troops to counter a huge number of russian troops . 
  so you with your vast knowledge of international law , what do you know about the * sui generis * state continuity of the baltic states ? 
  existence of natives reminds about your crimes . 
  remove natives to not remember your crimes . 
  i 'm starting to doubt about your phd claim . 
  so border ambiguity and economic importance . 
  those are big enough realistic reasons , for sure , but not really symbolically important . 
  but the world war ii was won by russians and russians only !, 
   and i 'm a phd with 15 + yrs experience in international law , so what ? 
  cool . 
  now with your ultimate knowledge , point to my mistakes in the comments . 
   yeah ... `` involuntary '' , i suppose . 
  what ? 
   not really . 
  but what is on your side it 's those difficulties in understanding what exactly the word `` part '' means . 
  `` part '' as in occupied , sure . 
  but not part as in legally a part of another system . 
  the majority considered it an illegal foreign occupation . 
   you cant have one rule for the russian minorities losing their identity and another for your people losing their identity what ? 
   that is hypocrisy is n't it and you do n't want to be guilty of been an hypocrite on a public forum do you . 
  what hypocrisy ? 
  do n't foreigners need to integrate in your country ? 
  integration means adopting the local culture and not forgetting your own . 
  we are not trying to assimilate the russian population ... 
  it is really not . 
  nice to see how well the propaganda works in russia . 
  indeed . 
  however putin did [ pose as a german ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01369/ronaldreagan_1369289c.jpg ) once . 
  lol , china is perhaps a superpower , but not india and russia . 
  what ? 
  i grew tired of that , they wo n't even look into it . 
  i 'm not sad because that 's not a real problem . 
  lol . 
  pick up a map , would you ? 
   the main foundation of the current republic being protestant ( prussian lithuanian ) , not catholic . 
  wait , what ? 
   we were during the reign of olof i af muns\u00f6 . 
  was n't this like very shortly ? 
   the reason is simple , geopolitics . 
  well this of course i understand , but you are northern european already . 
   but owerblowing things out of proportions hitler was a dictator , who invaded other countries . 
  so is putin . 
  what is there not to get ? 
   yeah , ignorance is always cocksure . 
  i 'm quite sure i have a master 's degree in law and i know the history of estonia very well . 
   but you denying that estonia was a part of the ussr . 
  well international law is on my side here . 
   putinbots are everywhere apparently . 
  keep up the good propaganda , it 's working . 
   no , we are victims of communism many were , but it was the russians themselves , who created the communist state in the first place . 
  similar to culturally close countries . 
  well , your mistake is labeling estonia eastern european , or baltic for that matter ... 
  ah , the `` good old swedish times '' . 
  this is what happens when you occupy random countries . 
  they find their way back to their normal environment as soon as possible . 
  i will comment here as well :  the situation in estonia is complicated . 
  well this is mildly put . 
  an absolute fubar would be a better explanation . 
   and still has n't been passed as far as i can gather you are correct . 
   so same-sex partnerships are technically legal , but mostly symbolic as they do n't currently grant most of the rights they are supposed to . 
  mostly symbolic , but there are a few registered cohabitation agreements already . 
  it 's just that the courts and other institutions have to follow their gut as no implementing legislation exists . 
  how are they not alike ? 
   thinking people with knowledge of history . 
  brainwashed putinbots you mean . 
   that was you , dear russian . 
  that was all you !, 
  russians are to blame for communism , russians alone !, 
  no , i consider my knowledge about these subjects very good . 
  how am i denying the occupation again ? 
  alcohol consumption is still very high , although it has dropped rapidly over the last few years . 
  yeah well , i understand these analogies , but i want to understand the root of that problem , which is quite easy to understand for ukraine and estonia . 
  i do n't drink coffee , 
   yeap , but estonia denied the citizenship to the large part of its population . 
  no , we did no such thing . 
  they need to apply and pass the test just like in most other countries . 
   and yes , they have to learn estonian in order to get the citizenship . 
  to get it , indeed , but there is no requirement should you already be a citizen ( which happens easily if one of your direct ancestors is/was a citizen ) . 
   and no , there 're no russian language services in estonia lol , you should really check your facts first . 
  no , but luckily i have had a chance to meet karelians , maris , mordvins and komis at finno-ugric culture events . 
   estonia made a large portion of its russian population stateless upon independence no , they were never citizens of the republic of estonia . 
  we have n't taken citizenship away from anyone . 
   requires them to take a politicized naturalization test to become citizens politicized ? 
  and most countries do that . 
   i do n't see the equivalence between crimean tatars and estonian russians , sorry . 
  neither do i. crimean tatars are indigenous people of crimea , russians are recent illegal immigrants to estonia . 
  they like to support russia from ... outside russia . 
  we do what is best for europe . 
  if russia is bad for europe , then we support a policy that forces russia to be less bad for europe . 
   throwing shit at russia is a major part of politics in some ee countries . 
  perhaps with a bloody good reason ? 
   i did n't see estonia caring much about iraq being illegally invaded by us . 
  saddam hussein was a totalitarian dictatorship and most iraqis were initially happy to get rid of him . 
  the us-led occupation however was extremely horribly carried out and that 's a whole different story . 
  but the us did not annex iraq and has n't imported its population there , quite unlike russia for estonia .
