  in academic literature it is usually referred to as occupation * sui generis * . 
  it may look like a classroom , but it 's the only expressionist style parliament hall in the world - plus it 's in an impressive castle !, 
  indeed , it was all about being anti-soviet at the time . 
  a perfect example from estonian history when in 1934 a righ-wing populist movement was about to win presidential ( state elder ) elections , but threatened to take power by force should they not win . 
  the prime minister in power then organized a coup to prevent this from happening ** and the parliament approved his coup ** . 
  however as you can imagine it did n't lead to any democracy until 1938 and even to consider that a democracy is a tad bit controversial . 
   while refusing to acknowledge the gray area of the baltic states cultural , ethnic and linguistic complexity . 
  how to i refuse to do that again ? 
  cultural , ethnic and linguistic differences is the sole reason why estonia should n't be labeled baltic . 
   estonians = finnic , therefore you 're with finns , therefore you 're nordic . 
  it 's not as simple as that it is ...  because you have to take into account the effect the russian imperial period had on us and did n't have on finland ? 
   the soviet occupation period indeed , lets label countries based on illegal occupations ...  as well as the simply different path of historical evolution which we had opposed to the scandinavians and nordics . 
  what is this different path of historical evolution that applies to all three baltic states , but does n't apply for finland ? 
   estonia braking away because they 're different . 
  why would we want to `` break away '' from latvia and lithuania ? 
  we get along well ... 
  but this does n't mean we are baltic like you guys . 
   the baltic states are the baltic states . 
  indeed , latvia and lithuania . 
   but that 's what we are . 
  good for you !, 
  just leave us out of it . 
   and we have an awesome opportunity to make the baltic state brand into something recognised worldwide that 's definitely something you should do !, 
  just remember that we 've got our own thing going on . 
   inherently different from the nordics inherently not . 
   we might have a big , connected past to various degrees , but we are not them . 
  you probably are not . 
  i would n't that much mind labeling protestant latvians as nordic , but as your whole national sentiment is against that , i do n't see that happening ...  so why force yourself into something you 're not i would n't do that . 
  you keep doing that ... 
  but i do n't understand why people are so opposed to simple facts ... 
  wow actual downvotes for pure facts ... 
   then erase all the cultural heritage , all the russians , all the buildings , all the language quirks that developed during that time . 
  not really what i claimed and you very well know that !, 
   imagine we 're the same as the nordics ( or scandis ) nobody is the same anyway , but estonians fall within the same criteria than the rest and should be considered nordic for that reason . 
   not so much among us . 
  here 's where you are simply wrong , my dear latvian friend . 
  i have a lot of interaction with latvia and latvians to know that we barely have anything else in common than our shared hatred for russia . 
  yeah because sweden and switzerland are always separate from such regions . 
  all i 'm saying is that grouping by a illegal foreign occupation is stupid and unfair , especially if these countries are trying to erase all signs of the past occupation . 
  imagine if we drew geopolitical borders based on what countries the nazis occupied and what not . 
  because only latvians and lithuanians are baltic and estonians are finnic and because estonia shares a lot in common with scandinavia as well while very little with lithuania , then estonians view themselves often nordic rather than baltic . 
   cry nice , how very typical ... 
  it sort of was . 
  [ that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ), 
   i know about the cyberwarfare . 
  the us conducts cyber warfare against a plethora of countries classic !, 
   no territory under the control of the baltic states was illegally transfered to them and what territory was illegally transferred to ukraine ? 
  why was this removed if the prime minister confirmed it ? 
  if only they showed this on a regional level - northeastern estonia would win in a landslide !, 
  although it seems they now still attract the left-extremes as well , do n't they ? 
  i 'm sorry for basing my arguments on [ one of the biggest british newspapers ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-news-second-eu-referendum-leave-voters-regret-bregret-choice-in-millions-a7113336.html ) , which is apparently biased ... 
  that definitely does n't just come from reddit !, 
  in what sane way was it not , considering the utter misinformation about the eu and leaving it , not understanding what they voted for and regretting it on a large scale , and several brexit leaders not caring about what 's to come now . 
   `` we are n't aggressive '' , `` we are under attack from the russians '' - `` hey , let 's make their life harder , that will show them . '', 
  the cognitive dissonance should kill any human within minutes . 
  seriously , what ??? 
   ban is not the correct word - its abandon or `` remove from the list of officially spoken languages '' . 
  which was a good decision . 
   switch roles and you 'll see the irony . 
  what does it matter if they say mean words . 
  you poor guy , who does n't see the difference ...  `` nato will deploy another battalion somewhere '' does n't sound like deescalation to me . 
  russia is escalating things as it 's actually aggressive - how come nato is to be blamed for escalating things when it barely answers to it ?? 
   i will burn my eu citizenship if it comes that far you can not burn a citizenship . 
   are gearing up for a war much like in ww1 russia is the one leading us into that situation . 
  basically 1 ) russia has divisions at nato borders , nato has battalions at russian borders 2 ) russian divisions practice invading foreign territory and russia actually invades sovereign countries 3 ) nato brings a couple of more battalions to the border 4 ) you blame nato for escalating things ...  this is going in the wrong direction is what i am saying . 
  of course it is , but if nato does n't answer to russian moves , then it will lead us in the wrong destination quite quickly  hostile to whom . 
  a significant part of its population . 
   but just because he did n't like the eu relatively irrelevant to the eu and this topic . 
   the civil war started precisely because rebel groups thought they will get western support . 
  no , the civil war started because assad used violence against its people , who were protesting for democratic changes  it was never about ending the civil war , it was about winning it for us . 
  in this case the eu/us perspective is the only realistic perspective to bring peace into this country  the refugees do n't matter that much , they are a welcome tool to keep the europeans in line - you demonstrate it nicely here :   a large share of the refugees will never return . 
   get mixed messages `` we do n't care if you leave good fuck off '' to `` we hate you for leaving you bastards '' wonder where estonians , latvians and lithuanians have seen that before , hmm . 
  however i am of neither opinion , i do care that the brits are leaving , yet do n't hate them for it . 
  i just think they made an utterly stupid populist choice . 
   are they ? 
  i think it 's more like a national hobby , which makes us critical of the progress so far and makes us strive further , but not in the way that we would seek some sort of guidance from russia . . 
   we have almost directly the us to thank for both al-quaida , the taliban and isis . 
  a tad bit too simplified world view , do n't you thin ?? 
   but this was about left-wing extremism in europe and that 's all ussr . 
  the right wing gets along with russia very well !, 
  i 've only seem them in ridiculous small subsections in estonia , although i have n't read a single paper edition in years . 
   some of the victims had been kidnapped from around public places such as railway stations since 2008 does somebody know if any of these children have been/will be returned to their parents or are they from orphan families or other complicated situations ? 
  and why should n't we support protest movements against dictators and pro russian dictatorship governments ? 
   after the central government banned russian as a national language . 
  you can not ban a language as a national language . 
  you can either ban a language or remove a language from the list of official languages and only the latter was done . 
   a similar situation is in georgia , where a province populated by ethnic russians feels discriminated against . 
  oh boy ...  like it 's the 50 's again well , considering that russia is an aggressive dictatorship , which constantly spews anti-western propaganda and threatens its neighbors - is n't it the 50 's again ? 
   constant military maneuvering and showing force you mean russian military maneuvering and showing force , which the nato is barely answering to ? 
   insisting the pro russian government must go at all costs it was n't about getting rid of the pro-russian government , it was about getting rid of one of the most hostile dictatorships in the world with whom in power the civil war can not have a peaceful end and with whom in power a large share of the refugees will never return . 
   as if they are getting the napoleon complex already . 
  but , they are ... 
  \u00c5land especially can easily be seen as part of scandinavia , however \u00d6sterbotten is so socioeconomically tied to finland that it should perhaps not be counted as a scandinavian region on its own . 
  did n't argue with that, 
  i just love those moments when somebody from any western country is supporting putin or bashing the eu or the us and then provides rt or sputnik news as evidence . 
  i would n't say it really works on estonians , these are always the people , who nobody has ever heard about and if you google them then you find that they are from the lowest and least educated classes of the society . 
  and its only their activity in comment sections that makes one believe their opinions are actually shared by the majority while most people stay off the comment sections because of exactly these kind of people . 
  he 's a russian though, 
  konstantin vassiljev is an ethnic russian estonian football player . 
  for some reason he 's important .
