   also what about the 8th estonian rifle corps or estonian ssr governing body that consisted of communist estonians . 
  would you deport them to and where ? 
  why would i deport them if they were estonian citizens by birthright ? 
  and it 's not like they were all in the red army voluntarily , there was a forceful mobilization , which was a crime according to international law . 
   since the russian were left stateless on what grounds and where would you exactly deport them across the border ? 
  it 's the successor state of the ussr - russia , who left them stateless . 
  that 's why they should have been deported to russia . 
  not our problem anymore after they were across the border . 
   are children responsible for sins of their fathers ? 
  ( although sort of should they try to justify them ... ) it 's not a punishment . 
  you can do that in every country with children as well if deportation of illegal immigrants does n't threaten their lives in the destination country . 
   so if your man took an oath to defend soviet union political violence , they had no alternative as denial of this oath resulted in a long imprisonment . 
  my father and both grandfathers all served in the red army against their wills . 
  and several of my grandparents were in the estonian communist party as there was no other way to become a teacher . 
   what about your third president who was in second highest in rankposition in whole of soviet union right under yuri fucking andropov ? 
  deport him to ? 
  he is an estonian citizen by birth . 
  why would you even suggest that ? 
   what if the foreigners did n't also have a choice to either come or be born born is one thing , citizenship is another . 
   are you also saying that you suffered under soviets worse than a russian ukranian or belorussian did ? 
  no , why ? 
  they were part of the ussr in the 1930s , we were not . 
  however they were not internationally recognized countries in the meantime . 
  double post . 
  not even somalians ? 
  but it 's relatively difficult to imagine how you would have actually barred estonians from entering had you not joined the eu . 
   no wonder some people do n't appreciate eu lol , as if those lists would be that much different without the eu . 
  you invented terrorism for a reason , i do n't think that 's the national stereotype op meant here . 
  `` an estonian in the statistics '' = / = `` an estonian '' , you get that , right ? 
  yeah , how dare nato protect eastern europe from our nukes with their anti-missile shield . 
  i thought it was the russians . 
  but well , i guess they are similar in that matter . 
  i do n't think the irish are quite as problematic people as the chechens ... 
  lol, 
  yeah for my father , who served in georgian ssr , the chechens were the most horrible people in there . 
  called him a fascist for his white skin colour and blond hair and shit . 
  generally i think they are quite radical muslims . 
  in a way i support their independence from russia , but then again , let 's not lie - we do n't want to see another independent muslim state ... 
  everything except one thing : how well russia knows how to lie . 
  i do n't think it 's quite like that , but rather they quite often are those useful idiots for putin 's regime . 
  to put it very simply : people , whose ancestors have been the predominant people of this land for centuries . 
  only in recent times ( i.e. 
  like a millenium ) have there been different nations living together . 
  in most parts of the world , an ethnic group ( be it varied like in spain even ) inhabited one distinct territory . 
  like spaniards are indigenous to most of spain , except basque county , but if catalans think they are different enough from the rest of spaniards , then they should have the right to self determination in their area - i.e. 
  catalonia and the rest of spaniards have the right to current spain - basque county - catalonia . 
  although , i think the libyan estimate is a bit out of date by now , 
   there is n't a damn thing sweden can do to stop them lol, 
   it 's that rough around the edges fuck what ever anyone thinks mentality . 
  i notice it in myself likewise from time to time . 
  it 's our shared inner bydlo of a sorts . 
  literally have no idea , what you 're talking about . 
   what legal basis would we have for it . 
  of them being illegals as they were immigrants to an illegally occupied country , which is a crime against international law . 
   how much of constitution would it be breaking . 
  definitely , but their remaining here is an eternal fifth column issue . 
  like , quite a lot of them have integrated by now , but on a large share thanks to mixed marriages and not that much thanks to fully ethnic russian integration . 
   i find practice of removing citizenship they did n't have citizenship anyway after estonia ** restored ** independence as they were illegal immigrants . 
  only now have some of them naturalized . 
  i find allowing illegal colonists to stay to be inherently unjust . 
   for same reasons i find hatespeech/crime laws abhorrent . 
  do n't see how this is relevant . 
   citizens and habitants it 's not our mentality , it 's because we have more foreigners , who came here in a way that we did not have a chance to say our word against it . 
  none of the western european states ever were in a situation like this . 
   baltshit again , estonians are not balts . 
  but i think you interpret too much on the ussr . 
  our mentality is so because of our direct reaction to the horrors of the ussr , not because of the soviet indoctrination . 
   always makes me smile how similar both soviet educated and soviet cultured russians and the ethnic majorities within each individual ex soviet republics are . 
  erm , what ? 
   balt estonians are not balts  can take balt out of soviet union but ca n't take the soviet union out of the balt as a person , who has most likely never been here , you have no fucking idea , what you are talking about . 
  it 's not like i want to persecute these people , i want to ( in the 1991 context ) send away people , who came here illegally to colonize and russify my country . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   official and soldiers are assigned duties . 
  yeah , gradual immigration on a relatively low level has never hurt anyone , but the 1970s-1980s immigration will hurt us for centuries to come . 
   those escaping religious prosecution or those who were on loosing side of war likewise would fit within confines of it being immigration . 
  immigration still , but the old believers are a relatively respected community . 
   likewise those that were moved into estonia with the deportation of estonians out had no choice in the matter . 
  not very much a case as much as i 've heard . 
  but if you ask me - all the people , who came to estonia during the soviet occupation , including their descendants , should have been deported back across the border ... 
  wait , sweden is expected to drop below the baltic states in 10 years ? 
  not to mention , you very rarely hear of a dumb as a rock rocket scientist , 
  estonians are generally ok with it - having russia suffer for it now is a matter of existence for us in the future . 
  almost makes me look the `` failed '' integration of russians from a new perspective ... 
  estonia also hurts a lot thanks to this , but the eu will manage fine . 
  the sanctions will cause economic difficulties for russia and this is the best way to punish them for their crimes . 
  the bottom line is that statistics include russians as estonians , so when you say that estonians are that root of all evil , then be really careful , my dear finn ... 
  mostly in four waves : 1 ) late 17th century : orthodox old believers , who came to exile . 
  rather insignificant population wise . 
  2 ) 18th - early 20th century : random immigration of state officials and soldiers over a longer period of time . 
  3 ) after the october revolution : quite a lot of white movement members and former nobility . 
  4 ) during the soviet occupation : first random immigration of state officials and soldiers and then wide-scale immigration of laborers into specially designed towns and districts in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  you have an obscure understanding of what indigenous is ... 
  from one example ? 
   if there are more man than woman you will have dissatisfaction either way , regardless of ethnicity like one can see in india ... 
  yes , i rather meant that even though there might be more women in the whole society , such a problem will mostly only exist for the immigrant men and not the local men . 
   i remember reading a study from usa claiming that marriages across social layers ( e.g. 
  university degree vs basic school graduates ) are significantly lower then within the same layer . 
  yeah , it 's sort of logical . 
   regardless they got destroyed by the finns . 
  you rather show double standards as the finns still lost the winter war quite quickly , while it was only as a collaboration with the germans that they later fought for years in the continuation war .
