  now , how many of them happened during the cold war and how many of these were about countering the soviet threat ? 
  and what a classic : iraq invades kuwait . 
  -  bush reinstates dictator of kuwait ... not biased at all ... 
  it was about your falsified portrayal of history , not about criminal dramas . 
  come on , be real ... 
  dude , i do n't think anyone has a problem with criminal dramas :d, 
  and how is it related to coups and us organization ? 
  i personally do n't have anything against a lot of construction , a 90s kid from tallinn has grown up with it anyways , 
  because they are often full of lies . 
  no , we know about corruption as well and we tackle it . 
  that 's not so much happening in russia . 
   i mean , if you looked closely at russian game shows and other programs , you would find out that all of them are either rip-offs of american tv shows or , in the last decade or so , legal adaptations . 
  i don ' think anyone has a problem with that . 
   the only original content is limited to `` patriotic '' tv series about ww2 or criminal drama series . 
  it 's this part that we have a problem with . 
  i am sure a lot of people have already changed their jobs , surely they could speak up if there was a massive conspiracy going on ... 
   the article you linked quotes the testimony from an estonian decorated ss member ( they ss did n't decorate members who did the bare minimum because they were unwilling to be there ) i never said they were unwilling , i said their will did not matter . 
  plus , they were a lot more willing to be fighting for the germans than for the soviets , and for a good reason . 
   but maybe i should believe the embellished and factually incorrect tales of a redditor instead . 
  what ? 
  seriously , if you are so far off with your knowledge of estonian history , why act all high and mighty ? 
   porkuni on september 21 witnessed a particularly sad note in estonian history where the primary combatants were estonians on opposing sides , soldiers of the remnants of the estonian division on one side , soldiers of the 917th rifle regiment on the other . 
   it mentions the rifle regiment sided with the soviets , which means your narrative that the red army was universally unwelcome is false . 
  always nice to see a foreigner very arrogantly and intelligently in his mind misinterpreting history . 
  a rifle regiment was a soviet type unit - it was a red army unit . 
  the battle of porkuni was notorious as the two sides were estonian conscripts in the red army and estonian conscripts in the german army . 
  none of them really had a chance , they were ordered to be there . 
  i am a liberal , yet strongly oppose immigration . 
  stop mixing up european liberalism and the american use of the word , or mixing liberals with the left wing . 
   but part of the estonian military willfully sided with the soviets as they entered estonia . 
  where did you get that ? 
   the way you phrased it , it seemed the soviets were invaders universally unwelcome by estonian forces . 
  well , duh . 
  of course . 
   as for the flag , the soviets seem to have shot down the estonian flag that had been put there by the national committee , whose military tried to fight off the red army the days before . 
  yeah , the estonians were fighting against the soviet re-invaders . 
  that was clear from the start now , was n't it ? 
  oh , [ we know ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-u0yhjgscfqc/uab79we1bci/aaaaaaaad1a/tb9dnrhx0pe/s1600/valtmanestonianfood79.jpg ) . 
  yet the country gets 10x more visitors than its population . 
  that is not a small amount of tourists and claiming it 's forgotten by the tourists is just dumb . 
  [ national committee of the republic of estonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_committee_of_the_republic_of_estonia ) , [ tallinn offensive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tallinn_offensive ) , [ shooting down the flag with machine gun fire ] ( http://www.eesti.ca/estonia-1944-6/print2427 ) . 
  i do n't know , we `` hang out '' with other nordic countries quite a lot . 
  plus , the issue is not about friends , i am quite sure that baltic countries are closer friends to estonia than scandinavians ( i.e. 
  leave out finland , with whom we already have friendly relations ) , however this is rather about self-determination and ethno-linguistic heritage as we are a finnic people and not baltic and although we have a lot in common historically and culturally ( mostly in the baltic german sense ) with latvia , we share relatively little with lithuania , definitely far less than with scandinavian countries . 
  but again , this does n't mean that estonia does n't want to have friendly or even the friendliest relations with the baltic states and i get the opposite even butthurt reaction from some latvians and lithuanians all the time for some reason , although this is definitely something estonians have in mind . 
  it 's difficult to say as russians in estonia definitely are n't a monolith . 
  firstly i think that affiliating with europeans and being loyal to russia may go hand in hand . 
  but the general majority stereotype these days could be that they love to praise russia , but from ... outside russia . 
  indeed , however in reality he would have gotten more if he had accepted that he was n't the only madman conquering the world . 
  and how is nato a warmongering organization again ? 
  different ruler , different situation ? 
  cool , i 'm going to look up the results for my country !, 
  no , at most it 's common to live with your parents till you graduate from the university , otherwise a couple of years since graduating from high school . 
  it was common during the 1920s and 1930s , during the soviet occupation financial situation was the primary issue - if you could live alone , then you would , but often it was difficult to get a license for a new home if you were single . 
  in the 1990s no license was needed , however financial issues prevailed . 
  however the average marriage age was very young and people usually moved away as fast as they could , usually a couple of years after getting married . 
  right now people get married and have children usually in their late 20s . 
  actually not kidding , all four of my grandparents told me that during the war soviet soldiers would march into a house with rifles , while the germans would leave them behind the front door . 
  an intentional appearance trick perhaps , but it worked , apparently . 
  plus , there 's a huge old world - new world difference as in the new world every arriving person is more or less a rightful resident , while in the old world you remain a foreigner sometimes to the end of your life , even though you were born in the country and had citizenship . 
  ethnicity often prevails over nationality in he old world nation states . 
  an ethnic estonian living in sweden , germany , the uk or wherever is still an estonian first and foremost , as long as he or she speaks the estonian language as a mother tongue . 
  and sometimes even if he or she does n't speak the language at all . 
  and in the same time a person living in estonia for his or her entire life will never be considered estonian . 
   doubt it would have lasted long . 
  i do n't see how well educated people in central and western europe would have lived under tyranny without complaint for many years the naivety in this sentence . 
  really depends on the day of the week , the time of departure and the type/class of boat . 
  basically friday evening helsinki-tallinn slow boat is the worst . 
  yeah , get over the fact that we murdered your ancestors , yet continue to glorify those , who did the murdering . 
   calling it forgotten by the criteria it uses - global tourist numbers . 
  but do n't you think that such a criterion is simply retarded ? 
  and i do agree that if they used such a criterion , then the results are adequate , yet the method itself is not . 
  not in tallinn indeed , not even the worst places in lasnam\u00e4e or kopli , or even maardu look like that . 
  however sillam\u00e4e and kohtla-j\u00e4rve do have such places . 
   are n't they estonian regardless of their ethnicity ? 
  well i try to answer honestly . 
  yes and no . 
  yes some russians are part of the same society and thy have integrated well , especially those , who started in estonian kindergartens or were from mixed families . 
  the latter ones we consider ethnic estonians anyway ... 
  but then again , no . 
  many estonians consider the majority of russians as illegal immigrants or their descendants . 
  i mean many have integrated well and kudos to them , but it 's still hard to see most of them as estonians even in the nationality term . 
   and rightfully so - should one contact estonian or russian authorities to bring the aforementioned jewellery thieves to justice ? 
  i get it , but we see it as an injustice as well . 
  it 's the `` they '' bring `` our reputation '' down rhetoric . 
   ad a burgenland croat robbed a jewellery in madrid , would it have been seemly for a spanish newspaper to publish that an austrian committed a crime ? 
  i 'd be fined with ethnic distinction . 
   it 's a short way from `` well-founded bias '' to bigotry . 
  i get it that the situation is very similar to that of the us . 
  and it 's not particularly about ethnic tendencies , rather social ones . 
  i am sure that crime rates among ethnic estonians from the same poor neighborhoods are just as high . 
  but here 's the reality - an average estonian is much richer than an average russian in estonia , and from a better neighborhood and they value their country definitely more , so the different crime rates can be explained by these factors , but they are still very apparent differences among ethnic groups . 
  but then we all need to stop and acknowledge the different societal factors that contribute to crime rates and they are very similar in estonia and the us . 
   in other words , do you agree with general discrimination and segregation of african americans , given their disproportionately high number in us prisons ? 
  yet i think there 's a difference between estonia and the us . 
  african americans are the historically repressed minority , while russians in estonia were the privileged new minority . 
  african americans speak the same language and are tied to the same country , while russians in estonia often do n't speak estonian and are culturally strongly tied to russia and not estonia , so their falling behind is not as surprising and unjustified as with african americans . 
  plus the public school system really does n't give the poorer african americans a chance , while the public school system in estonia is the norm and there are very few private schools in estonia , which are n't necessarily better than the public ones - at least all the `` elite schools '' ( traditionally 5 in tallinn and 2 in tartu ) are public schools . 
  then again in the us it 's a lot more stereotypical as the crime rates in bad neighborhoods are way beyond what 's going on in the worst [ russian ] neighborhoods in estonia . 
  plus many african americans in the ghetto held this sort of behavior as a norm , while among russians even in the bad neighborhoods , it 's about the `` worst kind of people '' .
