  note that i absolutely agree that iraq was a mistake ( unlike the other ones , because i do n't generalize or simplify things ) . 
  it was justified because iraq was a totalitarian dictatorship , yet it was a tactical mistake because there was virtually no active opposition to hussein and securing the country was obviously too big of a bite to swallow . 
   the point is that all this talk about international law , war crimes , the violation of countries ' sovereignty etc. 
  becomes pretty pointless when ` our side ' is n't ready to uphold any principles whatsoever whenever they become inconvenient . 
  the principle in the 21st century should be democracy or nothing . 
  we should not allow dictators to crush down popular resistance movements , we should always help these resistances !, 
  except it 's not nonsense . 
  i actually know something about international law and international relations . 
  your incapability of seeing through that your analogy was a perfect example of godwin 's law is stunning ...  so the crime if favor of some morals or political views are okey to protect or install democracies - yes . 
   evil assad and saddam threatened the west , the glorious usa and the holy spirit democracy !, 
  it is as if you are supporting dictators ...  usa !, 
  i ca n't even see what the us does in your argument . 
  i support democracies . 
  the us is the strongest of them . 
  of course they see more action than smaller democracies . 
  as if you know anything about estonian media ... 
   so it 's okay to commit a crime if you have national support ? 
  like , hitler had support , so it was okay to kill jews ? 
  he quite definitely did n't do it to protect a democracy and the jews were no threat to the german state . 
   democratic states can be client states just fine , it 's nothing to do with democracy ( or formal sovereignty ) . 
  depends , as of current , there are no such client states in the world . 
   even by that standard they were still token contributions . 
  some contributed quite a lot per capita , although indeed , the uk did contribute a lot . 
   nonsense double-standard reasoning which works just as well for ( among other things ) soviet domination of eastern europe and russia 's current actions in ukraine . 
  no it does n't . 
  the ussr was the aggressor of the cold war , not the west !, 
  democratic countries are of higher moral standard than dictatorships and should therefore be defended with any mens possible !, 
   georgia was during the early 90s hostile to russia , ultranationalist , and an active danger to its ossetian and abkhazian minorities . 
  guess south-ossetia and abkhazia were justified . 
  it were the ossetians and abkhazians , who drove the georgians out , not the other way around . 
  plus , russia invaded in 2008 , not in the early 90s . 
   despite the regime attempting to get a ceasefire going multiple times . 
  wow  where do you think a significant part of guantanomo detainees ( who again , were n't formally charged ) came from ? 
  they really , really do n't deserve anything better . 
   ` we can suspend ( international ) law and not uphold our own standards because we hate the other side and thus they do n't deserve compassion . ', 
  by the other side , you mean radical terrorists , who would n't hesitate to chop off the heads of any western captives ...  you 've yet to prove that . 
  i can see it through , you compare very different conflicts here with very different circumstances . 
   what is kosovo ? 
  kosovo is a client state now ? 
   ` it is justified if it brings down illegitimate regimes or regimes dangerous to the russian/socialist/european / christian world ' only democracy counts here !, 
  rest are either undemocratic or imperialist reasons . 
   this is so laughably naive and slavishly pro-us i do n't know where to start . 
  i am strongly pro-democracy indeed . 
   it really is n't . 
  do you have any clue how many countless millions have died due to us actions ? 
  irrelevant . 
  what matters here is the number of people , who have died under illegal and unjustified actions and how much have they changed the political map . 
   while the us kills hundreds of thousands out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
  to bring down regimes that kill even more . 
   being murdered by a democratic country instead of an undemocratic country hardly makes you any less dead . 
  which itself is irrelevant . 
  democratic countries do n't oppress people like that , dictators in place do . 
   laughably naive and deliberately evasive of the issue of international law and millions of unnecesary deaths . 
  international law has its problems . 
  why would we not make exceptions where imperialist dictatorships like russia and china have a veto power ??? 
   a wide range of countries that are in effect client states to various degrees and depend in large part on us patronage , cooperation , leadership etc. 
  there are no democratic client states . 
   violations of international law should n't have support yes they should . 
  the reason international law is like it is comes from the fact that dictatorships would n't have agreed to it otherwise . 
  it is better than nothing , but still not enough . 
  taking down dictatorships is absolutely the right thing to do and if enough democratic nations agree to it , it is wholly justified to breach international law . 
  it is simply unacceptable that we have dictatorships vetoing decisions in the un . 
   i also do n't see how these countries being dictatorships matters . 
  but that 's exactly what matters !, 
  they are fine with a dictatorship that cooperates with them !, 
   there 's nothing in international law that makes otherwise illegal actions legal because they were done in opposition to a dictatorship , at least as far as i know . 
  of course not , never argued with that . 
  but it does make them justified !, 
   when allowing one country or several countries to get away with violations of international law , you push their competitors into doing the same as they will not be able to keep up otherwise . 
  democratic countries breaching international law against a dictatorship is one thing . 
  breaching international law against a democracy is another . 
   unless you can demonstrate that he did it with the specific intention of defending russia this proves absolutely nothing . 
  it 's irrelevant - it 's still whataboutism . 
   client states see , you ca n't win arguments if you resort to such pathetic terms with democratic states . 
   no ally but the uk provided anything of significance of significance really depends on how big the state is ...  holding ` our side ' up to the same standard as the ` enemy ' has nothing to do with banter . 
  while i agree with that , it 's your generalization and simplification that bothers me . 
   invasion of panama , grenada both justified by the cold war  iraq justified by it being a hostile totalitarian regime . 
  a tactical mistake of course . 
   inhumane sanctions against various counties that needlessly caused the deaths of countless hundreds of thousands where ? 
   a number of invasions without un approval some justified , some not . 
  some legal , some not . 
   countless foreign insurgencies sponsored again , often justified . 
  in such civil wars we should support the anti-dictatorship moderate forces . 
   illegal kidnappings of . . whom ? 
   illegal detentions , guantanamo bay etc. 
  while i agree on it being illegal and there being way better ways to handle such things and torture almost never works - the detainees there really do n't deserve anything better either . 
   they very much are . 
  you again portray how grossly you like to generalize and simplify . 
   carving out client states in foreign countries where ? 
   militarily invading countries and pursuing regime change it is justified if it brings down illegitimate regimes or regimes dangerous to the democratic world . 
   sponsoring coups in sovereign states again , same . 
   using the protection of one 's own nationals as an excuse to invade sovereign states care to give an example ? 
   sponsoring violent sectarian insurgencies in sovereign states i would seriously doubt our democratic morals if we failed to help out anti-dictatorship insurgencies . 
   these are all acts that both russia and the us have been guilty of in recent history . 
  yeah , except : - the scale is immensely different - russia does this purely out of imperialism - russia is an undemocratic country , while the us is democratic - us-led interventions are justified by bringing down dictatorships - the us has been strongly supported by a wide range of democratic countries in these actions, 
  well , killing civilians is n't necessarily a war crime , it depends on the circumstances . 
  could you however provide a specific example of a case ? 
   we are talking about war crimes , not attacking countries which is apparently legal attacking countries can be both legal and illegal , depending on the circumstances . 
  but what war crimes do you mean ? 
  there is one standard , stop with this nonsense !!!,
