  poland was also practically part of nazi germany , but it is n't really pc to say that instead of `` occupation '' ... 
  well no , they drink coffee at home too , they just take another one when they get to work :d, 
  sure you can buy them at gas stations , but you really have to be desperate for coffee . 
  two main reasons : - soviets exported grain the entire time ; - ukrainian peasants were not allowed to leave their famine-struck villages . 
  another 's ... 
  the tune has been the de facto anthem for estonians just as long as it has been for finns . 
  it matters little where the composer was born . 
  wonder if this is confirmed by academic literature ? 
  not going to comment on who caused that ( as i really lack knowledge on the issue ) , but were the villagers locked into their famine-struck villages like in ukraine ? 
  you robbed them/us , end of story . 
  these types of russians * are * alienated from the ethnic estonian society ... 
  as we would call it * talsingi * ( as in * helsingi * ) anyway , * singi * means `` of ham '' in estonian , 
   ecb where in the world is the central bank democratically elected ? 
  and how the hell does it have most of the power ? 
   after that you have the heads of states which does n't represent opposition of it 's respective countries . 
  this is the same in every country ...  and at last you have the european parliament , which we do elect but has no real power . 
  it has all the power - no law comes without its approval . 
   i do n't need to read an article in a newspaper about it , i need to read the articles of the eu constitution . 
  you really do need to educate yourself on political matters . 
  typical russian mentality . 
  an utterly different situation . 
  serbia got what it deserved , unlike ukraine . 
  the one where they invited hand-picked international observers , guys all around europe known for being putin 's mouthpieces ? 
  and why would osce go to an illegal referendum ? 
  there were russian forces there already - they did n't need to go there to declare it illegal and void . 
   ( which , if that logic had been applied consistently , would have required us not to recognise ukraine 's secession from the ussr ) with that i more or less agree , however that gives zero right for russia to intervene . 
  plus the indigenous population hugely hated the russian invasion and annexation . 
  russia imports its people - of course they then want to be part of russia ... an age old russian tactic . 
   sounds like you know next to nothing about your country 's post-independence years . 
  it was a deliberate choice and came at huge social cost . 
  please , i know everything about my country 's history . 
  that was the best choice . 
  you can not build a welfare state on a broken economy ...  obviously it would 've been a much smoother transformation to go from the soviet model to a welfare state ** with what money ??? 
   russia/ussr did not wage a war against baltic independence  lol  i meant in 1991-1992 obviously . 
  and in 1918-19  please educate yourself . 
  [ hinting to forest brothers ] you clearly forgot about this one . 
  could you give me an example ? 
   english is the first language of the majority , english is still classified as a native language . 
  yes , that 's what i am saying ...  also , every irish student learns irish from the beginning of primary school and it is our national language . 
  i get the sentiment and in a way ireland is a special case , but if you do n't learn it as a native language when growing up - it will still be a foreign language for you for all intents and purposes . 
   nato is n't the world , it 's a few countries in europe . 
  the countries where the us has the least amount of influence . 
  please , you are hurting my brain ...  nato countries are the most openly hostile to the us economically , politically and diplomatically . 
  especially france , italy and germany . 
  jesus f. christ ...  if the us had any influence german troops would be in iraq , we would have more than token support in afghanistan , our businesses would n't face constant lawsuits and protectionist practices and no one would be talking about giving a snowden asylum . 
  influence does n't work like that . 
   that does n't negate the fact that russia recognizes more languages that most countries , especially the western ones most old world western countries are nation states , quite unlike russia which controls the indigenous territories of dozens of distinct ethnic groups . 
  the more you control , the more languages you can nominally protect - just do n't be so darn naive to think that russia actually protects its minorities ...  and your country does n't grant official status to a whopping 25 % russian speakers . 
  jesus f. christ , learn some bloody history and international law before making such hateful and unintelligent comments !, 
  as i said before , russians know how to make things look beautiful on paper . 
  the us natives actually have wide autonomies , quite unlike the nominally autonomous ethnic groups in russia . 
  condemn first , prove later - what 's so difficult to get ? 
  it is not * your * country , if you do n't speak the local language , sorry - you are an immigrant and deserve no special rights . 
  how is it oppressing the illegal russian immigrants ? 
  when you are an illegal immigrant and want to become citizen , you apply for citizenship and pass the test - end of story . 
   let them to elect on national level , is it so hard to implement ? 
  we ca n't ( nor do n't want ) actually force our citizenship on them ... 
   what i expect from ethic minorities living in russia is to learn the russian language why ? 
  it 's their indigenous land that is being controlled by russia . 
  within their republics , they should not have to learn any other language than their own !, 
  and the russian immigrants there should learn the local language instead !, 
   all ethic minorities in russia have right to elect , even if they dont know rus lng . 
  what 's about baltic countries ? 
  you are a dictatorship . 
  our national minorities can actually vote democratically . 
  citizens of course , but that 's the same in every country . 
  `` elected '' . 
  the ussr was a union of countries subjugated to russian rule , nothing more . 
  the eu is a democratic union , nothing alike the ussr . 
   russians suffered from ussr as much as other nations russians caused this shit and made other people suffer through russification policies . 
  you take the blame for this soviet crap , 100 % !, 
  lol, 
  you still control areas that are not indigenous russian areas . 
  and continue to russify these people ... 
  what is this non politically correct ? 
  could you give me examples ? 
  you mean to say `` and those were n't ** even ** soviet republics ... '', 
  if a person is a citizen of estonia , then he does n't have to be able to speak estonian . 
  it 's the same here ... 
  russians know how to make things beautiful on paper . 
  the reality is quite different from that . 
  could be recent immigrants moving back . 
  that also explains the baltic states - russians here are n't really keen on moving to russia . 
  how did that 68 % get there , eh ? 
  their culture is fading away as there is no government support for them . 
  russification is still strong in russia . 
   tbh russia is one of the countries that most recognizes and protects minority languages for example . 
  are you for real ?? 
  i bet you used the money on mandatory russian language classes ... 
  more sanctions because you are a criminal state . 
  only in your delusional mind are international sanctions an aggression . 
  sure . 
  if there were any ... 
  indeed , the ussr had the protection of human rights in its constitution as well . 
  and it 's ok . thousands of ethnic groups live all over the world , most people do n't have to know about all of them . 
  however if they are being persecuted by what claims to be a civilized country , then of course there is more awareness . 
  it 's free for locals . 
  * p\u00fcssi * means `` of a gun '' in estonian . 
  it 's in genitive case as all locality names in estonia are in genitive case and therefore ending with a vowel , with tallinn being the only exception since 1920 . 
  nice way to portray your brainwash .
