i also learned this in swedish school , i even remember a number of 400k being given for spain ... however the real number should be 500k, 
  [ pleased to meet you , hope you guessed my name ] ( https://onsizzle.com/i/mr-world-wide-1901020 ), 
  i always wondered what would happen in this scenario , now i know , thank you . 
  i 'm an atheist but i have a strong preference for christian partners for my kids , they tend to be hard-working and family-focused . 
  atheists are selfish d-cks ( takes one to know one ) . 
  they are well known for their love of jews/muslims , right ? 
  wasnt that estonians or eesti ? 
  well i 'd accept it , if it was just a phase . 
  after some months , not so much . 
  who walks around with gold chains anyway ... no sympathy if they get stolen . 
  i heard most people want their kids to marry someone successful , and secretly controlling all of the world is pretty good in that regard . 
  some may think `` well a christian of course '' , as opposed to a jew/muslim . 
  maybe they thought `` chinese are white and i do n't like them ' '' or are migrants themselves . 
  aldo , once i met some polish group in a bar , they seemed to be watching the women ... drunk swedish me got super confused when they asked `` are you polish '' and followed up with `` then you do n't fuck those girls '' . 
  my point is , i met whites who would clearly not be ok with whites with their daughters anyway . 
  comets cant bend the earth axis, 
  also accurate, 
  just north of former ottoman province of yunanistan, 
  im happy he does not have that power and lets keep it that way, 
  i used to go to the church in central dublin , did not get saved though, 
  it makes a lot of sense in countries that view christmas as a christian holiday . 
  it makes no sense in secular countries . 
  kalmar would face opposition from even more people . 
  id find gothenburg to be a nice option . 
  beating on germans was much easier when there was no germany , instead just a bunch of small nations . 
  bitches ca n't resist the tracksuit , not my fault, 
  like `` kunn-skaaap '' . 
  but there is actually no logic in swedish to this . 
  we also have words like sk\u00f6n ( sch\u00f6n , or feel-good ) that is pronounced `` sh '' . 
  also journal , sjuk-sk\u00f6terska ( nurse ) , chans , skjorta ( shirt ) , gel\u00e9 ( jelly ) , stj\u00e4la ( steal ) , etc. , all pronounced similarly but spelled differently . 
  in norwegian most of them are simply spelled `` sj '' . 
  this is one of 2 hard concepts in swedish . 
  the 2nd hard concept is der das die , there are only 2 in swedish ( en and ett ) and they dont affect the words like in german . 
  `` en maskin , maskinen '' = `` one machine , the machine '' , but `` ett hus , huset '' = `` one house , the house '' . 
  you must learn if it is en/ett for each word . 
  another concept tricky for german speakers is that `` d '' and `` t '' are pronounced differently , and german `` u '' is more similar to swedish `` o '' , and swedish words flow together , all of this meaning a german native is easy to identify . 
  but other than these things , learning swedish should be easy if you speak english and german/dutch . 
  it is probably an easier language . 
  spaniards may know , and i 'm sure italians do too , but at least swedes are more or less clueless . 
  life hack : visit stockholm 04:00 in the summer , the sun is already up but close to 0 people are . 
  same in swedish , naturkunskap and fysik, 
  the first one is germanic , and it is geschichte in german too , but not in any other germanics i think . 
  i think you are correct about the rest though . 
  they didnt just steal the idea from scandinavian ? 
  ukraine 's borders are compromised and moldovas are too , above transnistria at least . 
  but i was thinking `` by planes '' . 
  what 's stopping russia from sending a lot of troops to transnistria already and calling it part of russia ? 
  in effect it is already, 
  it 's a different thing with nato/eu members . 
  there is not a lot stopping them from bullying georgia/belarus/ukraine at the moment . 
  insert random insults referring to my flag 2 . 
  you just ordered 1000 litre of milk, 
  you 're right . 
  people who say he did nothing wrong need to remember eu . 
  true , but bc is even more fitting for norway, 
  probably some would , but i think the main reaction would be `` haha go cry emo boy '', 
  gothiscandza rightful gotland clay, 
  invest in east polish death camps now !, 
  i 'm imperialist skeptic meaning anti-russian , anti-us and anti-eu . 
  however the latter is needed to counter the 2 first ones . 
  he had a horse tail when he got the position , it is gone now but it is still left in his mind . 
  at least for migration , beggars , and subsidizing poorer countries . 
  i 'm not comfortable with his style of painting nipples, 
  the russian threat is alive and well , they are the only reason nordics plus baltics need to have a military for example . 
  dont give them any ideas , or they will demand reparations from my nativw sweden for the deluge again ... 
  maybe they should cut down on it then ... 
  you will receive your payment in schwedentrunk, 
  the danes had that too , but that was a long time ago, 
  the end of the word arrives exactly when it is supposed to, 
  above average, 
  i aint saying he 's a gold digger , but he aint messing with no smuk pige, 
  swinging well above her league, 
  this map does not include them since it is eu only . 
  theyd be way bigger if it did . 
  let 's not forget us all speaking english , watching footie , listening to english music and london , still a global capital . 
  english culture is european culture and it is about as relevant for europe as other groups like french , german , nordics , iberians , italians , poles/czechs and the bunch to the east that are only in to block russia and provide cheap labor . 
  bulgaria would be backed by every conservative european and the eu . 
  * picks up accordion *, 
  i dont doubt they could walk over bulgaria if they stood alone , but attacking eu is probably a bad idea . 
  neither do romanians and bulgarians , they want to stay with their families , but are forced because of the money situation . 
  compare to e.g. 
  nordics that hardly care about their family and will gladly move . 
  nope , external hire . 
  not complaining but had more left in the end of the month before . 
  ok . you missed replying to who abijam 's mother was though, 
  way beyond that , i 'm a swede in a romanian outsourcing center , currently on vacation in sweden . 
  they do in dresden apparently : http://www.arkitekturupproret.se/2016/04/06/fler-exempel-pa-nyproduktion-i-dresden/, 
  and 2nd ... and 3rd ... just when you think it is over the race stuff comes . 
  norway is not free of greed . 
  but it is way less greedy than us . 
  imagine what would happen if the poor did not have to work 3 jobs , if you could not randomly sue people for millions , if you could not get bankrupted for medical bills , if the university did not cost money , if there would be no perverse rich hollywood people that everyone adored , and ( the scariest one for americans ) you would get taxed 50 % if you made a lot of money . 
  other than tears from the rich , it would be a nation way less obsessed with cash . 
  i 'm a random southeastern swede and i checked my ancestors , and for the up to 400 years i have data for they have stayed in roughly the same area , to the point of me even being excited if i see a person coming from 150 km away . 
  so , what you say does not apply to all swedes for sure . 
  this knowledge somehow has made me feel more connected with the swedes from this region , and made me see swedes from other regions as a little more alien to me . 
  haha , i knew there was something fishy going on . 
  there was indeed a debate about this in the 90s , but lately it has been a non-question . 
  in general , one should not feel guilt or pride for something one personally did not do . 
  being so cold , nordic countries were always quite darwinian . 
  if you do n't plan for the winter , or are too poor to properly do so , you may die .
