  if you do n't clean up your country , you might as well believe the notes !, 
  i do n't think the romanian national day should be celebrated on december 1 , when transylvania was given to them . 
  it seems like a shitfest each year celebrating one nation 's tragedy especially that there are over 1 million ethnic hungarians having to watch it . 
  it was a really really bad move from the 90 's iliescu , when there were other more appropriate options for a date . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being a socialist and has nothing to do with history-denying . 
  it was a joke, 
  i know right , watching a website where people are generally more rational minded and enjoy positive debates getting hijacked by putinbots is mildly scary . 
  at least these trolls get paid for doing it . 
  here 's an upvote . 
  it all started when ukrainians protested their corrupt leaders and they did n't want to join the shithole of poverty called russia , sorry , i do n't blame them . 
  we did it 25 years ago , and trust me everyone here hates russia and the misery they brought here for 50 years . 
  conquer ? 
  do you even know what that word means ? 
  it 's russia who is conquering its neighbors like it 's 1743, 
  it 's incredibly corrupt and the money does n't go where it should . 
  only education can put an end to this . 
  this would be a great opportunity for the eu to step in and prove it 's not antidemocratic , and actually stands up for the rights of europeans . 
  well you 're in the eu now so start working on it . 
  countries outside the eu can say whatever they want but we have to be smarter and never repeat history , like the russians now seem to be reverting to soviet times . 
  that 's their loss , but europeans can not afford being stuck in the 20th century . 
  because why bother learning french when you already know 13 words in english !, 
  honestly , anyone denying the crimes of communism or defending them or playing them down , should be criminally prosecuted like they do with holocaust deniers . 
  actually , ` sticking them ' into a museum is a [ great idea . 
  ] ( http://www.terrorhaza.hu/ ) it 's one way of beautifying a city and still preserve history . 
  those middle eastern sites and monuments were build thousands of years ago by people that are long gone and dead . 
  the difference is that communism is still recent history , with people here hugely affected by it , and also really personal for everyone here . 
  so hearing an outsider preaching about what we should do with the symbols of our shameful history , is disrespectful to say the least . 
  i am not going to argue because it 's a waste of time for me . 
  and the only clear thing here is that you 're extremely disrespectful and stubborn . 
  and if * you * were slightly more aware of history , we would n't need be having this conversation at all . 
  i do n't go commenting telling you how to deal with your shitty past with england violating you , as long as it helps recover from the trauma . 
  just curious , how old are you ? 
  so i guess the typical mistake you guys make is think that marx was the guy everyone is angry at , and his books were burned . 
  do you realize there were literally thousands of different books , travel books , adventure , even fucking science , all of this literature written for praising the communist system , and did n't hold any sort of literary value ? 
  they were empty shells painted red , and that 's what people were burning . 
  i 'm glad we did our part , too bad ukraine , moldova and russia have n't . 
  of course arguing with a person whose country was n't butt fucked by russians is like trying to explain string theory to a guy from medieval europe . 
  how many paid russians are on / r/europe nowadays ? 
  the mods should really ban these people, 
  maybe you should read a book or watch a few documentaries before opening your mouth . 
  the only barbarism here is your cluelessness, 
  all of the above . 
  but in my opinion the worst of it was that you had to worship a 19th century ideology like a religion , even if everyone knew it was wrong and fairy tales . 
  so all these pointless wrongs , crimes and horrors committed in the name of statues and books . 
  it was the dystopia you would n't wish for your worst enemies . 
  you fail to see things from the perspective of those that have done these actions . 
  if you are oppressed , your land stolen , your family home demolished , your brother imprisoned and tortured , all of this going on for 50 + years ( all of this happened to my aunt btw ) , and you do n't burn the books calling for such ideology when you first get the chance , you fucking suck at life and are very naive in general . 
  do n't compare actual history with cheap filth designed for oppression . 
  if you 've never lived under the horrors of communism , you have no fucking right to talk . 
  wanting to rid themselves of these horrors is more than understandable . 
  if you 'd ever lived under communist oppression , you 'd know what a truly sick , twisted society it produces . 
  it kills the personality of a nation , people live in constant paranoia of being reported and tortured if they say something in the wrong way . 
  it was literally hell on earth . 
  now why would any sane person keep any filth from this period of time ? 
  as soon as we got our independence , we 've burned every poisonous book and destroyed every lying statue there was . 
  in the hope that future generations are not poisoned by their presence . 
  because they are not even worth remembering . 
  wow , that sounds like prime russian troll misinformation . 
  i 'm fairly sure this guy gets paid in that internet troll office that was on the news . 
  [ i mean even his methodology is exactly the same . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/putin-kremlin-inside-russian-troll-house ), 
  well if you call [ sewage systems ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/only-half-of-romanians-have-centralized-sewage-system-while-household-water-consumption-up/28633/ ) a ` modern service ' then you 're right . 
  it may be impractical , but villages everywhere around western europe are just as developed and have the same services as cities have . 
  not to talk about the calm , air quality and lack of noise pollution in villages that humans over the age of 35 generally tend to prefer . 
  well i know 3 priests , two of which are orthodox , that are gay . 
  also , two young orthodox monks that live together at a manastire . 
  so you 're on to something there :p i guess it 's a way of escape for many gays , that are not accepted by society as who they are , so they need to lead some kind of solitary life that allows them more freedom . 
  if we celebrated same sex relationships like straight ones in disney movies , our society would be much , much healthier . 
  believe me , it 's not fun to get constantly reminded how shitty the situation is . 
  they know it well , and if they decided to stay maybe for them the benefits outweigh the problems . 
  i get people constantly telling me where i should live , including my sister , which is funny as well . 
  you do n't know many or you do n't know any ? 
  that 's a big difference because if you knew at least one as a friend/neighbor/co-worker you 'd know they 're average people . 
  strange , we also had similar discussions in my high school , but it was mostly pro-gay . 
  our biology teacher even told us a couple of classes why it 's wrong to hate/discriminate against gays . 
  what a fucking disgrace for a country that i once viewed as my ` motherland ' . 
  64 % same and i 'm even east european, 
  sometimes i think humanity is a failed species , because they do not achieve what they would be capable of . 
  okay , you do n't have to say personal insults , this is not the youtube comment section . 
  hmm i imagined someone along the lines of tusk ... 
  when it starts treating us as its citizens !, 
  and actually start protecting us , speaking out loud whenever one citizen is involved in any international incident . 
  then , it will start being great . 
  also , needs a badass president . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keep_calm_and_carry_on#/media/file:your_courage,_your_cheerfulness,_your_resolution_will_bring_us_victory.svg ), 
  great analysis !, 
  and great motivational posters . 
  you 're right . 
  because we live in an ever closer union . 
  aw these grateful refugees . 
  they demand to be taken in , the even cross illegally then they insult the nation that houses and feeds them . 
  i realize not all are like this , but still i think this also stems from a cultural difference . 
  most interesting : greece . 
  most boring : uk . 
   most interesting is ukraine russia pls, 
  i 'm sure within the next 10 years we 'll know whether it will happen in our lifetimes or not . 
  exactly , you 'd need to steal a lot more to nullify money laundering, 
  plz do n't leave, 
  so excited for the new season, 
  [ yours is so easy ] ( http://21stcenturykilts.com/templates/tfck/images/custom-header.jpg ),
