  you need to change they way these people think , having a strong judicial system and other governing systems in place is just not enough . 
  the people themselves need to have a will to change , and realize the mess they 're living in . 
  the french government should probably resign after this . 
  they totally failed to protect france , paris . 
  the only thing that should matter is the safety of french citizens , so if they could have stopped this attack in any way , they should have , and not be cowards . 
  a 100m tall cement wall around the eu would be a nice start . 
  secular dictatorship -  forced secular education of everyone -  2-3 generations pass -  tunisisa without a certain level of education , giving democracy to the middle east is ever going to result in them electing islamist leaders who then abolish democracy . 
  these terrorists are very well trained in every sense . 
  they also probably use super encryption , so no form of mass surveillance is going to detect them . 
  spying on platforms like whatsapp , skype , sms and random cellphone calls is only going to ever give false red flags , because no self respecting terrorist would use those . 
  well , we 've had 25 years since our revolution against communism and russia , and only now the fruits of those years of labor begin to grow . 
  so getting ukraine corruption-free will not happen by tomorrow , or next year . 
  it will take decades . 
  what complicates things more for ukraine though , is an ongoing war and a future direction that is still questionable . 
  but good luck . 
  actually , islamists did try to destroy them in the past , but they 've given up once they saw how much hard work it would require to demolish something so massive . 
  i 've barely seen any british tourists in egypt this summer . 
  it seemed like 80 % were russian , and it was quite annoying when every local greeted us in russian . 
  well , i 'm glad i 've visited egypt this summer  if there 's something that 's blatantly obvious that egypt should do , is mandatory 10 year education for its population . 
  it 's otherworldly that in 2015 30 % of the population is illiterate . 
  it means no matter which safe country you 're in , you can achieve great things if you put your head to it . 
  yeah i know . 
  we do n't simply have a generational difference between us and old people , it 's more like medieval and modern . 
  hey , i think any political move now against russia by the baltic states are welcome . 
  the world needs to hear and see your voice and your perspective , because ... well , ukraine was silent and underground , and then look what happened to them . 
  we need hope , otherwise we accept a shitty fate and the corrupts win . 
  last night 's protest was put together by hope . 
  that 's not really true tho . 
  maybe in bucharest you have to pay every doctor and bureaucrat , but where i 'm from it 's really rare and personally i 've never had to do it , or know of anyone that has had to bribe a doctor to receive medical attention . 
  even though i 've had plenty of `` opportunities '' to do it or be asked to do it . 
  the only place i 've ever been asked for a bribe was at the ukrainian border guards . 
  i 'm so glad croatia is finally in the eu btw, 
  it looks just as capable as google to me . 
  you just described r/cringepics, 
  the journey is n't safe , actually the people that take their kids with them are the irresponsible ones , because they made many kids die with them/for them . 
  basically anyone that has young kids is crazy to attempt this journey , and the kids should be taken away from them once/if they arrive and get asylum . 
  you 're like the misunderstood superhero that turns into a villain . 
  but do n't leave the federalist side , we have cookies !!, 
  to be fair , corruption is totally our shame and doing , and we deserve to be the laughing stock of the world for that . 
  let 's just not bite the hand that feeds . 
  i rather live in a shithole where i have the option to work in germany , than a shithole where i 'm caged in . 
  the real shame is that , this fence will not only keep migrants out , but also divide europe more . 
  the wall should be build on the outer-eu-schengen border at least . 
  that 's what i was thinking as well . 
  england has no place in europe . 
  edit : well y' all are downvoting me , but y' all are the ones so eager to leave , what the heck ? 
  i 'm not and thank the eu for everything this country has achieved in the past decade , including the anti-corruption fight . 
  i hope they get sanctioned . 
  which ones ? 
  great , all we need is more uneducated thieves and our own russian minority . 
  and when you think a shithole ca n't get any worse . 
  you 've got your short sad little island left . 
  that 's what we 're counting on . 
  we 'll let you get right to it , now we only want you gone . 
  maybe they 'll find someone else to union with . 
  maybe the usa . 
  that was a joke . 
  haha . 
  fat chance . 
  i just do n't want to touch anything coming from [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byuqwb6pnx8 ) places , and probably everything in your country gets produced like that , thanks to unregulated capitalism , so thanks but no thanks . 
  considering how much young educated and talented people we 've lost , i 'm only glad there wo n't be another country where they work hard and still be humiliated . 
  i 'm not even angry . 
  i 'm being so sincere right now . 
  at least it 's not falsifying and cheating its way in the markets . 
   and that 's why we have to keep talking about that , as friends , '' merkel said so she 's breaking up with us ? 
  how much time do you think will it take to have politicians that work for us as well , not just for their pockets ? 
  because i ca n't wait a generation . 
  wtf is up with all the identical comments ? 
  lol, 
  who ? 
  maybe if your government spent less money on spying on the world and military action , instead protect its people and tax corporations , you 'd have more money to spend on sane and humane projects . 
  what a cunt . 
  a perfect representative for its people . 
  are n't border fences within schengen illegal ? 
   your perspective seems highly skewed towards personal experiences , it really is n't , you 're the one attacking my persoanlity, 
  i never said anything about one nationality being better than the other . 
  we 're all genetically the same anyway . 
  the problem is with culture and education ( or lack of education ) , work ethics , etc. 
  you would understand what i meant if you chose a random hungarian small town and lived in it for a few weeks . 
  then compare it to a town here that 's the same size . 
  ... and yet migrants are now crossing it illegally without being stopped . 
  surprise !, 
  we have entire villages without electricity . 
  most people in the country do n't have running water in their homes , that 's how weak and pathetic the government is . 
  we are nowhere near hungary 's level of seriousness and cleanliness . 
  this problem of cultural corruption also wo n't go away in a few years . 
  maybe in 50 . 
  until then , we wo n't have secure borders . 
  i 've heard munich is good . 
  yes , a century of thievery and corruption in transylvania ... a true victory for locals , we 're so happy they came, 
  maybe to help them change their minds , the exact opposite is needed . 
  let them see the outside world . 
  because maybe now , they are oblivious to their own misery . 
  an underpass in the city center where i live was about 23 years behind schedule and under construction . 
  please just do n't complain to me, 
  i 'm continuously shocked at what utopias some western/nordic countries are . 
  good for you guys , 
  my turkish friends said on the night of the coup , that this was all orchestrated by edrogan himself . 
  now , i 'm starting to believe them . 
  there 's more drama here than on a gay wedding,
