the only country that should be facing legal action are ukraine and malaysia . 
  why would they let a civilian plane fly over a war zone ? 
  why do n't they use this option in spain where you get arrested for filming police violations , or in the uk where a tweet can land you in prison ? 
  are n't those human rights violations ? 
  most confusing post ever, 
  no , they will have to stay and hand allllllllll their sovereignty to the eu muhahahahaha, 
  i still do n't know why we ca n't simply hold a referendum on this issue , and see everyone 's stance and get to a common ground . 
  maybe get other european issues there as well , like a unified army . 
  let the people decide . 
  you know , you need to realize how much the media lies , all over the world . 
  i was shocked to see how reporters and journalists twisted facts when they were doing documentaries here . 
  you have no idea until the same thing happens to you , and then you 'll see the world , even in politics , is not so black and white as they write it to the simple minds . 
  this whole thing about orban was sensationalism and clickbait . 
  do you think politicians in the west are somehow different or less power hungry ? 
  or complete saints with no wrong decisions ? 
  when i was in london and saw the muslim slums , i was glad at least our leaders have a backbone to defend our country . 
  if you think immigrant ghettos are not ruining cities , you live in fantasyland . 
  i love femen . 
  they do n't wait for others to protect their rights , and put a bit of ` reality ' into these groups where one-sidedness rules . 
  whether it 's politicians , f1 racing events , or imams that dehumanize girls/people . 
  it 's usually alcoholics that do that . 
  are you friends with him on facebook ? 
  but more importantly , why are you drinking alone ? 
  is that the only thing you find wrong with my observation ? 
  that girl on picture 20 looks like she 's 12 and already with a baby and abusive husband . 
  what a bloated article . 
  there are 2 lines of ` news ' , the rest is opinion and wikipedia . 
  that would be actually a neat idea , a pan-european election on the migrant issue . 
  only the migrants . 
  it was a joke , eh, 
  they 're running away from isis and the terrorists that murdered their families and bombed their cities . 
  but first , let me take a selfie ~ ~ ~, 
  except christians do n't wear ninja outfits for starters . 
  yes , the difference between austria and hungary paled compared to the one between hu-ro . 
  i 'm just traveling around in hungary . 
  as we cross the border between romania and hungary , you can very clearly see a sharp divide between east and west . 
  the houses are bigger , people friendlier , calmer and polite , streets well maintained and clean , parks beautiful and trimmed grass everywhere . 
  these are just the superficial things , the dividing cuts are way deeper and in every sense . 
  i have already noticed this divide the first time , about 15 yeats ago when i came here , but each time i come back it is always there and so eye catching . 
  of course theire is nothing good in poverty and misery and seeing all the youth abandon the country . 
  anyone that says so has never traveled abroad . 
  on hungary 's behalf : hungary was fed up with the soviet-imposed communist government , [ and started the infamous 1956 revolution . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956 ) as to be expected , it did not end well for the hungarians , as the [ soviets sent tanks and murdered everyone opposing them . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956#soviet_intervention_of_4_november ), 
  he looks like one of our cheap local faggots . 
  ( ~ not as in gay ), 
  i actually did n't know that and was a bit terrified , so thanks for explaining !, 
   cum political strategist a what ? 
  are prices up ? 
  pics or it did n't happen . 
  `` bigger , longer and uncut '' ... okay, 
  like somebody was begging them to come !, 
  [ apparently !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myxobdbzccq ), 
  what is he , then ? 
  i guess you 've got your answer . 
  public apathy is a big thing in russia , so i 've heard . 
  i think it means five turks are rolling in eternal blissfulness with five greeks . 
  what are judging mulims ? 
  dude , bucharest is a dirty smelly lazy hellhole compared to cluj . 
  i 've lived in both . 
  it is known ~, 
  and what do you need for civilized people ? 
  education . 
  people do n't really know this , but education in egypt is not obligatory , and a huge number of the population ca n't even read or write . 
  how can you have democracy in a country of illiteracy ? 
  you ca n't . 
  that 's why all these attempts at democracy fail in these countries . 
  the population does n't know how to support itself , it was n't educated to do so . 
  + hungarian . 
  oh god he sounds like a menstruating 13 year old . 
  grow the fuck up, 
  yes , and they do n't give a shit how they are labeled , just like europe should n't . 
  hahaha , mark my words , turkey wo n't be in nato 10-15 years from now . 
  turkey will be kicked out sooner or later . 
  actors, 
  that video is proven to be a fake tho, 
  naaaaa !, 
  the eu already allows free travel . 
  schengen means no border checks . 
  are we becoming america ? 
  but scotland will !!, 
  i think these economic troubles will keep happening until there is a proper fiscal union . 
  and the leaders know this . 
  pls do it  then post it here . 
   `` i will be executed , '' tv2 quotes him as having previously said about a return to morocco . 
  do n't worry , it 's just a taste of your own medicine . 
  here people put cotton in their ears , you can see a lot of them on buses . 
  we 're so afraid of air currents . 
  but how can they reform when nobody wants a fiscal union ? 
  you say reform , make it stronger , but also screaming for less eu ? 
  you have to choose 1 . 
  oh please , if we had a vote on everything , especially things that are this complicated and even economists have a hard time understanding it , women still would n't have the right to vote . 
  i was watching ut in egypt on holiday , it 's an interesting channel but seemed pretty naive and . . sad/desperate . 
  everyone around us was russian though . 
  my mum is from a village , yet her family would never live in such disgusting conditions , it 's all a matter of will . 
  you may be poor , but you can still make it look acceptable and clean up your shit . 
  nevertheless we are not poor anymore thank god . 
  happy bday !, 
  america knows how to integrate new arrivals , europe does n't .
