  it 's ironic how a politician that has been called an ` extremist ' is now doing more for a democratic europe than the eu . 
  his speech is great . 
  the eu is not some peace keeping fluffy butterfly anymore . 
  it is very much political and should be responsible for its citizens . 
  google gives that with every name search result, 
  i meant that for the writer of your anthem ( which may be disrespectful but fuck it he 's dead and so is nationalism ), 
  since the dawn of civilization ? 
  [ seriously ? 
   an american carol \u2192 big fat important movie how european of you . 
  excuse me ? 
  how the fuck can you travel to a whole different continent and still not a have a clue ? 
  europeans-travel-freely-we-don ` t-have-borders but i doubt that 'd helped cause it feels like explaining quantum physics to a monkey . 
  i predict all of the talented and highly educated europeans leaving britain for ireland instead in search for a more stable european country . 
  ireland would benefit by far if brexit happened , and good for them , 
  lol what a loser . 
  you 're just jealous we get to travel freely and democratically within our continent while you have to present 30.000 documents and 10.000 stamps to your us overlords if you dare to lay your eyes on it . 
   nor is it going to be even possible to erect enough fences to stop migrants . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way . 
  i was talking about the austro-hungarian empire but okay, 
  nope it was n't ruled , it was a partnership . 
  the rulers were from both countries . 
  nothing like the banana republic that was moldova and oltenia under the turks . 
  no , i mean people would probably vote for less migrants , and then the talk would be about how to stop them from coming and border control , not how to accommodate the entire africa, 
  good . 
  at this point , even if the eu fails , returning to borders and national currencies seems absurd . 
  these are basic features of europe now , and while we can be grateful for the eu , we have to admit that what it has evolved into today - slow , lazy , undemocratic and often a burden . 
  so it needs a complete restructuring , one way or the other . 
  i thought the eu was democratic enough but now i realize we need direct democracy . 
  they would get totally replaced there , and there would be actual competition for the political parties so they would n't be so lazy and slow . 
  nice costumes !, 
  they could do fashion shows !, 
  europe needs more of this tbh and less word wars , 
  burn . 
  omg it 's the same widespread mentality in hungary , which is quite scary !, 
  for some reason tho , it has completely avoided romania !, 
  now if you link all these points together ... the source of these conspiracy theories should point you at one country , angry and corrupt and losing power by the day , and has vowed to take europe down with it . 
  i remember how almost everyone in my flat hoarded empty plastic bottles , and they were multi-use , like plant a flower in them or use it as a funnel . 
  at some point in the late 90 's , our basement space was all filled up with empty plastic bottles , and then we decided not to keep them anymore . 
  but my mom still hoards plastic bags , and we have like 2 drawers full of them . 
  and she still scolds me whenever i try throwing one away . 
  my family has just discovered pomegranate so the learning is never over ... 
   the eu would stop them [ :3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5e7fejhw0 ), 
  90 % of the human population ? 
  are you high ? 
  how is sour cream a ` local oddity ' ? 
  it 's the best thing ever !, 
  i meant it as a metaphor , because i thought you talked like someone who has n't stepped out of their village in their entire lives . 
  if you would , you 'd know that hungary 's problems ! = romania 's problems . 
  but i was wrong to presume you 're from a village , i 'm sorry . 
  now i know that you 're from the mountains instead , because no matter how hard i try to communicate , you speak some other language . 
  and since metaphors are learned about somewhere in 5th or 6th grades , well , i hope you have a safe trip to kindergarten up there in the mountains . 
  no there are n't , there are too many apathetic turds happy with kissing ass . 
  if there were more cunts like me , roma would n't be the 3rd world dump it is today . 
  you should step outside your village sometimes . 
  oh wait , you just did . 
  i think i saw you on [ tv . 
  i really hate romania , i 'm so fed up with its primitive , inpatient , unkind , unhelpful pigs everywhere . 
  ca n't wait to leave this shithole of a place . 
  the day-to-day grumpiness and passive aggressive attitudes of people is killing me slowly u.u, 
  political parties in hungary , or indeed any sort of government organization , is much , much less corrupt than the same in romania . 
  in hungary , it 's been a long standing tradition for decades ( probably since the 60 's ) that the truly talented and competent people get the job . 
  they never had romania 's problem of rampant nepotism and corruption . 
  so , in their defense , they have much less reasons to doubt a party 's intentions than we do . 
  so , just add a color filter to them . 
  i just want some translations . 
  this is amazing . 
  happy holidays estii !, 
  the whole city seems to be under construction and laying down pipes !, 
  omg i loved milagros ... 
  it 's not only the romanians they are upsetting . 
  every sane hungarian is against those racist fucks as well . 
  you 're totally right , even if you 're being downvoted . 
  it is absolutely the government 's fault they are not integrated . 
  this could be solved in big terms , by keeping them in school and taking kids away from parents if the kids drop out . 
  taking away the kids that are put out to beg is a no-brainer in itself . 
  lol , uk politicians are mentally deranged satan worshipping pedos , what did you expect . 
  at least that 's what reddit told me . 
  it 's the environment 's fault as well . 
  shame on the parents who teach their kids hatred , no matter ethnicity . 
  fuck the church and fuck your religion . 
  you 're the only one that 's a puppet , a puppet of the corrupt church . 
  if you find any similarities between this and what you 've linked you 're blind . 
  another thing . 
  you do n't just build 19th century stuff anymore , for one thing is because it 's 19th century and has no place in the 21st century as a new building . 
  this is architecture 101 , not something subjective , and honestly , your opinions do n't matter here . 
  it 's a lot prettier than the vomit inducing london skyline anyway . 
  also , what 's with you infecting this thread ? 
  why is europe so pathetic and weak ? 
  half a billion people , a continent , and we ca n't even secure our borders ? 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  making a martyr out of a low income person when the corporations suing him steal millions in tax evasion ? 
  let 's see the owners of these corporations being humiliated like this !, 
  you know , economic success is the best kind of victory . 
  i 'm sure russia with its corruption and oligarchs would n't reach the prosperity of a democratic , serious nation . 
  you should take the second photos at the exact same locations as in 2003 !, 
  then post the comparisons to r/europe !, 
  and elena udrea was a fucking strip club dancer, 
  that , and also education . 
  i 've been to egypt this summer , and boy , do they live in misery . 
  i am convinced it is due to their lack of perspective , that a school should have given them .
