  more like  ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) and i hate it so much, 
  oh please , only idiots watch the pro-corruption media . 
  wait till you see all the trains then !, 
  they 're like rolling street exhibitions . 
  i 'm traveling to egypt next week , how is it ? 
  well they 're just doing what other eastern states have done 15-20 years ago , namely securing pride and some minimal assurance they 're headed in the right direction . 
  what 's europedev ? 
  oh is it finally happening ? 
  one by one , the corrupts are falling as this country is cleansed from all the dirt . 
  the priest is `` riding '' him so it 's not a clever punishment ... 
  it is highly irresponsible to just leave them there . 
  at least they should be explained the laws and culture of europe ... 
  yes , the laws , sadly i do n't think these people got a proper education and releasing them `` wild '' will only create this . 
  conflicts and fights . 
  thanks . 
  then what is ? 
  they arguably had the anti-communist bloody revolution in 1956 ( before it was cool ) ; after that change was gradual , not as sudden as in 1990 for most countries . 
  i kind of hope he was goofy . . 
  too soon ... 
  what what , in the butt, 
  sorry but on google street view i could not see a difference between the enclave and lithuania . 
  is it actually that different ? 
  what is this ? 
  i actually do n't want more autonomy on ethnic bases , only in a regional sense . 
  hungarians/szekelys live in peace with romanians and gypsies here more or less . 
  so , what i said is more autonomy for regions on a european level , so nobody should complain about nationalism anymore . 
  sweet dreams , right ? 
  i hope not . 
  the problem with kosovo is that they never had proper and functioning institutions , while in romania the situation is getting better . 
  europe is a continent that has seen a lot more wars and territorial conflicts in its recent history than any other continent . 
  why would a europe of regions be so bad , all under a supranational union ? 
  the only reason romania did n't recognize kosovo is because they 're scared shitless if it would happen with transylvania too . 
  although everyone knows that 's impossible and silly . 
  nevertheless , it would be preferable for europe to be broken up in smaller regions with more autonomy , and be done with nationalism of all kind once and for all . 
  baby do n't sink me, 
  are there really so many retards in the uk that ca n't read a question ? 
  the beauty of europe sometimes makes my eyes watery . 
  god i hated that movie and could n't watch it till the end . 
  why is it funny to see your country humiliated ? 
  any foreigner that sees the movie wo n't get the sarcasm . 
  i really enjoyed [ `` spring '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3395184/ ) 2014 , although i think it 's an american production , 99 % of it is set in italy with italian actors ... and it 's indie, 
  omg [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lndmbtgxnai ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jufxbhdsk9s&amp;feature=youtu.be ) gives me a feeling like they 're secret lovers , juncker wants to make it public and orban is like `` hush hush '', 
  by showing them a map ? 
  and each new country will add a word to it ? 
  i have seen a serbian film once ... 
  it would be kind of terrifying if our economy was * mostly * dependent on these auto manufacturers ' yearly achievements . 
  that would be the definition of a banana republic . 
   romania , whose economy relies mostly on car exports from renault sa and ford motor co. for growth , . . okay . . 
  lebanon is a christian country tho ... or at least the majority is , and they hate muslims . 
  yet they took in over 1 million of them . 
  so they 're not bound yet they 're still bitchin ' ? 
  slow news week ? 
  in halal or whatever it 's called , the animal is made to [ suffer and die slowly . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dp3ytcps2a ) bon appetite !, 
  no more conspiracy theories greece pls, 
  somebody should write this article . 
  9 months pregnant ? 
  yeah , let 's go on the most dangerous journey ever crossing the sea in a cramped sinking fishing boat . 
  i hope they will grant asylum to snowden and the rest of the heroes . 
  now kiss, 
  i think the difference is that in the us muslims consider themselves ` american ' , while in france they 're not french and these laws are trying to make them assimilate more . 
  do n't blame them , if they do n't want to become england . 
  a nose job in albania ? 
  okay ... 
  so strange, 
  i work at a school in a class with a majority of gypsy kids , most of them attend classes and go to school and try their best . 
  they 're no different from romanians here . 
  the ones that beg are poor kids whose parents do n't allow them to go to school in the first place , and they ca n't even write . 
  oh god no we do n't need more slavs i 'm suffocatiiiiiing, 
  they 're fucked up . 
  sometimes only an autistic person needs arguments . 
  it 's funny how in hungary the extreme right party jobbik means `` the right '' , but it should actually be called '' the wrong '' because they 're fucked up, 
  [ yes there is ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_greens_%28poland%29 ), 
  why do n't they just vote for the greens or pirate party ? 
  at least they have plans for change in the * right * direction . 
   + there is no ~ ~ french ~ ~ european politician at the moment that seems to have both charisma and a vision for europe ftfy . 
  europe needs churchill 2.0, 
  this should totally be a thing . 
  wow they 're amateurs.how the he 'll do they expect to evade justice , if not journalists ? 
  in 10 years when hungary gets back to its senses ? 
  holy fuck you sound like a russian bully, 
  you 're attacking him as a person which is not welcomed here on this subreddit . 
  go to youtube with such comments . 
  it could go both ways !, 
  but i fear the latter . 
  we should do this , otherwise [ this will happen ] ( http://australia.news.net/article/2886262/armed-migrant-smugglers-threatened-italian-coast-guard ) more and more , with the whole world laughing at europe . 
  if we let smugglers threaten us and these migrants die because we do n't dare come up with more drastic solutions , we deserve our fate the world tells us we have . 
  kind of where the middle east is now . 
  we can and we must . 
  yes it would, 
  the american company that wanted to level a mountain and destroy a world heritage site for opening a gold mine , and using cyanide to extract it will finally be able to sue our government and poison the environment and water supply . 
  it does n't help that i live 20 km from the site either . 
  but even if the ttip passes , we will still be on the streets and destroy all the mining equipment we can . 
  legal or not , we do n't want a big corporation giving cancer to the locals as we see rich farts getting richer from the misery of others . 
  the tragedy here is that public will is not strong and romanians can still be pushed around by anyone foreign . 
  you are completely right here -- celebrating the person who committed genocide and war crimes should n't really be allowed to appear on any kind of advertising . 
  then again , if things there would work how we imagine to be fair , there would n't be a ukraine crisis in the first place . 
  if russia today acknowledged stalin 's crimes like germany did hitler 's , that would be the case . 
  there surely have to be cctv tapes which have captured these people who have posted these notes on multiple locations . 
  they should be arrested and charged with attempted terrorism .
