  that would be hilarious :p, 
  [ starting with protecting our children . 
  sorry , i was thinking of eu members rather than europe , forgot to mention it . 
  they look like hipster dj 's on a gay cruise ship . 
  who knew they 'd look so fashionable in 2015 ? 
  tbh everything west of romania ( in the eu ) is first world in my eyes . 
  when you cross the border , there 's a huge contrast . 
  we 've once learned in class about a hungarian nobleman that married a 4 year old girl . 
  can not unhorror . 
  in soviet israel , today learns you !, 
  i 'm pretty sure erdogan has his own harem by now . 
  i deleted it  best feeling ever . 
  it 's mostly filled with brain dead people posting 90 % of links anyway . 
  this needs to happen . 
  maybe the eu should n't meddle with countries that are explicitly pro-russian . 
  except jobbik is not under fidesz 's control . 
  it 's called the stockholm syndrome . 
  exactly , you prove my point about the quality of english reporting . 
  [ sensationalism sells . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwpdazpnk7k ) sorry about my tone , i got worked up . 
  wow i 've never read so much bullshit in a long time . 
  the free common market encourages competitiveness , if anything . 
  greece 's problems lay in corruption and their government 's failure to act on many of its problems , which go back decades . 
  so much bullshit and misinformation can only come from a russian or an english person . 
  i 've no idea why they 're enemies , since their medias go hand in hand nowadays , sensationalism and poor journalism . 
  he 's a sexy butt pirate , 
  lol you 're too digitally illiterate to even know what that means , how on earth did you even find reddit ? 
  your indian boss at the factory will be really unhappy to find out you 've been slacking off today though, 
  i tagged you as ` human trash ' . 
  whatever . 
  it worked out just fine for us when in 1989 we overthrew the communist dictators and killed them with a firing squad , sending them and their communist statues and ideas straight down the toilet where they belong . 
  there is no point arguing with you when you are coming up with attacks that even romania has proven totally wrong . 
  keep being ignorant about other countries around you , good job . 
    fails to report this thread 's topic on every channel ( not ) you know , there are at least 2 sides to every story , so it depends a lot on the viewpoint of the reporting . 
    go overthrow your own , next time you see a social problem around [ we actually did ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/04/romanian-government-resigns-nightclub-fire-victor-ponta ) , recently . 
  getting new leaders often ( as often as it 's needed ) at least gives us chances to chose which ones we need , and some of them actually make progress and positive changes , albeit slowly so far . 
  keeping the same ones for decades will give you an absolute 0 chance of reform . 
  so there 's that . 
  yes . 
  this is the apathy i was talking about . 
  i mean the way you address the problem tells me there is no will to solve it in the first place . 
  maybe the corrupt owned media tells these lies of hopelessness . 
  you will be convinced when in 20 years , ukraine and all of the former communist countries will be much better off than russia , with the ` unsolvable ' corruption problem . 
  i do n't know man , but romania is currently murdering all the corrupts out of power , and society is n't falling apart ... on the contrary , it has never been better . 
  so if we can do it i do n't know why a country like russia with a proud history is still getting robbed every day , and the people seem so apathetic , it 's just sad . 
  so if they blame it on the government , why do n't they hate it and want to overthrow it and kick all the old corrupts out of the system ? 
  that would be the next logical step . 
  there is a big difference in reality too . 
  driving back to romania felt like entering a first world country last summer . 
  the only way to know is to see for yourself  prices are craaaazy cheap , we got a luxury hotel in the middle of town with royal service for a few ten euros . ( !!!! ), 
  that 's such bullshit , only the corrupt pigs say that b4 getting arrested so the peasants get scared, 
  if you think we are defensive , you should talk to a brit, 
  sad to hear . 
  i hope things will turn better soon . 
  thanks for the replies , 
  do you feel like this change has really happened ? 
  or do people generally talk about attitudes at all ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  the only difference between ukraine 's and romania 's old situation is that here people were/are very optimistic and enthusiastic about eu and western europeans and everything they stand for , they have always been viewed as a role model for romania , while in ukraine people seemed really ... well , not-so enthralled by the west and many view them as a threat of some sort . 
  ( or with general unease and distrust ) we were even looked down on and i felt arrogance while talking and meeting some of them , some shop keepers even used a sort of pejorative term `` magyarsky '' when i could only talk to them in english ( the hungarian minority 's situation there is something horrible ) . 
  this sort of attitude would never happen to a foreigner in romania because the vast majority of locals like foreigners interested enough to visit us , no matter where from . 
  the border guard made fun of my weathered wallet , well i could have made fun about ukraine 's economy and situation but decided to shut up . 
  so the apathetic attitude just reminded me of russian culture , and i guess if you do n't have a population with hope and determination to be like the west , it wo n't really happen either . 
  maybe what they need is some visa liberalization so they can actually travel and see how prosperous their neighbors have become . 
  sorry for the rant !, 
  what the actual fuck, 
  hogwarts should apply for some eu funds to upgrade their mailing system, 
  i 'm sure my owl just got lost on its way somewhere . 
  i 've never had it . 
  `` your '' women ? 
  they are not cattle . 
  european union , we do what we must , because , we can . 
  for the good of all of us except the ones who have left but there 's no sense crying over every mistake we 'll just keep on uniting 'till we run out of cake, 
  go ahead and leave the eu , take all the third world [ pakistani child molesters ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsrh09llsbi ) , the only thing eastern europeans are blowing up in ireland is the economic growth :p, 
  you 've got your short sad little island left that 's what we 're counting on you 're someone else 's problem now we only want you gone !, 
  you should probably check out italy/spain/portugal , which are actually developed countries . 
  the weather here may be nice most of the times , but the old communist architecture and newtrash architecture makes everything depressing . 
  really love these old photo posts !, 
  and those streets look so clean like a studio !, 
  australia would have a million refugees too if it did n't implement its policy . 
  maybe it is too late now for europe , but if in the beginning all the illegal migrants would have been returned ( not necessarily to turkey , but somewhere further away like yemen ) , do you think they would still line up to come in the thousands ? 
  do you think they would cut border fences every day , thousands of them , just to get deported to yemen ? 
  they would n't and we would n't be having millions of them flooding the continent . 
  some european leaders think they are so morally superior , they will show the world how humanitarian they are , and in their arrogant fantasies they are indirectly murdering all those migrants they want to protect , by encouraging them to cross the sea , and rewarding those who make it illegally . 
  an external fence + the pacific solution that australia has would solve the problem . 
  make an eu legislation that any illegal migrants on eu territory will be deported to a 3rd country and processed there . 
  implementing this 3 years ago would have saved europe all the trouble it now sees . 
   authorities in hungary say that at its peak in september as many as 10,000 migrants were crossing into the country . 
  that stopped when viktor orban 's government decided to build a razor-wire barrier , first on the border with serbia and then with croatia . 
  the results are striking . 
  while other countries in the region continue to see the arrival of hundreds of a day -- even during colder weather -- hungary is getting just a trickle . 
  and everyone was saying how fences would never work . 
  now , instead of one fence around the eu borders , we 'll have every country building their own fence with every neighbor , because they were too stubborn to accept reality in good time . 
  if there had been one unified response , it should have been an external fence . 
  but some countries thought they were above such barbarisms as defending their borders and citizens . 
  do n't worry man , they 're all just jelly you got dem upvotes . 
  let it out :-), 
  that is an amazing experience . 
  sort of like north korea , except less fake and scarier . 
  because corruption , mafia , and useless government .
