no no i get it , just wanted to clear it out, 
  my dane friend says you can say danish to a guy from denmark although it 's usually for more than one , `` 2 danes who come from danish lands '', 
  you also say danish right ? 
  maybe that 's why both of our countries are in recession haha, 
  it 's the amount of time there 's sunlight per day , translated to `` lenght of your day '' which depends and variates on the location of your city , and the timezone used there , for example , right now in glasgow , scotland , the sun sets up around 6:00 , and sets down at 21:00 , while here in barcelona , at 5:00 o'clock more or less you can already see the sky going blue , and it does n't get full dark until 22:00 , because we 're further down south , plus the range keeps going wider until august , where it 's freaking 23:00 in the night and there 's still plenty of light . 
  during winter , the longest nights we have go from 18:00 to 8:00 in the morning . 
  ( also because we change the clock ), 
  i said we have longer daylight , not longer monthlight !, 
  yes , yes , we take whistles into the tube and use them just to annoy people ... 
  yeah , in spain we have longer daylight , so we have lunch around 13:00 -14:00 and have diner between 20:00 and 21:00 , seeing other people dining at 17:00 is crazy to us ; and yes , many of my friends study in belgium , i do n't know why there in particular, 
  relax , mate , nobody is judging, 
  i never actually realized until a german and a danish joined my flat , never noticed it, 
  sorry to hear that , we do n't do it on purpose , it 's just in our country if you do n't yell , people do n't listen to you, 
  you 're right , as a spaniard who lives with 2 vikings , the first thing they told me and our other spaniard roomate : `` you guys are sooo loud '', 
  the same happens here in spain , every supermarket 's entrance has its own romanian beggar , people do n't usually give them money though , they give them food or clothes , since we `` know '' they are ran by some kind of beggar mafia ... 
  i 'd love to see an explanation on how they bring them and put them straight to beg , it 'd be nice to help them getting out of that circle, 
  unemployment is our biggest issue right now , of course , but that does n't make it the worst economy in the south , i 've lived here my whole life but most of my family is from italy and they still are there , i know both economic climates and you can tell from far away that spain is in better shape than all of them italy , portugal , and greece economicly speaking . 
  spain is absolutely full of italian inmigrants , yet it 's really hard to find spaniards in italy , there you have a huge indicator . 
  still , we 're all fucked up nevertheless , i 'm just saying spain is `` the least fucked up '' although we 're always the first to be mentioned in the media . 
  why is it always greece and spain the first to be mentioned on this ? 
  although the mediterranean is fucked up , spain in the south line is the one in best economic shape right now ... 
  alright , you guys win, 
  i know that probably op chose the `` good pictures '' to show here , but still , fuck me mate , those women ... 
  bronson ( 2009 ) , biographic film about britain 's most violent prisoner , it 's weird ( kinda clockwork orange weird ) , but tom hardy 's performance is sublime . 
  well i never felt awkward but yes , it 's strange , i actually loved it , that was the moment i understood american films where the guy just walks up to a random girl in a bar and just by introducing himself he starts a conversation , every time we see these things in europe we think : come on !, 
  there 's no way you can get a girl in a bar like that ! , and it 's true , here you need some reason , like `` excuse me , what 's that that you ordered ? 
  it looks nice '' and then maybe , just maybe you can engage a conversation, 
  haha well , we do n't smile at people all the time like idiots , i 'm talking about when you `` cross eyes '' , you just smile and back to your business but for example , in usa apparently is normal to start a conversation with any stranger without any kind of pretext , in spain we do n't do that , it 's like you must have some reason to talk in order to do so , you ca n't just be waiting for the bus and go `` hi , i 'm john !, 
  '' , which is something i found really strange when i went to the us, 
  of course !, 
  i understand it perfectly , i 'm not saying that 's a bad thing , i just think it 's funny , because what here in south is considered normal , apparently somewhere else is uncomfortable . 
  for instance , i 've been living with swedish and norwegian people , needless to say you can imagine how awkward they felt at first living with a couple of mediterraneans , our way of interacting , talking , is really invasive to vikings , to us they just seem a bit weird , kinda like scared of human contact ; but the thing that totally blew my mind away once was the swedish girl doing this :  - me chillin in my room ( which is next to the main door to the flat )  - swedish girl walks up to this door , she 's off to work  - me : ey !, 
  how are you ? 
  off to work ? 
   - she : yes , i 'm in a hurry , bye !, 
   - she proceeds to open the door  - as she does this , she sees the door across the hall opening as well , it 's our neighbor  - she quickly shuts the door again and stands there , kinda listening to the noise in the hall  - me : look at her from my room , ask her what she 's doing  - she looks at me , says nothing , looks through the peephole of the door  - keeps standing there for a couple of minutes in silence , until the neighbor is gone  - proceeds to tell me again she 's in a hurry and ca n't talk , leaves  - me : what.the.fuck ? 
  you see ? 
  this is fuckin funny to us , if you run into your damned neighbor you say hello , you ask him how are things and talk about the weather or the family as you walk down the stairs together , it 's basic social skills to us , and if you 're southern and do n't do it , we think you 're weird . 
  if you 're a northern guy , then we just think `` meh , vikings , they 're like that '', 
  in spain we say hi to the driver , we talk , talk on the phone , if you need to , you ask , and the most common and powerful habit in spain , we stare the fuck out of each other smiling , specially if you 're a good looking person . 
  for fuck sake , social manners bring life , no wonder all the vikings who come here behave like some kind of permanently-awkward-autistic kid, 
  that 's a good point , still , i refuse to buy what they tell us , they sell us this `` we have an identity , we have a culture , we deserve to choose '' and i agree with all that mostly , but the true interest behind all that crap is nothing but money , and people actually believe that this is some sort of `` identity definition & determination '' , when what our leaders actually care about is `` la pela '' , if you want the independence , at least be clear on why you want it for , do n't trick your people into buying your lies . 
  i agree , i do n't think it 'll be worse either , i just think it wo n't change anything to the normal people , it will only benefit those in the power . 
  i just do n't believe in that `` if we become a single nation , everything will be better '' , specially with the politicians we have , whenever someone hates on madrid saying : `` oh , yeah , madrid puts tolls here , we 're the only region who pays for public roads twice , screw spain '' i just think it 's bullshit , artur mas actually said that the tolls , the higher taxes , and pretty much every little thing that annoys catalan people , is all pulled by our own generalitat , spanish government has nothing to do with those things , so it 's like being a sheep and ask to replace the current `` wolf in charge '' for another similar wolf , he 's gon na eat us anyway . 
  what ? 
  i 'm catalan , not particulary for independence , but if most catalan people want to choose , let them choose , it 's supposed to be a democracy , i 'd vote for the no , but what the hell , if the people want it , so be it . 
  i think in spain , basque or galician is quite more a minority language than catalan , if you count the whole eastern speakers ( valencia , mallorca , etc ) , it 's spoken by many millions . 
  typical double-standard `` oh , you come from a poor country but do n't learn my language ? 
  gtfo ! '', 
  `` oh , you do n't speak my language but you come from a rich country , and you 're retiring here ? 
  please , let me exempt you of taxes and suck your cock ! '', 
  +3 m british/german living in spain ( retired ) , barely 30 % speak a decent spanish . 
  government wants to get rid of the other 10 milion who come from poor countries and work their asses off . 
  spaniards do n't know anything about portuguese , we make fun of ourselves or sometimes the french . 
  yeah like we had any money to care about, 
  well , you do n't have to care but it 's certainly gon na be much more useful if you know the second most-spoken language in the world , even if you do n't intend to go to the americas, 
  i know ... but even though they officially exist in italian , they do n't use them , i 'm sure they do use them in dialects , since there 's a lot of them , but it also happens with spanish dialects like catalan , or at least i believe so , no one from italy has corrected me so far, 
  if they exist , i do n't think they use them , they have some consonant sounds we do n't have and the other way around , but i speak a very decent italian and never heard a vowel different from ours, 
  haha , i guess you must be `` native '' to understand it , although it depends on the dialect and who speaks it , of course , my family is italian and it 's really funny to see me asking them about particular words that i assume they 're different in italian , and are exactly the fuckin same , this happens like 1.000 times a day , - ey , how do you say in italian `` manicomio '' ( madhouse ) grandfather - we say it like this : manicomio, 
  aye , spanish ( and italian as well ) have a really simple pronunciation , 5 vowel sounds , we say it as we read , french/portuguese are latin but really phonetic , so you can read `` aux '' , but you must say '' \u00f4h '' , looks fucked up to us, 
  mate , that was perfectly convenient obviously they 're not the same language but yeah , if we speak slowly to each other we understand pretty much everything . 
  y' all guys should learn spanish , 24 nations speak it and once you know it you can understand italian !, 
  i 'm gon na agree with my fellow countryman and say spain and italy are two really similar nations in general , french ( or portuguese ) understand us but we do n't understand them , between italians and spaniards we understand each other ( although it depends on the dialects ) , we share history as a single country together in the past , the average citizen kinda looks the same to northern people ( i 've been taken for italian several times ) , and we `` connect '' when we meet each other , like our lifestyles are really close , we can connect with british , germans , or french , but not at the same level as with italians . 
  of course this is just my opinion , i guess not everybody feels the same way . 
  they look good , but i do n't understand what is the problem with the 50cm front wheel , does it need a bigger effort because of that ? 
  well i do n't know any other system but i never had any problem with those ones , of course since barcelona has ups and downhills it 's harder to ride it towards the mountains but the 3 gears work fine for me , what bikes would you use for it ? 
  ca n't , not allowed :p, 
  i love this , i do n't even own a bike , i just joined the public bike system for 45 $ a year , so i do n't have to worry about it being robbed , you exercise , you can save money , and you 're helping reduce polution , it 's a win-win [ here 's my baby ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/bicicletabicing.jpg ), 
  honestly , i think that we , as europeans , when commenting on random posts which were probably made by north americans , we always sound kind of prepotent no matter what we say . 
  mate , i 'm 22 years old , from barcelona , i 'm 1.90 and my little 18 years old brother is 2.03 m. . . our parents are quite short , and even being 1.90 around here i find plenty of teenagers bigger than me , i 'm not saying spain is a tall country , of course there 's still short people , but in general the young ones are not short anymore . 
  oh yes , spain had one of the fastest height increasing boosts in history , so the difference between 1 generation and the other is crazy , they predict an increase to 1.82 ~ in ten years , which is a lot for such a big population to grow in such a short time, 
  i think it 's 1.79 , though it 's really diverse , because we have many people from south america , for example , where they 're prone to be quite short compared to us , after so many years living here they kinda `` lower '' the average height , yet the young people these days grow really fast ( inmigrants included ) , so you can find a 1.70 cm 58 years old man , next to a 1.95 cm 16 years old , it 's really funny actually, 
  oh yeah , of course , it 's not like i literally felt short the whole journey , it 's just that in spain is much harder to find people with a height of 2 meters , for example , you can find them but not so usually , and i saw that in amsterdam quite more often than in the south , so that 's why every 1 hour more or less i 'd be like wtf this guy is huge !, 
  i 'm a tiny bitch !, 
  i think the whole eu is doing this , but at the price of enslaving the people , so even though it seems like the country is doing well , the only ones doing well are the big companies , not us . 
  spaniards did this in an even shorter period of time , by 1935-1950 the average men 's height was not higher than 1.64 if you were lucky , today 's height in spain is almost 1.80 cm , ( 179 ~ ) , you can see it quite obvious in old people , who tend to be really short , while the teenagers are already 1.90 being 16 years old , it 's crazy, 
  i 'm barely 1.90 but i felt like a midget in amsterdam, 
  asia, 
  i really feel bad for greece , i have n't been there but it looks like they 're struggling for real, 
  i know , i 've got a decent job , ( although i should earn more money for it ) , and it 's true that the media makes it look even worse , but yeah , if you compare today 's spain to 2005 's spain for example , we 're a joke right now , from 8th economic power to 23th in 5 years, 
  soon or later , even if we all have to go to england/germany first and clean toiletes, 
  certo , yet although i 've always seen french as mediterranean , i 've always put them in the ` central europe bag ', 
  i 'm curious about how the name of spain always pops up when talking about economy , of course the country has had better years , but i can assure you that spain is the ( among the pigs ) country in best economic shape right now , which does n't mean we 're not fucked up , it just means we 're the least fucked up in the mediterranean . 
  you lads know that not all romanians are gypsies right ? 
  they may come from romania but that does n't make it a rule . 
  honestly , i would n't like to be french , most countries think they 're twats, 
  the one about being superior with france made me laugh . 
  i did n't know that portuguese make jokes about spaniards , but i do n't think we make jokes about them , actually we joke a lot more about french or germans , there was an interview where we talk about how ignorant we are about portugal , the country next to us , but we know nothing about it or its people . 
  exactly, 
  those were squared concrete rocks with metal spikes , i 'm sorry but it 's hard to believe that 's going to help the ecosystem, 
  by throwing giant rocks to the sea ? 
  how is that supposed to repair it ? 
  well , latin people do n't talk to strangers that easy either , i 'd say it 's more usual than in the uk , but do n't you think that you can just go on a train and start making conversation , that 's more of an american thing , the thing is though , when we have a `` pretext '' to start a conversation , we kinda become friends really quick , like if you do longboarding and someone with a another longboard walks in , you 're gon na go : `` hey , nice board , where do you go ? '', 
  and shazam , new friend . 
  well , it 's just my opinion , it 's what we see when northern people come here , when you meet someone new you show a smile , you talk , you joke , you laugh , it 's all about body language , most northern people i 've met need quite a long time spent with you to reach that rhythm , at first they 're always `` awkward '' like we are gon na bite them or something like that , i lived with a lad from denmark for 6 months , he took 4 to laugh naturally with me , i swear , now we joke about how little emotion he shows , we were having a party in my flat , lots of people from italy , portugal , south america , and he was sat in the chair looking serious , just smoking and looking at us , i went up to him and said : `` hey victor , are you having a good time ? '', 
  he looked me in the eye with an iced expression and said : `` i 'm so happy right now '' ( all stoned ) , we remember that night like one of the night we cracked up the most , maybe you guys ca n't tell because it 's your environment , it 's all the emotion you know , but trust me , we do n't say that just because , of course not all of them are like that , but in general , yes , they 're quite quiet , always avoiding discussions and arguments , i 'm not saying anti-social , i 'm saying they do n't show emotion the same way we do . 
  ok , yet my brother just told me that even though those waters belong to uk they 're not supposed to build this thing because of environment laws , like they 're destroying the ecosystem and making it harder for fish to survive , which spaniard sailors fish, 
  yeah but that 's the usual thing , i mean what exactly happened hehe, 
  sorry what 's happening with gibraltar ? 
  i 've been abroad for a few weeks,
