i never understood why pride could n't also be classy . 
  despite the fact that you 've clearly never seen a pride parade , as in the idea that pride is n't classy , is just frankly bullshit , pride is n't about being palatable about the audience . 
  it is an outward expression , effectively modern pride is in many places a `` peaceful protest as well as celebration '' . 
  please stop . 
  people were saying the same shit re tim farron too and that was a party * with * a pro-lgbt platform . 
  so tired of it . 
  i swear to god the quote you were replying to said something else . 
  so nevermind me . 
  i do n't think they 're saying that does n't happen . 
  i think their point is simply that america would prefer to go after others while not cleaning up their backyard . 
  american flag . 
  methinks they 're one of the `` proud '' ones . 
  murica can do no wrong ! . 
  sounds a lot like r/playrust, 
   because by the very definition they use power = racism , which means that obama was way more racist then the kkk ever was . 
  not fond of obama but i do n't think he was prejudice ( ie the other part of the equation ), 
  i think to works here ? 
  since they mean they want to get it down 5 % under by their total emissions of the year 1990 , which is likely a lot lower than what it is now . 
  like newspapers , it is n't about finding a holy grail of objectiveness . 
  it is about viewing the many facets of an issue and i can not stress this enough ** cross-fucking-referencing ** reoccurring themes and or information . 
  the situation is far more nuanced and far-reaching than this incident . 
  1 ) it is not always a guilty party affected . 
  2 ) governments could introduce ridiculous laws ( see : uk 's porn bullshit ) to give them any excuse to invade your privacy . 
  3 ) even if the person is guilty , it is n't just his private information on that phone . 
  they are , by nature , a two-way street . 
  sometimes the other end is as guilty , sometimes they 're perfectly innocent . 
  a final point : khalid masood and the manchester bomber were both known by security forces previously , the manchester bomber himself seems to have been known and reported by everyone including the american fbi . 
  privacy laws , similar to free speech laws , are good but do protect awful people unfortunately . 
   i was n't aware it meant embracing passive capitulation . 
  it is n't about surrendering . 
  it is about tackling an issue with colder , more strategical and or tactical information rather than responding with emotion . 
  for example , there has been a recent surge of calls for internment in the uk , often through the use of an appeal to emotion fallacy . 
  internment in the troubles however , which spawned out of fear of the ira , led to a significant number of innocent people being locked up ; and a huge surge of popularity for the ira itself . 
  yeah , it reads like `` religious freedom '' style of law . 
  that 's fair . 
  probably a few more steps involved but basically , there is a symbiotic relationship involved . 
   but may 's not going to do anything about those 28k suspected jihadis is she ? 
  apart from , indirectly , giving them weapons !, 
  this is partly conspiracy and partly `` duh '' but the uk cycle : 1 . 
  sell weapons to sa 2 . 
  sa arms terrorists 3 . 
  terrorists attack uk 4 . 
  govt ( attempts ) to use the reaction of fear to that event to pass human-right restricting laws 5 . 
  laws make it easier for the gov to work/control ( including selling weapons to sa ) fortunately , quite many british people are n't as emotionally riled up by said attacks , so they are n't as effective `` fascists '' as they want-to-be . 
  i think it would be good to consider the british propaganda mantra of `` keep calm and carry on '' not simply as advice but as an order because fear makes for a poor judge . 
  `` in contribution to the efforts of mankind to assert human rights , to protect man from exploitation and persecution , and to affirm his freedom and right to a dignified life in accordance with the islamic shari'ah . '', 
  think they 're talking about this ? 
  i do n't think people understand that this is * exactly * what happened to the swastika . 
  it * was * a symbol of ( relative ) peace in a lot of areas until the nazis fucked it up for everyone . 
  i love him but i get this totally . 
  that def veers off into a more american style thing . 
  what do you mean `` goofy ? '', 
  i 'd consider trump/spicer pretty `` goofy '' ; unless you mean goofy as in the `` god said i should '' - george bush kind of goofy . 
  i mean he does do big stuff like brexit , trump etc but he does do some really out of the way , mundane ? , stuff quite a bit too . 
  is n't it on hbo ? 
  i mean , he does reference quite a lot of documents etc if you want to go and verify it yourself . 
  no she fucking did n't . 
  and borders do n't ? 
  how can a concert for open borders end up `` fostering segregation '' lol . 
   advocating for identity politics - which foster segregation - . 
  what are you talking about here ? 
  are you intentionally being this dense ? 
   if they want to exclude me from `` their cause '' then i would support something different . 
  it 's that simple . 
  the people organizing the movie night and the charity are * not * the same entities . 
  org 1 is hosting a women-only wonder woman screening and they are donating the sale profits to org 2 ie the charity . 
  the charity itself is n't hosting the screening . 
  so you can * still * support the charity even if you disagree with the movie night organizer because * they are not the same group * . 
  the group hosting the night is n't the charity , they 're giving the money to that charity ( and the post i 'm replying too suggests at least that much , so you do n't have an excuse for the mistake really ) . 
  ww3 it is then . 
  just going launch that goal post like a bloody rocket are you ? 
  you said : `` i bet those charities would be thrilled to know that they technically could have recieved double but they did n't want to let men help . '', 
  meaning your point was that charity would have less money because it excluded `` half '' of potential customers ( ie men ) despite other arguments ( maybe women are more interested in it , maybe the cinema will be packed * despite * being woman-only and therefore no potential money was actually lost etc ) , my main point was that if men were legitimately upset about not supporting the charity via the film ticket purchase , then hey maybe they could * just * donate * directly * to the charity , that is , if they 're not being disingenuous . 
  i believe it is a festival , not a march . 
  in practice it sounds like a big workshop . 
  novel idea : the men could just * give * the charity some money if they got some to spare ? 
  out of curiosity , how many people here who have an issue with this , still have an issue with it if it was hosted in a private area ? 
  rather than a public one . 
  did they fall for it or were they samrter than that ? 
  does n't every post in r/worldnews derails into a racist circlejerk ? 
  looks like a `` tamer '' ( not saying much ) version of the_dolts, 
  i 'm pretty sure many of us are all pretty fucking terrified but the apathy or sarcasm coping mechanisms can strike big . 
  keep calm/carry on as the brits say . 
  that 's the one, 
  not \u00c9xit ? 
  as the americans say , just the `` undocumented '' ones ( right after they take their documents ) . 
  direct calls are n't actually banned under american free speech . 
  only imminent calls . 
  ie * let 's kill people -  ok * let 's kill people now -  not ok it 's also still hard to prosecute for the # 2 one if someone does n't end up hurt too i think . 
  we 're also pretty decent on rights of transgender people too . 
  american politicians are taking someone to court for laughing at them , so you know . 
  i know it is n't hard-coded into their laws but it 's still absolutely ridiculous . 
  stop-gap more than mistake since it was written to be relatively unenforceable , whereas previously the reference to blasphemy was vaguely defined and easier to prosecute for . 
  i 'd eat it without question to be honest . 
  and here i thought all the goddamn vampires lived in transylvania . 
  what the hell is blood cake ? 
  what about blood pudding which is a profoundly uk thing ? 
  do n't be obtuse . 
  these are the same people who constantly vote-botted their threads to the top of r/all and brigaded so many threads . 
  american-centric attitudes being present on reddit is one thing , td is a whole other set of issues .
