  the brits do n't seem to even want that . 
  they seem to want their island to be for them alone . 
  in which case , why should we share with them either ? 
  so they would be happy for us to actively deny eu rights to british citizens wishing to come to germany , spain , scandinavia , france , etc if it made them feel safe in the knowledge that their plumber is less likely to be eastern european ? 
  ca n't wait to see what the daily mail readers wanting to go to live in france or retire in spain or work in germany think of that . 
  yes i do hate kaliningrad . 
  i 'm fully aware of the extent of the atrocities by the nazi government . 
  however russia refuses to even acknowledge that these things happened , and has banned any criticism of past actions . 
  my family were not nazis . 
  they were a shoemaker and a seamstress / housewife . 
  their business was destroyed , and they were forced from their home , which had been in our family for generations , before what remained was demolished to make way for tenement buildings for russian workers . 
  my family lost everything . 
  germany has acknowledged its evil and has done what it can to apologise . 
  still waiting for even recognition from russia . 
  yep . 
  but we are n't trying to limit the number of people coming to * work * in our country . 
  german industry is quite accepting of newcomers . 
  i know people from france , belgium , portugal , slovenia , greece , sweden , spain , austria , poland , italy , and yes , even the uk , who have come to work in germany . 
  we even have people from outside the eu , and in some cases the eea come to work in our industries . 
  russians , ukrainians , swiss and americans , to name a few that i know personally . 
  wonder what they would do if we said `` ok , fine . 
  here you go mr farage , we wo n't send any more people to your country . 
  while we are on the subject , british people are no longer allowed to come and live or work in our countries , unless we can not find anyone better from the rest of the eu to do their job . 
  welcome to the two-way street . '', 
  they would be absolutely outraged . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm siding more and more with coming home . 
  let the island have its isolation . 
  you 're always welcome in germany !, 
  nope . 
  still in their home country . 
  uk was the only real option because they went to university in london , london was the place to be for their line of work ( finance ) , and we both preferred london to frankfurt . 
  they also do n't speak much german and that would have proved an issue . 
  thanks theresa may . 
  [ apparently , there is even a campaign against what she has done . 
  ] ( http://www.jcwi.org.uk/policy/divided-families-campaign ) they do this to married people . 
  what chance do we have ?!, 
  somehow i suspect she would be different were her husband not british . 
  congratulations on choosing a bayer father . 
  please say the language you wish to use '' `` english '' `` you have selected : german . 
  `` you have selected : american english . 
  my name 's ... '', 
  while the nazi comments can be offensive or hilarious , depending on how they are made ( i even do it myself sometimes , people never know if i 'm joking which makes it even better ) , the main generation of animosity toward the uk for me comes from having seen someone i truly love and care about deported because of the way the uk visa system is , despite their numerous qualifications etc , hurt . 
  that in itself was bad enough , but to have the populists and right wing on tv , and particularly in some print outlets ( everybody knows which by now , i 'm sure ) openly saying that they want to make it even harder to get a visa , which will mean this happens to even more people , is astonishing and appalling . 
  the british do n't tend to realise this unless they are unlucky enough to like someone from outside the eea ( mine was central american ) . 
  thats where the real mixed feelings come from . 
  besides that the country is very pleasant . 
  you have the best entertainment industry in europe ( bbc , itv , c4 , pinewood studios , etc ; you do not realise how good you have it ) the food is unrefined yet fantastic , the tea is perfect , nowhere does a better pub , ale and cider could be exported to the continent in great quantities if you got your marketing departments in order , and the humour can not be matched . 
  ** tl ; dr ** no worries . 
  its more issues with the way visas work that gives me mixed emotions . 
  hi , my name is ~ ~ franz ~ ~ frank . 
  i was supplied by the bayer corporation to be your father !, 
  i was born in ~ ~ leverkeusen ~ ~ luton and am here to be the father you always knew you ~ ~ could afford ~ ~ wanted . 
  i 'll tell you all about why e-numbers are good things , organic is bad , and why chemicals are your friends !, 
  and that concludes our time together today . 
  you can either top up at rentafather.com , bayer.de / rentafather or by phone . 
  the number is on my business card !, 
  with the culture , i love it here . 
  but the way things are going with the government , i do question if i will bother to apply for a second season of work . 
  i 'm glad that you can put faith in them to do the right thing , but i see draconians and populists . 
  i have a strong feeling the aim is to turn people away from wanting to be here . 
  think of the house prices !, 
  wo n't somebody please think of the house prices !, 
   mail on sunday kindof answers itself there really , does n't it . 
  i 'm surprised that `` child protection '' and `` animal welfare '' did not also somehow get in there . 
  are you honestly saying that you would put full faith in theresa may to `` do the right thing '' when it comes to the protection of the people ? 
  here in europe , it would put you down with belarus and kazakhstan . 
  the * only * country that has to go different . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  so long as we can charge a range of prices to give more options to consumers and greater profits to shareholders . 
  offer services including fathers of different nationalities , religions , political affiliations , ages . 
  basically enable the mother to purchase the use of the father she wishes her children to see as a father figure , for a premium of course . 
  edit : also , sponsored fathers . 
  ca n't afford one ? 
  purchase the time of a father at a discounted rate from a number of corporations , such as the shell father , who will help you realise why global warming is a load of rubbish , the bayer father , who insists that its nonsense worrying about all those silly little e-numbers , or the daily mail father , who can help your child see the dangers of immigrants in any situation , and of course the southern rail father , who sometimes may just not show up at all . 
  there must also be a range of companies offering services to ensure that there is fair and even competition , as no companies would ever decide to collude to put up the prices of fathers , would they ? 
  getting rid of human rights , that could n't possibly go wrong and open up a door for a police state could it ? 
  and before certain people come in and comment that `` british values mean this would never happen '' ; we thought the same of german values when `` temporary '' emergency regulations were put in place to give more power to the head of state ... look how well * that * went . 
  it does n't happen overnight . 
  its a slow and gradual erosion until the state has full power . 
  considering the conservatives also want this , that is not the sort of power i would like to see in the hands of [ theresa may ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theresa_may#controversies ) . 
  it will put you down with belarus and kazakhstan in terms of protections afforded to people . 
  the saddest thing is i write this sitting in an english pub , in a bustling ( if a little homogenous ) city , with a `` full english '' breakfast and a mug of tea next to me . 
  i feel part of this country , yet i feel this country will never fully accept me . 
  edit : the missing link, 
  yes i 've seen them . 
  england is the only country i 've ever been treated with this level of disrespect . 
  my grandparents were a shoemaker and a seamstress at that time , and lived in a city the british bombed and then gave to the soviets to do with as they saw fit . 
  its like pouring salt into an open wound when some `` lad '' shouts `` heil hitler '' or something of the like when i 'm wearing a german football shirt . 
  we were not nazis , but its not like one family could have stopped the german war machine . 
  especially when they were not party members or anything . 
  glad i went home for the final . 
  its a very sorry state of affairs . 
  the way cameron does what he does makes him look weak . 
  make no mistake we can sense this . 
  he seems more and more like a petulant child . 
  we are all used to the uk disliking whatever the eu does . 
  however it would be nice if he had opposition to whatever we want to make it clear why and to actually be constructive and suggest changes .
