  i believe all people should be entitled to live and work wherever they want . 
  benefits are another story . 
  you should have to pay in before you get a payout , whatever country you 're in . 
  for that matter i also dislike certain parts of the euro , like having to stabilise another economy to protect our own , [ only to be treated like this . 
  ] ( http://www.popdecay.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/greece-athens-protests-nazi.jpg ) so no , i 'm not a perfect federalist ; we are stronger together however . 
  no , not finance . 
  i 'm in engineering . 
  in a big company where people have started wondering if we would end up closing our uk plant and moving to the netherlands or something like that . 
  i do n't want trade barriers , but i accept they are likely . 
  if ireland doesnt then thats great , but i could not say the same for every eu state . 
  i 'm not going into my views on what russia did . 
  we deal with them more out of necessity than anything else . 
  if we had a way out of it i think we would take it . 
  it was the daily mail , about a year ago , read on a train . 
  i remember them speaking rather positively . 
  perhaps my english is not so great and it was sarcastic ? 
  i dont know . 
  he isnt saying they should n't , but putting in a visa requirement will make it much harder for people to do . 
  i dated an english person once and they were awesome . 
  i think its sad that relationships like i had could be made much more difficult . 
  thankfully the drittes reich and the other empires are long gone , but the `` divide and conquer '' foreign policy does have an undertone of those times . 
  i think globalisation is the best thing to happen to the world . 
  why should we be limited on where we can live and realise our potential based on where we were born ? 
  i hope quite against the idea of the uk getting snubbed , but its more easy to happen to a single country than it is to a large union . 
  i hope that leaving the eu brings the uk what it wants ; its not a decison i could ever make sound good for germany about us leaving though . 
  we have * alternative f\u00fcr deutschland * and the neonazi * ndp * who are kinda like the bnp ; so similar movements exist here , but i can see no positives to going it alone when we can go together . 
  i would much rather the uk was part of it . 
   when i was living it italy , there 's something future generations wo n't be able to do if ukip get their way . 
  would n't want people having too many opportunities . 
  / s why would you want your people to have * less * rights ? 
  that is absolutely crazy and the sort of propaganda that hate-filled rags such as the daily mail is inserting into people 's brains . 
  aside from financial services for the eu , what does the uk provide the world with exactly ? 
  frankfurt is quite a capable city nowadays , with the ecb based there , as is luxembourg . 
  as for your oil , we are moving away from fossil fuels , and russia is the major supplier anyway . 
  as for other industries , there is plenty of prime land for industry in northern germany and the netherlands with people that offer the same quality of work , without dealing with the new trade barriers . 
  you say that there wo n't be any but we are the ones holding the more powerful cards here . 
  sure the swiss do well without the eu , but they have a reputation for banking in a way that other countries ca n't or wo n't do . 
  `` just a number , no names '' as it were . 
  i ca n't see the swiss letting that take over happen . 
  angie does n't have a cult . 
  she is a strong leader who made her way to the top by actions . 
  to read some of your newspapers , nigel farage is the reincarnation of christ . 
  even * bild * does n't go that far . 
  the uk can be a friendly neighbour in the way that neighbours are friendly in cities like london ; snubbed ignored for the most part . 
  i find it interesting that he would like to deny rights to people who are exactly the same as his wife . 
  i know people who have married non-eu citizens in the uk and been told that the partner can not actually get a work permit or visa due to financial requirements . 
  how would nigel feel if he had been told that his wife was not welcome and he would have to move to germany , except that he could n't because he did n't fit visa requirements . 
  it will rip people apart and all to maintain an ideology that should be as dead as the empire that formed it . 
  i hope for your country 's sake you see the light at the end of the tunnel is a train before it hits you . 
  the bank was natwest . 
  santander wanted even more money , and barclays charged a % of the amount sent . 
  the domestic price has n't risen actually . 
  they took the hit and moved on . 
  that said you ca n't get so many nice phones free on contract anymore but that never bothered me anyway as i will stay with the same phone until it dies . 
  of course we have people from outside the eu working here ; they all need visas and permits to work here and need to be considerably more skilled than average in order to get such a permit , while until the brexit the british enjoy the same rights as german citizens to work . 
  i have no issue with the british , they seem to be friendly people and our cultures are really not so different . 
  same love of a good beer , for example . 
  the problem is that permits cost time and money . 
  i wonder how many will find themselves replaced by people from within the eu if there is a brexit . 
  federalisation will be a complex process , if it ever happens completely at all , but i think that it will be your people that suffer a lot more than anyone else as a result of an exit , regardless of what else happens . 
  we have our tool that will lead to a brexit in place , we call her `` die angie '' and she seems to be doing a pretty good job at leading the rest of europe . 
  i would rather the uk sided with the eu and took an active role in being a part of europe , but lets be real , thats never going to happen , particularly with the rise of ukip , which seems to have a bit of a cult of personality going on for nigel farage ( who is doing well at keeping his german wife out of the picture ) . 
  there are other countries i would much rather see removed from the union . 
  ones that in leaving would stabilise our currency and economy , even though we are out of recession ( and were so faster than the uk , for that matter ) . 
  a political , economic and trade union between nations like the uk , france , germany etc would be unstoppable . 
  our cultures are not so different , our people are not so different , and our economies are also very similar . 
  sadly the british foreign policy of `` divide and conquer '' still hangs on long after the end of the empire . 
  i just hope farage gives the british what they want , as what they want clearly isnt a stronger europe . 
  edited : grammar, 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  it would n't go down well with their american friends if we became more powerful and richer than them . 
  oh no , i mean the charge to move money from my german account to my uk ( i was a foreign student ) was nothing . 
  the charge to move the money back to germany was # 10 from the uk bank . 
  that is something imposed by the uk , not germany . 
  the flat rate cost by my provider is 9 cents per sms , minute , mb of data etc. 
  regardless of country , so long as it 's in the eu or switzerland . 
  this is possible because of eu law forcing them to limit foreign charges . 
  many of the turkish were born here , the gastarbeiter came here to rebuild the country after wwii and were able to stay as a thanks . 
  the fact you already talk of the uk and eu as separate entities says a lot . 
  however on those terms your industries will suffer as we are your main market . 
  the final comment was sarcasm based on how the uk appears to the rest of the eu as an american satellite in place to divide the eu and stop it federalising . 
  really ? 
  i would have thought it great ; it works for the usa despite each state being like a different country . 
  plus the uk , along with france and germany , would be one of the most powerful states within it . 
  presently it seems like the uk 's only sim is to derail anything done by the eu , and that the uk does not want its people to enjoy the benefits of the eu . 
  when i went to move some money for example , it 's free to do so within the eu from germany , but was told i would have to pay in the uk to move money . 
  when i go on vacation , my phone rates do not change . 
  if i lose my job , i can move to another country and start again . 
  why would you want to remove those rights from your people ? 
  do you honestly think the rest of the eu would let the british to continue to live and work in our countries ( around 2.2 m ) ? 
  a lot would be deported , and nigel farage would have a riot on his hands . 
  trade barriers would go up . 
  visa lines will go up . 
  passport controls will get worse . 
  frankfurt will replace london . 
  surely it 's better to be a part of the union than fighting alone , or trying to be incorporated into the united states or whatever the plan beyond `` leave the union '' is ? 
  progress is rather hard when one particular country keeps blocking everything . 
  at least thats the mentality on this side of the channel . 
  i 've noticed you to be very pro-ukip . 
  can you please explain the mentality behind wanting to leave the eu ?
