  i 've just moved to the uk with my company for the time being ; honestly the daily mail has a campaign running * every single day * to get something or other banned under `` child protection '' or `` counter terrorism '' , but the second the eu * actually * bans something , they are frothing at the mouth with rage and screaming `` vote ukip !, 
  obviously uk does n't surprise me in the slightest , but i wonder what it is about the eu that latvia and hungary are afraid of ? 
  why not call it `` european union '' - to me that sounds much better than `` united states of europe '' would be interesting to see which countries were most and least in favour of it too , though i have a good guess at which countries that would be . 
  the mail holds anyone who is n't a ukip voter with social values from 1950 in contempt . 
  they all have their target audiences . 
  listening to daily mail readers , you could end up believing that nigel farage was the reincarnation of christ . 
  yup . 
  berlin used to be a beautiful city , nowadays , not so much . 
  for those who are interested , [ here is colour footage of berlin in the nazi era . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbb-orgrztg ) . 
  i do n't personally like the nazi architecture but the old city was beautiful . 
  then the ussr destroyed any hopes of proper post-bombing restoration , partially due to marx ' hatred of prussia . 
  [ we are working on rebuilding some of it though !, 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/10117103/berlin-begins-reconstruction-of-king-frederick-the-greats-palace.html ), 
  this has been happening for generations , but i challenge anyone to find someone better than the british for making a greasy hangover-curing breakfast . 
  also , dat bacon . 
  absolutely report them to the police ; provide as much info as you can to give the police the motivation to act . 
  that 's not racist , that 's following the rules . 
  you 're becoming german already . 
  ah , yes you would think the daily mail would be proud to show its past affiliations . 
  not much has changed over the years at least . 
  the only way to appease the daily mail would be to roll everyone 's values back to around may 1945 . 
  time to take back our soverignity from the eussr !, 
  vote ukip vote ukip vote ukip !!!!!!!!, 
  - just about every daily mail comment ever . 
  in the south its bayern , or austria , or switzerland . 
  wow port talbot looks depressing : /, 
  yup . 
  w\u00fcrttemberger here ; baden and bayern are the butts of jokes here , mostly bayern . 
  my personal favorites are rimini in italy or berlin for parties . 
  spain is also a beautiful country to visit . 
  honorary mention goes to london as an awesome place for both parties and culture but it will almost certainly bankrupt you if you try to go on a night out there . 
  the part where i used to live : ukip voters :(, 
  * what 's with you ? 
  this is a european subreddit , and we love our multiculturalism . 
  its the `` i hate foreigners '' spiel , followed by someone always reminding him that his wife is german . 
  gets me every time . 
  angie of course . 
  a strong leader with her country 's people 's interests at heart , rather than just the rich and corporations * cough * david cameron * cough *, 
  beautiful place from what i hear . 
  would love to visit someday but finding a decent travel partner is a nightmare . 
  at least there are sofas i can crash on when i get to london !, 
  safe flight to you !, 
  may the line in the airport move smoothly and may you not get fucked over by the tube !, 
  we need you guys to share our mutual dislike of the french !, 
  i have to say this quietly ... 
  i 'm in france , on the way to london of all places . 
  this is why the eu is great for the normal person . 
  nice easy travel . 
  did n't even notice i had crossed the border . 
  however i have been warned we are almost certainly in for a bit of an interrogation at the hands of ukba tonight :(, 
  shame really , as it will be missing a very valuble asset . 
  i dont think it will work without the uk either . 
  sadly the british mentality is very much an island mentality ; would n't be compatible probably . 
  sad really because britain would be a great asset to the use . 
  i still do n't get the mentality . 
  if it were made so that people could only claim benefits in their state of citizenship would that change the ukip minds ? 
  would be interesting to see it done with nationality as a factor . 
  as can be seen by the wikipedia article , eurosceptics range from people who oppose the euro to full-blown ukip ; would be interesting to see which nationalities are most and least in favour of a use . 
  ah , we do our best but he was austrian . 
  no matter how much they try to say he was german ... 
  the bluntest exchange i ever witnessed was between a german girl ( and one of my best friends ) and an american boy , whilst we were giving the americans a tour of munich . 
  him : `` so , umm ... yeah ... do you want to like ... one day ... uhh you know ... go for a drink with me or something ? '', 
  her : `` no '', 
  i used to love that in the uk . 
  people would bitch before someone arrived , smile while they were there , and then continue bitching as soon as they were gone . 
  i concluded that you guys hate everyone , including each other , and the smiles are all fake . 
  i like that , germans are so direct i 'm amazed we do n't have more fights . 
  that made me laugh ... 
  i would guess the younger polish trust us , the older polish do n't ? 
  that 's the only way i can understand it . 
  eurgh , nigel farage . 
  it 's hard to find a current eu politician ( with a chance of election ) who i find more detestable ; marine le pen perhaps but that 's it . 
  your media and their worship of nigel farage , mostly . 
  i feel most brits are probably pro-eu but your media really gives you a bad image in the rest of the continent . 
  also you do have a much higher eurosceptic populace than i think most if not all other eu states . 
  personally i prefer clarks . 
  vote ukip !, 
  try that on any article at the daily mail , it 's lethal . 
  the reason i left living in the uk right there . 
  hh , s and m plates are the most aggressive i think . 
  good old big cities ( hamburg , stuttgart & munich ), 
  oh ukip , i 'm so glad that science does n't get in the way of your rhetoric . 
  if farage was the one saying it you would be celebrating it as pure genius . 
  i 'm more lenient to people with out of town plates , because you know they are probably tourists . 
  you recognise the big cities , for example `` hh '' ( hansestadt hamburg ) , `` m '' ( m\u00fcnchen ) , `` b '' ( berlin ) , `` k '' ( k\u00f6ln ) and `` s '' ( stuttgart ) and the ones around your area , but often not many more . 
  also helps if you are needing to hitchhike home for whatever reason . 
  `` hh '' and `` wi '' drivers are scary , but i think thats because europcar and avis register all their cars under these respectively . 
  i do love belgian beer , just do n't tell them that . 
  we have to look strong in front of them or the oranje will laugh at us . 
  beaten by the french ? 
  we must fix this . 
  prost !, 
  paris has much more problems than london . 
  its dirty , there are areas that are basically no-go ( montmatre , for example ) , there are many more riots , the new arrivals do n't integrate , and while those beautiful haussmann buildings were great 150 years ago , 150 years of neglect have made some of them pretty nasty inside in some cases , yet they still have ridiculous rent . 
  i discovered that the irritating way . 
  three passport checks when you 're in a rush for a train = not cool man . 
  not cool . 
  it was indeed all old people , they often looked confused as to the fact they were even driving . 
  eurgh , i got stuck behind one once , stretching my neck trying to see ( car is left hand drive ) past them to overtake , before they went into a village and just kept at the same speed . 
  i promptly caught up with them not far outside the village where they were still dawdling along without a care in the world .
