  edit : formatting, 
  eurgh , its rather depressing actually . 
  i often end up encouraging people like yourself to leave the uk . 
  these types wo n't be happy until their country is returned to the `` good old days '' of the 1950s , and they seem to be getting their way , based on these promises . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1179902/revealed-the-secret-report-shows-nazis-planned-fourth-reich--eu.html ) is my favourite article that has been shown to me as `` pure fact '' by people here . 
  warning : daily mail . 
  it still puts you down with the last true dictatorship in europe . 
  you are asking the uk to do something which would make it feel like a greater part of europe ? 
  good luck . 
  a lot of the rural british seem convinced , thanks mostly to the daily mail , that doing absolutely anything that is not to the direct detriment of the eu will very swiftly end with * panzerabteilungen * storming over the countryside in a * blitzkreig * as a forcible welcome to * gro\u00dfdeutschland * , with angie being delcared * f\u00fchrer * soon after . 
  i 'm loving living here but i 'm getting rather tired of hearing the phrases `` eussr '' , `` merkelreich '' , `` 4th reich '' etc from these people . 
  but where i am they seem to be the majority . 
  the daily mail probably told him there are none . 
  farage probably agreed . 
  from personal experience , i would say that ours should be a little higher , and uk 's a little lower . 
  i guess the uk get their .6 from the foreign population . 
  although i did hear they are now starting to introduce foreign languages as a compulsory class in the uk , but only up to age 16 . 
  hope this trend continues . 
  that 's actually rather impressive . 
  the daily mail tried to spin it as `` eu caps company profits '' or something of the like . 
  [ some guy who really has a chip on his shoulder made these . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lav_iaxmr8c&amp;list=plde29d7b583a8cad3 ) i think if i were your pm i would laugh in his face . 
  just out of question , what is a reasonably reliable british newspaper ? 
  it seems the metro and the standard are `` you get what you pay for '' in the worst of senses . 
  the mail is frothing-at-the-mouth hatred ( as close to bild as you get in the uk . 
  if anything goes wrong in germany , bild is there to tell you why it 's an immigrant 's fault ) , the sun not far behind . 
  the star is just tits . 
  the torygraph will always be the torygraph . 
  the guardian is for sjws . 
  i 'm tempted to say the independent , since the times is owned by rupert murdoch ... but i honestly have no idea what quality paper journalism looks like in the uk . 
  neither did the modern-day britain . 
  also can you imagine what would happen if the uk said it would be taking in anyone who felt they or their ancestors had been victimised by the british empire ? 
  i do n't even want to think about what that would do . 
  while i have nothing against helping in moderation , we can not put ourselves at a massive disadvantage just because of the sins of the nazis . 
  the complete annihilation of some cities during the war , the nuremburg trials , dismantling industry , war reparations , annexation of the eastern territories ( my family came from k\u00f6nigsberg , i should add . 
  ) , and the existence of the ddr , along with military occupation in the west . 
  couple that with our education system to ensure everyone knows why it can not happen again . 
  i despise what the nazis did to this country , but i would also say we have paid for the sins of our grandfathers ; this ca n't be used as justification to be letting people in without proper consideration of our own people . 
  indeed . 
  hence why they send them out in overloaded rust buckets from the last century that will hardly make it over the med . 
  the people have paid , and that is all the smugglers are really interested with . 
  by the time that boat has sunk , the next lot are already on their way . 
  i do n't know the official numbers in italy , but there were plenty of illegal african street sellers around when i was there about 6 weeks ago . 
  all selling fake designer goods and dodgy chinese electricals ; throwing everything in a garbage bag and running for it whenever they sensed the police were nearby . 
  having made friends with a local , he tells me the employment situation is really bad there for a lot of people , and it is n't made any better by these people coming over . 
  i do feel bad for italy being lumbered with these people . 
  it must be difficult for the local people trying to work there . 
  i was born in germany , my father is a british citizen with british and irish parents . 
  my mother is a german citizen and her side of the family come from switzerland and what was once eastern prussia . 
  plus i went to school in germany , and france . 
  i currently live in england , have an english name , but in my heart i 'm still a german i think . 
  i still wait at red lights , i love the eu , i drink beer , i 'm eco-conscious , all very german . 
  i really do n't know . 
  nationalism and patriotism are two things i really do n't understand . 
  i would say i feel european , but it confuses me when the british talk about `` european '' as if it means `` foreign '' , as i feel attached to the uk too . 
  i do n't know where i belong right now . 
  we had some really cool people from st petersburg at my university . 
  i plan to go visit them but i do n't think i could handle studying there right now . 
  such a shame for them . 
  the russians we had on exchange were some of the nicest people i 've met , and i 'm planning to go to russia to hang out with them again . 
  do n't judge a book by its cover , do n't judge people by their government . 
  at least that russian is free to live his life the way he wants to and has a chance for something better than home . 
  the three countries i 've lived in , and so tend to follow developments more closely in , are the uk , france and germany . 
  i 'm sure there are left wing and central parties that also dislike the eu , but these are some examples of eurosceptic parties in the places i 'm most aware of . 
  in the 1920s we were quite tolerant . 
  [ berlin even had a gay district ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sch%c3%b6neberg ) . 
  hitler of course reversed that in the 1930s , and really ramped up the persecution to extreme levels . 
  then after wwii it was still pretty bad for a while . 
  oddly enough , a [ top nazi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ernst_r%c3%b6hm ) was gay . 
  i know the law the nazis created in the 1930s was left in place * unmodified * until the late 60s , and not abolished until 1994 . 
  that said , we are ( at least in the cities ) very accepting of gay people . 
  i think bayern and the east ( excluding berlin ) are a bit more conservative on the issue , but where i 'm from nobody really cares . 
  i 've seen there have been gay pride parades in the big cities in the west , and cologne is probably the most gay-friendly city in the country , but i 've never really looked into this . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paragraph_175#version_of_november_23.2c_1973_.28west_germany.29 ) is the law in question . 
  strange , considering the uk is in europe . 
  i was subscribed from when i was back home so i have no idea now that i 'm in the uk . 
  i thought it would be the whole of europe , or at least all eu states . 
  i could n't think of any left wing eurosceptics immediately , i just went with some base examples . 
  i think the greens here in the uk are eurosceptic , but do n't quote me on that . 
  hah , oh i already love the ale . 
  it will be my downfall . 
  honestly you do not want to know how hard that stuff is to get back home . 
  we have ipa and stuff but it 's made locally . 
  honestly we should stick to beer brewing . 
  regardless , i still find the way the conservatives are going in an attempt to appease ukip to be worrying . 
  it will start by ditching the european court of human rights , but where will it end ? 
  nobody can say for sure . 
  then you can ditch human rights altogether , 
  ours also . 
  * you have my sympathies . 
   * sorry , but the brits are also european * , 
  playing right into their hands . 
  russian redditors , please let us know how the media spin this one when it hits the news . 
  we are now a default sub . 
  while it has n't shifted much , there are going to be more ukip , npd , front nationale , etc types hanging around . 
  that said , let them in , i enjoy a debate more than a circlejerk . 
  it 's impossible to put into words how much i dislike this woman . 
  all isis are going to do is cause that whenever there is a humanitarian crisis in a muslim country , the rest of the world is going to more likely stand back rather than send aid workers over . 
  sorry my grammar is shit in the morning , but you get my point . 
  `` cutting off your nose to spite your face '' as the british say .
