  the industrial areas were nowhere near the areas that they were ordered to drop the bombs . 
  it , along with the attack on coventry and many more on both sides , were viscous attacks against the people with no military gain . 
  this is why the germans are so pacifistic . 
  the nazis led to the total destruction of this country . 
  really ? 
  i guess it was because you knew someone on that mission , but when i spoke to my british friends none of them had even heard of it . 
  they were surprised when i told them why the city needed so much restoration . 
  they assumed it had been a military centre , not a cultural one . 
  you see these in germany also . 
  its mostly small monuments to the wwi dead . 
  the largest i can think of for wwi is [ this one in hamburg ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3689/9232471442_0e8fbe22a0_z.jpg ) - if you ca n't read it there it says `` 40 ' 000 sons of this city gave their lives for you '' and is in a very prominent place in the city , across the road from the town hall . 
  i agree , but i also think that britain needs to stop brushing over things like [ this moment from wwii ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_dresden_in_world_war_ii ) in their education system . 
  or the russians could do with [ learning about this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_occupation_of_germany ) in school . 
  we have to learn about everything our country did wrong , it only seems fair that other countries should be doing the same in an effort to safeguard against it happening again . 
  first thing i thought . 
  france really needs to come down hard on those responsible , else it is the beginning of a slippery slope . 
  its such a shame that people ca n't seem to make the distinction . 
  when stuff like this happens , giving off an air of kristallnacht almost , it makes israel want to act even more violently as they feel the need to take more land for jews to live in safely . 
  if people just boycotted israel and zionistic organisations rather than attacking jews , it would have a much greater effect . 
  i think its the whole thing that the pinnacle of luxury in the eyes of one country , is public transport in another . 
  agreed . 
  i imagine the uk will suffer a massive brain-drain if that happens , leaving just the ukip voters to wallow in what they have done to their country . 
  not bad at all . 
  belgrade ? 
  i honestly can not imagine somewhere using a toyota starlet as a taxi . 
  i like a nice , big , sturdy car that certainly isnt going to break down on the way . 
  thats the same here . 
  \u00dcber is basically the way forward i think . 
  i would sometimes even try walking halfway if i thought it could save me having to take a cab the full way home . 
  getting home one saturday night was 40 $ but i have no idea how far from our house we were . 
  luckily there were 8 of us in the car . 
  how much would a 10k trip be ? 
  honestly , you do n't want to know . 
  as a student i take the s-bahn mostly . 
  but its cool we have them . 
  ukip really are the scum of the earth . 
  i am lucky enough to know some truly good british people , but the impression that nigel farage and his cult of personality gives of the country is one that could be seriously damaging to it 's reputation in the future . 
  incidentally , i wonder if his german wife will be deported if he gets into power ? 
  she 's a foreign citizen stealing british jobs , after all . 
  in stuttgart we [ buy local . 
  ] ( http://luxedb.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/porsche-panamera-turbo-taxi-%e2%80%93-stuttgart-germany.jpeg ) i wish these were more common . 
  mostly its mercedes e class . 
  i took a bmw 6 series cab in amsterdam once . 
  damn nice cars , those . 
  i remember an american ( i think ) comedian saying that in his country , everyone aspires to have a car as luxurious as a mercedes e class , and in europe people are using them as taxis . 
  used it in london . 
  much better than the price of a black cab . 
  nah it isnt madatory anymore . 
  here in schwaben a lot of them are black and ivory or pure black . 
  still all made by mercedes of course . 
  the daily mail might explode with rage . 
  this makes me even more for it . 
  hitler caused many of the jews that survived the war to be displaced , and britain gave up control of palestine . 
  the zionists moved in not long after . 
  you do indeed see vanilla coke . 
  i 'm german and i love a&w root beer , so have some of that ready as its really expensive in germany . 
  also we drink ice tea like there is no tomorrow ; arizona would be a nice one to have ready . 
  finally , most things we drink come with co \u00b2 in them , so dont be surprised if they find still lemonade or even still water to be strange . 
  to read the daily mail , one could be excused for thinking that nigel farage can cure cancer with the touch of his hand . 
  oh mister farage ... 
  it looks like the uk border agency have been giving the danes some tips . 
  there were good and bad people on both sides . 
  nice to see people being human to one another despite the circumstances . 
  i 'm so glad i was born when i was . 
  i find it hard to believe there was a time i would have been expected to hate the countries where some of my best friends come from . 
  oh that would work rather nicely . 
  just do n't let the bayerisch convince you that beer belongs with breakfast when tea is available . 
  you 're a germanophile and i 'm an anglophile . 
  `` teetime '' happens daily when i get home . 
  other germans think we are insane drinking tea with milk , then they try it . 
   this is partly because we won the war damnit . 
  but seriously , thanks for stopping that maniac . 
  buildings can be replaced . 
  the people that evil man destroyed can not . 
  i am 99 % sure that i would have been `` sent east '' by now had history gone the other way . 
  [ interestingly enough the event that finally started the ball rolling was 100 years ago today . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/world-war-one/10932487/sarajevo-marks-100th-anniversary-of-gavrilo-princips-shot-which-started-first-world-war.html ) it is a tragedy but our countries are better for it . 
  imperialism is gone ( apologies for making it sound like you 're an imperialist earlier , i was angry at something else ) and the extreme right has been all but removed . 
  nothing wrong with being a celt , it 's a fascinating culture . 
  i myself have some celtic blood in me ; english too somewhere . 
  as for your benefits system , its abused badly . 
  i wanted to laugh when people over here called it cruel . 
  somehow i doubt they would want to fork the bill for benefit scroungers around the continent . 
  your health system is fantastic but needs some reform to stop abuse . 
  i would n't complain if proof of residence or insurance if not resident was required with the nhs as a way of combating abuse and health tourism at the expense of your people . 
  as for our infrastructure , yeah it was in a nasty state , but we rebuilt , and now its reasonable although still expensive . 
  as you say , we had a clean slate to build on . 
  i 'm sure if asked nicely we would be happy to provide what is needed to bring you up to speed , of course , 
  if i 'm honest , the cultural differences between parts of the eu are too big for total federalisation to work ; the uk is one of the ones i would personally prefer to be politically and economically allied with as we are so similar culturally . 
  ( on that note ; will trade german beer for an english breakfast . 
  wow those things hit the spot ) you benefit from german industry , we benefit from british financial know-how . 
  we both get richer and get a stronger world standing . 
  i personally think that every country , the uk in particular as you seem to get taken advantage of in this sense , should limit its benefits to its own citizens and those who have contributed . 
  i hope that business can continue in the uk , it would be a major hassle to change where the company has its bases . 
  i just hope for the sake of your city and people that the globalisation can continue . 
  we will get on fine either way i think , but not as strong as we could be with a full alliance with you . 
  i 'm glad the bnp are gone , maybe we can all pool together and send them , the edl , the front nationale , the ndp etc to live on antarctica together . 
  it could make for an interesting reality tv show . 
  i can see i 'm never going to convince you that the eu has benefited your people . 
  i know british people here who are genuinely worried about their futures due to this because they are not `` skilled '' by the definition we give to non-eu people .
