  its starting to seem to me that the eu can do no right in the eyes of the british . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uyrdgs3.png ) mixed feelings : russia : awesome people and beautiful landscapes , however rampant homophobia and putin . 
  particular hate of k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad as that is where my family originated from when it was ostpreu\u00dfen ( they were thrown out by the ussr after wwii ) and i 'm made rather uncomfortable by the russian military presence right in the middle of the eu . 
  turkey : i think all germans know this feeling . 
  my town was known as `` kleine istanbul '' england : culture is great , beer is good , but the rise of populism and english nationalism are worrying . 
  lost an so to the incredibly tough uk visa system back to central america . 
  also the only country i 've ever had a nazi comment made about me . 
  palestine : where to begin ? 
  edit : formatting, 
  the media in this country is one of the worst offenders . 
  the express , mail , and sun all go out of their way to make the eu look like the 4th reich . 
  there is also the issue of that the most xenophobic of party leaders is also the most charismatic . 
  couple this with an `` islander mentality '' from the middle class in the south and you have a recipe for disaster . 
  i think there is also a complete disregard for what the route ukip wants to take will do for the millions of british living overseas . 
  they seem to think that this is a perfect land that everyone wants to come into ( to steal jobs and benefits at the same time , of course ) and nobody wants to ever leave , or has ever left . 
  the uk has so much good tv . 
  dr who , broadchurch , sherlock , silent witness , luther , mitchell and webb , etc. 
  this is how a lot of us learn english , along with video games . 
  yet their objective is to eventually be getting absolutely nothing , as the eu will have collapsed . 
  you ca n't win with some people . 
  quite , i find it interesting to see that those who want the eu to fall apart are whining that they will not get so much money from the eu . 
  it 's very hard to convince people in germany that direct military intervention is a good idea . 
  due to past events , the german people do n't like war . 
  war tends to end with our country lying in ruins , divided and with dictators seizing power . 
  we rebuilt our country twice in the last century and have paid a heavy price economically , physically and mentally . 
  as such we avoid military action as much as possible . 
  it would be a very foolish thing to do politically to try to challenge this part of the german mindset . 
  i know how you feel . 
  i really do not get all the hatred here . 
  i 'm torn between it due to being part british , but i feel i would sooner be under a german passport than a british one right now . 
  i personally see a lot of oswald mosley in nigel farage . 
  the wealthy ex-tory who has realised that promoting nationalism and authoritarianism whilst blaming immigrants and the eu for absolutely everything that goes wrong , avoiding discussing bankers and the city of london as much as possible , will win him votes from both the young who feel that immigrants are stealing jobs , and the older people who believe that everything was better around the 1930s-1950s . 
  the tabloid rags love him just as they did mosley , thinking it will bring back the spirit of the great empire going it alone against the evil germans/french/russians / etc, 
  welcome back !, 
  but no seriously , that almost certainly is n't an official website . 
  really weird that the ddr is even in the list of an internet site . 
  skyrocketing as over 7 trillion muslims plan to arrive tomorrow with intent to steal your jobs and turn your children gay . 
  for my german side , w\u00fcrttemberg and bayern ; they are traditionally catholic . 
  the protestant north and atheist east are not particularly conservative compared to us . 
  i would n't call them backwards , but they like things the way they have always been . 
  for the british side : there is n't a bible belt , but there is a koran belt . 
  london , birmingham , bradford , luton , parts of manchester , etc. 
  am swabian , can confirm . 
  regularly get the `` catholicism is the best '' lecture when on the phone to oma . 
  also regularly insist that i am living with `` a friend who needed somewhere to stay '' ; its just easier to avoid the drama . 
  i think its more w\u00fcrttemberg than baden that is like this . 
  sigmaringen is also pretty religious . 
  it seems that the way they have done it is to show its the will of the people that palestine be considered a state . 
  however the cabinet did not vote and they have not made it binding , perhaps in a quest to minimise pissing off their best friends across the atlantic . 
  i hope they realise they ca n't always do what the american government wants and go with what the british people want instead . 
  daily mail headline of the future : eu blocks credit card usage , and you 're paying for it !, 
   what does israel have on us ? 
  the united states of america . 
  in this case , it would be bad for the cabinet to have voted on the issue , due to the rather sensitive issue of the uk 's relationship with the united states . 
  better that they keep their opinions to themselves rather than risk upsetting the americans . 
  sorry , when i 'm tired i do n't speak any language so good . 
  when the euro crises happened , i was glad for the pound still existing . 
  the euro got pulled down a fair bit by that . 
  that 's where i always find the ukip xenophobia amusing . 
  when farage blathers on about the fact that x % of children in british schools speak english as a second language , which is eroding the british identity , forgetting that this includes his own children ( who are german speakers ) . 
  i think it should just be compulsory that everyone in the eu have to learn english to a certain standard . 
  then we could all speak to one another more easily and move forward . 
  being a british/german mongrel i very much wanted the uk to finally just accept it was european , and get the euro . 
  until greece , cyprus , ireland , italy , spain and portugal happened . 
  the pound can stay for now . 
  sometimes i 'd even like the deutschmark back, 
  le figaro is the bild of france . 
  i do n't know about the local . 
  thank you for getting his place of birth correct . 
  he 's right . 
  if you wish to have fun in munich . 
  i advise booking your seats for next year now . 
  got drunk instead . 
  politician overall ? 
  obviously , adolf hitler . 
  politician born here ? 
  the standing points [ of the daily mail ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/10/03/daily-mail-daily-express-human-rights-twitter-reaction_n_5925540.html ) and [ the sun ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/10/06/the-sun-human-rights_n_5938390.html ) . 
  only a few days ago they were begging for human rights to be eradicated . 
  wonder if these newspapers will be backtracking on that now that their journalists are targets ? 
  edit : correct links, 
   how has some charismatic racist nationalist managed to become this nations favourite politician ? 
  the same way one did in germany , all those years ago . 
  the country is economically in the shit ( well , not so much now , but it has been since 2008 ) , people are losing jobs , the war efforts abroad are failing , people are looking for someone to blame . 
  along comes a spider ; a highly charismatic nationalist with some deep-seated hatred of foreign things . 
  he promises to eliminate the debts , get people jobs and bring his country back to glory . 
  his chosen target : immigrants . 
  he jumps on the traditional fear of change and of anything foreign , uses imagery of a once-great empire ( i had some bs leaflet telling me to vote ukip to vpte for the values of the people who died for this country ; guess nobody told the local ukip man that i 'm descended of the enemy he talks of ) , if only it could break away from the ~ ~ nazis ~ ~ germans attempts at uniting europe , it could do it again ; be a great force , going on its own in europe and relying on the commonwealth entirely . 
  he also makes sure to occasionally praise european wine and have a german wife , as a way of trying to say he 's not a racist , [ until you rile him and the true colours show through ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27459923 ) he also likes to try to talk `` common '' , have a pint and a cigarette in hand and try to appeal to the everyday man . 
  the sort who probably got replaced by somebody from a different country , as the division of labour means that certain jobs are going elsewhere , while others are becoming more common in this country . 
  there are jobs avalible , but mr john dole here does n't want to do them . 
  an immigrant is happy for those jobs , and so this racist says that they must be stealing those jobs . 
  in truth if the welfare system made going into work look like a better option than spending every day masturbating and watching jeremy kyle , then mr dole would probably get a job pretty quickly , but he is n't interested . 
  ( i know this isnt always the case , but it is for many ) mr dole would rather blame immigrants and the eu than actually go out and get a job , or learn some skills to get a better job . 
  this sits rather nicely with those who have what we like to call `` islander syndrome '' ; the same trait that makes people talk to me like its 1945 and i 'm standing there in the tattered ruins of a waffen-ss uniform . 
  they start to believe everything he says , the daily mail fuels it by writing about him as strong and powerful and a saint , while everyone else is pathetic , weak , and giving up on britishness to bow / bend over to their german oppressors who would love nothing more than to fuck them senseless with a giant euro symbol . 
  [ the daily mail tried to reverse their damage once ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-2631581/what-need-know-nigel-farage-vote-thursday-james-obrien-lbc-radio-presenter-ukip-aide-tried-silence.html ) but as can be seen from the top comment , it 's too late . 
  these people want human rights scrapped and everyone deported . 
  the bnp are too much of a joke , so ukip are their poster boys . 
  that , is how a racist became the favourite politician . 
  ** tl ; dr ** charisma works well with people who are a bit xenophobic anyway .
