  i really do n't understand the logic on this one . 
  exactly . 
  plus any international event becomes a whole lot more fun . 
  the world cup made for an interesting experience ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ other ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ nationalities ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ laughing . 
  can confirm . 
  also i have friends from all over the world too , not just in the eu as you 'll find the international students often cluster together . 
  i have friends in russia , mexico , china and the us to name but a few . 
  vote ukip vote unip vote ukip !, 
  - average daily mail reader upon reading / having someone read them this news . 
  * sigh * the fact i think i 've done my country 's at a beer festival ... life imitating art or art imitating life ? 
  the daily mail and mumsnet happened . 
  i know , they would never do this in germany either , but apparently its easy to get rid of if you can be bothered . 
  at least you do n't have to phone someone and tell them you want porn like you do with the normal internet in the uk . 
  nope . 
  we like our cars , preferably ones made in germany , which are all rather expensive . 
  we also hate spending money . 
  it generally results in us buying brand new expensive cars and keeping them for a long time , or complaining constantly about the price . 
  germans also love complaining . 
  * sigh * all this international bickering , can we not all just work together and accept that that at least ~ ~ gro\u00dfdeutschland ~ ~ the eu has the best beer ? 
  yep , people do n't trust banks here . 
  bild makes great kindling , its also great for people who think that the past was `` the good old days '' - i do n't get how anyone can read that xenophobic bullshit . 
  we also like buying things outright in cash . 
  if we are going to buy it , we wo n't owe money on it . 
  yeah they do . 
  daimler also give discounts on mercedes models to employees , and i expect bmw and vw ( considering audi and vw are part of the same company ) do the same . 
  it gives an incentive for engineers to stay . 
  as a teen i always wore jeans , or shorts casually . 
  since entering my twenties and fashions having changed , i also wear chinos . 
  i would never wear sweatpants in public . 
  my parents also always wear jeans in public . 
  it 's not our fault you were in the way . 
  we wanted the quick way to invade paris and switzerland was n't easy for the tanks . 
  we really need to install information signs along the dutch border with `` caravans belong in the right-hand lane '' , perhaps on the one that also informs you of our speed limits * looks smugly at that advisory 130km/h autobahn limit *, 
  i 've eaten snails ( in london ) in the uk and seen them in supermarkets ( lidl , anyway ) . 
  so i guess they exist but its not that common . 
  - we like beer . 
  - we like to drive fast - we like to get drunk - we will eat anything made of meat - we like expensive cars - we do n't like spending money, 
  i have to say that 's true around europe . 
  you know you are really good friends with someone when they allow you to see them in sweatpants without doing some sort of sporting activity . 
  to be seen wearing sweatpants in public without a gym bag in hand or actually doing sports is seen as trashy . 
  i have been known to change to jeans because someone is coming over to my house to collect something ; not even going out . 
  i will also change into jeans and a t-shirt just to go to the supermarket . 
  edit : the really strange thing , is that ( with my friends anyway ) once you are good enough friends to see someone in sweatpants , they usually do n't care about being seen in their underwear either ( if same gender anyway ) whilst getting changed to go out to a club or whatever . 
  ** tl ; dr ** yep , we are meticulous around strangers , and do n't give a damn around friends . 
  it 's still fun though . 
  i 'm going to canstatter wasen with a few friends this year . 
  i prefer it because its cheaper and not so many people . 
  it 's still expensive by german standards though . 
  but would we replace the queen with angie ? 
  could be worse , could be a daily mail reader . 
  that explains how dailymail.co.uk and theladbible.com got into the uk 's top 15 . 
  nobody ever admits to using reddit , you know that . 
  why in the name of god did i agree to try spam ? 
  as a german you are brought up to not be scared of mystery meats but nope . 
  not again . 
  then you 'd fit in perfectly in germany !, 
  we have the finest greek and turkish food in the world !, 
  nah lager is good . 
  you should try german exportbier if you get the chance . 
  so far so good thanks / u/trucidator !, 
  i like the area and the people are good . 
  oh i 'm already a fan of thatcher 's gold and a lot of the ales ... considering making a pilgrimage of sorts to st austell to the brewery !, 
  this map is bullshit , just because we do n't have * specific * laws in place we get lower ranks . 
  not gon na argue with uk being the best though . 
   ardent shunner of minge that is the best way i have seen anyone describe themselves today . 
  you 've been res-tagged as that now . 
  employment is a curse that we all have to live with . 
  there was somewhere needing someone with languages , and i want to improve my spoken english , so for the next few months i am stealing your jobs and women !, 
   i expect to return to germany next year as this is fixed-term . 
  how dare you insult the religion of peace , kill him !!!!, 
  but seriously , these people need to be wiped from the face of the earth . 
  i agree with their unions that the tory party generally does not give a damn about anyone apart from the wealthy and people from london . 
  where i presently am in the south west a lot of people say life was much better before dave came along , and i 'm inclined to believe them . 
  public services cut back / gotten rid of , taxes going up , cost of living going up , wages going down , etc. 
  it 's true , we incorporated them into gro\u00dfdeutschland last year . 
  argh that sucks . 
  i 've heard some friends had bad experiences with families in other parts of the country ; dirty living spaces , people who did n't want to do anything but play video games , etc. 
  : / but i think every country has people like that . 
  germany certainly does . 
  i might poke fun at you ( its my duty as a german ) but you have made vast contributions to europe as a whole . 
  you 're part of the family whether you like it or not !, 
   plus , i do n't want outside-of-eu taxes on english tea . 
  that stuff is like cocaine to me . 
  for any brits who are wondering , twinings is the preferred brand to me as we have that or lipton . 
  can we not just shake hands and stand awkwardly complaining about the weather ? 
  currently being in devon , i know how you feel . 
  it seems everyone beyodnd 40 down here is ukip personified . 
  i 've even heard `` all human rights should be abolished '' - obviously only guilty people ever need those , the daily mail told him so . 
  netherlands is awesome but it does n't feel as close to being like home . 
  i 'm from the south so i 'm not used to somewhere so flat , and we have a different mentality to the dutch . 
  i 'd say its similar but they are behind the british , austrians and swiss for me . 
  come on over if you can find a job here ; we 're quite open to people from the uk . 
  we do n't have to teach you how to integrate , you just do it naturally here . 
  france itself is a wonderful place , its just that the people are so ... well ... so * french * . 
  i agree with you , our shared history sucks , but at least we are friends now !, 
  to me , the uk . 
  the geography in the south west is very similar to where i grew up , some of the cities ( bath , bristol , exeter ) are very nice , the people are for the most part very friendly , ale is an acceptable substitute for beer and the weather can be quite nice in summer . 
  a lot of the mentality between the british and the germans is very similar , and our cultures have a lot of similar points . 
  can confirm this happens daily . 
  fucking next town over , thinking they 're better than us .
