  well we have nicer bars and better looking people !, 
  plus their people smell funny and ca n't even speak german properly !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ neither ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ we ... 
  true that , the mittelrhein is quite nice . 
  indeed . 
  if you want to see a nice german castle go to schloss hohenzollern . 
  just like home without the depressing weather *, 
  we do n't trust east germans , or north germans , or bavarians , or badeners , or people from sigmaringen , or ... fuck it , we do n't trust germans , full stop . 
  plus is it just me , or is it badly written in general , not to mention full of conspiracy theories . 
  normally [ nrj ] ( http://energystuttgart.radio.de/ ) or [ dasding ] ( http://dasding.radio.de/ ) for me when at home . 
  [ 1live ] ( http://1live.radio.de/ ) is also okay , but i only listen to it in the car in the north really . 
  in english , bbc radio 1 or 2 . 
  i also like rtl and funradio in french . 
  a person from bielefeld ? 
  i can see through your lies !, 
  you do n't fool me !, 
  you do n't exist !, 
  eurgh even the thought of it ... swabia , sigmaringen and the rest of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg must stay together or they will try to incorporate us into bayern !, 
  german , french , english . 
  i can kinda grasp dutch , and italian isnt too difficult . 
  i imagine there would be riots in germany if the state tried to control beer sales . 
  its normally the other way around , breweries have a lot of power . 
  that looks like a damn fine local there . 
  mine is the the old `` country pub '' style , complete with roaring fire , huge plates of food , staff who do n't measure drinks to the millilitre and nobody asking questions about the 16 year olds in the corner who are keeping quietly to themselves anyway . 
  i like it . 
  interesting ; how has that affected prices , products available , etc ? 
  i know for the most part it 's just bullshit from racists who can not deal with change but it is depressing to hear . 
  i like the pub culture actually , it really does unify the country . 
  as for farage i think it 's the same as when cameron tries to stand with a pint ; attempting to appeal to the normal person . 
  nice try nigel but we can see through you . 
  thank goodness . 
  having just moved into devon for work i think i have found ukip headquarters . 
  had a man ranting to me in a pub about how all human rights should be abolished , and nigel farage is the only honest politician to have ever walked this earth . 
  it sounded much like i would imagine in my native germany in the late 1930s . 
  what i do n't think mr farage realises is that a lot of countries will probably say `` fine '' and deport all british people living there without a visa . 
  basically hes going to have thousands of angry people who have been deported on the streets of london . 
  the man is very arrogant and selfish with no care for the people who 's lives he will ruin . 
  you would think someone with a german wife would be more sympathetic to the problem he is likely to create if he gets into power . 
  met a lot of english this way , a lot of them fear nigel farage and fear he will ruin their plans for their lives because the daily mail will crowbar him into power . 
  morrisons have always had a thing for id cards with me . 
  i really do n't understand . 
  i 'm in my 20s but am cursed with looking like a 12 year old it seems . 
  you would think a guy in a suit with car keys and a credit card in hand would not get id 'd for something you need to be 16 for , but there you go . 
  i also did not understand the toaster one , i actually found it quite humourous . 
  i wonder how they think i will use it that requires id ... 
  i think it could damage farage 's agenda though . 
  the man is a xenophobe but even he must be able to see that uk industry will suffer without scotland and that trying to go it alone against the whole world may be impossible . 
  one can hope anyway . 
  i 'm now working in the uk and have british friends back at home . 
  i would hate to see everybody deported and having to get visas and all that rubbish just because of some drunk 's agenda . 
  i like the one with a lion , america , roads and rain . 
  there are other things you need it for , like signing a lease on a house , buying a car , getting a bank account , getting your packages from the post office ; you know , stuff like that . 
  makes life pretty difficult for an illegal immigrant . 
  plus the police can ask to see id yes if they believe you are acting suspiciously . 
  well the staff at the local morrisons demanded id for a toaster . 
  i was equally perplexed but they stood their ground on this one , you need id to buy a toaster . 
  have also been asked for id for energy drinks and various other items . 
  i 'm used to being asked for id every time i buy alcohol in the uk , despite being well over the legal age . 
  the uk is being the petulant child . 
  every time the eu comes up with something that would make * all * of our lives better , there is only ever * one * country that can be counted on to be against it * every single time * , it seems like `` well if you do n't want to do anything we suggest , but demand we do everything you suggest , well maybe it would be better for everyone if you left '' if everyone else in the room seems to be the problem , maybe its you who is the problem . 
  the police can , but i 'm from a small town in the south west . 
  maybe ask someone from berlin if its more regular . 
  exactly what i would like to see . 
  perhaps its the curse that i can not grow a beard properly ( and so look like i 'm a 12 year old with a bad haircut rather than a 20something year old ) , but i get asked for id everywhere i go in the uk for the most inane of things ( buying red bull , razors , and many more random objects that you would never think of , like toasters , have led to me being demanded for id in the uk ) so imagining how anyone gets through life in the uk without a photo id card on them at all times is quite hard for me . 
  france does indeed , as does almost everywhere else except the uk . 
  if the uk had id cards as well it would help you find those who are in your country illegally and have them promptly deported . 
  i really can not grasp why the uk mentality is `` eu = evil '' in every case . 
  when people wonder why it seems the rest of the eu hate the uk , its because we have given up on trying to help the petulant child who will not help himself . 
  maybe it would be better for everyone if you did leave the eu . 
  chances are you 're already carrying id documents with you though . 
  driver 's license or passport or something . 
  why not just get a single card that everyone can recognise across the continent , and can be used to quickly determine who you are . 
  if you do n't have your card with you because it was lost / stolen , a simple database search could bring it up . 
  you already have national insurance numbers , so there 's something to tie it to . 
  if we had a unified identity card system , it would be a lot easier to find those who are here illegally , and contrary to the uk 's general belief about the eu , we have had the system for years and not become a totalitarian state where the police conduct `` random '' searches all the time . 
  your police are generally more credible than most ( do n't even all carry guns , i see ) so i really do n't see the issue , aside from it being an eu thing . 
  the uk always has to be different , does n't it ? 
  most of the rest of us have compulsory id cards and we have not become something out of 1984 , what is going on in the british mentality ? 
  edit : just out of coincidence , i get asked for id in the uk far more than i ever do in my home country or any other ( bar the united states with their 21 drinking laws ) , so you surely always have some form of id on you ; why not get an id card system ? 
  the knee-jerk `` the whole of africa '' will come here part . 
  but i agree with you , europe can not sustain these people . 
  they can not stay . 
  to sound like a daily mail headline myself ; there simply is n't space for them in our economy . 
  if they have no documents then they should be locked away until they find some documents . 
  we need to make it eu wide law that everyone has an identity card on them , but i suspect the daily mail would be incensed at that ( again ) even though it would do a lot of good in terms of reducing illegal immigration . 
  the ones in calais need to be rounded up , have their documents checked and if they are in the country / schengen zone illegally , sent home . 
  the ports of marseille , etc need more patrols on them too . 
  europe is awesome , but we simply do n't have the resources to let everyone come here . 
  i think this is what fueled the rise of nigel farage , marine le pen , etc. 
  edit : the uk could be tougher on non-eu economic migrant and benefit criteria also ; do n't put out a honey pot and expect nothing to come . 
  eurgh do n't get me started on that , but they have got a very wrong opinion of the uk if they think its going to solve their problems . 
  they will keep trying and trying and wo n't take the hint . 
  i remember reading something a while ago , that a lot of these immigrants think that the streets of london are paved with gold , and only the uk will ever provide them with their dream lives . 
  while the other guy sounds a bit ukip for my liking , he 's right ; this is a cost we can not afford . 
  they should be but it seems they are trying to claim that france , and the whole schengen zone , are unsafe . 
  only britain and its lax benefit laws are safe . 
  this is what i do n't understand . 
  people who 's families came here to escape the oppressive regimes , and the children who want to turn our liberal regimes back into the oppressive ones their families escaped . 
  if they * really * want to live under an oppressive society where everything is dictated by the koran , why do n't they exercise the fact they are free to leave germany and go to saudi arabia . 
  i did n't even need to open the article to know it would be dieudonn\u00e9 ...
