  when talking to brits for us , the year is either 1945 or 1966 . 
  take your pick . 
  `` munich is 90 % of all german stereotypes , and 100 % of all bad german stereotypes . '', 
  yup . 
  its amazing how culturally insensitive some people are about our history . 
  one time a friend visited me in england , and some whitetrash brit ( a `` chav '' in british english ) thought he would try to be funny and made a nazi salute at him . 
  he completely snapped . 
  `` my grandparents were a baker , a shoemaker , a nurse and a department store worker . 
  my great grandmother died when the mighty winston fucking churchill decided it was fine to firebomb a city with no military significance , my grandfather 's family had their home and business siezed and given to poland for the crime of being german , and went by foot all the fucking way to berlin , only to find nothing and keep going to the west . 
  they were left with only what they could carry that some soviet did n't want . 
  tell me more about how we are all fucking nazis you high and mighty bastard '' i actually felt really bad for him . 
  edit : i suck at grammar sometimes . 
  ask if pizza is still considered a vegetable . 
  what about referring to places in poland by their german names ? 
  this also works for germans in a way . 
  tell them munich or bavaria are a much nicer city / region than theirs . 
  this works for all other germans . 
  if they are from bavaria tell them the north west is much nicer . 
  that 's the ones !, 
  from what the brits i meet in my workplace tell me , every time the conferences come around it becomes almost a competition to see who can openly challenge and dislike the eu the most . 
  most politicians are in favour of the eu and will never change it , but its politicial suicide to openly go against the rampant euroscepticism . 
  my friend is from somewhere in the champagne region ( department 51 according to his license plate , if this helps ) so the paris comment is always sure to work . 
  honestly i love france and the variations between regions in terms of landscape , culture and food are astounding . 
  paris is the one place that i prefer to avoid in your country . 
  the marching one is just a reference to myself being from germany ; complaining that the weather is not optimal for german soldiers to be marching through france  i sometimes also like to wind him up by saying that the roads are unsuitable for our tanks . 
  he gets me back with nazi jokes and comments about our food though , so its all in good fun . 
  an american once asked me `` is like , everyone in europe like , gay or something ? '', 
  i asked what they were referring to , and basically had a definition of `` cultured '' read back to me . 
  i love you guys and used to live just north of the border , but here goes : stare blankly when the switzerd\u00fctsch talk in german and ask them to repeat in english , ask them why they do n't just break up and become parts of germany / france / italy , or demand they become part of the eu . 
  i imagine those would work well . 
  i find hugging complete strangers works wonders in finland , along with telling them to smile and try getting out of the sauna for once . 
  i also like to wind up those i know by saying that suopotkupallo is not a real sport . 
  my favourites to wind up my very good friend from france is to tell him that paris is all there is to see in the country , the food is unrefined and that today 's weather would have been terrible for marching . 
  ** germany ** - drive slowly in the left-hand lane of the autobahn . 
  - tell them a different region has much better beer . 
  - ask them what their family did in world war 2 . 
  - ask if they are aryan . 
  - ask where hitler is buried . 
  - comment on how the area looks like it got bombed pretty bad . 
  - call them alcoholics . 
  - preach about the dangers of drinking or smoking . 
  - complain that environmentalism is a waste of time . 
  - tell them hiking is boring . 
  - praise the deutsche bahn for being cheap or efficient . 
  - tell them the americans make better cars / beer / food . 
  - insist a vegan option be found without prior warning . 
  - claim that another city is much nicer and that their german is far more understandable . 
  that should do it much more than eco-fascism . 
  `` i love the eu . 
  either join the euro , use the metric system and accept that you are european or piss off and go join your american masters . 
  queues are for pussies , just push your way through . 
  milk does not belong in tea , and i piss better beer than that lukewarm , low-alcoholic , overpriced shit . 
  strongbow cider is good though . '', 
  - how to get yourself killed in the uk . 
  [ here is the olympiastadion from outside ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/63/berlin_olympiastadion_aussen.jpg ) . 
  the design is very typical of albert speer and you can really see the nazis dream of turning berlin into the new rome in it . 
  it got renovated in 2006 to be used in the world cup . 
  he 's a pro-islamic , anti-western apologist , to put it quite simply . 
  i know this is oversimplifying him but that 's the general gist of him . 
  i imagine hmrc would have something to say about that if a uk person tried though . 
  being an island makes these things much easier to check . 
  then drop them from your national health service . 
  i like the concept of a national health service but it does need changing . 
  yeah i do know its bad for my health . 
  also its my right to smoke . 
  i know what it does to me , i do n't particularly care at the moment . 
  i really do n't appreciate a government preaching to me about what i can and can not do . 
  in the uk smoking is almost criminalised . 
  you can hardly smoke anywhere and the prices are horrendous . 
  remember , those of you who think this is good ; one day cigarettes , in the name of `` public health '' will be all but illegal in the uk . 
  then nanny government will turn her eyes to your alcohol , or your sugary drinks , or your fatty food . 
  in fact , with your insanely high alcohol prices , she 's already looking . 
  and of course , is there honestly anything in her job description that he could not hire a british person for ? 
  british people who want a job are willing to work at all hours of the day , deal with confidential info , etc. 
  someone start a petition to ukip to have her sacked and replaced with a british citizen , as she 's painting a bad image of the party . 
  as someone who smokes and lives in the uk , this is why i stockpile whenever i go home . 
  got ta love when nanny government knows best . 
  i do love it when the media point out that she is stealing british jobs , and demand to know why her job ( working for farage as his secretary ) ca n't be done by a british person . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm actually working in southwest england at the moment . 
  a lot of older and more rural people here seem to think that the daily mail is pure fact and that nigel farage is a saint . 
  listening to the way they speak about germany and the eu , you could think they were expecting the luftwaffe to come over the horizon any moment as angela hitler declares them to be the slave labour the 4th reich . 
  luckily there are some more enlightened people down here , but i do n't know if they 're enough to block the ukip tide . 
  however , if mr farage gets his way it will be a lot harder for you to get a job in the eu unless you have a very specific skillset that we need . 
  i have a lot of british friends in germany and here who are planning to move away who are getting very nervous that cameron / farage could really screw up their future plans . 
  well , at least it took several at the same time ? 
  also please change it to the nazi flag for the ones we invaded in wwii . 
  i would say so , along with marine le pen . 
  while i disagree with mr farage 's policies , he is incredibly charismatic . 
  well done on him for having a laugh and getting behind the team . 
  do n't forget wank . 
  i do n't know where in england you are , but where i am it seems to be political suicide to even be anything but wholly against the whole eu . 
  looking forward to when russia joins the is-bombing party . 
  how could anyone in britain afford to drink any more with those beer prices ?!, 
  insane . 
  can you imagine if boris got it ; `` prime minister seen running down tourists with his bicycle , shouting ` out of the way , oiks ! ' '', 
  exactly . 
  i 've met people from many countries and would find it very hard to support a war against them , even though these countries are n't exactly what our government would consider an ally . 
  for example : russians are some of the nicest people i 've ever met , just goes to show that we are all pretty similar , its just our governments and nationalism that are the problems . 
  why in the world would anybody want to make their healthcare system * more * like the usa ?
