  it just seems such an alien concept to me . 
  `` stronger together '' and all that . 
  edit : grammar, 
  agreed . 
  once the uk leaves the eu ( lets face it , they will ) the eu can strengthen itself and become a more powerful entity than the united states , russia , china , etc. 
  one of the top comments on a german site was `` let the islanders live in isolation '' and i have to agree fully . 
  the sooner the uk leave the eu the sooner the eu can actually progress . 
  the uk seems to solely exist within the union to make sure it can never do anything good . 
  [ it looks amazing ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2009/7/9/1247145711871/corus-plant-at-scunthorpe-001.jpg ) !, 
  aside from the 2 you have mentioned ; marbella in spain , rimini in italy , berlin , hamburg , budapest and prague . 
  i also hear zagreb is cheap . 
  cardiff was pretty cool when i went there too but nothing like as cool as the others i 've mentioned . 
  if you have basically unlimited money ; london and paris are also worth a visit , but your wallet will be emptied otherwise . 
  next time try / r/askeurope for more responses . 
  ok mr farage , we 've told you you 're not welcome around here . 
  please take mme le pen with you . 
  indeed . 
  i know of people who * walked * from east prussia to berlin , with the only things to their name being what they could carry that the allies didnt want , who 's only crime had been being german . 
  made me quite angry when russia decided to declare that they had done no wrong and made it illegal to say otherwise . 
  i suspect the uk will be ukip majority ... 
  but then i have to sit on the autobahn for a few hours . 
  first world problems . 
  was a little drunk last night ... yeah , i would like to see hefeweizen marketed around the world . 
  ideally it will be one of the munich ones as all the german stereotypes come from bavaria anyway . 
  there are no motorways , and the main roads ( i think they were a-something ) actually had crossroads on them in places . 
  it was an experience swerving my car into the fast lane to avoid a tractor . 
  wow , thats ... something . 
  but you guys have those lights in your motorways . 
  thats so cool . 
  we ca n't have it as it gets so cold our roads would shatter in winter if they had that . 
  you see some horrible accidents as a result . 
  i guess everywhere has its positives and negatives . 
  ah ok , i did look at them and was like `` why is the autobahn going down to 80 ... oh man , wow . '', 
  when i saw it for the first time . 
  even more fun driving out at night ... 
  who has n't ? 
  i prefer our 5,0 to heineken ... and 5,0 is as crass as you can get !, 
  amstel is your best beer to offer the world in my opinion . 
  no , never driven north of cambridge , driven right as far west as you can go and it wasnt too bad . 
  cornwall was ... interesting to drive in . 
  i do n't get why the uk has such a low limit . 
  their roads seemed ok last time i was there . 
  took me a while to understand the whole drive-on-the-left bit though . 
  a lot of eu countries dont have the driving discipline to do this without accidents skyrocketing ... 
  you 're missing 50km of traffic , helene fischer on repeat on the radio , a counter-flow system , and road workers not actually doing road work . 
  we ca n't hear you over the sound of pouring our hefeweizen ;-), 
  i know of a few sections like when coming into freiburg and munich its 80km/h , but that 's due to the fact it starts winding through the forest and munich is munich and so always has heavy traffic ( coming from stuttgart direction anyway ), 
  i think that was when the rest of the world caught on to our massive transcontinental in-joke ; so funny, 
  because its where we go on holiday , and are normally found drunk . ^ just ^ like ^ germany, 
  my hint to the english speakers : sound like you 're from another country like france or something . 
  we will talk to you in our own language until communication gets so difficult we say `` speak english ? '', 
  american/australian/canadian etc accents do n't hide very well , and we like a chance to test our english . 
  `` english leads you gently up the hill , becoming gradually harder but nothing too difficult with past experiences until you finally conquer it ; german drops you at the base of a vertical cliff , says * viel spa\u00df * and watches as you begin your slow ascent '', 
  you 've also been coaxed into saying that one by british/american people ? 
  * `` skvirivval , skerral , skvurl , how do you say this ? 
  the people who tended to be like that were driven out of europe long ago , and it seems mostly went to live in america where their descendents continue . 
  not so much as in the past , but still probably the most religious country in the eu . 
  the religious extremists are considered a bit of a joke here . 
  i would agree with this . 
  go via the klausenpass and gottardpass , down into lugano , and on from there to milan . 
  took me a full day 's driving . 
  to give you an idea : milan to stuttgart took me 6 hours by autobahn , and that was when they were mostly clear . 
  without autobahn ( which you need a pass for in switzerland ) it will take much longer but is so worth it . 
  do n't forget dresden . 
  it 's a bit cheaper to live there too . 
  a week in england when i was 15 and a week in france when i was 16 . 
  also been to paris a few times when i was at university ( studied business and languages ) . 
  we wanted to go to russia but the visas proved to be a hassle . 
  apparently my old school is nowadays doing trips to america . 
  lucky bastards . 
  outside of the eu ? 
  a small town in switzerland . 
  outside of the european continent ? 
  agreed . 
  the hohenzoller family can keep their castles but i do n't want them in power . 
  fastest is thalys . 
  most cost effective would be idbus or eurolines . 
  i know most people in the uk use their driving license or passport . 
  really ? 
  i always thought thats what this kind of bread is supposed to be like . 
  also your fried breakfasts are the single greatest thing ever when you have a hangover ; having just woken up with my mouth tasting like vodka and shame after a friend 's going-away party , i would drive to england right now for one of those were i not probably still over the limit . 
  agreed . 
  in germany there are loads with good data options . 
  be wary of the base network though , they are cheap but their 3g can drop to nothing in the middle of berlin . 
  germany | 20-30 | straight guy with a gay best friend not much in the small towns , however the big cities like k\u00f6ln , stuttgart , berlin , hamburg have pretty good gay scenes . 
  gay bars are to be found in the big cities . 
  he says he uses grindr as a dating / hookup service and it works pretty effectively and pretty quickly in the city . 
  i personally only know of him and a few of his friends who are gay , but it seems like germany is a pretty open country nowadays . 
  moreso in the west than east , and moreso in the north than the still heavily catholic south . 
  bayern , w\u00fcrttemberg and the old ddr apart from berlin are apparently pretty conservative . 
  berlin is the best bet if you want to meet a gay german , in sch\u00f6neberg district . 
  just remembered , depending on your tolerance to spicy food you might wan na know the word `` scharf '' , along with `` nicht so scharf '' or you could be in for a bit of a surprise . 
  summer clothes with a light jacket . 
  its been hot the last few weeks but when the rain comes , it comes hard . 
  any clothes that will enable you to be resistant to humidity . 
  i speak for germany when i say its been unbearable at times these last few weeks . 
  personally i wear jeans through it but i 'm used to being from a place with no air conditioning . 
  honestly you 're not going to a remote village in the jungle . 
  people speak good english in those cities . 
  all the german you should need is `` hallo '' , `` tchao '' , and `` mein deutsch ist nicht so gut , sprechen sie englisch ? '',
