  to answer your question , yes i do think it makes a difference . 
  just like the photographs on the packets made the difference for so many people . 
  i think the appropriate question to ask is why does cork hate us ... 
  that 's a very good observation . 
  funny you say that !, 
  it 's my favourite part too !, 
  and that 's why changes are being made very soon . 
  we campaigned for full box coverage but this could n't be agreed on . 
  warning label will now be 2/3rds of the box across the eu . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure we 're one of the few that do n't get charged for tap water . 
  issues here are , we know that the money collected will most likely not be spent on upgrading and improving the facilities that treat , hold and distribute the water . 
  like most new taxes in ireland , they 're going to pay for the reckless behaviour of our banking sector . 
  slightly embarresed that i had to look up where that was . 
  yeah it sucks being without running water , especially for a country who has a great deal of it . 
  seems crazy to me that the treatment for my city only works on a surplus of 1 % . 
  so any issues with the treatment and suddenly there is a restriction put in place . 
  not to mention the installation of water meters in ireland within the next year or so . 
  we 're going to be taxed on the water we use and little to no money will be put back into the terrible facilities and poor percentage values of water lost to leaking . 
  / rant over, 
  well that seemed to be the standard case throughout europe around the time he was initially requesting asylum . 
  regardless of how high a profile the wistleblowing is , i would like to think that my country , ireland , would grant asylum with open arms . 
  instead some general answer was sent out about how you have to be in the country to request it . 
  yeah not sure how he 's going to cope with being second in command . 
  will o'neill be able to keep him under control or will he be given free reign . 
  any developments on edward snowden going to germany ? 
  yeah surprisingly enough it rarely floods in ireland . 
  but when it does ... 
  it floods !, 
  uhh that 's disgusting . 
  not sure i 'm going to be able to drink tap water again . 
  ** ireland ** * looks like our new international soccer manager has been chosen . 
  martin o'neill with roy keane as assistant . 
  they 're being heralded as the a team by the national media . 
  * the capital , dublin , is without tap water from 6/7pm to 6/7am . 
  there is an issue with one of the main treatment facilities that just ca n't keep up with the demand . 
  for some reason , the water is taking longer to treat and as a result , restrictions have been put in place . 
  * this week was also the dublin web summit which is seen to be largest startup conference in europe . 
  tech companies from all over the world came to dublin to network , share ideas and to discuss important issues . 
  [ the city centre was also nicely lit up for the event too . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/susanmaxwell777/status/395979021974249472/photo/1 ), 
  water comes out of my tap but you can tell it 's not right . 
  almost looks like milk it 's that white . 
  hard to believe that a european capital is without fresh water for 13 hours a day . 
  pretty sure the pipes in my area are lead too . 
  have to admit , i giggled when it went out and he looked around trying to find someone . 
  with all of the security the torch had in the uk this just seemed like a comedy sketch . 
  i 'm just going by the comments made by dr peter boylan about the procedures carried out by the national maternity hospital regardless of what the law says . 
  thanks for that . 
  i would imagine that if they included the amount of woman who travel to the uk it would be higher than 5 - 8 % do we have any references for this graph so we can see who supplied these figures ? 
  so you think that no abortions what so ever were carried out in the irish state ? 
  holles street hospital , in dublin have carried out abortion procedures well before the introduction of legislation after the savita case . 
  the savita case was down to gross negligence of the medical staff in recording her symptoms and acknowledging that her life was at stake . 
  do n't get me wrong , i welcome the new legislation and wish that it would go further so as to allow the patient to make their own informed decision however saying that there was no such thing as abortion in ireland for serious cases prior to this legislation is untrue . 
  your statistics are about the us . 
  does n't really hold that much weight in a subreddit about europe . 
  abortions are , and always were , available in life threatening scenarios in ireland . 
  the recent change in legislation clarified this position along with introduce legislation for the x case . 
  do n't forget some of that sleek and modern furniture you guys make !, 
  we 're going to need about 740 million chairs , glasses , sets of knives and forks . 
  ireland : [ beef and guinness pie ] ( http://www.odlums.ie/recipes/odlums-recipes/savoury/beef-guinness-pie/ ), 
  hey ... everything 's a competition !, 
  even when we 're fighting to not be last in something . 
  the eurovision springs to mind :p, 
  yeah that seems about right : /, 
  from mailpile twitter account . 
   it appears $ 640 ( 2 donations over 3 wks old ) are placed on hold for suspicion - the remaining $ 44.6 k seems to have been released , progress . 
  by far my favourite rendition of the national anthem , along side [ this gem too ] ( http://youtu.be/fue_nvvgat0?t=1m11s ) . 
  have to admit , i was a little teary eyed watching it at home . 
  we will never let it go . 
  unlike a lot of countries , getting into the world cup is a major achievement and having it snatched away from us was heart breaking . 
  if it was a larger nation in place of us , there would have been a replay . 
  amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann which translates to `` a solider 's song '' is always sung in irish . 
  it 's played so often , bit it at home rugby games , gaelic matches , football matches etc. 
  that you just sort of know it by heart . 
  you 're right , irish is a language that 's not used , other than in small communities or in school but it will always be there in our national anthem . 
  i love the fact that they could have a 20 or 30 men playing the bag pipes for the anthem but instead they just put one lone bag piper up on the rafters of the stadium . 
  so powerful . 
  yeah ... that was before henry . 
  :p i do n't know why but i always catch myself humming along to the french , italian and scottish national anthems . 
  so catchy . 
  need to do my patriotic duties and big up our own national anthem . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/_6_uszthixu?t=44s ), 
  maybe it 's due to the six nations and the 5 times a year that i hear them but my favourite anthems are la marseillaise and [ flower of scotland ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fevykszv1bc ) . 
  both give my shivers . 
  especially when the bag pipes cut and let the crowd carry on . 
  we love a good old [ sing-along ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7fros1pqkq ) !, 
  we just need the big ones ... the others do n't matter . 
  yeah yeah , love and shit ... now where 's our oil ? 
  epic reference . 
  hey dude , we 're still here , 
  property i 'm in went up to 1.3 million at the peak . 
  now about 400,000 . 
  i feel very sorry for those on the street that bought during the boom . 
  ... and ours while they 're at it , 
  the irish forecast is good . 
  2 % growth . 
  irish performance is hardly the reason why growth on the continent is stagnant or recessive . 
  you want to talk about ludicrous ? 
  your comparisons are ludicrous . 
  stop trying to muddle the points you are making .
