  why is the single decker so favoured in the rest of europe ? 
  is public transport not used as much elsewhere ? 
  just saw this on youtube today . 
  for something that i have no connection to , i could n't help tear up a bit . 
  there is something about national events that i love . 
  people taking just a brief moment out of their day to remember those who have died for their country . 
  we have quite an important event coming up in 2016 . 
  it will be the 100 year anniversary of the 1916 easter rising . 
  possibly the beginning of the end of british rule in ireland . 
  i like the idea of a sticky thread at the top like a thread of the day . 
  that enables the mods to shine a light on posts that diversify the sub while also allowing the users to post and upvote what 's important to them which currently is the war in ukraine as well as other major political events . 
  i would say try and mix up the topics as much as possible and do n't stick to just historical dates . 
  we can look at things like food , drinks , beers , famous people nationally , traditions etc. 
  i love all of the posts that show how diverse we are . 
  that taxi post with all of the different taxis from around europe sounds so stupid but it was great to see . 
  i want to see more stuff like that . 
  there has been a few threads that i 've enjoyed reading through recently that were n't based on politics . 
  one of them last week was about local cuisine and what you 're favourite dish was from your country . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the states is n't a competitive place when it comes to broadband servicing . 
  in a lot of places you have one provider and that 's it . 
  you have massive rates with very poor service because there is no incentive to work on lines that only service a few homes that are miles apart . 
  take a look at the states . 
  just because a service is supplied privately does n't necessarily mean that there 's going to be competition . 
  what you get with a state run industry as opposed to something that 's privately run is equality in service . 
  no matter where you live , the state will do their best to provide you with the essential service . 
  using you 're analogy , individual homes down in the countryside would have nothing more than a trickle of water coming out of their taps because `` their homes are n't in a commercially viable region '', 
  it 's hard to beat a nice apple pie or crumble with a dollop of cream . 
  we do a great indian spiced leg of lamb on the bbq . 
  so so good . 
  in ireland it 's more down to the actual quality of each individual element of the dish . 
  it 's hard to beat irish beef , specifically a nice irish fillet steak with a helping of pepper sauce . 
  really need to travel more i 've only been to a few countries and out of them it has to be belgium or spain . 
  nearly every second summer we were in the south of spain so i know it like the back of my hand !, 
  like someone else pointed out , it 's very hard to pick somewhere in europe that is n't nice . 
  not replace . 
  treat them with the same level of diplomacy which hurts israel more than expelling their ambassador . 
  in fact , ireland was the first country in the eu to upgrade the palestinian diplomatic mission here . 
  we still do n't recognise them as an official state but they have greater privileges here than in other countries . 
  oh it 's real . 
  go to their website and click on the twitter icon down on the right hand side . 
  it 's their official twitter page http://embassies.gov.il/dublin/pages/default.aspx they 've taken down the post now after the reaction they got but i guess you just have to take my word and others here who saw it . 
  is n't there a rumour that the army helped with the initial explosion ? 
  pretty sure i 've heard that from time to time . 
  also the pictures are incredible . 
  these are the streets that i 've walked up and down as a kid knowing that just about 100 years ago they were in ruins . 
  if any of you visit dublin , look at some of the statues on o'connell street . 
  you can still see the bullet holes from the 1916 rising . 
  the pillars of the gpo [ 1 ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-u8wsbnsr_hu/tpblvrqipoi/aaaaaaaaas8/uv5q033-roe/s1600/gpopillars.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-6yycse6g8ey/tlpz-snpqki/aaaaaaaaafm/rlmrjmyvexc/s1600/img_7476.jpg ) , [ 3 ] ( http://www.foundmark.com/ireland/dublin/dublintour/gpo_bulletholes.jpg ) and some of the statues on the street [ 1 ] ( http://www.irelands-hidden-gems.com/images/bulletintit.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( http://ppcdn.500px.org/76128605/3c004301b3ef71e0c23041a81c6ee90ccd0ae48d/4.jpg ) ,, 
  it has been taken down now ... 
  even tweets like this are a bit weird for an embassy to be making . 
   the irish independent today on what is going on.miles better than the biased rubbish in the irish ( palestinian ) times the irish times is a national paper here . 
  the actual tweet . 
  it makes you stop and think if it 's not a spoof account . 
  from what i can tell it 's the real deal . 
  https://twitter.com/israelinireland/status/492792530300567552 edit : the official web page from the isreali embassy in dublin links to this twitter account so yes , it 's theirs . 
  definitely much prefer the regulation colour idea . 
  i can imagine we would have an uphill battle here in ireland trying to get them all to abide by it . 
  something to point out , the pictures you have for dublin are a little out of date . 
  now all taxis have to have the official banner or logo on their front doors . 
  [ here ] ( http://cdn2.independent.ie/migration_catalog/article28802570.ece/57232/alternates/h342/taxi-i ) is a what it looks like . 
  just read there that there was an irish born woman on the flight . 
  it hurts deep down when it 's just one of my own . 
  i ca n't comprehend what it 's like to lose so many fellow country men and women . 
  rip . 
  i hate when people are on the fence about things but i sort of feel like this is one of the occasions that i am . 
  i completely agree with you but to look at it from another position , if i was a woman and wanted to move to another country where , let 's say it was mandatory to wear a full veil , i would be outraged that i did n't have the right to wear what i wanted . 
  like i said , i 'm sort of on the fence about this ban . 
  while there are some serious security concerns with someone having the right to fully cover their person at all times and a culture that is completely at odds with the west , i sort of feel that something we 're glancing over here is an attempt to remove some freedoms of expression and such . 
  the problem with tidal in particular is the difficulty in finding suitable locations where the flow velocity of the water is of a commercially viable speed . 
  there is one operational in the north and i think it 's just about viable . 
  wave energy is very very young , i believe , and needs a great deal more research . 
  i 'm partial to wind energy if i 'm honest . 
  we have one of the best wind speeds in europe and while we 're never going to get a base load until storage is sorted , we are seeing nice contributions from our wind farms . 
  we 're missing out in ireland . 
  we have no issue importing nuclear energy from the uk but it 's too much of an ask to have it in the country . 
  reminds me , oddly , of the lack of abortion clinics in this country . 
  we get someone else to fix the problem and pretend like nothing 's wrong . 
  smoking around others is n't taking care of your own business though . 
  that 's the thing . 
  there is a difference between working in a smoke filled room and an open air beer garden . 
  not to mention the fact that as a non smoker when i go to my local bar i do n't have to sit across from you and your smoking friends . 
  you 've obviously never been to an irish beer garden . 
  lots of heaters , covered , 3/4 length walls . 
  an outright ban would be a silly approach imo . 
  an outright ban would only fuel the illegal market . 
  the current approach of slow increment in pricing , education , campaigns etc serves as a road map to our goal of a smoke free country by 2025 . 
  is n't that what beer gardens are ? 
  if i want to go to the pub to have a pint , i should n't have to be forced to go to a different pub because i do n't want a lung full of smoke . 
  something interesting to also add here . 
  it is now illegal to smoke in a car with a child on board in ireland . 
  unfortunately we have a lot of very socially conservative politicians and as a result i ca n't see there being a vote on this any time soon . 
  there will be a referendum on same sex marriage in 2015 , so one step at a time really . 
  not necessarily . 
  i was sort of a combination of a couple of things . 
  for a start it was looking out for the health of those who have to work in these environments . 
  also , with the importance of the pub trade in ireland and it 's close ties to our tourism industry it was felt that a more welcoming environment for everyone and not just smokers was a plus . 
  2015 , they wo n't have to wait too much longer for equality . 
  we love to do things first here , 
  i might be wrong in my assumption but alcohol is ok in moderation whereas smoking is n't .
