  also shortest to longest . 
  it 's just like the uproar that i saw in fermanagh where the new council vans ( in an act of equality and unity ) were labelled in both irish and english . 
  the uup ( ulster unionist party ) was n't too happy with this . 
  i think it 's the best way to refer to the city . 
  you do n't offend one side or the other when it 's written as londonderry/derry . 
  i was n't directly talking about the fact that they mistook it for an `` arabic flag '' moreso that people have very strong feelings about particular flags in northern ireland . 
  it 's the same thing as your israeli/palestinian analogy . 
  people of different regions and backgrounds hate their enemies flag . 
  it 's like waving a red rag in front of a bull . 
  not too long ago you had groups like the ira or the uvf fighting in the north under their respective flags . 
  that 's a great little sketch is n't it !, 
  that 's the only one i had seen before getting the links together too . 
  the other stuff i remember from watching it on the news so i went searching . 
  well for a start , there are a lot of people who consider themselves irish and not british . 
  they consider the tri colour as their flag and fly it proudly . 
  on the other hand , there are individuals who are very proud to be british . 
  here are a few clips to give you a sense of the whole thing . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k622rddsjc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ndq0cau0l8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rkl3i-x52i and one more that takes the mick out of the whole situation . 
  ahh i get it . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think it was a prank . 
  it was a celebration at the win by europe in the ryder cup . 
  was just about to say this . 
  in any other country this would be absurd , but in northern ireland , flags are a major deal . 
  definitely . 
  there 's still a bit of anti-english mentality amoung some of the republicans but over all we 're fairly sure that you 're a great bunch-o-lads !, 
  ps ... our friendship does n't apply during the six nations !, 
  nothing like beating the old enemy at home on st patrick 's weekend !, 
  like the big brother , little brother fights . 
  the day will come when we 're both out having pints together reminiscing the hair pulling , punching and slapping that went on years before !, 
  yes , definitely . 
  also an issue that government is obsessed with . 
  minimum pricing will be on the way soon . 
  i could help but think of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-snekwocylo ) when i was looking at that !, 
  i heard there 's a free bottle of vodka with every purchase and an opportunity to upgrade to a free new wife . 
  all of those ingredients while maintaining a solid hinge !, 
  cuisine de france masterpieces . 
  the pinnacle of french bread stick engineering !, 
  say good bye to the 1.99 breakfast rolls . 
  they were good while they lasted . 
  now they 're going to go back up to 4.99 . 
  a villa in turkey sounds mighty fine right now !, 
  i guess it 's something you can only ponder . 
  i can only assume that the lows would have been worse but perhaps shorter in length and with a much quicker recovery but that 's just a wild assumption . 
  that post was n't really related to what i was talking about . 
  there is a letter held by the ecb that was sent to the late minister for finance here in ireland before the night that the banks were guaranteed . 
  the copies here in ireland have `` gone missing '' , while the copy held by the ecb si n't being released because they want `` to protect the financial stability of ireland '' . 
  i definitely agree with what was in the post that you linked to but i think the contents of that letter would make for very interesting reading . 
  it makes you wonder ... how differently would things have been for us if the government did n't guarantee banking debt ( or were n't forced by the eu to guarantee it depending on how you look at it ) . 
  well that 's sort of what i was getting at . 
  the press in the us went crazy over something weiner did in his private life whereas here we have someone who has shown a bit of skin in office . 
  he was such a great politician . 
  shame he could n't keep it in his pants . 
  imagine if this was in the states . 
  it would be like anthony weiner x10 . 
  love the coat of arms for that battle group . 
  sorry lads ... we 're too busy !, 
  [ peacekeeping is a tiring job ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sejgrvnifk ) !, 
  probably on this island . 
  up north maybe ? 
  you get used to it all really ... 
  yeah he was laying them up there . 
  it was hard for me not to snap . 
  what 's concerning about all of this to me is the slow realisation that if we , or anyone else for that matter , were in a similar position as ukraine currently , i 'm not so sure if any of our partners in europe would be prepared or interested in coming to our aid . 
  it is something that is said from time to time when these ludicrously hypothetical war scenarios are talked about . 
  the standard answer that 's given is ... well our neighbours would come to our rescue if `` country x '' attempted to invade . 
  i suppose with my love of rugby and the six nations , my favourite anthems are going to be from one of the other 5 participants . 
  for me , scotland has one of my favourites . 
  especially with a solo bag pipes player and then finished off by the crowd . 
  [ absolute spine tingler ] ( http://youtu.be/5ly0xxeo7rk?t=3s ) . 
  also love the italian anthem and the russian anthem . 
  yeah well ... we did n't want to be on your list anyway !, 
  a lot of tanks and missile trucks there . 
  very worrying . 
  just finished my degree in that university in dublin this year , 
  well yes , `` ireland '' is both a geographical and geopolitical term to describe both the country that makes up the larger area of the island and then the island itself . 
  as for the psni and those land rovers , they 're only used north of the border in northern ireland . 
  the police force in the republic of ireland is called `` an garda siochana '' . 
  it 's all good . 
  just nice to inform someone who might not be aware that the island is partitioned . 
   focus estates yup and they [ look great ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3718/13151041653_4bd128afc4_z.jpg ) . 
  [ high five friend !, 
  ] ( http://c3.thejournal.ie/media/2012/10/police-segway-patrol-630x419.jpg ), 
  correction : northern ireland . 
  there are still some conflicts in northern ireland from time to time and hence these land rovers come in handy . 
  they 're very common . 
  [ segway cops ] ( http://c2.thejournal.ie/media/2012/10/31102012-dublin-city-business-ass-2-630x485.jpg ) . 
  do we win ? 
  actually , never thought about that !, 
  that 's definitely something we 're missing in dublin . 
  it was proposed when times were good but unfortunately it was n't worked on . 
  instead we have two tram lines that they 're in the middle of connecting together . 
  you mean the green light for pedestrians ? 
  i guess it 's just something we 've grown up doing . 
  if there 's no cars coming then sure what 's the point hanging around ... 
  you should try the nitelink then . 
  they run early in the morning at the weekend . 
  the guys who drive them you would swear have a pizza in the oven and need to get home to take it out . 
  they 're really quick . 
  so only berlin , dublin and london use double deckers ?
