  again the same applies to pain medication which interestingly chemists here have to inform you that there is codeine in a product when you buy it . 
  when you expect socialised medicine and your habit affects those around you then yes , the government has every right to dictate when and where you smoke . 
   where are the shock-pictures for car drivers ? 
  here you go . 
  a recent irish anti speeding advert . 
  is this what you were looking for ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yeoygarmas as for the smog , i have n't heard of someone being treated for or due to the inhalation of smog recently in irish hospitals . 
  not sure if it 's something the government should be looking into . 
  because cigarettes are bad for you and the people around you regardless of how often you smoke . 
  that 's exactly what the irish state 's approach is . 
  we 're moving towards a smoke free country by 2025 . 
  now i doubt that 's achievable but it 's a good goal to have . 
  as far as i 'm concerned if it stops people from taking up smoking then by all means . 
  i guess your going to be one of these people who support the tobacco industry as they attempt to protect their `` intellectual property rights '', 
   those packets are disgusting . 
  they could at least have gone with the `` plain white '' option rather than the `` gruesome pictures '' one . 
  is n't that the point ? 
  the idea of this move is to make the packets as gruesome and sickening as the habit is . 
  the aim is to prevent people from taking it up . 
  the blokes who put them in ? 
  would n't another have to lose seats to cater for a new member ? 
  first eurovision , now the eu . 
   for the record , i personally would prefer to stay neutral on this issue . 
  too much religious clusterfuck involved with israel , jerusalem and that whole place . 
  understandable . 
  well it could be argued that responding to a comment about how someone has n't heard the far left making racist or anti semite remarks with `` you 've never seen them discussing the israel-palestine issue then '' could indicate that you believe that the far left are anti semitic . 
  basically means that you 're trying to act as if you never said something or you 're trying to get away from something you said . 
  i think anyway ... 
  i was simply stating that if you 're not from ireland then you would n't realise how important fdi is for the economy and how integral our low corporation tax is to this model . 
  it 's easy coming from a large country to dismiss and be angry at our taxation model , but it works . 
  a common corporation tax across europe is not in our interest . 
  also just because these companies have a footprint here does n't mean they would stay if the model was changed . 
  dells ability to just get up and leave a significant plant provides proof for that . 
  the vast majority of which they did n't make in this country . 
  60 million euro is a lot for the irish economy . 
  you act as if it 's just our problem . 
  these agreements that the likes of apple have in place where they shift profits to an irish subsidiary due to intellectual property rights have been sanctioned by the us congress and authorised by the us treasury . 
  as for fostering innovation , by being here they outsource a lot of work which creates positions that need to be filled by small to medium tech enterprises . 
  thus fostering home grown entrepreneurship and innovation . 
  you 're obviously not from ireland so you just do n't understand the importance of having these companies in this country . 
  your idea of a standard european wide tax will do nothing to attract them to our shores . 
  why set up a hq or a fab plant in ireland when you can set it up in the uk/france and pay the same rate of tax ? 
  in this current climate we need to be aggressive in our approach as to how to get the biggest companies in the world to ireland . 
  between 2007 and 2011 google paid nearly 70 million euro into the irish exchequer . 
  while it 's a fractional percentage of the 40 odd billion they made in profits if these specific loopholes are n't in place then ireland would n't have the likes of microsoft , intel , ibm , twitter , dropbox etc on our doorstep . 
  as someone mentioned here as well , we 're a small country at the edge of europe with a population size the same as new zealand yet we have a list of headquarters befitting a country nearly 3 or 4 times our size . 
  our tax policy is important . 
  it 's not all down to money . 
  these big companies foster innovation and help develop home grown tech smes . 
  same goes for the pharmaceutical industry . 
  while they pay little tax on overall profits , they still pay a considerable amount of money in ireland and are important to have around . 
  ireland is a low tax economy and that , along with our highly skilled work force , is what makes us a lucrative country for these businesses to set up shop in . 
  those chairs on the flag just stack so perfectly !, 
  the blue shirts http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blueshirts, 
  it 's a club ... did n't say it was a good one though !, 
  welcome to the club portugal !, 
  the ukrainian interim government needs to show restraint . 
  as soon as they start fighting , the russians have an excuse to send troops over the boarder . 
  we all know that the americans , french and british are unlikely to put boots on the ground . 
  a thank you to digital rights ireland as well for bringing the case to the ecj . 
  show me the money ? 
  i dunno , what would he say ? 
  we look forward to the arrival of our new norwegian overlords !, 
  they 'll be importing it from ireland soon enough when our grid is connected to the uk for stabilisation . 
  number 10 is wrong . 
  ireland is catholic . 
  which leads onto image 20 also being wrong , unfortunately !, 
  the problem tends to be trying to find somewhere to build it . 
  we 've been trying to get one in ireland for years . 
  thanks scotland !, 
  i believe this survey is from 2010 , so i would imagine it would be quite different now . 
  this for me is the best ad from tac https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2x9q-xre_q scares the crap outta me . 
  we do n't hold back when it comes to ads . 
  this is for the irish society for the prevention of cruelty to children . 
  this one scares the crap out of me . 
  think it 's australian . 
  they always have such great music !, 
  it sounds weird but i love when they come on the tv . 
  such good songs to sing a long to . 
  if in doubt , leave it out . 
  do n't worry ... it 's not a `` european thing '' . 
  i have no idea what he 's talking about either !, 
  just found a gallup poll from 2011 that shows that 10 % of respondents identified as atheists . 
  they 're saying that it corresponds to a 400 % increase since 1991 . 
  that 's a massive change . 
  very interesting results in the case of ireland . 
  belief in god : down 3 % belief in a spirit : down 2 % no belief : up 3 % would be interesting to see what the results are now . 
  these bloody conflicts are getting closer and closer to home . 
  i wonder if the western world will see one in the next 20 years or are we completely past the possibility . 
  it 's all quite humbling to watch . 
  a group of people who want to be connected with us , so much , that they 're willing to fight for it . 
  it has to work both ways . 
  generally speaking that 's how things go for us . 
  i 'm surprised we joined the euro in the first place . 
  edit : well , actually , i read that a bad euro is good for the irish economy . 
  when the euro goes down our exports go up . 
  not sure about the validity of that but i heard it somewhere . 
  i would see no issues with scotland joining the agreement the uk and ireland already has . 
  this was a major issue for us too . 
  when it was proposed recently , or merely debated about leaving the eu by the uk that , by default , would greatly affect us in ireland .
