  you want an environment whereby business owners are n't discouraged from paying their staff an immoral wage . 
  when there are businesses and business men out there who want to pay their staff in store vouchers ( walmart mexico ) , set-up zero hour contracts ( mcdonalds ) , oppose laws that will stop businesses from paying their employees unlivable wages who have to ultimately be subsidised by the state ( walmart us ) etc. 
  there is a need for a minimum wage to be set . 
  if you want to continue with these childish and outlandish comparisons then so be it , but you will be talking to yourself . 
  i do n't know about you but for me , supporting an action that fosters an environment by which businesses can give their staff whatever the fuck they want is wrong . 
  this is n't about ideology , it 's about morality . 
  of course you endorse it , you are deregulating wages which essentially supports those who wish to belittle their hard working staff by paying them an immoral and unlivable wage . 
  i ca n't see this discussion coming to an end any time soon . 
  i 'm done . 
  so essentially what you are saying is that you have no problem with business owners paying their staff a wage that they ca n't live off . 
  just wanted to make sure i understood you correctly . 
  i seem to be getting down voted for backing up my claim . 
  here is a source for those of you who still do n't believe me http://www.irishmirror.ie/news/irish-news/politics/welfare-officials-catch-77-people-2124302, 
  so lets get to the end of all this . 
  ultimately , what do you propose ? 
  that businesses should be allowed to pay their employees 5 euro an hour ? 
  3 euro an hour , 2 euro an hour ? 
  edit : that video also does n't back up your claim that walmart supports a raise in minimum wage . 
   well , it 's simple supply and demand , the higher the price of something , the less people will want of it - if you increase the price of labour , there will be less demand for it . 
  just like a minimum price of 1 $ per bread would make people consume less of it , a minimum wage of 1000 $ would make companies less willing to hire people , and they 'd never hire at a loss if said worker for whatever reason could n't turn a profit of at least 1000 $ for the company . 
  an increased minimum wage kicks the economy up a gear due to the increased levels of income available to spend , which in turn creates demand . 
  suggesting that countries like greece and spain have high unemployment rates due to the fact that there is a minimum wage policy in place is illogical . 
  italy also has quite a high unemployment rate , yet does n't have a minimum wage . 
   oddly enough , walmart is trying to raise the us minimum wage . 
  not because they 're that philanthropist but because their workers are already over the threshold they want to impose whereas walmart 's competitors are not . 
  then why are they strictly opposing the `` livable wage '' bill ? 
  that does n't come across as a company who is `` trying to raise the minimum wage '' . 
  i have no problem with libertarians when it comes to social and drug policy but i do n't subscribe to the idea from libertarians , that a minimum wage causes unemployment . 
  the minimum wage is there to protect individuals and to prevent a member of society falling below the poverty threshold . 
  it is a safety net below which no member of society should fall . 
  to me , the idea that the higher you set the minimum wage `` the harder it will be for low skilled workers to get a job legally '' is ludicrous . 
  as for the video , the idea that leaving wages to the business owners would maintain a fair working environment is off-putting . 
  we would develop a society in which the elite would continue to make more and more money to the detriment of the middle and lower class . 
  we would have more and more businesses adopting a walmart style pay system whereby workers need the wages subsidised by the government because the business refuses to give up a significantly small percentage of their profit ( 30billion in the case of walmart ) so that their staff can make a liveable wage . 
  i 'm happy with the system we have . 
  that 's quite a biased channel in fairness . 
  they obviously subscribe to the libertarian philosophy . 
  it was a known fact . 
  they were getting flights in advance from ryanair for 20 to 40 euro . 
  the payment was between 150 to 200 euro a week . 
  how is the minimum wage a factor weighing against immigration . 
  when there was a boom in ireland there was a surplus of jobs with the high minimum wage . 
  low skilled jobs are always going to be there whether the minimum wage is set at 5 euro or 9 euro . 
  that 's true as well but it must also be noted that we did have a significant problem with individuals from eastern europe who flew into ireland to collect their social welfare and then go back home . 
  this was a major issue in the past . 
  not sure if that is still the case . 
  as for the current situation , there were a lot of eastern europeans that came to our shores during the boom and a lot of them have stayed here because they have families and friends here . 
  i would imagine that the figure is a collection of all of these things we have listed . 
  i do n't this takes into consideration illegal immigrants , which the uk seems to have a big problem with as opposed to other countries . 
  i would attribute that to our boom and high minimum wage and possibly our lax social welfare system . 
  as for the comparison with the uk , it 's interesting to see the difference in where the foreign residents come from . 
  80 % in ireland are from another eu country and 20 % are from outside the eu . 
  in the case of the uk , that split seems to be 50/50 . 
  it 's not all that it 's made out to be . 
  believe us :p, 
  being a rugby fan , i would have to say hosting england in croke park during the six nations . 
  for those of you who do n't know the history of croke park and the british , on the 21st of november 1920 , during a football match between dublin and tyrone , the british auxiliary and police drove onto the pitch during a game and fired indiscriminately into the crowd , killing 14 . 
  for me , the rugby match almost 80 years on , was a sign of how far we have come as neighbours . 
  here is a [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cx4ka-5j2vu ) of the anthems that day , the first time god save the queen was played in the stadium . 
  if you 're an irish man , you remember where you were that day and most likely blubbering your eyes out as the crowd roared out our national anthem . 
  there will be a vote in ireland in the near future to reduce the voting age to 16 . 
   who in this thread has disagreed with the foreign policy of israel ? 
  negative comments in relation to this flag being used have been based around disagreements of illegal settlements , questionable human rights and the fact that israel is n't in europe . 
  you seem to be the only one here with a foul mouth and bad mouthing people for expressing their views . 
  the comments here are far from being racist . 
  we get free stuff ? 
  i 'm in !, 
  trying to spice up your `` poking fun '' . 
  poke away !, 
  always pick on the smaller guy , hey ? 
  they 're little deformed toy cars that kids seem to be ranting and raving about . 
  not sure why anyone would want a car like that !, 
  what 's an army ? 
  :p i think that answers your question . 
  i have to say i 'm quite surprised too . 
  hopefully they can keep the crys of `` think of the children '' from the backbenches and hold firm against their coalition partners . 
  they do n't know what their missing . 
  people who do n't know each other , have one subreddit is common and are having a party together over a text based social media site . 
  i 'll join you . 
  it 's a bit early but sure , you only live once . 
  jealous ? 
  not surprising one bit . 
  ireland is like a sinking ship for anyone between the age of 18 and 30 . 
  yeah . 
  not going to lie , it 's hard to keep up with some of the other europeans . 
  always feel like i have this image to live up to and not disappoint !, 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  meh too sweaty for hugging . 
  * virtual high five *, 
  probably the most important response is the two questions on homosexuality . 
  great two positive results indicative of the ground being made currently by that community . 
  surprising . 
  the county is derry and the city , derry city for me and nearly everyone i know . 
  always forget about it when i 'm walking about when i go to the us . 
  if we went up there and joined them for the night would it freak them out ? 
  nothing worse than you 're `` enemy '' joining in on the `` fun '', 
  reminds me of this [ video ] ( http://www.broadsheet.ie/2013/06/20/defiant-to-the-end/ ) . 
  they tried to burn the tricolour , but the only bit that would burn was the orange section :p, 
  what always gets me in the us is that cars are allowed to turn right even when the light is red ? 
  is that correct ?
