yeah . 
  i will always know him as tommy carcetti from the wire . 
  for those of you who have n't seen them , here are some really cute cartoons that explain this mission https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avkpfxdpoqq, 
  [ esa flag ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3324/4603090063_19b739424c_z.jpg ) , 
  nice to know , thank you . 
  it 's disheartening when you look at some of the contribution figures in comparison to overall national budgets but i guess the esa does a great deal with the little funding it gets . 
  ohh thank you . 
  nice to know that we 're making some sort of a contribution to this effort . 
  this is so cool . 
  how is the esa funded by the way ? 
  are they funded by the eu , by private donations or by some member states ? 
  you can never have too many struts !, 
  i love the banners on that sub . 
  they 're always very topical . 
  for halloween there was a picture uploaded of some kids in halloween costumes way back in the 60s i believe . 
  all they were wearing was a box . 
  sure enough , a couple of days later snoo was there with his box on :p, 
  i was going to say that . 
  it 's easy to get tripped up when you 're asked questions that most people in europe know already . 
  like the question he was asked there about the divide between northern ireland and ireland and whether it is religiously based . 
  not sure if letterman was mixing up the divide within northern ireland and mistakenly thinking it was between ireland and northern ireland . 
  just phrasing that paragraph was a head wreck for me . 
  yet it was on display in his palace ? 
  i ca n't believe he actually commissioned that piece !, 
  like seriously , i 'm slightly fitter than him and even still , i would n't get a naked portrait done . 
  i was thinking the exact same thing if it was an irish project . 
  we built a tunnel that was supposed to cost about 500 million euro . 
  it ended up closer to 800 million and even at that price it leaked after it was finished . 
  it 's not internationally recognised . 
  disputed territory is closer to reality than russian soil . 
  from an organisation like that , it should be really listed as a disputed territory and as such should be given a broken line boundary . 
  looks like what happens here is echoed over at / r/russia . 
  i would n't subscribe to that sub if you paid me . 
  am i correct in saying that these changes were all excepted by every member state ? 
  i was talking specifically about that article . 
  it 's very straight forward and spells everything out . 
  other way around . 
  they 've underpaid the eu by $ 33.09 per person . 
  basically , their figures were wrong . 
  take a look at the text in the top right . 
  `` positive numbers : additional payment to european commission '', 
  no problem . 
  take a look at that guardian article that was linked in one of the top posts . 
  very informative without all of that bullshit that you see from a lot of papers with an agenda . 
  budgetary adjustments per member state . 
  basically , how much each member state under/over paid to the european budget in a per person form . 
  i 'm fairly unsure of it all myself but i believe there was a readjustment of how much each member state has to contribute to the the overall european union budget . 
  this breaks down the difference per capita . 
  so in the case of the extremes , cyrus has been underpaying the eu by $ 47.75 per person , whereas luxembourg has been over paying by $ 167.71 per capita . 
  a post on boards ? 
  yeah they delete anything that someone threatens them over . 
  they just do n't have the time or money to defend posts . 
  they get legal notices nearly every second day . 
  went out for beers with one of their community managers who told me that you would n't believe how many times they get letters from solicitors . 
  he said they get one nearly every second day . 
  this tweet from their offices springs to mind ... https://twitter.com/ncremins/status/304513166551941120, 
  here is the official website . 
  click on the twitter icon . 
  which simply can not be true . 
  i saw the tweet before they deleted it and it 's from the same account as the legal threat to boards.ie, 
  they 're suggesting it was from a fake twitter account . 
  that 's just not true . 
  i saw it before they removed it . 
  it 's the same account that 's saying that they 're taking legal action against boards and the same account that is linked to on the official israeli irish embassy website . 
  check this out . 
  someone posted this screenshot on boards.ie ( one of the largest forums in ireland ) and now the embassy is claiming that they 're taking legal proceedings against boards.ie . 
  that 's the first that they 've heard about it . 
  https://twitter.com/boards/status/525223148451815424 someone needs to get rid of the intern/social media guy who 's running their twitter account . 
  mind you , the embassy probably does n't see anything wrong with what their staff is posting . 
  they 're not even trying anymore are they . 
  well the investment in the country so far is a positive sign from these companies . 
  most have significant properties and large workforces . 
  we obviously wont see intellectual property rights payments being sent here but as long as they stay i 'm happy . 
  we 're really sailing in unknown waters now . 
  we 're effectively leaving it up to those who are using this tax strategy to see how they react . 
  will we see them winding down their business here or are the government right , they 're here for more than just tax deals ; they 're here for our highly skilled , english speaking workforce . 
  looks like we 're going to close the double irish too . 
  while i agree with the closure of this loophole , i do sort of feel like we 're being too hasty . 
  you really get the impression that we 're being bullied into making decisions that might drastically affect our export economy . 
  that 's never happened to me . 
  generally speaking for us , the water actually stops well after the time that they tell us . 
  i 've never had it go off before then . 
  then again , i guess it depends on what area you 're in . 
  saying that they 're double charging is unfair . 
  we work on a general taxation basis where services are paid for out of a pool . 
  currently we are running a deficit and as such water is n't necessarily being paid for already . 
  if we were n't running a deficit i would agree with you , but that 's not the case . 
  we were always told when the water was being shut off so i guess burning out the motor would have been your own fault . 
  it 's not really . 
  i remember reading that for dublin there is only a very small reserve in place . 
  i remember water being shut off a couple of months ago because of a shortage in dublin city . 
  i would say 55/45 in favour or lower . 
  members of the lgbt community must feel so excited about the near future . 
  with states across the us dropping marriage bans and poll results like this across western/northern europe , it must be a very exciting prospect that they 're eventually getting the recognition they deserve . 
  with all that being said , i have a sinking feeling that the referendum here in ireland wo n't be a runaway victory like the polls suggest . 
  cheers for the energy uk !, 
  ohh and yeah ... down with that sort of power generation !, 
  wow !, 
  and i thought we were starting to get along !, 
  maybe go by alphabetical order so ... derry/londonderry .
