  that 's what happening in 90 % of the time . 
  before the budget is balanced usually the next crisis hits . 
  this is not specific to the uk . 
  just in general, 
  so we should be thankful , that you fought against us in the war and supported the soviets with material and food . 
  some people ... 
  well germany could just leave . 
  because of germany being in nato there is 0 stress on nato . 
  i repeat . 
  nothing nato does in done because of germany . 
  as such germany is clearly a net gain for nato . 
  leaving would be fine with me tho, 
  let the russians have some fun . 
  there isnt much to laugh about for them, 
  dont see how this is very positive in general . 
  europe is already in growth for some time now . 
  according to keynes we have to make a surplus or at least break even for worse times . 
  the next crisis will come for sure . 
  we want to be efficient . 
  if we have a big army we have to use it . 
  or its a waste of money really, 
  more legal guns makes getting illegal guns easier as well . 
  besides switzerland 's system works very well . 
  i still prefer not everybody being able to buy a gun at walmart, 
  how would that work ? 
  terrorists also dont really need guns . 
  but we have less death through crimes or gun accidents , which is in numbers also way more important than terrorism, 
  italy is a mystery for me . 
  berlusconi , grillo . 
  i have the feeling some italians would vote for any crazy candidate . 
  just hoping its not a crazy fascist next time . 
  that 's why i fear opinions like the above building up in italy . 
  a strong right wing in italy would impact germany as well, 
  see . 
  that 's why there is critic towards this article . 
  people like wkea1 will use it exactly like that . 
  and with italies voting history and current votes i am sure there are a lot of people like him, 
  one could say its fraud, 
  germany was involved and necessary as well, 
  well thats not really a bold prediction, 
  why ? 
  i like it a bit warmer in germany . 
  dont see anything bad really, 
  i am firmly against this . 
  when the new planets were discovered nasa took all the credit for a european accomplishment . 
  dont work witht the americans, 
  yes , someone has to start it . 
  also you are living in the same burning forest if you want to stay with that analogy . 
  no we discuss in what direction we alter the balance between competition and protection . 
  as a young person i am in favor of more competition , because protection protects the ones who already have a lot . 
  but everyone has to decide this question for himself, 
  or you are a nice person and help if there is a fire instead of caring who started the fire first . 
  some people are nice and some arent i guess, 
  of course he is a centrist . 
  you can see that because people on the right call him leftist and people on the left call him neoliberal . 
  if you get some hate from both sides you can call yourself a centrist, 
  well this shows the crazyness of the far-left . 
  voting is about finding the acceptable candidate for you . 
  and secondly banks need oversight and regulation , but the hate is completly retarded . 
  in reality the far left and right are both about extremism like you show very well . 
  they cant work with anyone and and such have to be totalitarian.more than 40 % of extremist vote in france is no good sign, 
  wake up . 
  you are always competing . 
  in school , in sports , in university and at work . 
  even here in reddit the trolling competition is stiff, 
  the billionair who is meeting the clintons regularly all his life is anti-establishment, 
  everyone wants reform but everyone also wants different kinds or reforms . 
  so this means nothing in the end, 
  interesting . 
  you sound a bit similar to the people claiming france is in decline and collapse . 
  same in paris and london i think . 
  berlin is the opposite tho, 
  ok . afd is the german party a bit similar to fn, 
  yeah that was my idea, 
  thanks . 
  yes . 
  we need someone to counterbalance the bavarians . 
  they are getting arrogant of their success, 
  in germany we had quiet some people going from the far left party to the afd . 
  perhaps its different in france, 
  i think differently . 
  remember hitler and his national - socialist party ? 
  swamp germans shall remember that they are germans, 
  he was a philosopher and more right or wrong in different areas . 
  remember that his ideas were developed in times of the industrial revolution which had really shitty working conditions . 
  he also said that he is no marxist . 
  iam economic right but still see the good marx has done for workers rights, 
  people forget about the great war . 
  to combat that every country should send two tributes to brussels every year to replay the great wars and remind people of the miseries of war, 
  portugal isnt really western . 
  they are so far west , that its east again, 
  you mean the most famous austrian ? 
  expected much worse . 
  this sounds even kinda nice . 
  two compliments and only one slight exaggeration, 
  france is much more important than spain, 
  too bad . 
  because the majority of germans support those policies . 
  i think the separation of people and country is wrong . 
  in a democracy the people have the power and the responsibility for the state and country .
