when they are old the age pyramid will be more balanced . 
  its only now that young people will have to support a way bigger number old people . 
  that 's also why parties are doing everything to please the big number of old voters and why higher pensions are especially bad in timing, 
  young people who vote for the spd are kinda idiots . 
  the spd has in the past years mainly lobbied for higher pensions . 
  this will increase the money young people have to pay by a lot , while we already have a very dangerous demographic situation . 
  i know people like his european policies ( me as well ) , but domestic staff is just too bad, 
  because the french forced us into it . 
  learn some history you bonobo, 
  true . 
  but we already pay for that . 
  anything is a balance of pros and cons . 
  and debt of other countries , especially without having a say into those countries financial politics is too much . 
  i think that is a very valid opinion most people would accept in any private or corporate matter, 
  i am confident germany will be fine either way . 
  we were before the euro and will be after it . 
  its the confidence of competence . 
  that can not be said for some other countries whose only history is being poor, 
  and we will not vote for someone who donates our money to lazy southern europe . 
  perhaps we better end this shit . 
  will enjoy seeing france pay high interest rates for their debt, 
  we should leave the eu and the euro and see how all the debt countries in the south manage with their own currency . 
  at least holiday will be cheaper then . 
  in now way will we pay more for the incompetence of southern europe, 
  well it tastes meaty . 
  there are much worse tastes and foods out there, 
  dicks arent that bad to eat . 
  it 's on of those foods that really just have bad pr . 
  sure . 
  and that 's why most people are obese ... 
  i will talk as i please . 
  the malvinas will be german after we settle the emigrated nazis from argentina there, 
  this sounds a bit low . 
  100 billion + gibraltar is perhaps acceptable . 
  if the uk does not want to pay in cash , northern ireland or the malvinas would be ok as well, 
  no problem . 
  i never use / s because in my opinion it would be contrary to the point of sarcasm . 
  missunderstandings are a natural part of that as well, 
  well germans are just the best thinkers, 
  true . 
  some issues are underrepresented today . 
  military is one of them . 
  on the other hand i generally think that most people have issues they care deeply about . 
  i think people just care about different issues , which makes each of them less recognizable . 
  of course not . 
  the military has a bad reputation because of our history and its only not really a good employer regarding salary and future chances . 
  i like a professional army way more than wehrpflicht as well . 
  that does not mean we dont like people working there or that we hate the military, 
  thats not how it is in germany at all . 
  we are also pretty strict forward . 
  most parties are pretty centrist as well . 
  ofc course the extremists are always the loudest people , because they are very passionate . 
  but the numbers tell a different story, 
  also you should not celebrate your independence . 
  it was a very violent affair, 
  well everyone has different opinion regarding this . 
  i find what those extremist do despicable and not acceptable at all . 
  but the americans are a bit too alarmist regarding demonstrations or riots . 
  especially if compared to daily criminality, 
  this all true . 
  i just dont thinking building a slightly less expensive rocket ( if it will really be cheaper than chinese or european ones at some point , insurance included ) is something somebody should be declared a god for . 
  same with ecars . 
  if economics dont matter , than its easy to build and sell something for cheap and get the money through the hype he is generating . 
  still makes him a great industrialist and very intelligent person . 
  just the god status is a bit much and thats why i am so negativ, 
  be strong my friend . 
  pornstars are acting as well, 
  reusing parts is innovative ? 
  the space shuttle was mostly reusable . 
  the idea of using reusable parts is as old as space science . 
  batteries in cars is a very old idea as well . 
  this is/was a question of production processes and economics . 
  the idea is not very innovative at all but at this point our technology might be good enough to pull it off for the first time, 
  you cant just invest into something and expect increasing returns . 
  i keep reading about that strange mindset , that you just need to invest enough and it will work out . 
  the carmakers are already investing and work on the technology . 
  when time comes electric cars will be just an option like a gas engine . 
  what new technology ? 
  electric engines are long known . 
  putting one into a car is not very visionary . 
  putting an electric engine ( which is a known technology ) into a car is not a breakthrough in technology nor is it visionary . 
  or the completly new concept of tunnels, 
  well some people and companies have to act economically . 
  not like the tesla scam . 
  the technology is there . 
  when it is economically viable to build ecars they will, 
  oral contracts are as legal as written ones . 
  there is no difference, 
  yes . 
  especially people from eastern europe are making up most of the criminals . 
  eastern europe should not be in the eu at all, 
  the later obviously . 
  rules have to be enforced or you can just scratch those . 
  its has been and is one of the eu s deficits . 
  poland is only one example . 
  france and germany are others, 
  you have more regulations than the eu and that 's 600 years in the past, 
  if i made you laugh , that makes me happy, 
  yes . 
  but too slow .
