yes it is all the russians in estonia who have to learn estonian as a second language . 
  it does not mean estonian is the second most common language in the country since for the estonians ( 70 % of the population ) it is of course their mother tongue and not a second language . 
  it is worse , [ have a look at their housing ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@60.1373761,14.3746509,3a,75y,93.31h,81.27t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgnvnqgvfx_z1jpt-fmyrqw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  it is a few hundred meters from their housing to a grocery store , a small clinic is just over the street , there is a school a 1km away and there is even a small library with half-decent opening hours . 
  it is pretty far to the next larger village or town though ( over an hour by bus ) . 
  the link above says no policemen were hurt and i ca n't recall anyone being hurt in any of the grenade attacks . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  i know but why would anyone add a tiny path used by only a handful of people and not add street that everyone in the village use occasionally ? 
  it makes little sense . 
  zooms in at the village i grew up in . 
  almost all small inofficial pathways in the forest and between houses are marked but not about half the roads . 
  swedish use [ pitch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitch_accent ) quite much and it will confuse new speakers , especially if their first language does n't use pitch that much . 
  getting locked outside when drunk makes you really appreciate your ability to survive in the cold . 
  more so than the winter training in the military ever did . 
  you have to give them credit for including all important parts of finland , sweden and norway . 
  they could have cut everything north of \u00e5bo . 
  edit : and northern africa is n't shown at all . 
  i would guess most recruits are 18 years old boys who do n't yet know what to do with life and not motivated people who work for a higher goal . 
  every finnish book i know of ( except the moomin books if they count ) are about the endless misery in the 19th to mid 20th century . 
  they hardly portray life in current finland i hope . 
  at least it is a big [ machine gun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bofors_57_mm_gun ) . 
  something is wrong with the numbers for sweden using the source ( wikipedia ) op provided . 
  1130025 immigrants for a population of over 9 million is not 15.9 % , it 's about 12 % . 
  my first thoughts as well . 
  it is almost like they had one guy responsible for taking care of the survivors and one for the celebrities and that those two guys did n't speak enough with each other . 
  a french guy told me that sweden did n't have any true blonde girls . 
  which is bullshit if you do n't think blonde hair = white hair . 
  nothing wrong with the freeze dried food except all variants taste the same . 
  the stuff the army use now seem worse . 
  i even survived eating the chili con carne 2 times a day for 2 weeks !, 
  this is because we meet more danes/are exposed to more danish not because scanian is like danish . 
  it is population change . 
  probably many deaths for various reasons , but considering the war was 30 years long it likely also involves less children being born , people moving and being men being recruited into armies etc. 
  you should n't see it as a couple of mercenaries coming to a village killing half of the people before moving on to the next to do the same thing there , although i am certain that also happened to a lesser extent . 
  spread over the whole war it is a population decrease of less than 2.5 % per year ( about 1/50 per year ) if half the population was lost . 
  we could have done better . 
  did n't even finish prague off in 1648 before the peace was signed . 
  after hearing about the peace we had to make due with some boring looting instead . 
  the cannon can still fire at aircraft . 
  but according to the swedish armed forces homepage it is still just `` prepared for aa missiles '' . 
  i do n't know really , but problably like other unlicensed taxis . 
  but the legal system considers uber to be a [ taxi business ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/uber-tjanar-pengar-forare-far-ta-smallen/ ) . 
  the uber drivers thus a need taxi drivers license which they typically do n't and can get fined by court ( without uber getting in trouble for some reason ) . 
  public service tv is nice . 
  i can not recall a perfect match from swedish television but we swedes do like dicks ( a non exhaustive list ) : * [ a song about putting your dick in things ] ( http://www.svtplay.se/klipp/107278/kuk-i-hatt-med-per-andersson ) * a song with an animated [ dancing dick ] ( http://www.svtplay.se/klipp/5243902/snoppen-och-snippan-laten ) * a tv-series about [ poo and pee ] ( http://www.svtplay.se/biss-och-kajs ) if you ca n't view the videos in your country i 'm sure the clips are available on youtube . 
  no it is not . 
  but they are an ideologically rather weak party ( except for being pro enviroment ) which together with their `` openmindedness '' and vote fishing makes them more likely to do stuff like this than other parties . 
  that is what they are . 
  must be a problem for them being a part of the establishment and having to make real decisions . 
  they are kind of . 
  the statistics i used did just include the country of origin for foreign born people . 
  there are also statistics about the number of foreigners and people with foreign born parents but without a breakdown of country of origin . 
  i do n't know if there exists easily available data that combines the two , if it even exist at all . 
  just checked . 
  850000 non-europeans live in sweden ( including from the americas and the soviet union , but excluding citizens with 2 foreign-born parents ) . 
  i think it 's a brainfart . 
  she used the word `` olyckorna '' which only can be translated to `` the accidents '' . 
  `` olyckligt/olycka '' can be translated to misfortune . 
  sadly she is a brainfart machine . 
  it depends on the conflict the refugee flee from . 
  but very often a permanent residence status is granted , especially if the conflict is expected to drag on for a long time . 
  no it would n't . 
  in a 100 years the arab speakers hopefully have dissolved into the rest the population or might have been pushed aside by later immigrants . 
  we do n't know . 
  reply in a 80 years and i might give you a better answer . 
  well of course . 
  finnish is spoken and have been in sweden historically , mainly in northern sweden . 
  though the vast majority of finnish speakers in sweden today are here due to immigration in the 70s . 
  being an official minority language isnt just based on the number of speakers but on the history of the language in sweden . 
  as a rule of thumb the language must have existed in sweden for at least 100 years and be geographically confined . 
  sami and finnish for example have been spoken in sweden since approximately forever . 
  after that the speakers of the minority languages have some rights to use their language when interacting with certain authorities in that languages administration zones . 
  except for the few recognised minority languages of which arabic is not a member , nor will it be in the foreseeable future . 
  they have died out . 
  the last forest finns died in the 80s . 
  finnish is spoken by many in sweden because of immigration and to a lesser extent of finnish speakers in northern sweden . 
  you mean souvenir museums . 
  what have you calculated ? 
  isis members per million muslims ? 
  add additional strain from the migrant crisis and the fact that the police are going through a major reorganisation ( ie the police is currently a major clusterfuck ) . 
  do n't stretch the meaning of the word . 
  no-go areas implies police avoid them . 
  they do n't . 
  but they do have to escort ambulance and firetrucks or other police cars if they intend to leave the car . 
  this is not good but it ca n't be compared with real no go-zones like favelas in brazil . 
  the doctrine from the early 00s to now has been almost exclusively to provide troops for international missions and not territorial defence . 
  alot of stupid decisions have been made because of that . 
  we swedes are upset you call your northernmost province lapland and keep pretending santa lives in rovaniemi . 
  please change the province name to for example formerly sami province of northern finland and just admit santa lives on the north pole . 
  / s i call fyrom for macedonia . 
  i do n't get why some people get upset with that name . 
  it does n't change the fact that the ancient macedonia was a different beast than todays . 
  columnist not journalist . 
  the columnists job is to have opinions . 
  if you work for aftonbladet and are too lazy to deal with real problems you can always over analyse a `` black and white '' children 's movie . 
  seems like easy money both for you , aftonbladet and fria tider . 
  i am stupid . 
  i have spent 5 minutes today generating traffic ( ad-money ) to fria tider and aftonbladet to read about something i do n't want to care about . 
  it is , but the point is that rape is defined differently everywhere and is not easy to compare between countries . 
  then you should have known they were not swedish .
