  i would say christmas , midsummer , valborg and new years eve . 
  the rest of the holidays do n't are not really celebrated or noticed in any way except as extra spare time . 
  it is insane . 
  at least the stricter controls gave a very noticable effect . 
  fortunatly it will `` only '' come around 160000 refugees this [ year ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/images/18.5e83388f141c129ba631111f/1449472442062/total_s%c3%b6k.png ) and no we did n't invite them . 
  while we have overly generous rules , we would n't have been overrun like this if the dublin agreement were enforced . 
  you do n't have kebab pizza like we do . 
  nothing really in the two examples above . 
  but a hate crime does n't have to be racist . 
  a hate crime against homosexual people is n't necessarily racist for example . 
  overuse of the word terrorism is also bad . 
  the man behind the ikea-stabbings was n't motivated by some political ideal or the desire to instill fear in swedes . 
  he wanted revenge for being denied asylum and targeted swedes . 
  it is a hate crime not terrorism . 
  the same is true for stabbings at a school in sweden this autumn . 
  it was a racist hate crime , not terror . 
  breiviks shootings on ut\u00f6ya on the other hand was terror since he had prepared a manifesto , let himself get captured and made a big deal about his motivations . 
  and we have had a terror attack in sweden . 
  remember the failed bombing a couple of years ago ? 
  hakkapeliitta cavalry , those savage swedish viking-berserker units . 
  you would n't want to be related to them . 
  yes we are fine with them , except for the few oddball reindeerhating farmers mentioned above . 
  it feel incredibly wierd to even speak about them in terms that separates them from people from southern sweden . 
  there must be some sami on reddit that can clarify . 
  not as far as i know . 
  but the map is crap , sk\u00e5ne in southern sweden , where i live , is listed because of some insurgency 300 years ago when the territory was newly conquered . 
  samis want increased recognition of their language ( s ) and culture . 
  at least some sami languages are recognized minority languages . 
  some want to compare sweden to a colonial power , which is in some ways a valid point . 
  there are some non-sami farmers that do n't like having semi wild reindeer herds passing their land . 
  but old-school reindeerherding samis are a minority of of samis . 
  that would probably be a very grim show , near an apocalypse movie if seen from a german point of view . 
  sapmi , land of the sami people native to northern sweden , norway , finland and the kola peninsula . 
  never heard about it , although i am about twice that age . 
  after a short reading on the great internets it seem to be true . 
  it is a couple of organizations that will be handing out the book in the hope of teachers using it for education . 
  it is not the initiative from the state or schools , that is slightly better than the headlines make it seem like . 
  remember similar books from the milk and forest-industry when i went to school . 
  the discussion is about being able to close it . 
  they do n't discuss if they should close it now . 
  there is a slight difference . 
  the leaders of todays sd thought that a nazi party represented them so much they became members and later leaders of that party . 
  of course we could judge them for that . 
  sd in 30 years when the leadership is replaced is another story . 
  i am not saying it is good but it is not as bad as the title make it seem . 
  and when they grow up , do you think they will limit their dating-pool by only dating exactly their age-group ? 
  for the age of 13-17 years . 
  not the whole population . 
  i honestly think this is mostly because in the early 1600s was the very beginning of european colonization of north america and fur-trade with natives and fishing were more important than pushing inland for more land ( with the associated displacing of natives ) . 
  not because we were particulary nice towards the them . 
  do n't forget swedens and denmarks assorted slave forts in africa . 
  for [ example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_gold_coast ) . 
  the swedish colony in north america was heavily populated by [ finns ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_sweden#finnish_influence ) . 
  when the ground freeze it is fit for fighting again . 
  you do n't have to wait until summer . 
  tr\u00e4hus - wooden house , planks over a wooden frame . 
  when you say house , this is what most people think of . 
  timmerhus - timber house , a house made out of solid logs . 
  when i hear the word timber house i think about a smallish house on the countryside . 
  being a citydweller myself they also make me think about vacation . 
  if you make a difference between wooden houses and timber houses like i do : timber houses are common , although they are almost universally old houses/cottages on the countryside and/or small ( approx 10m2 ) houses . 
  they do n't always look like timber houses though since the timber is often covered with planks which make them look like an ordinary wooden house . 
  newer normal houses people live in are rarely made out of timber . 
  if the house is new , not a holiday cottage and look like a timber house it is probably a fake timber house ( ie the timber is i timberlooking planks ) . 
  most newly built houses are made out of drywall over a wooden frame ( i assume this is how most houses are built in the western world today ) . 
  stone houses , concrete villas are rare and i find stone a wierd choice of material unless it is in a warm climate . 
  i assume it would suck to keep a stone house warm in for example belgium during winter . 
  brick houses are that not uncommon . 
  larger buildings in cities are of course mostly made out of stone , concrete or brick . 
  small towns still often have a city centre with wooden buildings though . 
  most swedes think people from stockholm speak the wrong swedish . 
  hint : it look the same . 
  you are a not north germans . 
  you are south-west swedes . 
  sweden . 
  i ca n't really live without an acedemic delay anymore , yet i am not a student . 
  what about encrypted communication between two individuals not using facebook/other company ? 
  the law seem scary and unenforceable to me . 
  the housing is on the outskirts of the village limedsforsen . 
  there is a small grocery store 2-3 km from the housing . 
  a school is in the neighbouring village 5km away . 
  the closest town ( with about 5000 inhabitants ) is ~ 30 minutes away with bus . 
  the general area is quite busy during skiing season and summer . 
  now when it 's off season i presume the village is very sleepy . 
  swords does n't require any permitted to own . 
  no , you are not allowed to carry them while in town or stabbing people . 
  edit : forgot a not , i put the blame on my phone and fat thumbs . 
  [ swedish soldiers ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article10435123.ab ) have shot thousands of dogs in kosovo . 
  after a quick google search it seem like many other peacekeepers have shot dogs . 
  why and if local authorities do n't continue with this i do n't know . 
  i think that is his point . 
  that i am a lazy coffee drinker who do n't bring down the moose population enough . 
  a refugee crisis has happened the past year . 
  a with refugees comes news of some of them misbehaving.a the associated comment field . 
  not fair to show us pictures of a target like that during hunting season . 
  not everyone has gotten to fulfill their quota . 
  a bullet from a conscript will kill you just as much as a bullet from a professional soldier . 
  i also think that conscripts could be just as motivated ( having been one myself ) as a professional . 
  the difference is that the conscript has had a couple of months to perhaps two years of training while the professional has had many years training and possibly even combat experience . 
  you should n't downplay the fighting spirit of the russian army .
