  a more realistic scenario would be if they looked uncomfortable making you uncomfortable causing self reinforcing uncomfortable-loop between you guys . 
  that is a feature by itself . 
  you could maybe compare the malm\u00f6 region with most of denmark . 
  but it is not fair to compare the danish west coast with the swedish one . 
  if given just one choice : finland . 
  if sweden were a videogame and finland a sequel finland would seen as a sloppy reskin . 
  norway and danmark at least have some landscape features sweden lack . 
  when given questions like this i would prefer if all nordic countries merge . 
  i feel at home in all of them . 
  estonia could invited as well with a special status as a non-nordic member . 
  :( but maybe we can just build a small wall around stockholm and call it a day . 
  the article mentions that some actions have been taken ( '' vidtagit \u00e5tg\u00e4rder med en hel del insatser '' ) , but that they ca n't be everywhere at once . 
  a very short summary of the article : since february 20th there has been 6 attacks on women including attempted rape by unknown assailants in \u00d6stersund . 
  a suspect from another similar attack during this period was arrested in germany . 
  the local police therefore advice women to not walk alone during nightime or late evenings and adds `` this is not a normal situation '' . 
  they also advice any potential witnesses to report suspicious activity to the police . 
  6 attacks on women by unknown assailants since february 20th and a few others were the suspect was arrested in germany . 
  the police says it is not a normal situation and advice women to not walk alone nightime and evenings . 
  those statistics should be taken with a huge grain of salt . 
  the vast majority of those are people are people who work or study a couple of years abroad ( mostly in eu ) not people who intend to leave for good . 
  most come back when they start a family at the latest . 
  then you could add a couple of thousand who decide to retire in a warmer country , for example spain , instead of a rainy and cold sweden . 
  because they are quite far north and their populations are related to the amount of available farmland . 
  their population density is comparable to the southern parts of finland or sweden . 
  aka when you were danish . 
  i do n't know what they are known as but what they are known for . 
  the early 19th century is known for the loss of finland , union with norway as a kind of compensation and then the introduction of the policy of staying neutral . 
  the 19th century ( mostly the latter half ) is somewhat known for industrialization ( the channel across sweden , building the railroad network and making the natural resources of lapland available , alfred nobel etc ) . 
  the main thing that comes to mind though is people being dirt poor and moving to usa . 
  just about every family has some relative who moved to usa during the 19th century . 
  my familiy has a couple . 
  i think it is a big deal . 
  at the very least psychologically . 
  to not need to think before traveling in europe and able to freely move over borders makes me feel truly european and not just a swede . 
  whether that bordercrossing is commuting over the bridge to denmark , hiking over some mountains into norway or just driving on a small backwater road between france and switzerland doesnt matter . 
  i want to live in an integrated europe you could always argue that a border check that cause a 15 minute delay is n't much and/or is necessary to prevent any bad guy from traveling through europe . 
  but the same argument could be said within countries as well . 
  is a passport control between paris and marseille reasonable ? 
  i think the outer border needs to be enforced and that all that allowing migrants to pass and chose another asylum country should stop . 
  it seems like this will effectively happen now , but sadly with the effect that greece will be thrown under the bus . 
  all the squabble that led up to this really annoys me . 
  2/3 of the population is swedish . 
  almost all of its population growth is because of immigrants though . 
  ironically the phrases spoken in that song is in german . 
  no its not . 
  it is on the bridge shortly after leaving the island . 
  i spoke to a spanish guy once who was very disappointed with the blondness of swedish girls . 
  it was apparent blond to him meant that blondness you get if you over bleach your hair . 
  excluding news reports and apocalyptic posts on forums i have n't noticed much . 
  but what i have noticed about neighbourhood is : many under/un-used buildings in my part of town are now housings for asylum seekers . 
  i can see gatherings of ( presumably ) afghan teenagers at the bus stops at odd times . 
  if there are any refugees from syria or iraq i do n't know , my neighbourhood has rather many immigrants , the refugees might just blend in . 
  based on news reports , rumors and my own experience the crime rates have n't changed at all . 
  but than again , there is no reason for any bad people to hang around here when the city centre is not far away . 
  i do n't feel insecure here , never had , and my neighbourhood is as quiet as always . 
  anti armor weapons have been a problem . 
  ca n't defeat enemy armor with a good rifle or own tanks who are too far away . 
  it was n't in swedish media . 
  you need a proper flag first . 
  sadly most of the new forest is the to produce timber not to replace any lost eco system . 
  i am able to open the `` blocked '' article on one of my computers and on my phone ( though not with my reddit app ) . 
  strange but the fault is n't the isps . 
  the staff are adults . 
  the stabbed woman was only 22 years old but still . 
  the prime minister went to the place in order to give some statements . 
  hardly hush hush . 
  ignoring the land border , the area of sweden closest to finland is called roslagen ( which might or might not have anything to do with the word rus ) . 
   there is no war in those countries we give asylum based on whether or not the asylum seeker can continue live in their country without fear of his or her own life . 
  not based if there is a war in the region . 
  i honestly do n't know much about english food other than for example fish n chips and bacon and eggs . 
  after being in scotland a couple of times though , i ca n't grasp how they keep all that grease running in their veins . 
  fried bread , an apple and a small bag of crisps is not breakfast . 
  nah , thats mainly an east coast thing . 
  where i live the worst we can do with fish is lutfisk , usually associated with norway , and it just tasteless lye treated fish . 
  sometimes you just have to suffer a bit before realizing what you had is quite good after all . 
  does it surprise anybody ? 
  working abroad is kind of the point of eu and living abroad is an adventure by itself . 
  i know plenty of people who live , have lived or will live a couple of years abroad . 
  hopefully i will try it out as well at some point . 
  incidentally breivik had a license for his guns . 
  what legit uses are there for a baton from a civilian point of view ? 
  and everybody except maybe greece would have been perfectly happy with that . 
  with the dublin agreement enforced germany and sweden could have continued to pretend being open hearted , the rest of eu would continue like nothing happened and the migrants eagerness to get here would diminish if they had to seek asylum in greece . 
  would n't just a pipeline been easier ? 
  estonians have tried that [ before ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2975934/smugglers-built-vodka-pipeline.html ) , on a smaller scale . 
  the bridge tolls are on the swedish side . 
  there is no reason to slow down . 
  many people do n't count the calories they get from alcohol and therefore underestimate their caloric intake . 
  energy surplus will make you fatter and seeing how much energy there is in vodka might make you think . 
  regarding nutritional value for pure alcohol : there is none , just like soda . 
  but even empty calories add to your daily energy intake . 
  nice !, 
  my favorite iteration of this s\u00e5ng : [ r\u00f6varspr\u00e5ket ] ( https://youtu.be/x7jkgr0rc7u ), 
  many projects are somewhat necessary just to keep the knowledge how to design combat aircraft ( or anything else ) alive . 
  problably good , but risky . 
  women are perfectly able to drive armored and unarmored vehicles . 
  let them do that . 
  according to my experiences as a conscript in sweden a motivated woman is a far better soldier than an unmotivated male . 
   i 've never heard of a valborgmust . 
  beer,
