  or at least soften them up a little before we have to go with the plan b of bombing shit . 
  you 'd think the germans would jump at the idea of being on the winning side of a world war for a change . 
  i mean russia is bit and has plenty of obsolete and rotting soviet hardware , but it still has a gdp comparable to italy , one of the pigs . 
  putin 's built enough of the land forces to look kinda scary , doubly so if you 're georgia or ukraine , but that 's it . 
  many merkel needs to go dig up bismarck and have him explain how the next steps in the russian playbook are fucking with the baltic and poland and then guess whose 's knocking on the door at cottbus ? 
  france clearly can give zero fucks , since it becomes a german problem long before it bothers them . 
  there is the concept of killing the chickens to scare the monkey . 
  as the folktale goes , a street performer trains a monkey to dance , but the monkey stops dancing . 
  you ca n't damage the monkey , you need it to dance , so you buy some chickens and kill them in front of the monkey . 
  monkey gets the message and starts dancing . 
  if the real threat to putin is a monkey upset over economic losses or something , nemtsov is a very useful chicken . 
  get rid of a political enemy and scare some monkeys , two for one . 
  with american flair on . 
  * sigh *, 
  they 've talked reforms , but have launched few effective reforms . 
  forokarta was a failure , etc. 
  every greek government has come before the eu , imf , etc and said `` we need to do better '' , but none of them have shown the capacity to do such in any meaningful manner . 
  based on the geo-strategic and political ones , i assume the imf and other us directed/heavily influenced institutions will intervene to some degree to keep those issues from arising . 
  potentially with european governments donating to those institutions and america ` laundering ' the money , since domestic european electorates tend not to support giving greece anymore . 
  since even if greece gets the boot , it does n't mean the eu ceases to have strategic interests , etc. 
  the big issue will be if this will be a big enough kick in the ass to get greece serious on reform . 
  i tend to agree with the imf report , but it still has the issue that if the greeks do n't get serious on reform all you really do is create a 2050 debt bomb instead of a 2015 one . 
  so basically a bank only keeps part of its deposits in reserve . 
  you get interest by the bank loaning your money out and splitting the return with you ( or services such as free checking , etc ) . 
  the problem is when everyone shows up at once and wants all their money , a bank can fail . 
  some of that money can be in 5 or 10 year bonds where the bank ca n't get at it , etc. 
  thus lots of folks with advanced degrees sit around and figure out how much the bank needs to have on hand to be solvent and then go invest the rest to make money . 
  ( fractional reserves and such can add complication , but we wo n't get in to that ) . 
  so what greece does n't want is on monday for folks to run to the bank , ask for the money , and the banks to fail . 
  then the deposit insurance ( 100k euro per account ) kicks in . 
  typically the national treasury insures its banks and the last thing greece wants it to have to do is pay out that insurance money . 
  in during 1989 to 1995 when america had its savings and loan issue , the american federal government issued bonds , used the money to meet the insurance needs , and now we 're still paying them off . 
  in our case we had the credit to do it , greece clearly does n't . 
  so they want to protect the banks from failure due to people worrying and trying to pull out all their money and stick it under their mattress . 
  that can potentially make a bad situation worse ( because once the first one collapses , everyone else tends to rush off the cliff like a lemming ) . 
  realistically the two bad things that can happy to the money are that in the event of a grexit , the money is converted in drachmas , perhaps at an unfavorable exchange rate for the individual with the profit going to creditors or the government . 
  the second threat is the greek government federalizing that reserve for its own use . 
  which in theory is not bad as long as the government pays it back ( america as done this , had social security buy our own treasury bonds , thus basically the cash i paid in social security taxes is handed from the social security administration to the us treasury , used for something , and then the treasury should repay the ssa before i retire and start asking for my checks ) . 
  however if the government takes it and then only pays back part of it ( or pays back principle only , no interest ) , that hurts . 
  i think almost every european intel agency knew what the nsa was doing . 
  we were feeding them data regarding certain domestic threats to their country and any intel agency worth a damn had to be able to piece together the basics of how the nsa was getting that data . 
  in many cases i would not be surprised if they were helping us set things up or actively looking the other way on some things . 
  i personally expect a number of intel agents appeared in front of their legislative bodies , answered questions , blamed it all on the americans and brits , then immediately went to their office and called the nsa to make sure they 're still cool and the program is still on . 
  yes , but it only had two rules . 
  the american government dictates foreign policy and you ca n't touch american business interests . 
  beyond that whoever could get themselves elected or take over in a military coup was allowed to run the place . 
  if you broke either of those rules of course the american marines came by , put one in your head , and the local population got to pick a new leader . 
  normally it was someone who had come over from america as a freed slave ( or their parents/grandparents/etc had ) running the place . 
  those individuals basically formed the upper class of liberia . 
  so a quasi americans controlled the place . 
  inbev products and coke , the two drinks you can consume anywhere in the world , no matter how horrible the local water supply is , and be fairly confident neither will kill you outright . 
  long ago i was a happy eisenhower republican , obama would be right at home in that political party ( aside from the fact goldwater was on the wrong side of history with civil rights ) . 
  now i vote democrat frequently , definitely been a major shift . 
  it 's amusing in that around half the concepts of obamacare actually came out of a republican think tank , developed during the late 1980s and introduced in a 1993 gop plan . 
  depending on how the survey is done , they might ask about romanian first or otherwise not make it clear romani/gypsy will be an option . 
  so thus folks respond with a bias towards romani and either are too lazy or ca n't go back and change their answer for romanian when they discover romani is on the survey . 
  putin must have needed to put some of the equipment in the exhibits back into service . 
  which one they pick , and also which ones get eliminated quicky , will actually be interesting in terms of showing finnish priorities . 
  the f-35 and typhoon are cream of the crop but cost the most in terms of up front cost and operating cost . 
  if finland has serious air space concerns though they may end up buying in this category . 
  the gripen is nice , and also right next door , but suffers from a lower adoption rate . 
  it 's more affordable than others but suffers from low adoption which means the upgrade packages have fewer airframes to spread their r&d costs over . 
  although brazil announcing plans to order up to 108 helps ( assuming their air force faces no budget cuts ) . 
  rafale had an uptick in orders when arab operators got nervous during the arab spring , but has some of the same issues the gripen does . 
  nice air frame but france and a few arab air forces are the only operators and the india deal falling through hurts it . 
  f-16 is reliable , cheap to operate as far as fighter jets go , and widely adopted . 
  it 's long been the favorite of nato air forces on a budget . 
  it is outclassed by the new russian jets ( although on the plus side , russia ca n't afford that many new jets ) . 
  so if concerns over russian air space violations is an issue this may not be a contender . 
  the super hornet/advanced super hornet ( the larger cousin to the hornets finland has now ) is the nicer , bigger , better armed and more powerful hornet . 
  second engine is considered a plus by some for operations over water or desolate spots . 
  nice thing there is minimal pilot retraining . 
  the super hornet 's only operator though is the usn ( australia has some as a temporary measure until they get their f-35s , but no long term plans ) , although the usn does plan to operate a large number of them . 
  f-15 is probably the most illogical contender . 
  if you want a second engine and you already have hornet pilots , go buy the advanced super hornet . 
  this one probably gets cut in an early round . 
  well our border agency tends to be very strict on allowing on the record comments regarding specific people we deny , so when you get turned away you get to set the narrative . 
  partly to avoid to any kind of character assassination ( since legally the agents need a much lower level of proof to reject someone than you 'd need to convict them in court ) and partly not to reveal how we identify the bad apples . 
  we recently had a korean pop group get turned away in los angeles and their label milked it for pr and was releasing stuff on how the border patrol agents turned held the girls in the group for hours , accused them of being sex workers , etc. 
  after about a week the press did some digging , got off the record comments and reported the pop group showed up with trunks full of costumes and no performance visa . 
  agents asked them if they were going to perform given all the stage gear and their manager said no . 
  the agents called bullshit and denied entry . 
  the whole sex worker thing was just a pr play by the agency . 
  officially all border patrol will say , even now , is ` visa issue . ', 
  this family could have been denied due to a clerical error on our side , a clerical error on their side , the fact the guy has some secular felony ( as in not tied to terrorism ) that popped on his records check , or a myriad of reasons . 
  ultimately we 'll probably find out the reason when the press digs around and gets some off the record comments . 
  maybe given the tensions regarding religion we 'll get an official statement . 
  that was a highly unlikely outcome given his lawyers . 
  they had gotten all five serious charges dismissed in a plea bargain . 
  his po , psych officer , and everyone else had already all recommended against imprisonment beyond the initial 90 day stay prior to polanski fleeing . 
  court documents show rittenband had suggested to polanski that polanski consider spending some time in europe once the 90 days were up until the media shitstorm blew over , which does n't exactly sound like rittenband was planning on canning polanski for a few years . 
  even if rittenband had opted to imprison polanski it would have likely been a brief stay while polanski 's lawyers appealed it up the food chain to the superior court . 
  given the recommendations of the various officers of the court it , dismissal of the other charges , etc would be exceeding unlikely for polanski have to been given additional jail time by rittenband and even if it had happened for a superior court to have upheld it . 
  there is basically no way polanski could have done any serious time with the five major charges already dismissed by rittenband . 
  the narrative you 're citing is the one polanski and his supporters push to gain sympathy in europe . 
  shortly after he fled , polanski 's lawyers pushed a false narrative that rittenband was going to toss polanski in jail and then deport him , which is entirely impossible since rittenband is a state judge and ca n't issue any kind of order regarding citizenship or deportation . 
  all he could have done was nicely ask for someone at the federal level to deport polanski and the feds had already shown no interest in the case . 
  for that matter , he straight up abused his parole . 
  i 'm still somewhat amazed how difficult it is to get him back from europe . 
  he was sentenced to 90 days in jail with psych monitoring , given parole to to finish up a film project , and then fled .
