arguably though the merchant will increase their price to offset the fee they pay the credit card company , so it 's only free money if the points/benefits exceed the markup . 
  this is potentially true for merchants who do enough volume they have low processing fees and thus have a smaller markup . 
  it can also be true on brand issued credit cards , such as a gas . 
  for example i get 5 % off at certain gas stations and i 'll see these stations advertise a cash price which is lower than the credit card price . 
  however five percent off the cc price is still more than the cash price , so i swipe the card . 
  for people who do n't have that specific card though , cash would be a better deal . 
  plenty of smaller businesses in america are cash or cash/debit only though because they dislike the fees . 
  others just mark everything up . 
  socal also steals all of norcal 's water because some idiots decided that rather than stick to porn and movies , they should practice agriculture in desert conditions as well . 
  if the state splits , norcal gets 19 billion gallons of water back per year . 
  big win . 
  while the scots can do whatever they want , the reduction of a senior european military , and one of two nuclear arsenals in western europe , is of concern to many people on an international scale . 
  i have no say in domestic politics , but i definitely have a preference for this because it potentially impacts my nation 's strategic posture in the future . 
  hopefully the british government offering devolution of powers to the scots is sufficient and any major breakaway is postponed until europe has a more federalized model where changed up province/state type of things have fewer impacts . 
  scotland is n't just talking about redoing its internal systems , the proposed changes impact every other nation since the end result of a yes is another independent nation on this planet and the peers of this potential nation have a right to comment on that part of this . 
  but not ethnically diverse in key security/buffer zones where the government wants a loyalist population . 
  i 'm not sure anyone knows entirely what is up with the dutch warships and their doctrine . 
  they have the standard missile 2 which is an american/aegis mainstay for self defense but they couple that with thales radar and control systems . 
  also they can track ballistic missiles , but do not operate the standard missile 3 , which is what you need to shoot at them and it 's not entirely clear if they all the pieces of the fire control needed to control a sm-3 or they are just meant to serve as spotters and help provide tracking data to a ground station/aegis vessel . 
  however the warships are designed to partake in the american missile shield and can relay data to american aegis warships . 
  i think by the end of the 2017 modernization program the zeven provincien class will be a form of aegis-lite that can at least cooperate at some level with aegis warships but might not quite be able to do it all . 
  older vessels like the karel doormans have some ability to share information , but nowhere near at the level of an aegis or paams like system where the entire battlegroup is linked . 
  likely a big factor in the modernization program is the role of the dutch navy . 
  unlike the americans , french , and british , the dutch navy is n't in the carrier escorting business . 
  it could be that the nato doctrine are for the dutch warships to hang out as spotters in certain areas where they would not be in immediate danger of an overwhelming missile attack and just provide tracking data , so the capabilities of the warship can scale . 
  america keeps talking about an aegis frigate for that role , to just service as mobile anti-icbm platforms and not designed to handle a swarm of drones trying to blast through it on their way to a carrier . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paams multiple ships in a battle group network together to share tracking and targeting info , along with determining who has the best shot at the hostile missile , plane , etc. 
  america uses aegis for the same task and we 've exported it to norway , spain , japan , south korea , and upcoming australian warships will use it as well . 
  france , the uk , and italy decided to jointly make a destroyer and make their own combat system al la how the eurofighter happened . 
  however there were disagreements from the get gone in terms of requirements . 
  the uk pulled out of the joint destroyer project but stayed in the group on the electronics/combat side of things . 
  problem is paams is incompatible on multiple levels . 
  paams ships ca n't network into an aegis group or vice versa . 
  so if you have a pair of american destroyers and a british one , the americans can support each other , the british one has to operate solo . 
  also american missile launchers are built to handle both the tomahawk and our aegis standard missiles . 
  the french and italians did not consider handling tomahawks an issue so the paams cell was n't designed to fit them . 
  however the uk does operate tomahawks and thus had an issue with fitting strike capability into their type 45s . 
  on top of that now these three countries and their ten ships are on the hook to redesign and upgrade the system to deal with emerging threats . 
  whereas america , japan , and the rok all contribute to testing and designing aegis upgrades ( and selling them to norway and spain helps defray some of the cost ) . 
  australia has indicated it wants to contribute once it has its aegis hulls in service . 
  my personal guess is that while paams is an excellent system currently , budget issues will make it harder for it to stay current . 
  for example aegis is being systemically expanded to handle shitty icbms ( ex : the old and low tech types north korea might shoot at japan ) and has done well in tests . 
  we and the japanese have both used it to shoot down old satellites as well and when mir ( the russian space station ) was taken out of orbit , a pair of american aegis destroyers were near australia in case the russians screwed up and any debris looked like it might fall on them instead of into the ocean . 
  anti missile/satellite capability was cut from paams due to budget issues and i think over time these cuts will build up since these ships and their services need to last for decades while remaining current . 
  brazil bought an old french one thailand bought a small one one and basically uses it at the royal yacht . 
  big deck amphibs that are baby carrier like are also popular items . 
  australia bought two new ones off the spanish . 
  the canadian navy asked the government for some baby carriers but was told no . 
  that 's part of their beauty , we can sail our cvn right into the gulf on port visits and if anyone is dumb enough to sink it , they 're only fucking themselves . 
  the ssn force is one of the best , the rn has really kept it up compared in terms of training and modern equipment compared to many others , america included , after the fall of the ussr and the extinction of the soviet boomer . 
  however i think surface wise the rn is very limited . 
  only six type 45s ( and a total of 10 paams capable ships in the world ) honestly creates creates issues in terms of depth . 
  quality is excellent , but one of those ships needs emergency maintenance and you have a serious capability gap . 
  it 's the downside to building an air defense destroyer designed to protect a large area and not having too many spares around . 
  personally i think the rn 's big mistake was not following the japanese method of adopting aegis and modifying it . 
  the japanese navy got what they wanted and can still plug into usn battle groups for big events . 
  with paams the theoretical battle group would be 6 type 45s and 4 horizon frigates ( 2 french , 2 italian ) assuming no one is undergoing refit , repair , etc. 
  plus two uk carriers and the french carrier . 
  it 's nice striking force , but if we are in a situation where we need to escort joint forces across the atlantic or elsewhere i think the inability to tie into an american aegis network will hurt from an operational standpoint . 
  even if paams is better , the lack of hulls that operate it hurts . 
  back when the french and italians were going to operate 8 total hulls it was a bit better , but they halved their order and the uk also cut down on the type 45 order , so the result is 10 total . 
  only real problem i see is that cuts to other areas of the navy likely remain intact . 
  so the uk wo n't have the ability to run both carriers at the same time due to a lack of support ships . 
  it will be nice in that if one is refitting , you can use the other but still one carrier at sea at a time . 
  the powers that be fear that then putin will move using `` protection of russian minorities '' or something . 
  he wo n't admit that those american f-15s just blew up a column of russian troops , but rather he 'll go on tv , announce his concern over the treatment of russian minorities or some shit and openly send in more . 
  ukraine does n't exactly win if we keep coming up with various sugarcoated reasons to turn eastern ukraine into a testing ground for nato vs warsaw pact weaponry . 
  of course they do n't win if we let eastern ukraine be snatched up either . 
  i would hope germany is buying eastern block weaponry for you guys and passing it in . 
  as i hope america is along with other support measures . 
  this shipment is more useful to the kurds in that all of nato is pitching in and everything being supplied is nato standard . 
  you guys have a massive stockpile of eastern block stuff and plenty of people already trained on it . 
  once this is over you can get into nato standard hopefully . 
  it seems like a logical move for the eu or nato . 
  soviet era equipment can be provided to ukraine . 
  the more mature economies can can then subsidize replacement of that equipment with modern nato standard hardware . 
  the arms exporters of europe and america also get some orders out of the deal . 
  perhaps the next thing will be over the comings weeks to months we 'll hear some agreement about nato helping modernize its members equipment or some such which will be how the replacing of items given to ukraine will be phrased . 
  the cia just needs to forge a nice document on how x , y and z were scrapped , most definitely not given to ukraine . 
  yet . 
  it would depend on how the mission was structured . 
  blue helmets simply hanging out in ukraine wo n't do anything , but if this was more of a way to window dress nato troops locking down the border to starve out the rebels by cutting their logistics , it has value . 
  if international troops secure the border for say 6 months , ukraine gets its own military in order ( with western aid ) , also begins providing social services to the region to win people away from the rebels and then when the peacekeepers leave the ukrainian military swoops in , it would benefit ukraine . 
  yes the rebels would consolidate in certain areas , but right now ukraine struggles to make gains in the face of russian logistical support to the rebels . 
  of course this means nato/eu needs to supply the troops and supply enough of them to secure the border . 
  you ca n't just get boots from random nations who have no skin in the game and can be bribed by the russians . 
  of course russia as a security council veto , so it 's all academic . 
  the only real reason would be to propose this just to get russia on record with a veto for additional public relations damage . 
  accidents . 
  america mistook a passenger liner for a jet fighter and shot it down . 
  the ussr shot down one plane by mistake with a sam ( america had been buzzing their bases with bombers and they were pissed off they could n't shoot our planes down because of our superior technology , so they were eager to shoot something and nailed a korean air flight ) . 
  korea air flight 902 was shot down by a su-15 despite the pilot reporting korean characters on the tail . 
  it had strayed into soviet airspace by accident , did n't respond to soviet ground control and the soviets were convinced it was an american plane painted to look like a civilian airliner . 
  there was a second incident where a soviet pilot refused to fire on a civilian aircraft , al la the 902 incident , and was disciplined . 
  anyway even at the height of command and control capabilities for two super powers things were mistake and shot down . 
  you have dimitry in his sam site and he heard ivan brag all day about getting a su-25 , so he sees something on his scope , never bothers to figure out it is flying much too high and fast to be a ukrainian military transport and now we have an international incident . 
  i think the issue in terms of russian participation is russia 's logistical role in all this . 
  ukraine can at times barely scrape together a platoon worth of armored personnel carriers , but the separatists have entire sam sites and things of that nature . 
  my personnel feeling is the separatists are at the very least receiving help reconditioning and maintaining captured equipment if not just getting working equipment handed them to by the russians and then passing it off as stolen from ukraine . 
  although really that is a question for various intel agencies to answer .
