  whereas ukraine sans crimea is still functional . 
  odessa can function as ukraine 's main port . 
  this means that crimea can be temporarily lost to ukraine . 
  the big thing is temporarily . 
  not just given to russia like austria was given to germany , but lost temporarily . 
  russia is suspended from the g8 , only the russian puppets recognize crimea as russian , etc. 
  in the mean time various intelligence agencies work to foster anti-russian feelings in crimea . 
  all of europe and the usa work to undermine the russian economy at the same time ukraine is aided . 
  so the ukrainian economy grows while the russians experience contractions and instability , leaving people in crimea to wonder if maybe they are n't part of the wrong country . 
  hard to rally a pro russian militia when russia put you in the poor house . 
  in russia proper , putin 's support should also erode as the economy falters . 
  it gives europe a chance to ease itself off its gas problem and avoid economic instability and a war in which ukraine and perhaps baltics get mauled pretty badly ( even if we 're just talking a conventional one here ) . 
  of course this only works if you believe that nato/eu can actually stick to their principles on this and maintain a unified policy in undermining russia . 
  economic actions against russia , continued support for covert work in crimea , and general support for building up eastern europe . 
  whereas if you believe that in a couple years this will be water under the bridge , france will be selling the russians warships again , etc , then you might as well just go ahead and have the war as opposed to letting putin consolidate his claims and move forward . 
  it also really only works so long as crimea is really all that goes . 
  if the next step is pro-russian militias become even more active in eastern ukraine and `` self defense forces '' appear there , then clearly putin does not intend to leave ukraine as a functional state and it is time to intervene militarily . 
  west germany did just fine without the eastern part and eventually got it back without having to have a shooting war . 
  whereas obviously there eventually was a war over concessions to germany for austria , czechoslovakia , memel , and danzig . 
  better minds than mine need to figure out if economic warfare can ensure this crimea grab is just a temporary little masturbatory session by putin that fucks him the long run or if it is the first domino to fall . 
  you would n't move a carrier into the baltic until the entire area was sanitized . 
  moving it in early is just feeding it to the russian shore based missiles . 
  the only think nato has ever promised the baltics is the low countries plan . 
  your military holds out long enough for a government in exile and as many refugees as possible to get out . 
  surviving conventional equipment makes a fighting retreat into poland . 
  other military units stay behind for resistance purposes and intel . 
  eventual liberation comes in the form of a nato counterattack . 
  we 'd have no need or desire to come in from sea when we could stage out of poland . 
  ideally troops coming in from western europe can take over frontline duties somewhere in poland while the baltic units and whichever polish units go in first can reconstitute and become combat effective again . 
  you keep the russians out of the baltics by making it so they have to continue on to fight poland and then run the risk of another battle of warsaw ( only this time with nato forces blocking a retreat like pi\u0142sudski was hoping for ) . 
  i 'm just viewing it from a real political perspective for the sake of argument . 
  the reality is you ca n't expect decades in continuous foreign policy out of a single treaty . 
  the people in power change , policies change , etc. 
  what i 'm getting at , is how damaged is the west 's credibility here based on the fact it looks like at best there will be some sanctions and maybe a bit of a proxy war ? 
  basically are other countries in eastern going to look at this situation and go `` well nato/eu/etc is worthless , better go get some icbms ? '' . 
  or will feel that ukraine has two decades of time bought by that pact to get into the protective umbrella of a larger treaty bloc , did n't , and thus while these nations have concerns over what is happening ukraine they feel no urge to go get the reactors up and running ? 
  as for leadership , of course it matters . 
  alliances tend to straighten due to common shared goals . 
  when you have an electorate putting guys in office who are pro a rival nation state , most people are unlikely to to be that excited to honor agreements signed with a previous government who was pro you . 
  it 's not honorable , but it is how politics works . 
  if in some weird world , some pro-russian party sweeps the next polish election , i doubt folks would be shocked when the usa slammed the brakes on certain projects with poland . 
  while i personally agree america is not covering itself in glory in terms of honoring that pact , just to play devils advocate , how long can you realistically expect the west to be on the hook for ? 
  everyone else who escaped from behind the iron curtain has spent the past two decades reforming their military and economy so that nato membership and/or eu membership is on the table . 
  whereas ukraine has bounced back and forth between pro-russia and pro-western spheres , while not really committing firmly . 
  speaking abstractly , the reality is a country that until recently had a pro-russian government , is not a military ally , and has a piece of paper that turns 20 this year . 
  i mean there was the 1994 crimean crisis , the tuzla island thing , and now crimea again . 
  all the while ukraine has flirted with being pro-russian when certain politicians found it beneficial and such . 
  you ca n't expect a massive military response with those kind of cards on the table . 
  russia has no desire to go nuclear in eastern europe either , because all that radiation just drifts right back east onto many key russian cities . 
  also the russian icbm arsenal spent the 1990s get minimal maintenance due to the state of the russian economy . 
  america is twenty years into abm research while putin is still trying to catch up on regular maintenance and upgrades for his stuff . 
  also there is plenty of political will in america . 
  the cold warrior mindset never died , even if many of us ( myself included at times ) mocked it after the fall of the ussr . 
  however the moment russian troops hit a nato ally , we 're not so far removed from the cold war that we ca n't get ready to kick some russian ass . 
  you have tapi running from the caspian sea to india and pakistan . 
  then you have the central-asian china pipeline that runs from central asia ( surprise ) over to china infrastructure in xinjiang . 
  there is current an iran-pakistan pipeline under construction as well . 
  it 's not cheap , but talks of extending the iran-pakistan pipeline so it can either tie into current infrastructure or get to xinjiang via new infrastructure have been going on since 2008 . 
  if china will foot the bill , it could happen . 
  whole network of river valleys running from afghanistan to tajikistan to kyrgyzstan and then into xinjiang . 
  two different road routes you could build alongside currently . 
  china is tight with pakistan and pushing into central asia as the american draw down in afghanistan creates a power vacuum . 
  while i 'm not disputing the easier to europe part , china is resource poor and knows it . 
  they 're likely willing to pay a premium to get it done . 
  iran 's fuel going to the eu would in part depend on what kind of collective bid the eu can come up with likely . 
  at least in the american experience , it 's the losers who go with some kind of race based nationalism . 
  our white trash are the ones running around with their nazi flags and talking about the war on white folk . 
  they claim they 're poor because some other group stole their money , as opposed to them just being broke ass failures . 
  the fact one of their first plays was to call in the biker gang does n't exactly make them look like statesmen trying to build a new pan-slavic state for the betterment of the world or such . 
  on the american side , supposedly the aim is to fact track the new ukrainian government into a nato partnership . 
  ukraine is not nato ready , but a few politicians have suggested we create a special category for them where they get the defensive benefits , but not full benefits , until military reforms are complete . 
  america is already offering ukraine a fairly nice aid package and rallying imf/g7 pressure for the same . 
  the long term solution is honestly to continue support of poland and ukraine . 
  in the unwelcome and unlikely event of war , both those countries appear to have the will and the ability put hard assets on the table . 
  the baltics as well , but they 're indefensible . 
  about the best they can hope for is a fighting retreat into poland and a nato counterattack . 
  for that matter poland seems positioned to be a good supplier of advisors and such to ukraine . 
  as an american i 'm come out of this conflict with the belief our military support missions to european partners need to be rethought . 
  if some countries are pissing themselves in terror at the thought of sanctions and their own markets dropping , i hate to see what they 'd do if the war went hot . 
  no one is getting killed in crimea and we can continue to offer support to the ukrainians to continue nonviolent confrontations and staring down the russians so hopefully no one is killed . 
  if russia goes full retard and starts putting rounds in bodies , we 'll need to revisit the military solution . 
  as an american , what annoys me the most , is certain european countries having no ability to even huff . 
  specifically the ones say no sanctions and such . 
  i 'd like to see europe and america united in kicking the russian economy in the nuts on a regular basis . 
  on monday , russia became 60 billion poorer . 
  if in a week everyone would get on board with going back to the g7 and issue statements , that would take out some more . 
  you do n't even have to make the move , just skip sochi and sign off on some indefinitely hiatus type of agreement . 
  then in a couple weeks , germany can announce how it wants to restart the nukes and be on electric heat next winter and kick gazprom stock in the balls . 
  so on and so forth . 
  make the kind of statements that make it hard for russia to rebound economically and hopefully push them further into a slump . 
  at the end even , europe does n't have to fuck itself other . 
  make the scary noises , or just nod in agreement when the americans talk sanctions , and let the invisible hand of the market bitch slap the ruble and the moscow exchange every couple of weeks for the next few months . 
  we can even give putin an offramp . 
  agree ukraine was unstable and send in a un peackeeping force with a mandate and everything to protect the russians , tartars , etc. 
  russia can even send some troops to participate ( and we can all monitor them ) sit down and work with putin to draft up a face saving un resolution . 
  if he stalls or drags his feet , poke the russian economy with targeted action . 
  i mean i even own bp stock and i 'm not excited about the idea of it underperforming for the next six months ( since bp owns a share of some russian companies ) , but i 'm even less excited about russian control of crimea and putin feeling like he can act with impunity in eastern europe . 
  bp slumping is a lot cheaper than my tax dollars supporting extensive armored operations in europe . 
  i 'm curious has there been any kind of push to turn the thermostat down , put on an extra layer of clothes , and at least try to fuck the russians out of the profits for a few million cubic meters of gas ? 
  i 'm thinking if europe can cut use the fact it is a mild winter to achieve a consumption cut , coupled with economic sanctions hitting the russian markets , seizure of russian assets , etc , it may be possible to kick out the supports of the russian economy .
