  if you want something that reflects poorly on someone , that reflects poorly on the russian government . 
  they 're a regional power and their attempts to snap and snarl at america are pathetic and amusing . 
  if only the same was true for their attempts to snap at ukraine . 
  many people of course argue the sound of a 12 gauge pumping or discharging provides intruders with plenty of incentive to get the fuck out and they might load rock salt or birdshot into their gun as their first shell so that their warning shot is less than lethal . 
  they figure the robbers are n't going to sit around and figure out what you 're firing . 
  others argue given the criminals may already out number you , anything other than lethal on the first shot is stupid because once you fire , they know where you are . 
  my personal policy is i will not go downstairs to have a gun battle with a robber , unless i have family down there . 
  that being said the minute the robber moves to come up the stairs , where my family sleeps , i paint the walls with his organs and body fluids . 
  there is admittedly a 99.99 % chance he is just coming up to find other stuff to steal , but there is that slight chance he 's a rapist , serial killer , or whatever other paranoid home invader you care to picture who is looking for the bedrooms and people . 
  i do n't care to roll those dice , so my first shot will be lethal . 
  that personally is why i do n't bother with less than lethal . 
  i 'll exercise caution , a duty to retreat , and keep the family safe upstairs , my non lethal action was not going down and shooting him when he was unplugging the tv . 
  once you start moving in the direction of my family members , that option is off the table . 
  i 'm a big believer in castle doctrine , and if someone ever entered my home by force i would have no issues shooting to kill . 
  i grew up in a rural part of the country where law enforcement could be 15 + minutes away , even if they responded instantly and came at full speed . 
  it is understandable you can not always wait for the police . 
  that being said , the home owner did not exactly cover himself in glory or forethought . 
  so kids have been breaking into your garage recently for petty theft ? 
  secure the garage , do n't load it down with motion sensors . 
  hardware stores sell these awesome things called locks . 
  you go running out there with a shotgun and if it is a real violent criminals , not teenagers doing petty theft , you end up getting shot by an accomplice . 
  way to die and leave your kids fatherless because some morons were trying to steal your snow blower . 
  now when they start forcing their way through the interior door into your house , by all means start discharging shotgun shells . 
  however when you have video footage of the guy , you left your door open as bait , etc , it starts to move away from castle doctrine and more of you want to kill someone . 
  especially when after all that you exit the home , meaning your family is left behind inside , so you can flank and shoot someone . 
  that 's not exactly defending the family . 
  you could have stayed inside , watched the intruder over the baby monitor , had the wife call 911 , and if the guy tries the interior door that leads to your home , shoot to kill . 
  along with also behind beside your family in the invent other accomplices attempt to enter via the backdoor or such . 
  basically the exiting and engaging suggests from one perspective that the homeowner knew this was n't a serious threat in terms of needing to hunker down and protect his family . 
  home owner could be going to go to jail over this . 
  castle doctrine is still a valid idea with me though and i see no reason to consider a gun control debate over it . 
  guy had a shotgun , which is not a heavily regulated gun in many industrial countries , and as far as our media can dig up no priors to argue he should not have had that weapon . 
  mr. kaarma massively overreacted to multiple intrusions by teenagers and will pay the price , however had a certain teenager stayed him and played xbox instead of garage hopping , mr. kaarma would have had no target to overreact against . 
  here the gun was just the tool , the overreaction would likely have occurred no matter what tool you gave mr. kaarma . 
  2:50 mark , how many pro-russians does it take to burn a flag ? 
  sure . 
  sounds good . 
  i 'm sure south korea will enjoy being able to quickly establish hegemony over asia . 
  russia might not respect conventional war , but they are n't suicidal . 
  they did minimal upkeep on their strategic weapons throughout the 1990s and even now are still making up for that debt . 
  meanwhile america is at second generation icbm interceptors and things of that nature . 
  everyone loses in a nuclear war ( well china might not in a nato vs russia exchange ) , but mad does n't apply anymore in the sense everyone dies . 
  putin is most definitely not suicidal and there is absolutely zero way he lives through any nuclear exchange russia initiates . 
  america will systemically drop minutemen iiis on any rock that the fucker who launched on us might be hiding under . 
  putin throws away all his power the minute the launch order goes . 
  i do n't really see russia wanting to take this hot . 
  if europe starts to look too risky , russia will go engage in border fuckery in central asia or elsewhere and the russian news will switch to focusing on that poor oppressed russian population/rebuilding the ussr by getting the central asian ` stans back . 
  or else they 'll sulk and blame the warmongering american bastards for all their ills in the world . 
  obviously putin is now up there on the list of people who are a threat to global security . 
  regarding the russians , while i realize there is heavy internal propaganda , i am still shocked folks think they miss living in the soviet system and/or can be sold some of the bullshit putin is selling . 
  you 'd think there would be some kind of collective memory about it . 
  no hatred towards the people , but i am shocked they 're falling for some of the propaganda . 
  why do you think he makes a point to stress the training of the army and it is his duty to protect the state ? 
  he 's saying that to keep a certain state from encouraging `` militias '' and i doubt he looking at warsaw when he says it . 
  i suppose the big problem is the former colonial powers still have overseas obligations and they are n't confident in some kind of combined euroforce will help . 
  france had proposed that they split the carrier duties with the uk and the uk rejected it , instead opting to build two . 
  i 'm sure the uk is wondering `` well what if we do shared carrier duties with france and argentina attacks the falklands while our carrier is under refit ? 
  is a french battlegroup going to sail down there and kick argentina 's ass ? '' . 
  now the entire thing is a potential massive waste of money in that the second one may never launch or launch later and have a limited service life . 
  plus all the protectionism of local defense industries leads to situations where you have the leclerc , leopard , and challenger with 3x the r&d costs compared to what america paid for one tank . 
  all three are fine tanks , but if europe had just built one , i ca n't imagine the world would have ended . 
  now that whole process is repeating itself with the puma , vbci , cv90 , and a possible british ifv . 
  certain countries get it , you ca n't say count on the netherlands or denmark to chip in an entire armored division for every nato operation since they simply ca n't support it , but their air forces always show up and carry their weight . 
  it looks like it will take years , if not decades , to really get people to embrace the fact that some of the smaller nation states are going to have to specialize instead of having a well rounded military ( and not even the big guys can afford to own one of everything that america or china will ) . 
  collectively europe can , but not individually . 
  yeah , if eastern ukraine is lost , i 'd only semi-sarcastically suggest poland and romania grab western ukraine to beat the russians . 
  i just do n't see a western only ukraine as a sustainable rump state , so you might as well act . 
  with crimea at least ukraine still had odessa as a port and could hope that they 'd get crimea back , but this would be a much bigger loss . 
  my only concern there is that the m1 supposedly has one of the higher total costs of ownership ( turbine engine , fuel economy , etc ) . 
  if countries want them , i 'd be happy to ship them , but i 'm not sure if everyone has the economy to support them . 
  the leopard 2 seems to be the standard choice for european battle tank . 
  given germany 's economic might but lack of interest in deploying beyond its own borders , it would be nice to see germany offer the tanks and/or upgrade kits for current owners at subsidized rates to nato members . 
  a straight percent off the top or buy 3 get 1 free , whatever . 
  let those who need them get the older t-64s / t-72s out of service and germany gets the added benefit of more work for the assembly line in exchange for the german government footing a bit of the bill . 
   a spokesman for russia 's mission to the u.n. denied that moscow threatened any country with retaliation if it supported the resolution , saying : `` we never threaten anyone . 
  we just explain the situation . '', 
  just like how ivan ivanovich and his business associates ` explain the situation ' , specifically how if you fail to pay 14 points of interest they explain they will bury an icepick in your testicles . 
  i see no reason to reconsider our asian pivot . 
  i just see a number of large european economies who need to reconsider the percent of gdp spent on defense . 
  america has extensive business interests in asia and i personally would consider korea , japan , and australia as extremely close allies and trade partners whose future security impacts our own in a very meaningful manner . 
  in europe , russia is a regional power and the eu is a potential super power . 
  there is no reason the eu ca n't play a leadership role in russian containment and rely on america for support in certain areas and with technologies they do not yet have fully developed such as a missile shield . 
  that 's plenty of time to establish cultural ties and get your nose in the door with regard to having a subgroup that considers themselves `` russian '' . 
  2076 will be 300 years for america and we 're fairly well established in terms of having an american identity and a concept of exactly what is ours on the map . 
  reality is , now matter how thick your history book , only takes a generation or two and a bit of a settlement policy to get some roots down . 
  i can understand why russia has interests crimea for a variety of economic and strategic reasons . 
  along with historical roots in the region . 
  so i think any policy whose ultimate goal is to freeze russia out of crimea will always fail . 
  so if putin wanted to say do a bit of pro-russian lobbying or such before that now cancelled may vote and things of that nature , kiev needs to accept it and work out a deal in the lines of rapprochement . 
  however there is a major shift from that to sending in troops , biker gangs , etc to rig some bullshit vote where 113 % of sevastopol turns out to vote . 
  rapprochement and soft power is excellent because no one really wants a shooting war , but when russian troops and vehicles flood into a foreign country , that boat has sailed . 
  honor the contract , but buy the crappiest chinese steel money can buy and make just enough structural components out of it that it will take the russians a couple years to notice . 
  to add onto the money part , poland has also set the standard for embracing nato implemented reforms to their military size and structure . 
  poland has done an excellent job restructuring , expanding technical abilities , and striking a good balance between when to keep old soviet hardware online ( or upgrade it ) versus buying new . 
  one of the things that comes back to me when thinking about crimea is a quote from the vietnam war . 
  basically it boils down to `` to save the village from being captured by the viet cong , we had to destroy it . '', 
  at some level that is the state with crimea and ukraine as a whole . 
  in a war what infrastructure ukraine is , is likely done for . 
  plus all those ukrainian troops in bases on crimea are just hostages . 
  they 're dead the moment the shooting starts .
