  well rt works fast and hard , i 'll give them that . 
  in non bizzaro world , the fuck are the ukrainians going to shoot down putin 's plane for ? 
  that just gives whoever the oligarchs replace putin with a reason to roll the tanks into ukraine ( not that russia really seems to care about having one ) . 
  yeah , this lyashko has at least won an election and has the region 's head of law enforcement riding with him . 
  so there is a stain of legitimacy to this and the point that many of the ukrainian police did nothing or actively collaborated with the pro-russian movement is well taken . 
  i think the big thing is what happens now that chief blubber has been forced to resign . 
  is a new chief selected based on his own merits or is a party guy who will crack skulls for lyashko ? 
  these kinds of things happen during a civil war when the state institutions break down , at least here no summary executions or anything , they just bring the guy in to shame the police for their own inaction . 
  well the deal is , we 're more likely to do something about anything it seems . 
  now that could mean going to bat for ukraine . 
  that could mean turning subverting the entire german intelligence apparatus . 
  that could mean removing a secular baathist dictator and turning iraq into an ugly three way war once we leave . 
  we 're gon na roll the dice . 
  so we look awesome and certain other powers look like do nothing bums . 
  other times the rest of the world is staring at us going `` why the fuck would you do that ? '', 
  i would agree the un or whoever had functional command and control ( the french ) should also share liability . 
  however at the end of the day the dutch military surrendered after extremely light casualties . 
  for a 300 person force , 1 kia and 2 wounded is on the level of equipment failure during training . 
  i would have expected out of my unit should we ever find ourselves in such a situation . 
  on top of that , much of this comes out of if the dutch state deployed a force that was too poorly armed . 
  who exactly made the decision to send out 300 solders with equipment so light that the serbs could run them off is an issue , the courts seem to have put that on the dutch state . 
  other nations in operational control might have screwed up in terms of air support or their command role , but end of the day each nation was responsibly for arming their own troops . 
  i do n't think there was anything stopping the dutch government from having acted unilaterally to attack an armored company , artillery , whatever onto their force . 
  america ended up with a bloody nose and numerous dead in mogadishu because we used too light of a force , sure other un detachments there had armor , but we pulled ours out and paid the price . 
  yes un doctrine said light weapons only and thus the un should hold some liability there but still they 're your guys , give them what you think they need . 
  america always overdeploys on un missions after mogadishu and i have no idea if the un even bothers to protest or just rolls their eyes at ys . 
  you ca n't claim total immunity just because someone on the chain of command was dumb . 
  if your boss tells you to go play in traffic , sure he gave you a horrible assignment , but you still ran out there . 
  you make it clear to the serbs that while yes they have superior firepower and can win , doing so will cause them to run up such a body count that the next nato boots on the ground will be put there to personally skullfuck every serb involved in this . 
  one or two dead bodies can be explained away as an accident by the serbs , make it clear they have to go down a road from which there is no return and yes they will win this tactical engagement but strategically they just doomed themselves . 
  in my nation 's military tradition anything less is cowardice when you 're responsible for human lives . 
  of course it is also easier for me to say knowing that 300 dead american soldiers would provoke a massive wave of nationalism and demand for vengeance out of our domestic population and thus we can provide a credible threat to the serbs . 
  to reference thomas aquinas a war is only just when three conditions are met and one of those conditions is the war is conducted by a duly constituted authority . 
  western ethos are such that military personnel are expected to protect civillians , and not just their own . 
  so we agents if the dutch state do n't conduct themselves as expected it comes back on the state . 
   satire not hate , but seriously america , if you vote this bitch in , we will give you a stern glare . 
  problem is , the next potus likely gets to appoint a couple supreme court justices . 
  so the likely outcome is the clinton money machine crushes all other democrats in the primary . 
  no one else in the party has the warchest and campaign staff she can field . 
  after which you vote clinton in the general or run the risk of having to deal with an even more conservative court than the one that just ruled closely held companies can enforce religious principles on their employee 's health care . 
  it 's not just clinton 's four years , it 's the court system . 
  so i 'll vote against her in the primary without a doubt because i hate the ideal of a political dynasty in any form and i have serious issues with some of her views , but come general election time , urgh . 
  france though looks after itself , nothing wrong with that , very eager to intervene in certain areas it has influence but also willing to sell warships to russia even though they 'll likely be cruising off the coasts of the baltic states or other nato members shortly after delivery . 
  they seem very much pro military when useful to them personally and just as eager to stick their head in the sand for other causes . 
  i think america is in a sense . 
  japan and south korea are now the focus of our actions and arguably america 's two most important allies and the countries i consider our most important overseas partners ( canada will always be number one due to geographic and cultural shared areas ) . 
  in terms of who we cooperate with in europe , i think we 'll continue to see a shift of favoritism toward poland , the baltic states , and those who have a commitment to meaningful action . 
  when france and germany got bitchy over ukraine refusing to indefinitely extend the ceasefire and let the insurgents , it really damaged their credibility in my eyes . 
  sure no one wants war with russia , but you give putin a free hand in eastern ukraine and he 's not going to say no to it should it fall into his lap . 
  at some point if the `` insurgents '' not negotiating in good faith , time to take an action . 
  you 're not going to kick economies like france , germany , etc out of nato , but i see their approval or disapproval as less and less relevant . 
  i 'm totally okay with them for thinking iraq was a load of shit that bush tried to sell them , it was , but their lack of reaction to putin makes it seem more that they just have a kneejerk reaction to any kind of military action , even just a show of force for deterrence . 
  well they got a colonial empire out of the deal , so clearly it works . 
  if we 're dealing with old british leaders , can we dig up the assholes who decided that a vombined kurdish , shia , and sunni state was an awesome idea ? 
  not to mention detaching off kuwait . 
  because i 'd love to have words with them about that dumb ass idea . 
  at this point kurdistan needs to happen and shia and sunni iraq need to work out an autonomy deal or just go their own ways . 
  giving them one would be not that terrible , in that russia was planning on having four , only getting the first one gives them a one off ship and no economies of scale related to its operational budget . 
  so you get an amphib but you get screwed on operational costs . 
  plus if the french cut off the flow of spare parts and such , it just joins the former soviet fleet in spending 360 days of the year tied to a dock until the russians figure out how to reverse engineer various systems . 
  that adds up quickly , since you 'll be machining a bunch of custom parts . 
  still better to cancel though . 
  the canadian navy supposed wanted two big deck amphibs during their last whitepaper and listed the mistral as a finalist for consideration , but of course what military ever said no to new toys , but the federal government said no . 
  wonder if that deal could somehow happen . 
  we can spin it into the fact we have to step in due to surrender monkey france selling to putin or something . 
  you can do the negative stereotypes to your benefit . 
  beside we 'd have no intention of ever commissioning them into our navy . 
  we already make our own big deck amphibs and the french ones would be useless because they 'd be nonstandard with all our hardware . 
  like i said , we 'd just park them in some naval reserve and sell them to someone , taking a haircut on the deal . 
  i 'd imagine right now we 're trying to convince the canadians or the chileans they want a baby carrier or two . 
  brazil would be an option since they have the coastline , but i think they spent all their money on the used foch class they bought off the french and india is domestic building these days . 
  australia sadly already inked the deal for the spanish competitor it turns out , so no dice there . 
  i 'd imagine argentina is a nonstarter since the uk would not be happy . 
  america does of course . 
  regarding a nato or eu purchase , another tool is to sign a spare parts contract with france . 
  odds are the russians will try to get domestic companies doing the maintenance work on the ships . 
  with a nato or eu purchase , you could guarantee a decade ( or more ) of french shipyards doing all the work on the ships . 
  in turn the french government and companies involved in this should be willing to offer up more favorable purchase and financing terms due to the fact a support contract would also be part of it . 
  russia 's long term plan after all is to build its own shipyard and assemble its own license builds of the mistral . 
  so i doubt they 'll be sailing into french harbors for refits and upkeep . 
  plus of course one would hope given the situation , the folks involved would sell at cost or for a modest profit instead of whatever they charged the russians . 
  personally i would like to the eu to buy them . 
  as a perk to france , they can operated by french crews , but their deployments and their budget will come out of some eu fund . 
  they could be useful as baby carriers/sea control ships/etc for many eu led missions ( eu led the somali anti-piracy task force , etc ) , with everyone paying in a bit to keep them running . 
  have some rule where they only deploy for eu and un sanctioned actions to keep them ` apolitical ' or however you want to run it . 
  if the idea of the eu having its own military hardware is too much for the euroskeptics , then the eu can buy them as demilitarized vessels and use them solely as hospital rescues and disaster relief ships . 
  they make excellent mobile airfields for going into coastal areas whose infrastructure was recently destroyed . 
  instead of carrying tanks they can carry jeeps and medical supplies . 
  plus medium lift helicopters for sar . 
  the [ usns mercy ] ( http://www.c7f.navy.mil/imagery/high-res/2012/05-may/120518-n-gl340-094.jpg ) , with more aviation support and fewer hospital beds basically . 
  you could keep one in the med and have the other doing humanitarian work up and down the coast of africa . 
  the cynic in me figures america will buy them in the 11th hour , sit on them for awhile , and sell them australia or someone else at a loss . 
  i was hoping they would not be backing civil unrest in eastern ukraine and invading crimea . 
  bravado would be the russians . 
  russia has been advancing a scheme for years where they would pull out of iss to build opsek , from which an independent mars mission may be launched . 
  at no point has america suggested terminating international cooperative exploration of space . 
  russia gets to claim that honor . 
  america has been working to rally support for an international solution to replacing iss and probing things beyond the moon . 
  now with the ruble at a record low , billions in capital flight from russia , and deteriorating of foreign relations , russia has opted to turn opsek into their oft threatened response to the sanctions , after all they warned us there would be consequences and the consequences are laughable . 
  they ca n't even place a full ban on selling us rocket cores or stop hauling our astronauts up on soyuz because they need the money .
