  1 ) you can not reintroduce a zoo-bred animal into the wilderness 2 ) this lion would have quickly fought and killed another lion , or the opposite , because of lack of space 2a ) regarding the fight , please note : there are no vultures in the zoo , nor hyenas to roam the enclosure , or anything similar , to get rid of the dead lion 's rotting carcass , or even kill the lion if the other one does n't finish the job , but lets it suffer a slow agonizing death 3 ) this lion , if it survived the fight , would have impregnated his close relative , bringing newborn retarded/defective baby lions into the world 4 ) it 's better to humanely kill a lion than to give it away to a small-town zoo that would n't even be able to afford feeding it ; you ca n't give the lion to a big-town zoo because they already have all the lions they need 5 ) it is quite possible that the lion was genetically unremarkable , in which case it takes up precious living space ( and food ) from other lions with distinct and more valuable characteristics , such as a larger mane or better quality teeth, 
  i think the outrage was due to lions being pretty . 
  i do n't think the public would complain if someone dissected a crocodile , a vulture or a hyena . 
  but they are all `` equal '' - or , to better put it , equally useless in a zoo . 
  the lion was n't killed for fun , and since it had to go away , there 's nothing better than to do [ science ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nysbie7.jpg ) on its corpse . 
  if this act inspires some kid to breed cabbage and potatoes with eyes so that we can finally get rid of those pesky vegetarians , mission accomplished . 
  considering the giraffe was dissected and fed to the lions , was this lion fed to the giraffes ? 
  on a serious note , i 'm perfectly fine with what was done , as long as the meat was used in a good way . 
  because [ tikve\u0161 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tikve\u0161 ) . 
  it 's just a decoy , planted by the cia . 
  here in the balkans it 's pretty simple - you are n't a man if you ca n't slaughter a pig . 
  afraid of blood ? 
  you gayly gaygay !, 
  there was a short period in the early nineties where it was n't being covered at all , anywhere . 
  then it was back , and then in the early naughts ( 2002-2003 , i think ) the holocaust again disappeared from history books , but it was brought back the following year after the public reacted angrily . 
  the point is that nobody here in this general area teaches their children about what was done to others ; it 's all about what others did to them . 
  furthermore , the general ongoing revision of history has , for a while , been directed at tito and the partisan movement , as well as making yugoslav communism far worse than it was in reality . 
   i know that the yugoslav wars are too recent to include them , but do they mention the ww2 atrocities ? 
  it 's mostly one-sided , and there 's a lot of history revision going on . 
  i only learned about the holocaust when i got internet access , because none of the history books during my schooling mentioned it . 
  yeah . 
  a single ac-dc converter in the house , built properly so it does n't do what my stupid light bulb did , and then a circuit to power most devices in the house - computer , phone , laptop , tv , led lighting ... that would be great . 
  i wonder if it 'll ever happen - i do n't recall reading about it anywhere . 
  you have a point there ... 
  anyway , i think the whole system of home appliances ( at least the majority of them ) needs to be reworked . 
  every home should have a separate dc circuit . 
  it does n't matter if individual converters are very efficient - they 're still multiple points of failure . 
  i bought a 10 $ led bulb for my desk lamp , figured it 'll pay itself off in two years . 
  one day i got up and went to pee . 
  when i came back two minutes later , the room was dark and smelled like burning plastic . 
  the led bulb then caught fire . 
  luckily , i had an old t-shirt nearby that i used to douse the flame while it was still small . 
  i 'll be sticking to incandescents forever , thank you very much . 
  probably filmed on sunday morning , or on a holiday . 
  or both at the same time . 
   `` hmm , people wo n't fix my church roof . 
  better build a mosque and convert to islam . '', 
  like , i just truly do n't understand the connections . 
  it 's a balkan thing . 
  we all do it `` iz inata '' . 
  i have a couple of cats . 
  one is a true balkan cat ( the other is probably canadian , but that 's a different story ) . 
  i give the balkan cat a can of food ; she does n't want to eat it , because she does n't feel like eating exactly that can of food on exactly this day . 
  i wait for her to eat it , she waits until i give her something else , despite being very hungry ; `` iz inata '' . 
  then i finally succumb and give her a can of tuna , which she will always eat , no matter what . 
  she happily eats the tuna , looks at me , and vomits the tuna on the carpet ; `` iz inata '' . 
  yes . 
  like i said all the way back at the start of the conversation , stupid tests are the problem . 
  of course not . 
  they do the bare minimum required of them . 
  that 's what i said - the tests are stupid and do n't cover real-world scenarios . 
  car manufacturers only need to pass the tests , and that 's cheaper to do . 
   `` the nedc was never intended to represent real-world driving , '' said a spokesman for mitsubishi . 
  translation : `` it 's not our fault your tests are stupid and we 're able to get away with a lot '' . 
  why launch 26 missiles ? 
  30 is a round number ... 
  i mean , it could be both ways . 
  makes sense . 
  30 launched , 26 hit , 4 crashed . 
   all ajvar is made equal , except the one with too much eggplant . 
  generally speaking , ajvar should not have eggplant . 
  pin\u0111ur does have eggplant , lots of it . 
  there 's also ljutenica ... 
  you 're missing a branding opportunity here . 
  `` lithuania - the africa of europe ! '', 
  just need to import some lions ... 
  thanks mr. smiletal, 
   i 'm actually karamarko  if you are , write `` reindustrijalizacija '' . 
   do you guys ( rs , hr , ba ) fight over who makes the best ajvar ? 
  not really , because macedonians make the best ajvar . 
   why are serbs so much more pro-yugoslavia than croats and slovenes ? 
  is it because it was with capital belgrade ? 
  money went into belgrade , bosses and policemen came out of belgrade . 
  even in slovenia , which was most distant from serbia , serbs made the majority of the local police force while still in yugoslavia . 
  the same holds true for managers of state-owned corporations and factories , or generals in the national army ; those places were for serbs or truly hardcore local communists . 
  slovenia and croatia had tourism , and if they needed foreign currency , like deutschmarks , they had to buy them from the central yugoslavian bank at a stupidly high exchange rate , while they had to sell the surplus after the tourist season at a stupidly low exchange rate . 
  things like that . 
  like , you know , all yugoslavs are important , but some are more important than others . 
  ** remove \u0161trukli **, 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but do n't cars generally produce more pollution when driven at a lower speed ? 
  or is it an artifact of driving in cities ? 
  pollution is directly and linearly linked to fuel consumption . 
  driving in cities , where it 's start-stop at traffic lights and in traffic jams , uses a lot more fuel than keeping a constant speed outside of the city . 
  you can redline a car in 1st gear at 50 km/h and it will use a lot more fuel ( thus pollute a lot more ) than the same car doing 150 km/h in 6th . 
  recently i walked by a bicycle shop and they were advertising `` gluten-free bikes '' . 
  there you go !, 
  erm , it 's a quote from google translate of that thread : /, 
  `` wow , it 's my taartdag ! '', 
   we have awesome cuss words . 
  ] ( http://www.mladina.si/media/www/slike.old/clanki/200046/psovke_display.jpg ), 
  lol * put water in d\u017eezva * boil water * put kava in d\u017eezva * put d\u017eezva back on flame * wait for foam * remove d\u017eezva there you go . 
  superior coffee . 
  * `` even though it was not directly involved in the conflict in the territory of the former yugoslavia in the 1990s , started and stage-managed in the similar way to the conflict in syria , serbia was labeled guilty , '' he said . 
  * more than two decades have passed , and serbia is still trying to rewrite history and play stupid . 
  this is why you can expect more wars in the area . 
  we 're not done here yet . 
   this paints another picture of him : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milan_tepi%c4%87 he blew up 170 tons of explosives near a heavily populated area , and killed a 19yo innocent kid in doing so . 
  no other pictures are needed . 
   can you give a source for this part please : `` the plan was to blow up all 1500 + tons stored there and annihilate the entire area to dust , all civilians included '' . 
  i can , but what 's the point ?
