  slovenia : rising debt , things will go bad estonia : great geographical position , great trade partners , great infrastructure croatia : rising debt , things will go bad in other words , slovenia and croatia keep their average salaries high through massive loans . 
  their debt is rising , and both countries will soon be over 100 % of their gdp . 
  polandturgal stronk !, 
  i do n't think there 's a single competent politician in the entire balkan area . 
   damn , that is some harsh language right there . 
  elections are coming soon , and he 's pandering to the rights and the conservatives lately ( both of which croatia is full of ) . 
  http://www.vecernji.hr/hrvatska/azilant-pogodio-snimatelje-mreze-i-htv-a-kamenom-1025298 a migrant shouted `` i will kill you all '' in serbian ( !!!, 
  ) , threw a stone and hit a news reporter in the head . 
  i googled a bit , and it says it 's also a very pedestrian city . 
  i 'd probably love living there - i try to walk an average of 7.5 km every day , which is n't much , but it 's something , 
  boston is a rich city with lots of young people , is n't it ? 
  mines ? 
  what mines ? 
  nonsense !, 
  serbia never participated in any war !, 
  go here : https://misportal.hcr.hr/hcrweb/faces/intro/introduction.jspx accept conditions and choose public access . 
  if they enter through baranja and do n't stick to roads , there might be a lot of problems . 
  barcelona might be too hot for you during the summer , and vienna might be too cold for you during the winter ( not sure about that , look up some average temperatures ) . 
  prague would be a decent fit , but i 'm not sure if you can handle the language - it 's slavic , and all of those languages give non-native speakers real nightmares . 
  berlin and copenhagen are probably too expensive , not much of a difference compared to amsterdam , although the climate is similar . 
  portugal could be a good idea . 
  mild-to-slightly-warm summers , mild winters . 
  however , you are * not * going to be swimming in the ocean , as it 's too cold for that . 
  i have an online friend in porto , and every time i talk to him , he mentions rain , so maybe look at lisbon or south ? 
  ok , but do cars follow any of those guidelines , or is it like in europe , euro vi norms say one thing , real-world measurements say something else ? 
  i 'm not an expert in anything , i just read some articles , 
  i 'm not familiar with us laws ... what 's regulated , to which limits , and what 's done by the engines themselves as opposed to special processing of diesel fuel in refineries ? 
  i 'm sure they do something extra to the fuel - is that subsidized by the govt ? 
  i 'm thinking more like single-seater city pods . 
  not cars as such - just little pods to drive people around . 
  each one would be the quarter of the length of an average car and everything would be networked together , so when a red traffic light switches to green , even a pod 50m from the crossroads would accelerate at the same time as the first car in line . 
  those two things together would lower traffic congestion to the point of it being negligible . 
  naturally , for that to happen , there would have to be a full ban on regular passenger cars . 
  as far as pollution goes , i do n't think diesel can be fixed , by its very nature . 
  sure , you can trap co2 with carbon particulate filters ( although those pose a serious problem with city driving , as the filters need regeneration ) , but other particulates and nox , despite the newer urea solutions , ca n't be lowered substantially , and those are far worse than co2 . 
  special diesel taxes and even some full bans are going to be here soon enough , and it would n't surprise me if in 10-15 years there just wo n't be demand for new diesels . 
  electric is having more and more market share , and petrol is increasing in efficiency . 
  big trucks are still going to be diesel , but those wo n't be driving in cities . 
  what about the climate ? 
  do you like warm or mild summers ? 
  what about winters ? 
  do you like the mountains , the sea , or vast plains ? 
  i think diesel will be almost completely dead in a decade . 
  it 's just polluting too much , and there 's no fixing that . 
  maybe i 'll live to see a system of autonomous mini-pods and a complete ban on regular cars in cities . 
  romania is n't that bad , especially if you 're male , 
   i think only one nighthawk was shot down . 
  that 's just nato propaganda . 
  the total losses were over 100 aircraft . 
  lest we not forget the heroic actions of a squadron of light bombers who flew all the way to aviano and almost sank the us aircraft carrier theodore roosevelt . 
  also , a french nuclear sub was sunk , over 40 british sas troops were killed in a transport plane , two polish mig-29s were shot down , dozens of nato aircraft destroyed in b&h on the tuzla airport , etc. 
  ( translate this to your favorite language of choice : http://www.astrologyinserbia.com/s/21/nato_tajne.htm ) / s the f-117 was shot down because it always used the same route of attack , every day , same route , same time , same altitude , same everything . 
  if , hypothetically , a nato-russia war breaks out , or some other form of the downfall of western society happens ( like intra-nato wars over drinking water if global warming becomes much worse , and nato subsequently falls apart ) , there will be a war in the balkans as well , and nobody will be there to act and prevent anything , as they 'll be too busy dealing with their own and/or bigger problems . 
  there are new generations of children raised on hatred and nationalism , and their children will be the same . 
  here 's an interesting anecdote : the austrian hypo bank is/was in b&h . someone had an idea to create a hippopotamus mascot and promote children 's accounts and savings in the serbian entity in b&h . they called the mascot hypko . 
  when it got to a school in banja luka , the children started happily chanting `` nurko !, 
  '' , because they have n't been taught to learn the latin alphabet ; only and only cyrillic . 
  that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  that 's not a fair thing to say . 
  those soldiers had no combat experience and no real fighting equipment . 
  they could n't have done anything , except die themselves , all of them . 
  there are n't many people in the world prepared to die for a lost cause , only to remain casual paragraphs in history books . 
  he always had full and absolute control over everything . 
  various massacres and ethnic cleansing started all the way back in the summer of 1990 in croatia , a year and a half before the `` official '' start of the war in b&h , although large-scale operations in croatia only began in the summer of 1991 . 
  still , by the time the war in b&h truly broke out , there were already ~ 15.000 dead in croatia . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 also had full support of the western countries until things started becoming more serious after unesco-protected dubrovnik got heavily shelled and the fall of vukovar was imminent . 
  that 's when the tide turned and economic sanctions were put in effect . 
  but , for the first several months , he had his hands untied to do whatever he wanted . 
  as far as b&h goes , there has never been anything closer to a nazi regime than what happened in that country . 
  concentration camps , mass murders , genocide , people had to wear strips of cloth to denote them as non-serbian ... a war also broke out between croatia ( by proxy , just like serbia ) and b&h in 1993 , but that tends to be swept under the rug by both croatia and the west , partly because of the military alliance by the two countries formed in 1995 . 
  not a lot of talk about that ( presumingly also not much in the documentary you watched either ) , although croatia certainly had its share of committed atrocities , billions upon billions of inflicted destruction upon b&h , and thousands of casualties . 
  it has all been a huge mess . 
  the world could have prevented it before the first bullet was fired in b&h . it even failed to prevent it in 1995 , which caused 1999 to happen ... and i have an unfortunate feeling that 50 years from now , someone else on some future reddit will be writing about similar things in recent history . 
  we 're all very much into kebab removings , and we 're not done here yet . 
  just trust me on that . 
  the war in ukraine is almost an exact copy of the wars in croatia and bosnia & herzegovina - from troop logistics and command , down to the exact same propaganda . 
  where the wars differ , at least for now , is that there have been no mass slaughters and genocides in ukraine . 
  yet . 
  use the cheapest thing that works  stronghold is a bit more expensive than frontline , i think , and over here it requires a prescription from the vet . 
  stronghold here . 
  i found that 's the only thing that works for these fleas the last couple of years . 
  frontline was good before , but in the last 2-3 years or so , it does nothing : /, 
  i 'm doing laundry and thawing a ribeye for lunch . 
  need to wash the curtains , vacuum , and apply flea protection to the cat when it decides to finally come home . 
  they 're at less than 5 % and do n't have a chance at entering the parliament without being part of a coalition of some sort . 
  as far as i know , there is no `` central authority '' for facebook reports . 
  the site appoints several local users in a country to do the job , and then it all depends on them - they deal with reports and have nobody to report to and monitor them . 
  so if fb appoints a right-wing extremist , you 're never going to have a report about incitement to hatred be deleted . 
  nudity is a different thing , because they seem to have an automated image scanning system , and that one can be moderated and reviewed at a higher instance . 
  sounds like fascism and wwiii . 
  as a huge tomato lover , every year it breaks my heart when i see this :(, 
  if the shell is going to land on top of them , then no . 
  but if it 's going past them , then it 's clearly audible . 
  furthermore , if we 're talking regular artillery shells , and not mrls , there 's correction of fire , and observing where the first couple of volleys land , you can get a reasonably accurate mental observation on where the next ones are going to land after forward observers/aerial recon relay info back . 
  oh , sorry , i misinterpreted your issue . 
  it 's 6 in the morning , so no wonder ... 
  i do n't have wsj access , but i can tell you the tl ; dr anyway , from various local media . 
  * kosovo gets its international calling code * the barricades on one of the mitrovica bridges get removed by spring 2016 * an association/community of serb majority municipalities in kosovo is established as a legal entity that works fully in accordance with kosovo law ; it can co-own local services ; it can be financed by serbia , which serbia then interprets as owning said local services herself ; more [ here ] ( http://eeas.europa.eu/statements-eeas/docs/150825_02_association-community-of-serb-majority-municipalities-in-kosovo-general-principles-main-elements_en.pdf ), 
  but you hide the immigration threads , and that 's what 's bothering you . 
  there 's a `` hide '' link .
