  first if anything happens to him it may affect the decisions made by the head . 
  if the relative gets captured , there even may be blackmailing . 
  thus indirectly , sending a relative is unnecessary risk . 
  secondly , if a guy is a graduate from oxford , eton , insead , lse or even one of them , than sending him to the front is a waist of resources . 
  on the other hand , if only this thing can lift the motivation of people , maybe it is worth . 
  but again if they have no motivation maybe they should lose the war . 
  this is video is old . 
  i guess it is from the time when ato just started . 
  a pot and a kettle, 
  just interested , why the downvotes ? 
  i hardly imagine that any economy could boost with 15 % basic rate . 
  are you talking specifically about rf or overall ? 
  because your explanation does n't fit for the situation in rf and is just partly right for general situations . 
  could you please explain how volcker rule is relevant in this situation ? 
  i do not agree that cb has only one thing to do , cb has two tasks 1 ) help economy and 2 ) keep moderate inflation . 
  the two often are countering each other . 
  also , different countries may prioritize the tasks differently . 
  currently , russia faces economic decline and huge inflation and can only fix one . 
  they have chosen to stimulate economy and that is why they cut rates by 2 % . 
  how this relates to your original reply i 'm not sure . 
  correct if i 'm wrong, 
   no , they chose to stiffen inflation and that is why the rate is still 15 % ( and why it became 17 % in the first place ) . 
  well i should have put `` stimulate '' in brackets . 
  i agree though . 
  just i hardly get it why go up to 17 % and than cut it back to 15 % in a month . 
  my explanation is that they realised that it may hit economy too hard and inflation is not so high . 
  or hey got a call from kremlin , panicked and had to withdraw form their plan . 
  was positively surprised about seeing actual news report not propaganda video, 
  somehow , i think it is more because / r/russia not reddit . 
  regarding the video , i believe i have seen it . 
  also , date below is good indicator , 
  seriously , this picture again ? 
  not that i want to defend this masterpiece but i think it supposed to be transparent , thus you see what 's on the other side of the globe . 
  we are defenders against fascism they said ... 
  if you do n't get were the irony is , i 'm very sorry for you, 
  einstein , you probably do n't understand that the main problem is that zakharchenko accuses whole nation of some kind of sinful activity . 
  what 's next he will offer ukrainians to banish jews ? 
  explained that for prof.einstein above . 
  are you saying that using cheap racial steoreotypes when they are completely unnecessary are ok for the greatleader of people 's republic and defender against fascism ? 
  is it europeans who are insecure or russians who always tries to bring the topics about glorious mighty russian army , russian history , russian world , russian nuclear weapons , russian never surrender , russia stronk etc. ? 
  the thing is russian mind is a bit fucked up after they lost cold war . 
  they always look for reason to validate themselves , prove how great they are . 
  this is seen in all parts of the society . 
  rich people buys huge expensive clothes with visible brands , super rich buys yachts necessary bigger and better than elsewhere . 
  putin feels insecure among other world leaders and now tries prove himself to be relevant , thus 50bil sochi and hard play in ukraine . 
  what is left for ordinary people ? 
  they are fed with stories about greatness of being russian like wwii ( still after 70 years , facepalm ) , russian army ( what is there despite nukes ? 
  ) , sport ( you are quite good in this area and deservedly could be proud ) . 
  i 'm not talking about commemorating on the 9th of may , i 'm talking when average ivan in his ~ 20 's brings ww2 as a proof of him/russia being superior than others . 
  your grandparents could possibly bring this up but not the majority of russians . 
  are you putin ? 
  i 'll have whatever this guy is smoking, 
  does someone have to google you how russia simulates bombing of stockholm , kidnaps estonian agent in estonia , harass ships in lithuanian waters , etc. . 
  of course the estonian could have been a spy working in russia , russian bombers could have accidentally passed by , russian did n't want anything wrong when asked to make a d-tour because of military practice in kaliningrad . 
  but these kind of things happens day after day after day , they ca n't all be accidents . 
  i just have written down what came to my mind in 2 sec . 
  why they dip it in wax ? 
  did n't see russians eating their insignias yet, 
  how about angola . 
  oh wait ... wrong subreddit , going to discuss that at / r/angola maybe you should discuss that at / r/ukraine ? 
  something negative about russia comes to light , blame west because logic, 
  also , whether i think crimeans supported the annexation . 
  it depends before or after the fact . 
  it definitely increased after . 
  1 ) it asked for my opinion . 
  2 ) it is natural that certain proportion of people are for no changes all the time . 
  thus no anexation , now no going back, 
  i think he did well in reducing corruption in georgia too, 
  ok , i think i need to explain what i was looking for . 
  i looked whether the support varies depending on education . 
  for example , from all people who support eu how many are there with a high school degree , some college and etc. 
  thus you can see that among supporters of eu there are more people with high school degree compared to the group which supports us . 
  while us have a larger group ( percentage wise ) of postgrads among its supporters . 
  because you can see how many phds answered yes or no in an actual results presentation thread . 
  it would not make sense ( and it was not my objective ) to post the same graphs . 
  i do n't agree with you here . 
  you are trying to answer a question that these charts were not prepared for . 
  could you make a chart that you think would be presentable ? 
  for example , second question about russian weaponry . 
   there are more phds who answer `` no '' , which is probably totally untrue - the reason why that bar is higher is because the vast majority of the ( overall ) answers is `` yes '', 
  completely true , this is called proportions, 
  do you mean like this ? 
  fair enough . 
  while i like separate bars as you can get percentages better but i agree that this my be more intuitive . 
  ok , i thought you will give some useful comments but this is a joke . 
  seriously what could someone possibly tell from your graph ? 
  there is no difference but your graph do not show it , there is no statistical significance but your graph does not show it, 
  you use the data that you have . 
  while i agree that the tables could confusing , there were no story when i uploaded them just obscure indications . 
  you said it is terrible graph . 
  fine , i accept that i could not be skilled on graphing , show me a better one . 
  you showed me yours ( and could n't even interpret your own graph correctly ) . . ahh ... well not sure whether your opinion is of value anymore . 
  end of story . 
  it is not that he have much to do like handling economy or organizing education because these things do n't exist in donetsk anyway, 
  who said ruling is easy, 
   it 's not that easy to learn a language . 
  especially if you do n't want to . 
  ftfy, 
  maybe because it was a significantly better place to live than the south olready before ww2, 
   they remember a time when things were n't so horrific and disgusting , when human life was actually worth something .
