  countries in the ussr had moderate differences so here you have it . 
  it depends what do you mean by `` european '' . 
  is it clean , comfortable , and have modern architecture ? 
  or does its citizens think in `` european '' way ? 
  in lithuania we do strange thing and `` lithuanianize '' all names . 
  thus if the guy was vassily , his name is written as vasilijus , if his name was george -  dzordzas, 
  if the original website was lithuanian and not italian , than it was alfa.lt not alfa.it, 
   and lithuanians lithuanianize all slavic names, 
  ftfy : lithuanians lithuanianize all names, 
  you russians ca n't reply to criticism without including us in an answer , do you ? 
  do n't put \u043f @ \u0437\u0434y where it does n't belong and nobody is going to talk about it, 
  very nice history lesson i can agree with may facts but it does n't counter my statement . 
  huge parts of land by the gdl were obtained by marriages and negotiations . 
  i agree with what you are saying , also i know history quite well and i am interested in it . 
  however there are several things . 
  firstly , op somehow thought russia is a dove of peace , so i pointed the obvious . 
  secondly , according to my perception empires , vassals , conquests , expansion of land , showing of a hard power is something from other ages . 
  it is not something that a country that has modern progressive society should do . 
  if some country does that i ( and not only i ) look at it with a contempt . 
  thus , applying something like `` aggressive and warmonger '' for a modern country provides a different context . 
  brazil is going to send chicken to russia , us to brazil ( instead of russia ) , nothing is going to change except cost of transportation will be higher and russian consumers is going to pay for that . 
  but i guess it is all right as long as transport goes on russian gas ... 
  oops, 
  i was betting that you will try to diminish it somehow . 
  thou my first guess was that you are going to complain why it is not on the front page . 
  twitter is not a news source , it is a company that provides social networking services . 
  dumb question , dumb answer, 
  you are right , i never watch bbc broadcasted by virgin because it is all lies . 
  i only trust bbc if my cable is provided by sky . 
  and never never watch it on sharp , only sony, 
  oh , sorry , i also do n't trust what bbc says on radio, 
  edit : of course , i do n't need to tell what difference is between cable tv and areal . 
  completely different levels of trust, 
  neither i consider it a reliable news source , neither unreliable because it is not a news source . 
  journalists working in financial times and new york times are the sources . 
  are ft and nyt enough reliable for you ? 
  is it more/less reliable if the same info from the same journalists is provided by website/paper version/official twitter account ? 
  well there could be but then you are very sensitive . 
  my mind is going to explode . 
  what finland , baltics , poland , slovakia , hungary should be jealous about ? 
  corruption ? 
  oppression of freedom ? 
  `` leader '' ? 
  because russia is certainly leading in these areas . 
  `` higher standards of living in comparable areas . '', 
  gdp per capita at purchasing power parity imf 2013 :, 
  29 ) poland, 
  44 ) estonia, 
  47 ) lithuania, 
  why ? 
  are other regions not russia ? 
  i ca n't see how it would be a better comparison, 
  i 'm sure i would be jealous if i had a 19 century mindset, 
  i said mindset . 
  that is modern people think in other terms than imperialism . 
  i fail to see what average russian gains from your `` empire '' , except stupid mindset . 
  prove me wrong and show that luxembourgian in some way lives worse than russian . 
  in what way they are comparable ? 
  also , russia is much more urbanized compared to any of the other mentioned countries except finland . 
  then you still do n't get it, 
  can you get away in greece with only speaking russian ? 
  i guess no, 
  i highly condemn racism and i usually am tolerant to many things . 
  however , i want to present you , what i guess is opinion from the other side . 
  thou , i am from lithuania but i guess some of experiences could be transferred to the other post soviet countries . 
  if someone lives in a country all his life or 30-40 years and never learns the language of that particular country . 
  it could be two reasons : no respect for the country or his is retarded . 
  i refuse to believe that there is such a huge percentage of retards among russians living in lithuania . 
  thus , i assume they do not respect me , my culture and my country . 
  people make these assumptions and , as a response , disrespects russians who live in lithuania and do n't speak lithuanian in public . 
  as a partial confirmation of this could be that lithuanian polish get the same treatment , however , there are no problems with russians from russia , or polish from poland . 
   i do n't get it why someone according to you shall be either a retard or not respect you by living in your country and not learning your language why would you force anyone to speak/learn whatever you want, 
  well a retard because to learn a language if you live in an environment where you have to do minimum efforts to learn it ( where you can hear it in the street , media , etc. ), 
  is supper easy especially if you live all your life or decades . 
  additionally , if it is official or one of official languages , someone must be a bit stupid not to get that it may improve his/her life . 
  disrespectful , because it shows an arrogance and that a person does not want to put any effort to communicate with other citizens of the country and sends a message that they should put an effort to communicate with him . 
  i do not force , if someone does not want , fine . 
  but everyone is judged by their actions and sometimes speaking/not speaking sends interesting signals, 
  i believe more comparable situation between greece , moldova and canada would be if you 've asked `` can you get away in quebec with only speaking english ? 
  interesting , i did n't know that . 
  the thing is that you can not trust russian media . 
  they may look like they are just spinning news to their side and then do a single complete lie but you wo n't know that it is a lie for a while . 
  maybe it is not directly applicable but eu citizens ( especially northern/western europeans ) are very much in favour for aiding developing countries . 
  europe will help ukraine for sure . 
  it is already helping a little bit . 
  however , europeans are not going pour buckets of cash on every ukrainian and fix all their problems . 
  i believe what stops europeans mostly is that they are afraid things is not going to change despite help . 
  so just show effort and some results , show that help is working , gain trust and europe will invest in you . 
  what would be sufficient evidence for you that would prove they are russian soldiers ? 
   i do n't see beauty in diverting a discussion with unrelated facts, 
  oh but rt does and a lot, 
   i feel for the people of mariupol , the madness of these men is putting thousands of lives and a city at risk . 
  and why not russian soldiers/rebels are putting people at risk . 
  after all , they are going to attack not otherwise, 
  what do you think about this :, 
  however , rebels were kicked out of mariupol before by citizens, 
  someone still believes that there are no russian armour in the conflict ? 
  oh , c'mon mr.downvote, 
  wot ? 
  response,
