  moreover , lukashenka does n't look like a guy who strengthens it . 
  well , stalin & hitler made it to the history books too and they were doing it not for money ... 
  the guy with a hunting riffle looks hilarious, 
  even russia 's best friend belarus does n't support it, 
  well , the state run media has a relevant track record, 
  lard is nice but with mayonnaise ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  bread , lard , onion and some peppers mmm ... 
  i do n't think ukrainians may easily forget what russia did to them, 
  please do n't change names of videos . 
  the series has a `` brand name '' but from edited name it looks like unrelated video, 
  idiot, 
  50 thousand in terms of russian population is nothing . 
  however , interesting what these people would say if us and eu would actually include them in the black list, 
  sure russia has nothing to do with the current situation in ukraine as it did n't in crimea ... 
  how it is related with what i said ? 
  with all the respect for thus who passed , i can imagine propaganda machine to inflate the number of deaths to thousand in couple weeks . 
  was n't there only ~ 300 pro-russians originally in the protest ? 
  it would mean that every second of them died . 
   baltic states/poland/finland, 
  yeah , just neighbors , the ones that knows you best, 
  joke is on you as russians obviously care about it, 
  pity that this proud nation always had huge resources , yet never managed to achieve normal living conditions for their people ... `` jealousy '' lol, 
  sure , i see how reddit 's russians do n't care . 
  that is way they are commenting x10 more than normal topic ... because you always express your opinion about the topics that you do n't care, 
  of course , these awesome living conditions when you ca n't have a pair of jeans because it costs your monthly salary and must be bought from a smuggler or when to buy a kilo of meat you have to wait in a line for half an hour and still may not get it . 
  edit : grammar, 
  they do n't know you well but they do better than average french or german . 
  after all , we lived with you in the same country for 50 years and you are our neighbors . 
  also , baltics dislike for russians comes up only when sensitive subjects are being touched , etc. 
  politics and history . 
  sadly , politics on both sides like to escalate the topic . 
  oh only a few kamaz full of guys equipped with military stuff , feel free to go . 
   so what 's your point again ? 
  a : statement, 
  me : statement does n't work because of x, 
  b : x is not true, 
  me : statement why x is true, 
  the rest of your stuff should be included in some comedy club as an example of over-thinking the situation, 
  just a quote from this thread . 
  i 've heard many similar ones, 
   entire subreddits with the same people constantly circlejerking about baltic states ? 
  wow , where is that ? 
  neither seen this in r/europe . 
  sometimes yes , but at no more than r/russia circlejerk about europe, 
   `` care '' about what others are saying about them, 
  and, 
   concern himself with the opinions, 
  looks very similar to me, 
  i see . 
  i was thinking about russians when making that argument , as it would make more sense to compare things at the same level . 
  yet , i also think governments care a lot what people think . 
  it was highly dependent on the mood of cashiers who often felt very important, 
  well , sometimes unreal things happen http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_hod%c3%b3w, 
  do n't worry , we are not going to beat you aaaaand goes physical in seconds, 
  could be fake , but it is well done, 
  ftfy protesters, 
  one of the guys in the video posts how he had a conversation with prorussians in ukraine . 
  he mentions details , e.g. 
  300 armored vehicles . 
  basically , it gives a bit more trust that the audio may be not fake . 
   together the two moved from nairobi to somalia , and with hopes of starting a family , their future could n't have been brighter, 
  something is wrong with the books reviewer logic . 
  moverd to somalia and bright future . . ahh ? 
  ok , so they stopped the guys , found guns , phones , etc. 
  and was able to read and investigate all text messages while the guys still holds their hands on a car ? 
  either they knew what they were looking for or it is staged . 
  also , i smiled a bit when they showed a business card in ukrainian colors, 
  next time some when some russians is going to whine how disliked they are , i 'll direct them to this thread to find out why, 
  i 'm not sure it 's possible to reach your level of ecstasy, 
  i disagree with both of you . 
  fleeing investors means not only selling stocks but also less financing ( or in other words more expensive ) for companies , which is the real trouble . 
  institutional investors are fleeing because of sanctions or because their fear new sanctions or limits to invest in russia in the future or because they think that other would flee because of sanction , etc. 
  on the other hand , both of you are partly right . 
  yep, 
   the funny thing is that on liveleak there are a lot of real hangings to compare with . 
  well , it is not very funny, 
  imf loans work perfectly in ireland , eventually they will work in spain and greece too, 
  one man who happened to live in imperial russia , than in independent lithuania and after that in ussr once said when asked the question , which country was the the best to live in : - imperial russia . 
  why ? 
  because i was young . 
  [ x ] firefighters, 
  they really are not smart people . 
  it is not very relevant and still very bad but according to russia there were 162 civilian casualties on ossetian side during 2008 conflict . 
  also , i remember during the beginning of conflict russian media were widely announcing about 2000 civilian deaths, 
  i think you misread my post . 
  i said that coinciding details gives it more credibility . 
  something stupid is to name ukrainian forces pro obama . 
  gives much more credibility for the rest of the information provided, 
  you are mixing so many things that i do n't even want to start unfolding them . 
  actually , he looks quite relaxed for a guy in his situation . 
  well , you are going to see more and more ties with us and other western countries because now russia is your enemy and you will be looking to the west to counterbalance the situation . 
  even if it must be an indirect bribe or attempt to reach vp of us . 
  while , russia is going to whine more and more what a whore ukraine is , like a drunk abusive ex ... 
  got a job where i had to read a lot of news usually english , which became a habbit, 
  i thought about it before pressing enter but i thought it would be kind of self-censorship to rewrite things in a polite way, 
  well said but maybe it also would work when you want people to react to something and make them think about the situation . 
  after all , shady lobbying in us , eastern european country looking for alternative to russia and russians talking about good old times is not something unheard of . 
  i even think that hiring bidden if the incentive is on ukraine 's side is a very smart move at these circumstances . 
  btw , this kind of russians ' opinion about ukraine i 've seen at least couple times in reports interviewing people , that is why it popped up in my mind,
