  yes , finland should have went to psychiatrist dr. austria than surgeon dr. switzerland, 
  woah , that was unexpected !, 
  edit : people that ca n't get sarcasm, 
  someone has a napoleon syndrome, 
  well , it is high because both questions basically asked the same : join russia or join russia later . 
  so what would you do in referendum if you do n't want to join russia ? 
  look up for a ballot paper . 
  you ca n't vote no, 
  ... and ca n't take a joke, 
  polls showing 80 % already sounds like bs, 
  simply , we get more rights , e.g. 
  right to withdraw from ukraine aaaand join russia, 
  because sarcasm, 
  in the medium to long term crimea 's companies related to infrastructure construction could go up . 
  russia is probably going to invest in disconnecting crimea from ukraine . 
  also , consumer staples should go up if salaries and pensions are going to be raised to russia 's level . 
  however , not sure though how many of them there are publicly listed if there are at all . 
  if they wanted to achieve something , they had to fight immediately . 
  despite that they would have been defeated severely , they could have played russia as aggressor card , also among locals . 
  now it would be vice-versus . 
  russia would scream that ukraine brings destruction and is aggressive . 
  conclusion : ukraine lost crimea and should move on . 
  zhirinovsky from his rhetoric can easily be called far right politician and he duma 's vice chair, 
  a comedian who is very handy for putin . 
  his words always may be declined by his persona but still activates certain population . 
  i knew a libyan guy . 
  we talked about the future of libya when all this mess just began . 
  i asked him whether he understand that things is going to be messed up for a long time before getting better after everything ends , that it is not so easy to become a normal functioning democratic state . 
  he said he completely gets it and still wants change . 
  i mean ukrainian government, 
  the referendum was based on feelings , that is why they had to do it so fast . 
  otherwise , things could have calmed down . 
  crimeans would have realized that maybe the government is not so nazi and would have voted to stay in ukraine, 
  in the first part you blabla about economics . 
  so take it this way , baltics , especially latvia had a higher living standard than finland before soviet occupation . 
  50 years of wonderful soviet rule and we have to build almost everything from the beginning . 
   there was nothing that happened in the baltics that would warrant joining the nazis, 
  oh really , how about massive deportations that happened 1940-1941 , how about things like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rainiai_massacre ), 
   even ukrainian regions that suffered hunger in the 30s had massive partisan movement, 
  oh we had partisan movements , against soviets , because soviets in baltics were worse than nazis, 
   the baltic states were notorious nazi collaborators, 
  could you prove that for example lithuanians were bigger nazi collaborators than other countries under german rule ? 
  russian sites does n't count . 
   not all citizens of baltic states are responsible for nazi collaboration . 
  but the ones that are - should not be applauded , or put on the pedestal . 
  people that do that - are total scum . 
  unfortunately that includes their current political leadership . 
  totally agree . 
  also scum are these people who praise lenin , stalin and soviet union . 
  i hope you say the same for them ? 
  living all life in a country , not learning the language and demanding respect ? 
  neo-nazis on bicycles that is something unheard of, 
  am i seeing what i 'm seeing , the famous lady , mother of a soldier 3:31 ? 
  klitschko will be balls and he will be brains . 
  sounds like okeyish match, 
   the damage is done to the russian reputation, 
  do n't worry it is not , the reputation was ruined already, 
   humanitarian crisis in crimea, 
  if they cut water there would be hc . 
  if they cut gas , electricity and entrance to crimea than it would be russia 's problems . 
  ok ok , you can downvote me but just tell me what do you think russia 's reputation among bbc audience is ? 
  i think generally public accepted it very good . 
  in the beginning there were a lot of shit ( not always undeserved ) but after that everybody loved it . 
  joke at the closing ceremony about fifth circle was nice . 
  adding to this , many russians did not move back to russia but moved to western countries . 
  i wonder why ? 
  say what you want but he was following russian [ fashion ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yxcoouz.jpg?1 ) trends of the time, 
  actually the only difference between russia and ukraine couple months ago was that russia has a lot of gas and oil to support kleptocracy . 
   with oligarch-free controlled government, 
  dream on, 
  you did n't ? 
  why do you think it ended ? 
  because of good will of the communist party 's heads ? 
  how do you explain the collapse of communism , ussr and all the economics of the eastern block ? 
  why america has been considered sole superpower in the world for the last 20 years ? 
  suddenly , i have a lot of questions for r/russia, 
  it was not but let 's consider how theoretically it could have ended . 
  cold war basically showing off , a race of who is more advanced , economically better , has better ideology etc. 
  both states build up muscles until :, 
  1 ) war breaks - did n't happen , thanks god ;, 
  2 ) both or one party agrees that it is stupid and continues to live normal life - too much ego on both sides ;, 
  3 ) both or one party can not `` physically '' continue the race - this happened and it happened to one side ussr . 
  it was crippled in all ways after `` the race '' because of `` the race '' . 
  what happened to us ? 
  nothing . 
  if they fight in cities , air force does n't matter so much . 
  russians are not going to bomb the cities ... i hope so, 
  be fair , the photo tells a lot . 
  it 's not some stupid teenagers showing hitler salutes . 
  but matured guys with uniforms with swastikas . 
  even if it was a single event , it shows a lot . 
  and what document do you expect ? 
  especially after +15 years . 
  so the photo was done later , not in mid 90 's, 
  it is not that there are no objective reasons to change the outlook, 
  a rag of the bottle that first policeman holds is new . 
  7:57 this is sad and stunning, 
  thanks for your answer . 
  i arrived to the question because i 'm not sure how strong is the national identity of belarusians . 
  after all , you are independent country for only 20 + years .
