  also , it is probable that people still are going to buy american/chineese smartphones and german cars , they are just going to spend less on some local goods to buy foreign , e.g. 
  houses or taxes, 
  interesting point of view, 
  do n't flatter your self . 
  they are both in the same bucket labelled `` bullshit '', 
  no , not everyone . 
  there is a difference between being biased and creating lies by purpose . 
  russian media does the latter . 
  ok , let 's agree to disagree on this one, 
  so what you 're saying is that the situation can change 180 degrees in a few months ? 
  why then kazakhstan should not worry ? 
  you have an opinion of a horse with blinkers . 
  how a sane , at least half educated man can say that one of the biggest economies in the world , country that just barely has power smaller compared to the us is a proxy that does n't have its own opinion ? 
  it is a serious question !, 
  american do have 50k troops in japan , how big do you think their influence can be on a +125 mil population ? 
   it 's not about physically enforcing american views . 
  tis about control of economy, 
  for your information , us does n't control japan 's economy . 
  yes , both economies are highly interdependent but this is does not support your statement . 
  actually , japan 's economy one of most , in terms how many foreigners there work/act , is probably most closed from big world 's economies . 
  read bellow . 
  you do n't realize that it is not occupying , do you ? 
  yes , i have totally forgotten that japan uses us dollar, 
  wot ? 
  no one believes that ukrainians are faschists anymore thus ukrainians now are new islamists ? 
  you just ca n't read or do n't know geography ? 
  ... and russians were know as smart in the past, 
  i exaggerated to tease russians but it is not far from truth . 
  how did i came up to it ? 
  i counted . 
  count countries that are truly friendly , not just friendly because it is convenient now . 
  belarussians , partly serbs , cubans , syrians , maybe a few more . 
  the rest are more `` what else we can do '' friends . 
  among others , very interesting part where cossack confirms that sbu recordings are real, 
  every new member must be approved by all the existing members . 
  if serbia shows that is leaning towards russia , i ca n't see how the eastern/central european countries would approve its membership when the time comes, 
  go to ireland/scotland/us / southafrica etc and start shouting this is england because you speak english, 
  sbu recordings are increasingly confirmed not being fakes . 
  the cossack leader indirectly confirmed it in the vice news . 
  you could check your facts before judging my logic . 
  english or british have huge populations or are descendants in many of their ex colonies . 
  of course not majority , which russians are neither in easter ukraine, 
  also , thanks for downvote mr.logic, 
  sorry , i did n't you ca n't read . 
  who else can downvote in secs after reply at least twice in a discussion that is not even visible, 
  `` she went as far as to label russia as a terrorist state in the context of ukrainian events '', 
  i would say this was a bit blunt but nothing new and some people do not understand when things are said otherwise . 
  it is widely believed outside of russia that russia organizes actions in ukraine , which could be called terrorism . 
  nothing new here just a few russians reacting in a way that was expected by the creator of the article . 
  it could be because what our president have said , it could be because of a moon phase , as this shit happens frequently . 
  nothing new here . 
  it is annoying , yet i think we are already used to it . 
  because it is rt. 
  it nice of them not writing that lithuania is going to supply enriched uranium . 
  this is a tractor sent to ukraine by a private person from lithuania . 
  this happened months ago . 
   lending money , like any normal bank does = / = `` funding '', 
  actually in this case `` lending money = funding '' . 
  lending is not free . 
  if nf were not able to find funding in france , this means they were expecting too low interest to pay for their risk profile ( assuming that they are applicable to get a loan at all ) . 
  the difference between what they should pay and what they are paying is `` funding '' . 
  additionally , i would make an educated guess that there are more french banks that has lower margin for euro loans than there are banks in czech republic . 
  just my 5ct . 
  sure , good that you do n't need to worry , as you do n't live in russia, 
  what bullshit is this ? 
  and it even has up votes . 
  russian `` media '' was spreading the news about polish and baltic gaynazijew killers fighting in donbas al most from beginning . 
  yet there is not a single body or captured . 
  are they immortal or have some super powers ? 
  i expect at least minimum logical thinking . 
   / r/russia [ 1 ] is trolled by russophobic users from / r/europe [ 2 ] , / r/ukrainianconflict [ 3 ] and / r/murica [ 4 ] , who downvote everything that doesnt fit their russophobic agenda ? 
  would n't this have been downvoted to the bottom in this case ? 
  do n't bother to answer, 
  i totally believe that there are some poles in the ua voluntier batalions , maybe a few balts . 
  yet , it is relatively uncomfortable to send them to the fields because they do n't know the language . 
  also , as i understand there are enough ukrainian volunteers . 
  while if poles know how to fight they could stick to trainings others . 
  if there were hoards of polish mercenaries there would certainly be casualties and russian media would make a big issue about it ( it is strange that they have not faked something yet ) . 
  regarding motorola , they talk a lot , they have taken airport probably ten times already . 
  motorola himself does n't look like a very smart person who probably was at a right place at a right time and now plays a role of showing off . 
  it is , always was ~ 50 % higher . 
  now , do you want to guess were is belarus economy relatively to combined baltics ? 
  if not adjusting it is ~ 30-40 % lower . 
  i guess baltics easily could be considered a better trading partner . 
   crimea river, 
  yes , this is what serbs will hear , when they will ask why serbia was declined to enter eu, 
  no serbia no , please do n't do it . 
  oh god ... how are the rest of europe is going to live without serbia ? 
  life is going to be miserable . 
  while serbia will be rich and stronk with mighty superduperpowermostadvancedcountryintheworld russia . 
  i do n't hate hate serbs or russians but ` stick it to the eu ' sounded rather delusional and worth sarcastic comment . 
  original-deleted comment was not mine . 
  wrong . 
  lithuanianjewgayropeanazibandera, 
  your lack of creativity amuses me much more . 
  btw , could it be that stronk-russians so often mention butthurt because they secretly fantasize about forbiden homoseks ? 
  ahh ... after all this you disappoint me with your reading comprehension ? 
  well , bbc is western media . 
  where is the twist ? 
  what about you go and complain about it in / r/usa ?
