  not according wikipedia, 
   ... homosexuality remained a serious criminal offense until it was repealed in 1993 . 
  what are they smoking ? 
  a `` philosophy '' good enough after some drinks behind a table . 
  but at the national tv for a president ... it was rather weird, 
  they have to give at least some excuse because otherwise it looks bad on russian news, 
  i would say this is very russian :d, 
  russia invaded ukraine . 
  it 's a fact, 
  i knoooow , i crimea totally was annexed by martians, 
  ca n't see how it changes the fact that russia invaded ukraine . 
  the other was propagandised inside one country to grow a fear and hate among people towards other countries, 
  well , than putin ( together with fuckload of journalist , politicians , etc. ), 
  smokes a lot of weed because he imagined russian troops in crimea . 
  did it had a right to surround ukrainian military bases , prevent ukrainian soldiers from leaving and resupplying , than storm the bases , occupy government buildings , etc. 
   so you are wrong again . 
  lol, 
  yes , but it is not what we are talking about . 
  they could have done so many things with russiaball but made ... angry eyes ? 
  otherwise , it is awesome !, 
   also , russia and finland have been at peace longer than us and germany . 
  not that above sentence adds anything relevant for the discussion but the difference is negligible, 
  well i can understand finish being afraid of unpredictable aggressive 30 times bigger neighbour that occasionally sends bombers near their borders and has history of having military conflicts with its neighbours . 
  what makes much more lulz that russians see such countries as georgia and baltics as their biggest enemies ( google it , actual poll results ) . 
  raises questions about basic knowledge , rational thinking of average russian . 
  i am even kind of proud that we are so relevant for you, 
  maybe because of this type of behaviour ? 
  do you have to say anything reasoned and significant or just `` first grader '' type of excuses ? 
  `` b-b-but heee allllssoo did thaaat '', 
   got anything * serious or related * to discussion, 
  well if you do n't have , i 'm not going to argue with myself, 
  it probably depends how swedish feel about violation from us , and russia . 
  also how us or russia acts after that . 
  if american ambassador in stockholm next days goes to the swedish defence minister and gives an excuse it looks better than russia 's `` what planes ? 
  there where no our planes there '' . 
  also , if american start doing that constantly , i 'm pretty sure it would not be appreciated . 
  russia can do what it wants . 
  finland also can do what it wants . 
  both countries also acts according to what other country is doing . 
  russia thinks it is important to act aggressively , because us does it , ignoring that finland may not like it . 
  to answer to your question why finland and russia ca n't be friends ? 
  they can but when finland weights the value that brings friendship with russia vs friendship with nato , i 'm sure russia gets minuses for its attitude, 
   let me guess , a plane flew over some finnish island that is barely big enough for one person to stand on , and does n't show up on some maps ? 
  no idea but if that is the case russians tend to miss a lot of these island and quite often around the world, 
  ca n't really say what finns are more comfortable doing . 
  thou without looking into data i would say that finish-nato countries ties are stronger compared to finish-russian , especially because many of them are also eu members . 
  so not ex-wife but just a crush living next door, 
   lmao baltics as our biggest enemies ? 
  enough with the propaganda and lies . 
  first link , georgia , latvia , lithuania , and estonia comes as 2,3,4 , and 5, 
   i personally love my slavic brothers , yes you, 
  i have nothing against slavs but we are not slavs , and non of the above countries are . 
   how many countries have we bombed , now compare that big fat 0, 
  while i agree in total there would be less than us but modern russia is only 24 years old and half of that time it was semi-bankrupted . 
  also , there are other things that were done without bombings, 
   are you forgetting how the us bombed your own brothers in yugoslavia, 
  well , all people are brothers if that is what you mean . 
  also , serbs were doing a lot of troubles , including not really nice ones , the last decade of previous century , so they kind of brought it on themselves . 
   killing thousands, 
  numbers are important : human rights watch `` concludes that as few as 489 and as many as 528 yugoslav civilians were killed in the ninety separate incidents in operation allied force '' . 
  i guess there is a lot of information for you to process for now, 
  i know but it was several generations ago so i was not counting that anymore . 
  sounds like very annoying woman . 
  policemen have n't refused to shout , they just ignored her . 
  i think , ignore = / = refuse but the video is just too irrelevant, 
  maybe yes , maybe no , maybe their reaction would be the same if she asked to shout anything else . 
  my personal reaction to anything like this would be the same . 
  does n't matter whether i support it or not , do n't tell me what to do, 
  whose fault is going to be when a return fire will kill the old lady ? 
   he kills his fellow countrymen, 
  he is not ukrainian , he is a citizen of rf, 
  5:47 is he stupid ? 
  ftfy dialect, 
  now as they have ` aviation ' , ` rebels ' legitimately can start bombarding ukrainian positions, 
  * belong, 
  the video is without voice over, 
  how someone would be able to hide a town these days ? 
  would n't it be an internet celebrity in days after someone finds it on google maps ? 
  sigh, 
  source ? 
  are you two seriously are discussing who would win ? 
  on the other topic , size matters a lot in combat sports . 
  and your statement `` high level technique almost always trumps size '' would be true only if one of the fighters is totally inexperienced . 
  i agree with everything what you say except weight ( note i argue only about this point ) . 
  i have seen a lot of fights and weight matters , especially when things goes on the ground . 
  fights when smaller guys win are more exiting , the videos spread faster and people like them more , so maybe it can create a wrong impression . 
  in reality , these kind of fights are exceptions of the rule . 
  yet , i do n't claim that big guys always win . 
  the video was removed from tv website 's archive, 
  ok , i take my words back . 
  i have found it . 
  thousands of people . 
  lol, 
  ussr enabled your family to become businessmen ? 
  very interesting ... 
   2 houses and a dacha, 
  for average citizen to have 2 houses and a dacha was very hard . 
  one house and dacha was already something that you had to work for all your life and probably be in the party . 
  in the ussr doing business was a crime for which people served time in prison . 
  so most likely what let op 's family to become businessmen was a collapse of the ussr .
