   nato should limit itself to us and west european countries thus getting rid of ex warsaw pact countries , instead baltic states and poland should form their own alliance for mutual assurance, 
  putin 's wet dream, 
   stop replacing cause and effect, 
  well the cause is blunt russia 's imperialism, 
  i see the armed conflict is not the worst thing in ukraine, 
  i start to admire the imagination of russian propagandists . 
  they never cease to surprise me, 
  edit : while my statement is still valid , i 'm not sure if the site says the truth . 
  there is no proof for their claim . 
  while russia does not fit a complete definition of fascism , there are some similarities . 
  however , what is more important that you are more fascists on fascism scale compared to western nations , that is why they allow themselves to call you that . 
  could someone who knows russian well could tell me if the guy has a speech disorder ( not sure if i use right words ) and can not pronounce `` r '' well or is it some kind of dialect because i hear it very often among russian speakers, 
  are there any stereotypes related to these accents ? 
  i do n't think it means what you think it means, 
  watched twice and all the time was thinking what is he talking about . 
  i ca n't find sense in this video, 
  spb ? 
  lithuanian . 
  i care because i ( and many others ) think that if ukraine falls than baltics will be next . 
  also i feel for ukrainians as i see a lot of similarities between them and us . 
  i do not trust russian sources at all , though sometimes i still watch/read them . 
  i think eventually separatist will gas out and ukrainians will take back eastern cities , yet tension and small `` stuff '' at a smaller case will continue for a long time . 
  the events slightly changed my viewpoint on russia . 
  i see no hope for russia anymore in the near future and i care no more about them . 
  i remember i used to wish them prosperity because it brings education , encourage progressive thinking and etc , which could make them a nice neighbor . 
  but it looks like they are just getting worse . 
  it would be funny , if he was not admired by some russians and had no weapons to kill someone, 
  sounds like you have n't listened the video, 
  he should stop trying speaking in russian, 
  this is rather stupid , it says absolutely nothing . 
  someone could go in a tatar district and ask `` randomly '' whether they voted . 
  what i think journalist should do is present general opinions based on polls , atmosphere , etc. 
  and interview each side . 
  do you think it is a proof that 90 % of people voted ? 
  this guy used to play with a friendly fire [ unticked ] ( http://i.imgur.com/omxci4g.jpg ), 
  or alternatively , it can be said that maidan was against oligarchs and their influence on government . 
  i was saying that only to show that there were no right-left stuff in the conflict or at least it was not the main thing . 
  yet , it looks like `` these '' places were missing oligarchs just too much , e.g. 
  if lenin statues express any meaning today , it certainly has nothing to do with utopic marxist ideas, 
  badluck for him , today for majority of eastern europeans lenin associates with a shitty life under ussr oppression, 
  as well as you ca n't say that in western ukraine live only bourgeoisie . 
  also , nobody is exactly like the president of uruguay, 
  it does not matter what he did or did n't , it matters what the statues represents . 
  it is like swastika , some may argue that it is a simbol of sun or fire , or that it was used by hindus or celts but everyone knows what it symbolises at first, 
  for some maybe , for others empty shelves , long queues , corruption and general mess, 
  look two answers before, 
  maybe , i do not know what are we arguing for anymore , 
   you 're talking about turnout or about who voted for russia ? 
  does it really matter ? 
   2/3 of the population wants to join crimea and he finds only one person who agrees with that ? 
   out of 20 people , 19 says they voted for russia then i can be sure that the 30 % value from a previous survey is far from reality . 
  and i would say could be far and could be not . 
  could be that people do n't want to express their real opinion on camera , could be that that particular city is pro russian , could be that pro ukrainians left the area or d not feel safe in a busy city center , could be that graham made 10 videos and chose the one with most pro russian opinions , etc. 
  maybe the attackers did not like lenin because he created ussr and not because of leninism ? 
  do you want your neighbors to join nato ? 
  because that is how you make neighbors join nato, 
  maybe in ukraine . 
  also , the current mess could still be tracked as a consequence of ussr . 
  all these years of stupid ruling led to ukraine having no competitive industry , which led to multiple other problems . 
  moreover , mentality of people is so fucked up during all these years when individual incentive were suppressed , and collective blaming and stealing encouraged that it will take much more than 23 years to fix it . 
  this argument is funny . 
  could you name countries that in beginning of 20 century had developed agriculture industry and widely used tractors ? 
  could you name the ones that had electricity networks ? 
  aaaand why should ukrainians thank for ussr for these things ? 
  were communist the ~ ~ only ~ ~ ones that could built tractors or electricity networks ? 
  just theoretically , if there were no ussr according to you ukraine would live without electricity ? 
  some nations are able to do it themselves . 
  in europe it was relatively easier , e.g. 
  finland , which was shitier place than latvia . 
  also , do you thank a shop if you buy something from it ? 
  because , i see a lot of parallels here . 
  are you comparing 19-20 century to nowadays ? 
  about modernization . 
  i think there are a lot similarities between electricity and internet . 
  ukraine does n't have internet now ? 
  just mention a few points :, 
  1 ) it does modernize bit by bit just the lag is very big, 
  2 ) mentality and education of people, 
  3 ) lack of developed financial industry ( non existent at all in before 23 years ) which could fund development, 
  depends what you want to achieve . 
  ussr had very qualified engineers that even went out to space and at the same time failed in trivial stuff like providing food and clothes for its citizens . 
   the ussr did n't have any developed financing , on the contrary the major powers tried to isolate the ussr for most of its existence . 
  you asked why ukraine is not modernizing now , not why ussr could modernize itself 60 years ago . 
  two very different things and different circumstances . 
  i think the talk kind of dried out . 
  see you around . 
  tagged you as communist but a nice guy , 
  i 'm not an expert and neither want it to sound like some kind of conspiracy but the guy on 0:20 sounds like from caucasus . 
  could someone other confirm this ? 
  if you post how you calculated it , we could discuss and decide how accurate is the estimate, 
  for germany it ended up quite good, 
  what are you even thinking ? 
  you stupid rusky do n't use perfect circles for countryballs, 
  it helps if you do n't built thousands of exactly the same looking buildings, 
   poland and the other eastern european countries growth rates are dropping or negative ( especially in the case of the baltic states ) . 
  edit : http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2014/05/daily-chart, 
  why ? 
  whoever wrote it purposefully tried to mislead because it is not true and conclusion is stupid even if theoretically it was true, 
  i 'm not sure i follow you . 
  how does it downplays russian deaths and what does baltics have to do with this ?
