  i believe the chart wanted to emphasize the hit that belarus and ukraine took during ww2 . 
  it makes sense as these two countries were caught in the middle of fightings, 
  does it change the fact ? 
  i agree that russia could be excluded separately , yet percentages totally make sense . 
  it only depending on what are you analyzing . 
  no , you are wrong . 
  [ check your facts before stating ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties#jewish_deaths ), 
  if you have played football all your life and suddenly you have to play basketball , you are not going to be lebron immediately . 
  probably you are going to suck in the game a lot in the beginning . 
  even worse when half of you still wants to play football, 
  putin or rising oil and gas prices ? 
   they do n't believe in ukrainian historical myth, 
  could you elaborate what is this ? 
  propaganda , yet also, 
  what 's the point of using the word `` fascists '' over and over again , when it 's clear they are n't ? 
   democratic process, 
  oh the irony, 
   i really hope serbia never joins the eu , let alone nato . 
  as someone from eu and nato country , i hope you do n't if many serbians maintain pro-russian stance . 
  unless of course russians will become progressive in a `` western '' way . 
  damn cultural stereotypes , cultural stereotypes everywhere . 
  ahhh ... and where is this self proclaimed sarcastic humor of r/russia, 
  it is moving now ? 
  what were they doing until the moment ? 
  guarding against possible polish invasion ? 
  i hope you 'll have no problem in giving the siberia away to china, 
  do n't forget personal relationships . 
  these guys probably were serving next to each other for many years . 
  what would you suggest ? 
  pull the troops back in exchange for what ? 
  o : vlad , what a fucking mess you 've made in ukraine ? 
  p : listen carefully ... poshol nahui, 
  o : we 've tracked your accounts in cyprus, 
  maybe yes , maybe no , but this is not an answer to the question, 
  taking in to account all the circumstances ~ ~ very normal ~ ~ expected reaction, 
  libya ? 
  where you got that one ? 
  i expect rt to interview golden dawn next . 
  i would really not be surprised if someone would prove that russia is actually funding eurosceptics . 
  these things were and are done by many big countries . 
  ussr pumped money to communist parties arround the world , so russian have practice , they just changed political views . 
  but it is ex soviet block country . 
  i think people in cee are more aware/afraid of these things . 
  while westerners do not even think about it . 
  also , there are parties that russia sponsors , that i call parties of idiots , that are very obvious . 
  so as investment in politics , these parties would be a waist of time . 
  my theory for these parties is that they work as smokescreen for other politicians/parties . 
  was n't she criticizing chechens ? 
  that would change things a bit, 
  it is so ugly , that it is even charming in a weird way, 
   well , i suppose it 's a matter of percentages . 
  i think matter not percentages but absolute numbers, 
  you are right , yet there are more variables . 
  percentage wise more russian speaking internet is interested in the topic compared to english speaking internet . 
  you ca n't really know to whom are they shooting at from the video . 
  also , you ca n't know when it happened . 
  the video could be 3 years old . 
  not that i care too much but unrelated videos and photos with sensational titles were publicized multiple times in the past . 
  i would even say it become a mainstream . 
  why it is not the case here ? 
  you know nothing manturnsintoscotsman . 
  more serious , if they given up , why their activity in baltic states is very high ? 
  starting with espionage , spreading media , looking for influence among politicians and businessmen , trying to influence opinions and etc ? 
  i do n't think that flooding lithuanian websites with pro russian comments has a good return on investment in corporate terms . 
  do you mean imaginary lithuanian ss divisions ? 
  because lithuanian ss divisions never existed . 
  lithuania or some lithuanians ? 
  i believe you are not going to provide a state level collaboration between lithuania and nazi germany , at least not at ussr-nazi germany level . 
  this means shows `` stalin realised he was n't ready for a war with germany in 39 '' in different colors . 
  game changing ? 
  seriously ? 
  multiple times russia brutally lied during this conflict and before , no way i am believing a word , unless a third party is going to confirm this, 
  whatabouters are suckers, 
  what fucking hypocrisy ? 
  have i mentioned anything about us being right ? 
  people need learn to read, 
  it is banned in several countries already , e.g. 
  what / r/russia have to say about `` we are openly shelled from russian territory '' ? 
  / r/russia complained a lot, 
  link ? 
  just go back to any link in / r/russia about western view on putin and read comments . 
  there is no thing as 100 % reliable and unbiased source . 
  read something and take into account their bias . 
  do n't read sources that were caught openly lying multiple times . 
  stop this propaganda bullshit you american lapdog . 
  you just say what americans let you to say . 
  russians built factories , roads , schools , universities in latvia . 
  who would you be without soviet union ? 
  you would be nothing , like like like ... finland . 
  what do you get from good economy and democracy ? 
  why do you need all these computers , internets , freedom to travel , live and work , if you lose the right culture . 
  russians , they suffer but they feel alive , you cheapshit !, 
  ... and everyone who wore uniforms ( railroad workers ) and everyone who worked for government ( teachers and doctors included ) and everyone with a higher education and their families ... 
  agree, 
  i a away , they achieved what they wanted, 
  at what point in history russia was not not aggressive and warmonger ? 
  only periods when it was economically bankrupt . 
  whenever it gets some cash , it spends all of it on picking on its neighbours . 
  well it was . 
  crimea belonged for ukraine and ukraine belonged for ussr .
