  it can not offer anything but resources ( and maybe some military equipment for some dodgy countries ) for others . 
  look at russia 's exports . 
  despite all this easy money , nothing was done to build country 's economic competitiveness . 
  if tomorrow oil price goes bellow 50 usd and stays there for a year , russia would be bankrupt . 
  so what putin has done ? 
  edit : i have n't downvoted you, 
   so why is there a different pattern now ? 
  i 'm not sure what are you talking about, 
   ignoring the fact that you are wrong ( you can address sdelanounas.ru if you read russian ), 
  i 'm pretty sure ( also thanks for the website ) , that you manufacture some things . 
  but am i so [ wrong ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:russian_export_treemap_\\ ( 2011 \\ ) . png ), 
   there is no guarantee that , for example under yeltsin , even this growth would be possible, 
  i believe i did n't mentioned yeltsin once , but you are right . 
  also you would be right to say that there is no guarantee that higher growth would n't be possible or anything else . 
  in fact , russia could be richest country in the world ( no sarcasm ) , just you need a normal ~ ~ leader ~ ~ government . 
   the gdp fell because it was the regional pattern, 
  no it fell , because economies in ussr were seriously f **** up , and it took time to restructure to market economy . 
  while yeltsin was not a good leader in these terms , he was n't so exception . 
  the thing is you ca n't say estonia gdp rose because of oil ( at least not directly ) , but you can say this about russia . 
   it 's only ~ 12.5 % of the gdp, 
  12.5 % is probably net export, 
  anyway , i told you , that i did not expect russia not to manufacture a thing , yet what it can offer for others ? 
   so the oil prices do n't affect it that much . 
  with all respect , it does . 
  i 'm not going to provide you sources , just google it your self . 
  you 'll find the answers very easy, 
   he 's infinitely better, 
  i see that russians like him so much that they wish to keep him `` infinitely '' . 
  yet i struggle to understand why you keep the standard so low, 
   there are a lot of costs on maintenance , effects of sparse population , small local market , costly labor force , etc. 
  tell that to saudis or norway, 
  well , history shows that from europeans finns has most chances in war with russia, 
  proof ? 
   our religious centers , mosques , were continually targets for ukrainian hooligans who sought at every opportunity to disrupt our prays with batons , clubbing them over our heads and even striking my brother . 
  the only way that we could pray was through the help of the russians how at times sheltered us and allowed us to pray or defended us continually . 
  do you have any source ? 
  because sounds like complete bs, 
   this points out that your understanding of economy is vague, 
  interesting , because these countries show that non of your arguments ( `` costs on maintenance , effects of sparse population , small local market , costly labor force '' ) are valid . 
  but you understand better about economy ... 
   it has something to do with the population, 
  of course it does . 
  russia , as well as other ex-communist countries , is still deeply `` soviet-thinking '' . 
  anyway , good luck, 
  people give legitimacy for government, 
  edit : or they do nothing and let government decide for them, 
  it is part of the problem . 
  seriously . 
  and do n't tell me what to do . 
  : dddddddd yeah ... and what did i expect ... 
  i do n't care . 
  i just feel pity for you . 
  well , they were often targeted by ukrainian hooligans , there is at least one newspaper or tv that have written about it . 
  that you are tatar who lived in crimea, 
  passport , photos , school diploma , anything that would relate you with crimea, 
  well , the majority of crimea were russians , including local government . 
  and crimean ukrainian speak russian and look like russians . 
  russian media exists . 
  you have to try harder to believe you , 
  does it means that if lukashenko steps down and russia sends troops to belarus , everyone would cheer them and wave russian flags ? 
  thanks for the answer, 
   this scenario is impossible to imagine . 
  this probably was the case with ukraine until a week ago . 
  i do n't want to speculate , but there are possible scenarios how that may happen, 
  exactly because of this , i had an idea , that it would be even easier in belarus than ukraine . 
  in ukraine only half of the country is pro-russian . 
  also , i think the guy was in power for 20 years , because of subsidies from russia , e.g. 
  cheap oil , gas , other resources , using the country as a middle man when selling military equipment . 
  but it is not the point of my question . 
  this sounds like an answer of a butthurted guy because suddenly no one wants to be with russia, 
  not sure if trolling or serious ? 
  anti-american = / = russian friend . 
  even more , if you have okeyish relationship with the country 's government , does n't mean that people in that country like you . 
  also , china , brasil , egypt , south africa ??? 
  plus , look at your neighbors . 
   as we can see however : pro-american = russophobe, 
  cause -  unpredictable fucked up behavior of russians for a long time in history ( and as we talk ) . 
   brazil and sa are members of the brics, 
  and ? 
  brazil , sa and egypt are indifferent . 
  you gave egypt aid , they said probably thanked and forgot . 
   china too and also stood by us in the security council on decisions over syria, 
  china voted the same as russia in un multiple times not only over syria . 
  probably , not a single time they voted to show friendliness to russia . 
  it is strange that in russia china is often referred as it would be old comrade . 
  yet , chinese current politics is very straightforward and looking for to gain something . 
  so , in all issues that does n't include the expansion of us political power , china sees russia as a competitor ( at best their view is neutral ) . 
   the neighbors you speak of are all a part of nato, 
  finland , georgia , japan ( if we consider it a neighbor ) . 
  now , thanks to putin , ukraine . 
  i 'm not sure how azerbaijan looks at russia siding with armenia . 
   ( belarus , kazakhstan , kirghistan , tajikistan , armenia and so on ), 
  there are no so on , there is only mongolia . 
  also armenia is not a neighbor , but fine . 
  i bet if they were in other geographical situation , they would say bye to russia without blinking an eye ( except belarus maybe ) . 
   you start off by saying nobody wants to be with russia and now when examples are being thrown at you , you are nitpicking over the ones you believe to be incorrect . 
  typical moving the goalpost approach . 
  keep in mind that it was an answer to such sophisticated position as `` nato is basically everyone being america 's little bitch '' . 
  i talked in generalities because it does n't require too detailed answer as the lad may not get it .
