  there are only rumors that it will happen soon . 
  also , russians are using economic pressure against lithuania way too often not to think that this time it is going to be different . 
  maybe you 're not blind but could you , please , prove that you are not deaf ? 
  in which exact second does he calls to shoot counter protesters from the east of ukraine as stated in the title ? 
  i just hear him to shoot aggressive foreign citizens that try to solve the problems in other country . 
  it is still very bad and i do not support him , unless these foreign citizens are armed . 
  and why is he nazi ? 
  just want to add some information because i 'm lithuanian . 
  but of course thanks for downvote, 
   `` they are on our ukrainian territory . 
  the crimea , kharkov , dnepropetrovsk , donetsk '' ( 0:26 ), 
  who is he talking about if he talks about people in kharkov , dnepropetrovsk and donetsk , cities populated with pro-russian citizens ? 
  there is no russian soldiers in this city . 
  somehow i think he says guys who come from russia to `` protest '' in these cities . 
  he specifically mentions foreign citizens . 
  how you would put a sentence in his place that has to call to fight against outsiders in your country ? 
  in addition to the upper my comment . 
  the killings were not even the main thing in his speech . 
  the main thing was to close gas pipelines . 
  well , there is a huge deal about it in lithuania at the moment . 
  there are no sanctions from russia ( our prime minister needs to get his shit together ) . 
  however , russia were doing this way too often thus probably lithuania is going to pay the price also this time . 
  edit : source , as you already got it , i 'm lithuanian, 
  except that costs are lower , infrastructure are better and etc. 
  goods are being send through baltics not without a reason . 
  also , good for latvia that you left it, 
  three days ? 
  according to russian media we were `` nazis '' before it was mainstream :d according to russian media and putin ( !, 
  ) , maidan protesters were prepared in lithuania . 
  everyone had a good laugh . 
  edit : everyone = people that have common sense in lithuania, 
   somehow you think ? 
  that 's a great start ... maybe your 6th sense also tells you that the speaker is not an extremist ? 
  how about a little logic ? 
  when you do n't know what to say , you nitpick and start insulting me ( or praising your own logic ) ? 
  also , i did n't say he is not extremist , i asked why do you think so . 
  text below is not a proof ( neither are links from russian media ) , were quick googling did not provide any links that he belongs for right sector . 
   if , if there would be guys who come from russia to protests , how will these shooters tell the difference between the `` russian guys '' from the ethnic russians ? 
  once more , i do not support what he said but he specifically mentioned foreign citizens and i understand why someone may be pissed off by guys from russia . 
  if he said something like , these guy should end up in jail , i would you agree with him then ? 
  because i think here is our fundamental difference . 
   did russia actually specify where these supposed elite training camps are located in lithuania ? 
  actually they [ did ] ( http://tv.lrytas.lt/?id=13938638441391531156 ) , it appears to be semi-luxury resort in a country side , with romantic bedrooms and stuff . 
  btw , the video that russian tv showed was done 2 years ago . 
  edit : here you can find some photos how maidan protesters were trained from lithuanian media, 
  i had not read it before , i did it now . 
  i agree that he is radical . 
  and what he is talking is worrying . 
  still , i believe in the situation , that ukrainians are now in , even very liberal people could lose their mind and do not talk as if they were lawyers , e.g. 
  russian = a person that is not ukrainian citizen , is acting aggressively in ukrainian territory , and is supporting invasion of a foreign country . 
  merging it with propaganda that is flipping nazi here nazi there , everything should be considered very responsibly . 
  thanks for the responses, 
  well , i 'm not estonian but i think russians and estonians interpret history quite different . 
  while russians may think the memorial shows respect and represent glory of the red army , estonians may look at it as something more like `` fuck you , your 50 years of occupation and your grandparents that were deported to siberia '' . 
   they still have days that honour those who collaborated with the einsatzgruppen, 
  could you elaborate more , i never heard about it . 
  i know estonians and latvians have days to remember waffen ss battalions . 
  i may understand why they have them and do n't see it as nazi battalions , but i 'll let them defend it themselves . 
  i only know that soviets started all the shit in baltics first . 
   the biggest collaborators with germany, 
  depends how you count it . 
  were there high amount of jews killed in lithuania ? 
  yes , but only small part of locals participated in it . 
  where lithuanians nazi collaborants . 
  well , when germans wanted to make lithuanian ss battalion , they managed to attract only couple hundred guys and failed . 
  how about mutual respect ? 
  the monument was not destroyed or something . 
  it was moved to a respectful place . 
  also , `` good neighbourly relations '' is something that russia kind of lack with its neighbors , so maybe the problem is not in baltics ? 
  why do you think you are going to be upvoted for this ? 
  the first and for the majority of these countries the only reason to join nato was that russia in history often acted aggressively and unpredictably towards them . 
  also look your list . 
  probably the only truly friendly countries are belarus and kazakhstan ( i 'm pretty sure kazakhs are going to increase their military spending to the sky because what you do in ukraine , so `` true friends '' ) . 
  abkhazia and south ossetia does n't count as they are puppet states . 
  there are no one to talk . 
  russians constitute ~ 5 % of the population and are scattered across the country . 
  i guess still enough to be invaded to secure their rights, 
  russians are already preparing several thousand tanks to secure their nationals being attacked in canada, 
  sure smart-ass . 
  are you doing this purposefully or you just ca n't read ? 
  russia massacres people because ruanda genocide, 
  how obvious is that some pro-russians are brainwashed or told how to act ? 
  does n't matter who tells what they are provocateurs . 
  first time i 've seen it when old man was talking in vice video , second time now . 
  what are the chances that this old lady is some american-ukrianian payed provocateur ? 
  i would like to see some photos, 
  soon shit is going to hit the fan, 
  why ? 
  just left a comment in one russian site that was not anti-russian or something but doubted the information provided . 
  0.5 h and the comment is gone . 
  al the rest of the comments were strongly pro-russian, 
  just to add to all the upper responses . 
  soviets as usual have tried to hide and cover the catastrophe which angered people and made the even more dissatisfied in the government . 
  the difference is huge . 
  why is it so ? 
  i agree that nobody cares about people . 
  yet i find a few logic holes in the reasoning with the gas pipelines , despite that this story is being told a lot . 
  for example , why the west and russia would fight for pipelines in ukraine if the pipelines provide gas from russia to the west ? 
  it would be the same if you would go to the shop buy some stuff and start a fight with a cashier because he wants to put the goods in a bag but you want to put the goods in the bag yourself . 
  they will win but they also need a quorum which is not guaranteed,
