  no worry , time next be piktures, 
  1 . become a producer of a dead band/actor/sportsman .2 . let them talk some nonsense about russian glory/putin/crimea .3 . profit .4 . transfer money to dirty america, 
  trump being most popular tells a lot about the / r / . 
  i see you can ` t get jokes either, 
  don ` t worry putin will count your death as a suicide anyway when you wo n't come back from vacation, 
  egyptian sunburn, 
  please , tell me it is sarcasm, 
  in general eu standards are higher than russian . 
  what are you saying could be translated into `` don ` t try to upgrade your tech and knowhow because russians won ` t buy your products anymore '' . 
  will there be a tought competition in the eu - yes , but the market is probably 7 bigger . 
  do they have knowhow - no . 
  do they have any advantaged - yes , cheap labour force ( everyone has to start somewhere and they will acquire knowhow in time ) . 
  and what russians can offer to improve situation ? 
  cheap gas ? 
  it seems it did n't work for +20 years , so should n't they try to change something . 
  russian market is neither larger neither more mature compared to eu, 
  list of improvements , especially economic wise , that happened in ukraine due to close relationship with russia in past +20 years :, 
  end of list . 
  i know what i 'm talking about . 
  the standards are not higher . 
  they are just a beurocratic-political tool . 
  when there is no political tension eu countries have no problem importing whatever they want to russia, 
  ofcourse it is not russia 's fault , it is ukraine 's fault . 
  if only they turned to eu earlier maybe they would had better living standards now, 
  if you do n't know , it doesn ` t mean we do n't export stuff , it means your either lazy to google or stupid and not able to find . 
  totally agree , just i believe having acces to bigger market is better than having access to cheap resources . 
  also , strong ukraine is against russia 's interest , but not against eu . 
  biotech , optics and lasers , it , machinery , solar panels . 
  and what do you mean `` anymore '' , what was of high significance before that we do n't produce anymore ? 
  tell me a significant industrial area that lithuania has lost ? 
  mineral products 17 % of export goods , chemicals 11 % , plastics 6 % , metal products 5 % , machinery and electronics 14 % , transport vehicles 4 % . 
  so where is your point ? 
  we have lost companies that used to produce technology and quality wise strongly laging things but otherwise we are doing quite well . 
  thus , i do n't understand what you are talking about . 
  there was a referendum in lithuania whether to built a new nuclear power plant and it was voted against . 
  also , please , see a post about outdated technologies, 
  whatabout, 
  could it be that russians are under impression that ukrainians think like this ? 
  short term - absolutely . 
  long term - eu is bigger , richer and more stable market , thus they will catch up, 
  east asia , east europe ? 
  i have n't brought `` what other countries do '' into r/russia, 
  whatabout is not justifying , it is deviating from topic by including random facts of little relevance and thus shifting attention, 
  they ca n't pay debts that they have lent to themselves ? 
  so you say taiwan , korea , singapure , japan and etc is worse now than ~ 70 years ago ? 
  china , vietnam , poland , czech rep and etc. 
  ~ 20 years ago ? 
  russia made exactly the same arguments in 90 for the rest of eastern europe and were wrong . 
  why you should be right now ? 
  generalisation and populism #ukrainecantofferanythingforeu, 
  source : memory . 
  this card was played so often for baltics that it is boring to discuss . 
  from preindependence till few years after joining eu . 
  all these sayings like let 's be brotherly nations , you need our market , nobody needs you in the west , you prostitutes of the us are so painfully familiar and it was told by ordinary russians not politicians , as it is done now . 
  i 'm not buying the argument that countries should stick with simillar level countries . 
  there are enought examples to counter the theory, 
  we at least know we are small and of little relevance , while russians still dream they are the world powerhouse instead of mediocre country . 
  like, 
  whoaa ... they still produce urals ?!!!, 
  i like them, 
   zhirinovsky is a fucking clown , and exists to make putin look reasonable, 
  i agree with you that putin looks responsible only in comparison to zhirinovsky, 
   joining nato has caused more problems for you than it has solved . 
  lol . 
  the approval ratings of nato seeks ~ 80 % , so obviously lithuanians do n't see thing like this . 
  the problems that were caused is that russia always tries to do pity stuff for us , which makes russians look more stupid and hostile among lithuanians , than create real problems . 
   the russians in your country , who are frankly not treated correctly , is a different story all together . 
  wot , m8 ? 
   there are no unresolved things - go your own way and we 'll go ours . 
  believe me , this is the main goal of lithuanian foreign policy with russia . 
   stay in nato . 
  have a nato party . 
  hand out all the blowjobs you want, 
  i hear loser ex rethoric . 
   just stop warmongering, 
  well russia is attacking its neighbors , russia is doing maneuvers unnecessary close to lithuanian sea territories , in 2014 number of incidents with russians planes that caused lifting jets was higher than 2005-2010 combined . 
   if russia wanted to invade you it would have done so prior to your nato ascension . 
  good that oil price was below 30 and you were a bit occupied in chechnya, 
   today all europeans have to be friends despite of old grievances . 
  so how does russia counts in this one ? 
  that is exactly why we have joined nato . 
  god bless it !, 
  and according to you r/russia should be exclusive to specific people ? 
  this happens all the time across all subreddits depending on trends . 
  it is even more interesting, 
  poland ? 
  it is not that it really worked out for them, 
  why ? 
  because everyone conspired against russia ? 
   i 'm from a nato country . 
  people here are for throwing turkey out of nato . 
  that is not going to happen any time soon, 
  w. . . w. ... wot ? 
   killing them hurts twice as much , because the turks ca n't state it publicly, 
  russians should now that very well, 
  bonus time at russia 's troll factories, 
  i think there are slight chances it 's russia 's fault, 
  ... because russian mod proved to be credible source after mh17, 
  i do n't want to defend turkey but putin is not a trustable source, 
  so why should i believe this ?
