  that is illusion that was created by a lack of information . 
  no one cared about people in the ussr but you could n't speak about it then because the single aim of the ussr was to care about ordinary people . 
   can you name a single country which was benefited by the brutal bankster clique calling itself the imf ? 
  this sentence of yours shouts that you do n't know what you are talking about or you purposefully spread desinformation, 
  one problem at a time , ukraine, 
  more like :, 
  1 . have no money, 
  2 . sell natural resources, 
  3 . buy military equipment, 
  4 . make a war, 
  6 . have no money, 
  what to answer if someone asks you what is your crime ? 
  not sure about this story but in general i believe there could be many similar stories that are true . 
  on the other hand , i totally could see how russians in a couple year will switch sides in a same style for economic or other way less significant reasons than a life of a relative . 
   the us does n't really want other countries to live better . 
  america is run by a relatively small club of rich old white men , who are psychologically dependent on being richer than others . 
  sure , it horrible how all thus american allies suffer from being poor and malnutrition is prevented only because aid is being send from rich stronk countries like russia, 
  how about central and eastern europe all warsaw pact members + baltics ? 
  ofcourse they will never have such glorious period like when ruled from moscow but still ... 
  the eu agreement is irrelevant . 
  eu and russia was looking to sign a similar trade agreement in the future . 
  then why to oppose ukraine to have one ? 
  everything was about power and putin 's insecurities about his small height and dick . 
  despite whatever news you were listening , russia for sure proved to be a reliable and friendly neighbor . 
   so nothing has dramatically changed, 
  everything have changed dramatically . 
  almost any measure that could be used to measure living standard have increased . 
  furthermore , as a guy who lives in lithuania but traveled around , i could say that changes are actually visible . 
  also , take into account that `` ally '' thing started at 1999 or 2004 . 
  so as we argue about the statement below , i ca n't credit us for changes in cee but the statement is bullshit . 
   the us does n't really want other countries to live better . 
   eu itself is on the verge of breaking apart . 
  why ? 
  the two countries which are most likely exit eu are greece and uk . 
  while none of this is going to happen , none of the exit would really hurt eu . 
  i wo n't even discuss greece because i hope it is obvious . 
  while uk is the main opposition to move eu to more integrated union that germany and france push for . 
   it 's not me who you are quoting . 
  yes but the discussion started because of this . 
  in general , i agree about ukraine and that cee is not far from russia . 
  however , cee have insignificant amounts of natural resources and , unlike russia , have to hustle for their economic prosperity . 
  regarding eu , everyone all the time , depression or economic peak , wants a better deal but not even greeks wants out of eu . 
  just look how their stance shrinks every day . 
  apart of ukip there is no significant movement in any country which would push for exit . 
  also , core eu countries , like germany , france , benelux , scandinavia understand that eu was extremely beneficial for them and will do anything to keep eu going . 
  so `` on the verge of collapse '' are not the words to describe eu . 
  well chewbacca81  muzukashidesuyo  you  me, 
  could i ask what are we arguing about according to you ? 
   cee always had insignificant amounts of natural resource and so they always had to `` hustle '' , as you say , both in ussr and post ussr times, 
  countries without resources outperforming a country , which probably has the largest amounts of natural resources , is quite alright `` a success story '' . 
  even when russia does n't need to carry the burden of all second world anymore . 
  regarding the eu , i do n't see the point to argue because i believe that we just do n't agree in details . 
  newcomers can and will get massive benefits . 
  it is just in a policy of eu to balance out the regions . 
  however , i do n't see ukraine becoming a member in at least +20 years . 
  i believe that the barriers for the newcomers overall have increased . 
  on the other hand , ukraine still will get some aid in various forms . 
  as i mentioned , like litvinenko , like chodorkovsky, 
  when lithuania have n't paid for gas ? 
  lithuania gets cheaper gas from russia just because it has opportunity to import gas from america/elswhere, 
  russia did deliver gas but we paid almost the highest price in europe for it . 
  also russia proved not being a reliable partner , as they stopped oil delivery `` due to maintenance '' . 
  there were never any restoration works ( because the pipeline was never broken ) . 
  why ? 
  people ceased to have humor at / r/russia, 
  if 1-2 billion usd from russia 's pocket is just a pixel than i start to understand why russians never lived well . 
  but what do you care , you do n't live in russia anyway . 
  americans are welcome here . 
  russians are not . 
  respectfully , lithuanian, 
  or maybe you do more business with people you can trust ? 
  he could do an ama and claim all the karma, 
  so much ignorance just in one post ... 
   and how is kept secret ? 
  plot twist : the subreddit is periodically taken over by russia propagandists, 
  jokes aside . 
  russians do not have any specific rights here . 
  it is a subreddit for topics about russia not a subreddit for russians . 
  moreover , i believe the problem is not in quantities of one or other side but that / r/russia does not have a normal discussion culture . 
  every critique is against other side is often taken as a personal insult . 
  votes are distributed not according to argument 's qualities but sides , whataboutism is appreciated and etc. 
  do n't worry , in russian media any word related to baltics is autocorrected by adding nazi/fascist to it . 
  you 'll get used to it if you follow russian news for some time . 
  1 ) he is a reserve officer and does not represent lithuania . 
  2 ) in the article he says that there come a lot of guys with 0 experience and most of what he teaches is abc . 
  3 ) i do n't see much sense in your comment as there is no talk about overall capability of countries but individual soldier training . 
  4 ) yes , it makes people feel good . 
  you may never know , it could be that his country could have send quite a few ` instructors ' with tanks , if you know what i mean . 
   when people come here to troll and say negative things here which are not structured , they will get down-voted, 
  that is exactly opposite how / r/russia works . 
  downvotes does not correlate with trolls or the strength of an argument here . 
  my original comment . 
  was it trolling or a point of view ? 
  why it is being downvoted ? 
  if someone else wonders who he is , he is an ex-finance minister under yanukovych 's presidency . 
  yes , i am very critical towards certain issues related with russia , yet i usually do not downvote comments of opposite opinion . 
  sometimes , i upvote well structured , polite arguments , even if i do not agree just to encourage good discussion . 
  i wish more people would do the same instead of complaining about `` the other side '' taking over the subreddit . 
  no idea , just googled about him, 
  daily dose of hypocrisy .
