  i like you, 
  nope , i understand well and that is what op meant . 
  apparently , it was not illegal for exclusive circuit ... good old ussr, 
   towards the end of the 80 's , my father managed to use his contacts in the ministry of transportation to make his own small company, 
  how is it related with what i said ? 
  well this sub never was a bastion of fair , well argued , based on facts discussions . 
  and this is a fault of both sides , e.g. 
  how many pro-russians here ever upvoted well argued opinion of someone supporting ukraine ? 
  so start with yourselves and than ask for changes . 
  approximately adjusted for population ( keep in mind that only above ten countries are adjusted ) :, 
  eritrea 2609, 
  serbia 2337, 
  iraq 316, 
  why are chechens leaving russia in such huge quantities ? 
  i know you too have tried a bit of sarcasm . 
  but i do n't think adjusted stats are very positive for russia . 
  russia have almost the same amount of asylum seekers as iraq , which has a terrible safety situation . 
  also it has more than iran and pakistan , which are not famous for human rights , etc. 
  what 's wrong with saudis and albanians ? 
   financier of death and destruction, 
  does / r/russia became a comedy club ? 
  western media was critical about hungarian government for a very long time now . 
  much longer than recent shit caused by russia started . 
  support for russia was one more thing criticize them, 
  breaking news : western media is covering political issues instead of only sticking to sports and weather . 
   everything has changed right here , when the eu showed that it 's not independent in its foreign policy at all , and the us is able to push whatever they want, 
  oh stupid europeans were brainwashed that invading and occupieing other country and initiating a war in europe is bad, 
  things i do n't like : people who like this, 
  probably just because of leftovers from good old soviet block, 
   eu did n't want to impose the sanctions, 
  in recent voting at the eu parliament only political marginals were in favour of russia , so not sure what you are talking about . 
  one more thing , of course the us had pressed some countries to adopt the sanctions , the same as russia pressed some countries to not adopt but it does n't prove your point, 
  i have found multiple pages that are were bashing lithuania from `` anti-nazi/pro - soviet-scifi/pro-russia '' point of view . 
  facebook refused to remove it . 
  so , no , russia is not a poor single kid in the class that everybody picks on, 
  where is this 32 ` nd block post ? 
  * separatists encircled them and threatened to bombard them with grads , if they do not leave, 
  * they could not leave without an approval from the up . 
  they got one but were warned that they would be risking, 
  * they worried whether the separatist will let them go and agreed that some separatist will accompany them to ensure safety, 
  * the word was kept and ukrainians have left without casualties and with all ammunition, 
  * they are pretty not happy about the heads of the army , a position of the block post , a lack of water , etc. 
  stopped following after, 
  edit : typos, 
  one more important thing . 
  the separatist were warning them about mortar attacks . 
  according to them , a few sniper shots above their heads , meant that in 5-10 min there will be a bombardment, 
  he even went full putin now . 
   naturally , these were staged scenes and even ammunition was blank . 
  feels a bit fake . 
  a voter comes and does not show any id , does not sign anywhere , takes the ballot himself and marks relatively quickly . 
  all of them looks like young guys . 
  there is no sense of election ( not that there happens election anyway ), 
  no but this looks too lame even for them, 
  i hope three naked and marooned episodes taught something, 
  i just love these kind of submissions . 
  poor little kid , did the bad poles and balts hurt you ? 
  here have a candy , tomorrow mammy and daddy will buy you a toy and show , thus bastard neighbours not to pick on you any more . 
  do n't whine . 
  both sides are the same . 
  thousands of times a respectful argumented `` anti-russian '' opinion was downvoted to the bottom in this subreddit . 
  europe once more is oppressing russians . 
  call putin and make a real voting, 
  it has already been 24 years since we parted ways . 
  i know it is painful and frustrating but , please , get over it and move on . 
  it does n't matter how hard you are going to try , there is no future for us together . 
  wanting to return to the good old days only distracts you from being productive and it is really hard to see you destroying yourself with alcohol or acting aggressively . 
  it would be better if you did some sports or catch up with astronomy , i know you used to be good at it . 
  i wish you all the best . 
  with love ,, 
  an oil pipeline from russia to lithuania was temporarily closed for repair 8 years ago , when lithuania sold its refinery to polish company instead of russian . 
  it 's still closed, 
  we would prefer russia not to `` do n't give so much shit '' but to mind its own business . 
  also , lithuania got five medals in london , considering that our population is 50 times smaller than russia 's , i hope russia got at least 250 medals . 
  winter games are too specific . 
  i could point that you miserably failed in recent basketball championships, 
  the title is from the article . 
  russia actually surpassed a few countries . 
  actually , i am regretting posting this here . 
  the article and index look shitty . 
  it is true a lot of young people moved away but `` all the young people '' too exaggerated . 
  i would say 5-15 % of 25-35 years old live abroad, 
  why ? 
  at least from economic perspective kazakhstan looks very good . 
  it makes sense to have documents in a war zone . 
  imagine how separatists could identify that he is not ukrainian spy ? 
  also , it is not necessary that everyone has an id but people tend to remember if do have thus people 's minds become biased, 
  i do n't know much about quality of life in kazakhstan but it has plenty of resources and relatively small population . 
  also , according to gdp per capita ( ppp ) by imf estimates for 2019 kazakhstan is higher than russia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  i 'm from small town but i live in vilnius atm and there are plenty of young people . 
  actually , in recent years there is a trend that foreigners come to lithuania for work . 
  you can see spanish , italians , romanians , etc in vilnius , not in big scale thou . 
  i would say emigration depends more on the level of education . 
  also , i would not consider it necessarily a bad thing . 
  if lithuania is mentioned , what is the context usually ? 
  to be more balanced , georgian and ukrainian conflicts played a huge role in this, 
  some people would say that food is kind of essential, 
  edit : and pharmaceuticals, 
  imagine that you have a company that gets revenues in rubles but you have financed the company by taking a loan in dollars .
