   soros causes most of russia 's problems . 
  obviously soros forced yanukovich & co to steal property of the state . 
  you do n't know that because you are brainwashed by western propaganda, 
  was n't it more relevant for russians than turks ? 
  could be , still was n't this pipeline an alternative to the one going through ukraine ? 
  they came there for vacation, 
   do n't bother with r/europe . 
  they have turned full-fascist . 
  i 'm coming to this sub just because of post like this . 
  good laugh makes my day brighter . 
  there there, 
  if anyone thinks it is related with politics , they should go to r/conspiracy instead / s, 
   we simply call it butthurt, 
  i see that some readers here are terrible in understanding meanings of words, 
  good one , have an upvote, 
   a brilliant move by the bank of russia, 
  not sure whether you have followed their actions but they looked more like panicking than executing a well strategized plan, 
  their move of raising interest rates and then lowering it in the following meeting . 
  not a very good move in a business built on trust . 
  they raised it and lowered ( not to the same magnitude of course ) it in a period of one month . 
  i would guess a central bank would prefer to make very clear , validated and well communicated movements , yet their moves did n't looked like that at the time . 
  the lowering move was more of correction of overshooting or was based on pressure from outside, 
  i personally do n't agree with what the article says . 
  the moves were too late and terribly comunicated . 
  compare that to fed or ecb , which are able to do policy even without actually changing anything ( of course the weight are different but still ) . 
  also the article partly praises rcb for ressisting putin 's influence . 
  wow ... yeah , very good job . 
  like winning a gold in special olympics . 
  what could be better ? 
  not to be handicaped . 
  catholics are christians, 
   finnish media portrays russia as aggressive country that invades and annexes parts of its neighbors countries, 
  how would you portray a country , which invades and annexes parts of its neighbor countries ? 
   it 's better argument than your constant whining about the occupation and old bearded soviet era anecdotes with ussr replaced into russia, 
  brings the topic about occupation in a barely related post . 
  complains that people are talking about occupation ... . & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  good, 
  but they should get him , they have fought for it so hard, 
  just do n't start flipping that martian shit, 
  well military actions are usually newsworthy , do n't you think so ? 
  that would imply they wanted him back , nope ? 
  pretty sure finish media covers other countries too, 
   one has to keep in mind that these camps were not part of a systematic policy to be cruel . 
  these were relocating camps , to devoid any type of food or shelter for the boer guerillas from supporting boers . 
  sounds like turkish excuses for armenian genocide or soviet apologist statements, 
  well this sounds like an argument to soften the image of the be . 
  facts are that many died in these camps . 
  however , i know very little about all of it , thus i could be wrong . 
  edit : ottoman apologists do say that ottomans only wanted to relocate armenians do n't they ? 
  maybe it was indeed the plan yet it does n't change the fact, 
   `` russia 's chechnya '', 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
  cheers , good to know . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  it is not ironic , it is totally in line with british joining the eu in the first place :, 
   they do n't want to be in ukrainian military anymore . 
  is it a crime ? 
  yes, 
  have tried it with rice ? 
  you say crimea is different , i say it just a part of the salami tactics, 
  source ? 
  ok.thanks . 
  i was suspicious about the numbers . 
  you conviced me that there are a lot of russians in syria . 
  still 10000 seems a bit of exageration , 
   13,000 people being forced to rape and kill each other in a syrian prison ? 
  150 people killed in an american backed saudi offensive in yemen ? 
  is it really the strongest argument that you have ? 
  edit : i do not express my support for either party . 
  ca n't comment on the first part but the second is exactly what ` whataboutism ' is . 
  want to do discuss syria , russia , etc ? 
  fine.there are plenty of posts about it . 
  go there and express your feelings that people do not care enought about it . 
  it is not , yet who 's double standards is he pointing . 
  but they had reports on other countries too . 
  unless the same redditors previously stated that they do not care about syria and etc it is not doublestandards . 
  it is preferences and there could be legit reasons for it . 
  regarding other things he said i replied to a specific statement . 
  you can not force people to focus on something because everyone has their specific preferences . 
  your friend dies in a car crash vs there is an airplane crash with 100 victims somewhere across the world . 
  the second is much worse but you will definetely care more about the first . 
  you could say it is double standard but what 's the point ? 
  i am lithuanian and this guy talks out of his ass . 
  absolute majority of lithuanians are positive about eu and economic wise ( including salaries ) eu is the best thing that could happen to lithuania . 
  i am lithuanian and that guy talks out of his ass . 
  absolute majority of lithuanians are positive about eu and economic wise ( including salaries ) eu is the best thing that could happen to lithuania . 
  i 'm a proud memelstealer . 
  at least my dad was not a fake prussia . 
  `` high ranking lieutenant '' is n't lieutenant already an indication of how high or low the rank is, 
  this guy even issued a song in non english, 
  i always thought that the idea of private prisons are not too bad but the task given is bad . 
  maybe if private prisons would be paid from taxes that released and socially integrated ex-prisoners pay rather than for a prisoner per day behind bars , it would be better . 
  * lithuanian, 
  i mean us played important role in the history , e.g. 
  wwi , wwii , cold war . 
  would it be different , if there were two uss . 
  i guess southerners , would have preferred two aryan company . 
  i imagine germany was very technologically advanced and with second biggest population of europe , however , numbers probably were obvious . 
  i think you have to be very naive if you hope to win against the group of countries that has much more resources and population several times bigger . 
  so , what were they thinking ?
