   in the first part switch the russians and the americans around you 'll get a similar ending ( except for no nato ), 
  agree . 
  still does n't make russia any better . 
  us is better from two evils . 
   brazil is obviously not indifferent as they are working in an organisation which has to do business with russia ( but as you mentioned before , no one wants to be with us ) . 
  sa might give less fucks . 
  egypt on the other hand is very thankful , it is however not shown in the media as much cause who wants to see the russians be the good guys ? 
  they are also working in organizations that include both americas , china and a bunch of other countries . 
  likewise , european countries are doing business with russia , including all the very anti-russian ones . 
  and egypt is still in us pocket , yet they probably are very thankful for your help ( who would n't ? ), 
   check our history with china and what all that we have done for them . 
  many chinese people remember this , and it reflects on their todays politics a lot . 
  gas exports to china are being organised on huge scales . 
  once that is done , the two countries will become intertwined like never before . 
  yep , the history also includes such things as armed conflicts for the border . 
  the rest is just business . 
  despite that , do you think if russia let 's say go bankrupt or some kind of disaster happens , china would come to help ? 
  i think they would do shit and secretly would clap hands . 
   dunno why you forgot so many nato nations such as : belarus , czech republic , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , romania , slovakia and slovenia ( albeit a few of these do not directly border us they are still `` neighbors '' ) . 
  not sure what is that about, 
   do you mean to tell me that not having any relation with a country ( cultural , economic , geographical ) may result in indifference ? 
  oh look , who is nitpicking now ?!, 
  nobody wants cancel all the relations with russia . 
  if , for example , armenia had better relationships with turkey and azerbaijan , russia probably had a hard time inviting it to euroasian union . 
  i 'm not answering to this shitty statement , i 'm just writing to people who are going to read it and maybe do not know . 
  there never was a lithuanian ss division . 
  just to tease : oh wait ... but there was a russian one . 
  maybe that is way there are so many russofascists, 
  learn to read and google, 
  so were is that 1st lithuanian ss division ? 
  oh ... your fantasies :d, 
  in the beginning of 1943 nazi occupational government attempted to raise a waffen-ss division from the local population as they had in many other countries , but the mobilization was boycotted with less than 300 men reporting, 
  find me a division or i call you a lair . 
  from march to may of the same year , also self-disbanded , leaders arrested and ended up in concentration camps . 
  such nazi, 
  i provided you wiki link purposefully ( for your education ) because i see your russian propaganda was loosely based on it . 
  edited : time, 
  from march to may , indeed very long time, 
  what atrocities did they make in these 3 months . 
  signed up ? 
  tried on their uniforms ? 
  edit : i talk about the `` division '', 
  `` a nazi killing squad of approximately 50 men , also called the `` lithuanian equivalent of sonderkommando '' '', 
  yes , let 's call all the nation nazi collaborators . 
  suddenly your `` ignorance on the subject '' does n't sound so ironically, 
  such masculine , so brave , much russian pride, 
  the probability that this is staged would be much higher , if there were no attackers faces in the video . 
  know it is too easy to check . 
  you have to deal with what you have, 
  i think he is compared to hitler not because of this regional conflict but how he legitimizes conflicts and what rhetoric he uses, 
  obviously by fascists paid by filthy us dollars, 
  edit : ah ... some people just ca n't take a joke, 
  i 'm pretty sure the guy has enough money to say fuck you to whoever he wants without worrying for his payroll . 
  i fail to see why nato-russian relationship could matter there . 
  of course , they may not like each other , the possibility to be excluded from process to enter eu is too big to pay . 
  considering that croatia is already in eu and can block serbia , serbia will be the one that has to adopt ( and probably already is a bit ) . 
  but it is separate story . 
  i think it would affect marginal groups . 
  firstly , because serbians are not strong anymore , actually their significance is rather low . 
  the population of serbia is only 7mln. , maybe they could get a bit of support from bosnia 's serbs ( who are also not very populous ) . 
  their economy is also not spectacular . 
  secondly , their neighbors got stronger . 
  kosovo plus/minus have a state , which was not the case before . 
  they still have international personnel in the country . 
  also , serb minority is very small . 
  i would say , they have zero chance with croatia . 
  croatia is now a well functioning country , with stronger economy , eu member . 
  not even considering that the border length is not very long . 
  most chances for disruptions , probably , there are in b&h . large serb minority . 
  shitty economics . 
  but i think the rest of the europe will never let it escalate to a full scale armed conflict . 
  they are just too much noticeable to neglect . 
  do what ? 
  you do n't need to downvote , i 'll answer . 
  just , please , specify the question, 
  ukrainian couch looks like a front of a car, 
   ukrainian politics right now are anti-russian, 
  right now russia is occupying part of the country , what do you expect ? 
  i do n't know ukrainian and only can get several words . 
  could you tell me where it was anti-russian and what they say ? 
  except that the question was why they become more anti-russian . 
  also , praising sb is nothing new in ukrainian politics . 
  i agree with this your statement . 
  yet , i do n't think that anti-russian atmosphere in ukraine is anywhere close to what some russians think it is . 
   the first thing russia would do in an economic war with eu is turn off the gas tap . 
  would n't have to be for long - just a couple of months would be enough for major european cities to start blacking out . 
  that is not going to happen because almost half of russia 's budget is from oil and gas export revenues . 
  also , russia 's economic growth is slowing down and budget deficit is going to increase anyway because of shit happening in ukraine . 
  conclusion , it is going to cost both sides but more for russia . 
  thank you very much vlad !, 
  because `` referendum '', 
  well , guys in plc were quite good in fighting but shitty in running the country . 
  sometimes i read about battles that were fought at the time and in most of the battle they were heavily outnumbered and still managed to win . 
  could you elaborate more about the differences between east and west belarus ? 
  as we are discussing this , i would like to complain that there are too many undressed females at gonewild, 
  bad news : it is going to get worse before getting better, 
  i looked more carefully at your arguments and i must say you convinced me, 
  for me it is one more proof that conflict is between cultures and mentalities , not ukrainians vs russians, 
  not exactly right . 
  they do not block anything ... yet .
