  wait , i thought it is ukrainian nazis who want to wipe out russian speakers are fighting on the ua side ? 
  i do n't imply any meaning , i just quote what was said by some pro-seps, 
  one man 's terrorist another man 's freedom fighter, 
  i really do n't want to go deeper in this discussion but there are perspectives where hamas , taliban or al qaeda could be considered as organizations fighting for freedom rather than religion . 
  well , thus retail points in the east of ukraine , probably were beating their sales target in the past year . 
  and what other reasons , except aggressive russian behaviour ( so ukraine , georgia , etc ) , would be for the us to want russia in shambles ? 
  serious question . 
   reporting on the sochi olympics was fair and balanced, 
  ah the olympics ... you russians pretend to be so tough but you actually sometimes have such a soft skin . 
  the olympics and other big events are often praised and mixed in dirt . 
  just look at london olympics , beijing olympics , fifa in brasil , i 'm not even talking about fifa in qatar that may not even happen . 
  but the bastard west is bullying only poor russia . 
  this also could be applied for everything else , maybe it is a lack of critical opinions in russian media ... just speculating, 
  france , germany , china often refuses to ` submit ' , never heard about sanctions against them . 
  everything makes sense but when you account the size of belarus economy vs russian ... 
  king of cringe, 
  just proves how shity is media in russia . 
  the composer was killed . 
  before the conflict someone at a bar for unknown reasons not clear whether participant of the conflict said `` who likes putin here ? '' . 
  not saying , that it was not a a cause of a conflict but ... 
  they did though they have not reported that attack was politically motivated . 
  neither victim , nor attackers are known to have any specific political views . 
  the role of the remark in the conflict is not clear . 
  it was previously announced that maybe the friend of the victim told that before the conflict , later that maybe attackers , than maybe someone unrelated in a bar . 
  also it is not clear whether it has to do anything with the attack . 
  i did n't bother to read russian article but a title show a huge spin . 
  was there a lack of russian related guys among top ranks in ukraine all these years ? 
   you and the entirety of reddit would throw a tantrum like a 12 year old if one of medvedev 's kids took the same position as biden 's son . 
  so this one basically does not make any sense ? 
  what if i told you that the company , of which bidden is a board member , actually is related to people close to yanukovych . 
  does n't it shake your conspiracy theory a bit ? 
  apples and oranges, 
  wot ? 
  you are the hope for the internets, 
   so no , not equally bad . 
  just choice between horrifying , and bad, 
  you have heard something somewhere but do n't know much . 
  would you better be `` exterminated '' on a paper or die during `` vacation near laptev sea '' ? 
  soviets always will be worse in baltics as they occupied and fucked up a lot of things before germans . 
  i know that for many russians it is mind blown but old people are way more sympathetic to germans than russians because how they acted in the process of `` liberation '' . 
  or they would be alive and have their relatives alive, 
  you are stunned that some people are having other opinion about the glorious red army ? 
  this is strange if your knowledge is from occasional redditing . 
  also , regarding armenians/turks vs baltics/russians at least two things comes in my mind , 1915 vs 1990 , we atleast have some kind of relationship between the countries . 
  majority of / r/europe downvoted the statements but you go blahblahblahlithuania ? 
  sure you had much better guy , what was his name ? 
  i 'm not saying nazis were better in general ( i would say they were equal to soviets-another mindbomb for you i guess ) . 
  also , why just not to compare things what happened instead of what if ? 
  what happened ? 
  russians sent ~ 10 % of baltic population to siberia . 
  thanks `` liberators '' . 
  why not 200 % or 1000 % ? 
  that would sound more convincing . 
  let 's not open other topic before completing the one before . 
  i 'll repeat myself . 
  you are comparing something written by someone that never happened to something that actually happened . 
  the weight of the arguments are uncomparable . 
  if soviets left in 1945 , russians and russia probably would be one of most respected nations . 
  now , it is quite the opposite . 
  well , mr.enlightenment , i was not trying to state that the statements are right or wrong because the majority of / r/europe voted so . 
  i was trying to point out to your false logic or/and meaningless comment . 
  maybe yes maybe no , you do n't know and neither do i, 
  so are you a fortune teller ? 
  `` we do know '' is only interpretations . 
  i could give a thousand different scenarios how it would have happened if and all of them could be similarly right . 
  hitler lacks army to hold all europe under his control for a long time , occasional unrest turns into partisan wars draining resources . 
  hitler starts loosing battles against whoever is left and signs a peace agreement loosing majority of conquests . 
  not happy about their economic situation germans over through hitler . 
  evidence about nazi horrors are revealed . 
  hitler is sentenced to death . 
  but what do balts care they are under soviet occupation anyway . 
  just to play devils advocate . 
  their point was not to liberate auschwitz , some soviets probably were relatively positive about dead jews , gypsies and homosexuals . 
  the point was to conquer as much land as possible and germans were competitors , while auschwitz happened to be on the way . 
  from then it is also a valuable pr card . 
  how about american citizens ? 
  yes , could be but as i have already told this scenario was as likely as any other . 
  quite likely i would say but whether more than soviets directly or indirectly killed ? 
  ... and here we are were we have started , 
  the people can recognize that their nation were wrong or be dicks and pretend that nothing bad happened . 
  so just because you also lived like shit , we should thank you ? 
  i do n't blame them , i just refuse to be thankful or praise the army that helped to implement stalins awful ideas in my and your country . 
  wrong . 
  that army occupied my country and terrorized people . 
  than germans pushed them out and terrorized certain groups in my country . 
  than that army came back and continued to help terrorize people for another 40 + years . 
  which episode should make red army look more positive than wehrmacht for me ? 
  the person that i should be glad for is my grandparent who bribed some russians with vodka , so he did not end up in siberia . 
  is this what lithuanians should thank for ? 
  any thoughts ? 
  so tell me , why i should praise the army that is associated with killing random people ? 
  had this army recognized and apologized ? 
  they always pointed fingers to others . 
  so do n't demand respect . 
  there was a good example somewhere in this thread . 
  a girl is saved by a man from being robbed and killed but the man then abducts and rapes her . 
  should the girl thank the guy for saving her ? 
  read some books that are not published in russia mate . 
  lol, 
  i understand a moral viewpoint of this but sending to the front a relative of the head of a state is not smart .
