in lithuania children dress up and go door-to-door asking for candy or money on pancake 's day . 
  the strange part is that they dress up as gypsies or jews ( at least it is called like this ), 
  kids on the left expression, 
  kids on the left expression, 
  clicked to read only because of the boobs, 
  i do this often . 
  even climbed with slippers once , yet if you 're sober it 's not so funny anymore . 
  the yes men, 
  we are explaining things using science ( `` science '' as we understand it ) and believe it is true . 
  in middle ages people were explaining using religion and believed it is true . 
  are people in the future is going to explain things using something else , while looking back in the history and thinking how stupid we were now ? 
  wtf is klonopin and where i could get it ? 
  and why does it matter that they are lithuanians ? 
  thieves are thieves , they can be of any nationality . 
  like what context ? 
  the justice was served was better/worse ? 
  it 's not that i 'm going to worry and do not sleep tonight , yet to make it equal i do no see that nationality ( or race ) is pointed out in majority of links in this sub . 
  i would n't say that i 'm offended . 
  i just noticed it because i 'm lithuanian , thought it was slightly strange and commented on it instinctively . 
  on the other hand , if you read comments bellow , you ca n't say it does n't matter . 
  start a mushrooms business, 
  jews are one of main factors for globalization . 
  as it does n't threaten their culture , while would probably increase their power . 
  there is no god , evolution is just a story and we all live in matrix, 
  do you think lecturer as a profession still is going to be necessary in the future ? 
  i imagine that in the future there maybe a few very good lecturers , whose videos people is going to watch around the world , instead of taking actual classes . 
  i think that people still are going to explore the `` real '' truth , which may sound total nonsense nowadays . 
  it is not reference to a movie . 
  `` matrix '' is my allegory to something that drives the world , yet present science ca n't explain it . 
  in the future , `` matrix '' will become a leading theory and replace science/evolution , as it replaced religion in the past . 
  jews , not like many other nations , got used to live in a mixed societies and do not `` vanish '' . 
  so they feel less threatened to assimilate . 
  moreover , they have very specialized skills which are more appreciated if a society is bigger , e.g. 
  trading - the bigger the market the better , writer or actor - audience . 
  even more , you do not have certain skills , e.g. 
  farming or blue collar works , groups that are less flexible and usually gets hurt more , because of globalization . 
  additionally , if a society is very mixed , the influence of jews is stronger , just because it is not concentrated in the hands of a dominating group . 
  they know that domination of one group ended up bad for them quite a few time in the past . 
  overall , jews as a group is relatively much more pro globalization . 
  i am not stating that there is some kind of conspiracy ( of course never say never ) , but their perception combined with influence may do the job . 
  as opposite , i totally imagine some kind of super rich and influential `` let 's say swedish or spanish '' trying to be anti globalist just to preserve his countries culture and shit ... 
  that may seem to be uber stereotypical , but just wanted to make a point . 
  cheers !, 
  great picture , just fagotish tattoo, 
  it was maybe 3 ( ! ), 
  year reunion . 
  we had a `` reunion '' in at a local bar in a separate area . 
  thus , all the faces were familiar , except one girl , that non of the guys new . 
  everybody thought she is just a friend of somebodies and because she looked quite good ( 8/10 ) nobody minded . 
  oppositely , many guys tried to flirt with her and etc. 
  after a while it appears that she actually studied with us . 
  only then she was probably ~ 130 kg `` never talking '' girl who wore glasses and had no friends . 
  never thought that these kind of stories happens in real life, 
  thanks , did n't know about this sub . 
  yes , but it is more hypothetical question , than historical, 
  warning : if you watch this too many times , you may end up in a toilet, 
  i am lithuanian . 
  so i am neutral in this conflict between uk and argentina . 
  however , could some argentinian explain me the logic of argentina . 
  i really do not get the reasoning why argentina at all could claim falklands to be theirs . 
  just because it is close ? 
  the following question : which stock/company is the longest trading stock/company in the world ? 
  it is true , yet i imagine somebody from allies side may have seen it a little bit awkward . 
  i found this one http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080916210948aatwxbu . 
  not sure if 100 % truth , but looks trustworthy, 
  yep, 
  reference ? 
  had to turn my computer upside down for a while, 
  fast reading mistake :, 
  `` til in indian culture it is rape to say ... '', 
  i think you are too young to browse reddit, 
  i like how calm and fluent the too guys talks and comments . 
  more like experienced `` sport '' commentators than crime witnesses, 
  it is interesting that majority already related these attacks with muslims/arabs in their minds and part of it will never hear who actually was behind it . 
  so even if it is not arabs who did it , they are already convicted by some people, 
  just wow !!, 
  while i agree that most significant factor is education , you can not downplay cultural background , which is tightly related with religion ( does n't even matter whether they practicing it or not ) . 
  thinking , that women who do not fully cover their bodies or wear skirt or yoga pants are sluts , mixed with poor education and stupidity probably is most dangerous . 
  yes , i 'm curious too . 
  saw it once and do n't want anymore . 
  but there are mods and subscribers ... 
  ... and of lithuanian descendancy, 
  `` children are starving '' are you serious ? 
  children are starving in ethiopia , congo , liberia and etc , but in greece ? 
  the only reasons why they could starve in greece are 100 % not economy related . 
  thanks for helping me to get rid of that itch every time i visit s. 
  edit : hair cut , not dressing code, 
  my brains tried to solve that according to rules of logic and got stuck, 
  well , the proportions would not be so obvious if you count wealth, 
  well there are at least to more links in these comments to the same confession bear . 
  looks like op tries to promote his other submition, 
  i think it 's not money laundering . 
  the thing is a rich guy found a wife way younger than him and feels insecure because of that . 
  so he did everything what she wants , never criticized her and let everything develop to where it is now . 
  the restaurant is not for business but just a whim of hers and a tool for him to keep her . 
  this was awesome, 
  the guy looks mentally ill ( without irony ), 
  i am not defending police brutality or something , but what was the woman thinking when she went even close to the area, 
  what even more confuses , when that there are transgender gay people, 
  drunk guy still gets some credits for being able to kick pretty high and not falling down , while not being able to walk,
