  when russians talk about rights they compare russia to the world powers like the us , when they talk about responsibilities they compare russia with poor countries in a middle of crisis like ukraine . 
  who care ? 
  people who invest in russia ... oh wait they do n't . 
  ftfy : yet we ~ ~ are ~ ~ still * were * in the top 20 countries that receive the most investment . 
  if you think this story paints russia in nice colours as a safe and secure place for business , you are wrong . 
  bullshit or not it works for lithuania . 
  as long as russia is being a dick state , i am happy about that . 
  only for you my friend , look at the second half of the last year :, 
  good luck keeping in top 20 with that trend, 
  source : http://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/fdi-in-figures-april-2015-tables.xlsx, 
  also , you realise that stock market is ` souring ' because it and rubble were flushed down the closet before ? 
  if you google a bit you will find swedish version , which is in-line with lithuanian , so 2vs1, 
  yes you are the main trading partner and , it would be awesome , if you were a normal country . 
  but many people share similar views to mine here because we a tired of russia being a dick , so in the end we are willing to take a hit just to cut ties with russia . 
  also , if you analyse the structure of import and export , it really ca n't be hurt much more . 
  russians are used to be silent when someone acts bad towards them , lithuanians fight how they can ( probably that is why you love stalin and putin , but it is other topic ) . 
  politcians brought an international attention to the issue that lithuanians see relevant , which probably result to an increased security for the region , how does that contradict national interests ? 
  no , just being dicks ... again, 
  not saying it wo n't hurt , saying that it may be worth in exchange of having no ties with russia . 
  import - mostly gas and oil commodities that we can buy from anyone , happens that we buy from russia . 
  export - mostly food ( you banned it anyway ) and goods produced not in lithuania ( we actually have statistics for that ) , which have not so big margins and can formally go through cayman islands , if russians suddenly wo n't like it . 
  adjust market gains for the decline of the currency, 
  yes , i know that exact location and that exact time were he only available opportunity to do exercise . 
  who is paranoid now, 
  the ambassador had said that , however , the prime minister have commented that only the defense committee can make a decision and there is no planed meeting . 
  still , lithuania is already supplying some arm 's elements . 
  russia 1st - nothing new , a big countrie that always do well in sports . 
  lol , whatever, 
  someone does n't know how to use them , e.g. 
  nobody mixes when each of them is used, 
   people who know history, 
  lol , i see you 're not one of them, 
  this is not the best place to ask , still the majority of lithuanians were seeing soviet union just as `` russian '' state that suppress lithuanian identity . 
  also people felt animosity to soviets because they have lost relatives in siberia or they were kicked out of homes . 
  economic wise lithuania was doing okeyish ( it was also doing okeyish before ussr ) , yet many have felt that system was stupid , e.g. 
  there was scarcity of simplest goods , cashiers in shops were very respected because whether you 'll get shitty sausage for diner today ( or nothing ) depended on them , thefts from workplaces were considered normal , to sum up , it was a mess . 
  however , soviet union was good for one social group , high ranked members of the communist party , they were like 20 century feudal lords . 
  who have executed his orders ? 
  who picked him as their leader ? 
  also , it was not georgian that was obligatory in schools , tv , official documentation and etc. 
  for comparison , is it germans or austrians that were at fault for holocaust ? 
  actually , nazis were at fault , just happened to be so many germans among them . 
  same story with soviets and russians . 
  edit : `` the baltic soviet republics had the highest quality of life in the whole ussr '' retrospectively looking the standards were not high , more like ussr held as from doing better . 
  i think you definition of journalist is a bit flawed, 
  it is interesting that 16 % of georgians approve , there are 8 countries bellow them that didi n't have a war with putin 's russia, 
  it is n't a myth ? 
  there is a particular mood that the author pushes . 
  also , e.g. 
  1 ) `` massive local collaboration in lithuania '' the collaboration was very low actually , nazis were even pissed on lithuanians , that they could draft enough men to their army . 
  2 ) `` vytautas bogusis , an anti-soviet dissident turned ultra-nationalist member of the lithuanian parliament '' he is liberal and never heard of him being far right . 
  3 ) the purpose of nkvd in lithuania was to break the resistance , which also included torturing and killing civilians . 
  if someone was serving in nkvd , so we ca n't question what he/she was doing there ? 
  nobody accused nobody yet of anything . 
  however it would be good to know whether nkvd hired him/her for his/hers typing skills ? 
  4 ) the newspaper `` respublika '' , while many years ago was widespread , gradually became marginal tabloid with conspiracy theories that was thankfully closed . 
  please do n't quote that shit, 
  5 ) picture of a women waling among the ruins makes an impression that germans invaded and destroyed everything , yet majority of the damages were done when soviets tried to recapture lithuania . 
  we do n't hate all russians , we hate thus ignorant dumbshits , who are fine with imperialist thinking or glorifies soviets and calls us nazis because we do n't join them . 
  our russians ( lithuanians ) are mostly cool regarding the above topics . 
  probably because puting soviet lovers/putin lovers/communists/red army/russian officials/etc under `` russians '' is easier, 
  you may confuse two things . 
  i wanted to see prosperous modern russia ... until you gained some money because of increased oil prices and instead of fixing your life , you felt like `` ussrneverdiedrussiastronkestcountryindaworld '' and started bullying your weaker neighbors . 
  now i would like to see russia bankrupt . 
  now you can downvote for my opinion to the oblivion . 
   the greatest asset is people, 
  lol , do you yourself actually believe that russian government did this for people ? 
  they do n't give a fuck about people or crimeans . 
  crimea went to russia because putin wanted to measure dicks with other powers . 
  are you sure ? 
  could you remind us where are you staying at the moment ? 
  who ever saw yotaphone in real life ? 
  uuuu ... aaa ... hmmm ... what ? 
  so is n't it a fault of soviet union in the end ? 
  you do n't blame the end of the party because of your hangover , do you ? 
  yes , it was a smart idea . 
  interesting how commercially successful they are, 
  sorry , my mistake , it supposed to be a question and no , it is not sarcasm, 
  did you had any education at all ? 
  ussr was the peak of human development , since the collapse of that great country it is only famine , constant wars and death left in the world . 
  read some books man . 
  if you are poor at reading ( as obviously all the schools collapsed after ussr collapsed ) . 
  watch some documentary at least , e.g. 
  yes but i asked wearebricks . 
  he does not live in his beloved russia, 
  no way ... how did you figure that out ? 
  your mom should be very proud of you, 
   every used source is cited, 
  are you saying that they should qoute unused sources . 
   we have no idea how many photos they have trawled through and rejected, 
  with this briliant logic you could reject almost anything that is true or not . 
  here are australians searching for malaysian airlines boeing . 
  it is not relevant just while googling `` malaysian airlines catastrophe '' it used to come out ... and here is a picture of wwii because google search `` russians shoot airplane '' ... and here is a picture of hello kitty just because `` ipengu '' does n't want to miss anything . 
  could you share what have you read , please ? 
  could have been if not armed ussr pride parade to ukraine, 
  though need some to represent non russian viewpoint, 
  do you even read , mate ? 
  mawp mawp maaaawwwp, 
  i should have known that russians cant into languages . 
  thus no pasport in latvia and cry for putin .
