and if your car has daytime running led lights and it is snowing/snowy/slushy , leave your headlights on . 
  leds do n't waste enough energy to melt the snow on them and are useless in snowy conditions . 
  it is nitpicking since even battery powered trains or trains taking power from the tracks are most likely causing emissions due to electricity generation from fossil fuel in national scale . 
  technically this train simply has zero local emissions , and when someone writes a headline about zero emissions , the nitpickers emerge with their need to correct insignificant things . 
  your worries about efficiency of fuel cells vs. batteries etc , are questions i am interested in and since this is a test run , we will hopefully learn something from it . 
  even if it ran on miracles it would n't really be zero emission because building the train itself caused emissions . 
  this is similar nitpicking you always see when free anything is mentioned . 
  whales live their entire lives free as a counter point , but it 's impossible to know how much animals care about things like that . 
  i doubt the cows care if they become extinct or not . 
  war is one of those things where you leave your own country to do some murderin ' . 
  see , this why these needs to be banned , just a picture made you want to smoke . 
  yeah , but i do n't think anyone has ever used it in anything other than an example of a long word . 
  to be honest , i do n't even know what it means . 
  i meant a truck like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/truck#/media/file:freightliner_m2_106_6x4_2014_ ( 14240376744 ) . jpg i guess they are just trucks , which is mildly annoying that americans call pick ups trucks just `` trucks '' as well . 
  the upper caravan can be towed by pretty much anything and the lower caravan is still somewhat modest . 
  can be towed with a bit `` larger '' cars like every suv and some station wagons and vans etc. 
  i do like american pick ups and i 've considered getting one now that they lessened the requirements for these kind of trailers in here : http://i.imgur.com/kowhnss.jpg they 're still very impractical in many ways and honestly i find vans superior as utility vehicles . 
  lower `` bed '' , covered , you can walk in the back , easy to strap things , lower consumption and cheaper to repair ( might be different in us , pick ups being so common ) . 
  pick ups have better off road and towing capability , both of these feature being somewhat unnecessary . 
  vans have enough ground clearance to go on build sites and enough towing capacity to tow moderate trailers . 
  i 'd want one just because they 're large and look great and drive pretty swell . 
  and you know , i do n't want to drive a van . 
  if i lived in us , i 'd get f350 , couple of trailers and a sports car . 
  would probably have lesser monthly car costs as well . 
  most cars that fit 5 people are fine for caravaning . 
  moving large items is n't very common and there 's vans and trailers for that . 
  sprinters for example are very economical and have plenty of space . 
  towing something that heavy requires advanced drivers license which are not common . 
  in the end the driving culture between europe and us is very different and these things you list are not very important at all for us . 
  vans are used for these purposes by builders and plumbers etc. 
  tractors by farmers . 
  or real trucks . 
  what do you even call proper trucks like semis ? 
  average mass of a human male is 7.14 kg , okie . 
  if you care so much about geographic definitions , perhaps you should learn what scandinavia is . 
  i 'm sure this sort of warfafe is banned by some treaty . 
  yeah , we can try to fix the source of the problem and at the same time call these monsters what they are . 
  in most cases life is not black and white . 
  plenty of wrong with capitalism , but with people as well . 
  this is just a general pet peeve for me . 
  even if something is legal , it 's not necessarily morally right . 
  fuck the people saying excusing shitty actions behind legality . 
  i 'm not doing anything here to correct any wrongness that i 've read from articles linked to reddit , but at least i 'm not trying to defend these scumbags . 
  and to not make it seem like i 'm calling you a shitty person . 
  perhaps next time point out how the capitalist system allows and rewards this kind of shitty action , instead of defending a shitty person . 
  i 'm sure hitler was a good fellow , the game was just about getting as much power as possible . 
  hate the game , not hitler . 
  that did take some stretching , but i did it . 
  you 're welcome . 
  they 're fucking monsters for doing all that shit to increase capital . 
  does n't matter if it 's their job or not , they are monsters and they are paid to be monsters . 
  you 're probably just taking a piss on capitalism , but i 'm just tired of people defending these disgusting cunts on the basis of `` it 's their job '' . 
  i 'm sorry for being rude , but please read my comments again . 
  i ca n't say much more than to say it is/was not an argument for anything really . 
  you 're acting as if this was some sort of argument for what the policy should be for organic farming . 
  it 's not . 
  yes , all of that would be idiotic if someone was to use it as a tool in any kind of argument . 
  at the start someone said  we have more than enough both land and food to feed everyone in the whole world over and over again . 
  and you replied :  urban myth . 
  we already use more resources to produce all sorts of agricultural products than we have . 
  water is for example in many cases becoming scarcer . 
  as far as i understood the myth you are talking about is that we could feed everyone on the planet easily if we just could transport the food for free or at almost no cost . 
  as in we could grow food in massive farms in remote locations suitable for farming . 
  as far as i know this is true . 
  it is still a useless fact for any practical solution because we ca n't transport food across the globe cheaply enough . 
  we most likely never will be able . 
  it 's a nitpick at worst and a mind snack at best . 
  i do n't even know what the argument here is . 
  are we still arguing whether it 's a myth or a fact that we could easily feed billions more yet if we had free transportation ? 
  i do n't have any fact laying around to prove or deny it and i really do n't care to find any because even if i did prove it right , it would be a waste of time , because we do n't actually have free transportation . 
  i could n't use the info in any argument at all since , it 's not based on reality where transportation has costs and multitude of other factors are at play . 
  yup , but hardly worth the effort to piss on a wildfire is it now ? 
  / r/europe comment section being it 's usual self . 
  what a delight . 
  i find this very silly . 
  it 's just a silly nitpick/mind snack . 
  why do you have the need to ` beat ' it ? 
  easiest way to beat it is to say that we do n't have free and infinite transporting ability . 
  it 's just a food for thought type of statement , it 's not meant to be used to guide policies . 
  earth theoretically could feed a huge amount of people , if everyone was spread in an ideal way or we had a teleporter that worked without energy . 
  at least that 's what i 've been taught . 
  if the redditor you originally replied to meant it as an argument to support organic farming , he 's a fool . 
  thatnks for the article , i did enjoy it . 
  still , does n't this part support the myth that we could feed everyone , if we had a miraculous way to trasnport the food :  overall , europe uses a relatively small portion of its total renewable water resources each year . 
  however , water availability per capita across europe varies widely because water supply and people are unevenly distributed, 
  got any interesting sources for that ? 
  never heard of that before . 
  unless you 're talking about california growing nuts and almonds . 
  as a nitpick ; you 're social democrat , not a democratic socialist . 
  i assume you want a capitalistic country with socialist rules that help keep the capitalism in check . 
  although every country seems to have a bit different understanding on what different political denominations mean . 
  it would probably help if there were discussion related to the article , instead of meta discussion regarding the sub itself . 
  what a shitshow of a comment section here . 
  true . 
  wonder if parking lots will have charging posts in the near future . 
  colder countries already have a regular outlets in parking lots to preheat cars . 
  suburbs close to city would work . 
  you 'd need to do the calculations yourself . 
  first you 'd need to compare hybrids and normal cars feature wise like you 'd normally do . 
  then check the price , repair and usage difference .
