  there 's a psychological term for it , i ca n't think of it right now . 
   now you 're comparing spears to needles , christianity in poland is a fat , old , toothless pig , islam in europe is a young tiger . 
  that 's not the point , the point is that both would be unwanted situations . 
   they 're not preaching to you , they 're preaching against you , that 's what makes it so much worse . 
  islam is inherently hostile to the western civilization and one has to be deluded not to see it . 
  so the west is the victim here ? 
  all we have ever wanted is just be friends , right ? 
  furthermore , do you genuinely believe that the people coming to europe , hoping to build a new life here , are * hostile to the western civilization * ? 
  if they were , they would n't have come in the first place . 
   i 'll say this again : we 're going to see some real shit in europe once islamist political parties start gaining siginficant power , which is inevitable at this pace , and you wo n't even hear me saying `` i told you so '' . 
  meh , i do n't see that happening anytime soon . 
  do you have islamist parties ? 
  we do n't . 
  we do have a teeny tiny orthodox christian party , the sgp . 
  no one takes them seriously . 
  muslim immigrants ( or their children , rather ) who have the intelligence to study and go into politics wo n't be muslim extremists . 
  finally , are n't you a little behind on this all ? 
  i do n't know for the rest of europe but in the netherlands , this issue has faded away . 
  these days , the immigrants from * your * country and the distrust towards them form a bigger problem . 
  well , i would n't be happy indeed with islamic minorities in europe becoming majorities . 
  but that 's the same reason i would n't want christians to become a majority again either , as they still are in your country . 
  i 'm just saying that by preaching ( `` preaching '' , because let 's be honest ; when was the last time you had an islamic man on your doorstep , wanting to talk with you about allah ? ), 
  these people are n't hurting anyone , so why the big fuss ? 
  what are they doing wrong by building more mosques ? 
   muslims imposing their primitive , cruel law on other people again , that 's a minority . 
  it would be the same thing as the westborough baptist church in america re-establishing and enforcing old jewish laws and the world would go `` look at aaaaaall those christians being al cruel and primitive ! '', 
  try to be rational about it , 
  those are valid points . 
  but you were talking about `` speaking against it here '' . 
  which is bullshit ( no offence ) . 
  because it 's something completely different . 
  i am a big anti-theist and ca n't wait for the day religion will have died out . 
  but to fear for the islam getting foot on the ground here in relation to terrorism really is bullshit . 
  every ideology has it 's extremists . 
  and in `` ancient '' sharia law , terrorism is even punishable by death ( there was a thread about this the other day in til ) . 
  let 's say that by tomorrow , islam ceases to exist . 
  that wo n't make terrorists less terrorist , they will just find something else to fool poor analphabetic people into fighting for them . 
  because no one is fighting islam . 
  they 're fighting * extremism * . 
  ` normal ' muslims themselves hate extremists too , and the muslims escaping their country to go to europe are n't the same people as the bearded lunatics who blow up schools . 
  so yeah , claiming that that is the case * is * , in fact , kinda hate speech . 
  not to mention ( although i do n't know how it is in your country but it is in mine ) that most muslims here are turkish who have nothing to do with any of it . 
  * desert  edit : although , a dessert the size of europe does sound pretty awesome . 
  to be fair , i was n't able to tell a belgian flag from a german for quite a long time . 
  ... malian ? 
  malian ?? 
  really ? 
  haha , malinese makes more sense to me ( since it 's malinees in dutch ) . 
  it does explain why i get those annoying red scribbles the whole time though ... 
  no of course not , i understand that military intervention can be necessary . 
  but generally speaking , yeah , i despise warfare . 
  that i did know , but it 's a too loose and , indeed , ` quasi ' one imo . 
  ... wow , i did n't know that . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  i 'm actually a total pacifist . 
  but i can see why france is feeling left alone , and it could be different , that 's all . 
  i understand , the rest of europe is really making a number out of itself by letting you guys do the dirty work . 
  you 're right , it 's a stupid suggestion . 
  at least , as long as the eu consist of 27 different governments . 
  if we are going to mean something in the world somewhere this century , we need a european federal government . 
  i do n't think they 're * desperate * for help . 
  the rebels are not with many . 
  but i get why they 're frustrated . 
  true , but it 's not as paris would have it . 
  and to be honest , i can understand . 
  it 's like having to dig an enormous hole in the ground and all your buddies come stand around , supporting you , giving you all the shovels you need , but let you do almost everything on your own . 
  i agree , but it 's not that simple . 
  the dutch could give a rat 's ass whether mali is dominated by islamists or someone else . 
  last week was the first time in years i heard the country mentioned . 
  our defense , and whether or not we should put more or less money into it , and whether or not we should continue to stay in afghanistan , have been some serious debate topics . 
  i ca n't imagine our government would be very eager going into yet another war in some desert people never heard of . 
  i think we need to establish an international eu-army or something . 
  well , since the european peoples have smashed each others heads in since the bronze age , and given the international disaster they caused by doing so the last time , i think this hesitance to go to war is indeed a good development . 
  though the countries should get their shit together in situations this close to home . 
  originally , they were planning to go to mali in september or october , when there would be a new government there , and while giving merely air - and logistical support . 
  but the rebels have attacked last week so france was forced to jump in early , and as it turns out the malinese army has no chance of fighting on its own , so france will have to send in troops of its own . 
  and i think that hollande believed help from other european countries to be somewhat naturally . 
   absolutie typo ... ; _ ; seriously though , i do n't know this guy , but his article has a bit of a lame-christian-moralistic swing to it . 
  which makes me not want to take him very seriously . 
  other than that , his argumentation is just very weak . 
  what am i saying , it does n't even exist . 
  it is mere complaining and suggesting situations . 
  gee , thank you world xd, 
  no , when your native language is n't english it 's hard too , 
  why latin ? 
   latin as alternative , since esperanto has too difficult grammar heh ? 
  like ourselves ... 
   so you went from worshiping the transcendent reality to worshiping yourselves we 're not worshipping anything . 
  yeah , and now they have this new shit with those dudes on the waddeneilanden . 
  what 's it called ? 
  you 're right , draadstaal/lama 's etc were funny . 
  and i heard that new show with tijl and ruben is not so bad either . 
  komt een man bij de dokter is not a tv show right ? 
  that 's pretty funny too , actually . 
  just stay the hell away from dutch tv shows . 
  neither do we . 
  [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntlhydfpdxg ) [ this . 
  ] ( http://static.nationalgeographic.nl/pictures/genjuserphotopicture/original/90/34/14/haags-vreugdevuur-1-143490.jpg ) [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.bnr.nl/incoming/590410-1207/jongeren-drank.jpg/alternates/i/jongeren-drank.jpg ) new year 's in a nutshell .
