they 've been doing these kind of `` test flights '' for decades . 
  it 's just dick waving . 
  yes . 
  oh could very well be . 
  it 's just , as far as i know , a picture of parisians that people have . 
  `` government does something unchill ? 
  riot mothafucka . '', 
  the whole french revolution thing may be the most extreme example . 
  that , and just the fact that parisians are notorious for rioting the shit out of their city when they 're unhappy about something . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the sign is supposed to say `` and in [ country ] '' ? 
  i do n't get why you 're being downvoted , you 're just explaining something . 
  then again , that 's apparently what happens on reddit when you try to explain a misunderstood aspect of your culture . 
  i 've seen it before . 
  based on the fact that 37 % turned out to vote , and over half of that voted pro-eu . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the rest is either anti-eu , or could n't even be bothered to vote at all . 
  most people here are either against the eu all together or could n't even be bothered to vote because they lost all trust in politics . 
  not a good sign . 
  you mean the majority of the people who voted , voted pro-eu . 
  63 % of dutch people did n't vote at all . 
  `` the dutch '' have n't said yes to the eu , or no . 
  `` the dutch '' have said `` fuck you '' to the parliament and it 's corrupt system . 
  the first five k 's are silent . 
  dutch has fantastic words as well : herfststorm . 
   big money plays a lesser role in european politics . 
  they 're talking about lobbying is perceived , not the amounts of money . 
  i have n't heard anything about problems with polish immigrants last few years . 
  the most recent thing was the thing with the romanians and , as per usual , muslims who keep forgetting that you ca n't carry on living like you 're in your old country when you 've emigrated to a new one . 
  the irony ... ( just kidding , i have no problem with your fellow countrymen who came here ), 
  you 're very right of course . 
  but i never said we should invade crimea ? 
  or force others to join us/stay with us ? 
  i was reacting on how the problems mikoway foresees with a united european military wo n't be that big if done right , who was commenting on shuai 's wish for the eu to be better able to defend itself . 
  why are you talking in slogans ? 
  except that the austrians willingly joined germany by referendum , instead of germany just randomly spawning troops everywhere . 
  but by the time there would be a united european army , it wo n't be soldiers from one country protecting the interests of another , and i also do n't think it will feel that way . 
  we 'll have * european * soldiers protecting * european * interests . 
  and that 's the direction i think we should be heading . 
  that being said , for that to happen we 'd first need further federalization beacuse an army is useless if it 's under the command of 20 + different governments who all want different things ... 
  as far as i know , the krim does n't want to be part of russia either . 
  this is what putin does , annexxing autonomous and/or separatist regions in neighbouring countries ( transnistria , chechenya , crimea , etc. ), 
  in order to bully and manupilate said countries . 
  the current issue is not that the krim should stay ukrainian , but that putin should get the hell out of there . 
  also , putin has already made it clear that he intends to invade the rest of the country as well . 
  that being said , i do very much agree that people living in a culturally distinct region shoud n't be forced to be part of a country if they prefer to be a country of their own . 
  indeed , here it was twelve degrees only three weeks ago . 
  but i am anticipating one pretty cold february ... 
  please change it back to how it used to be next time . 
  i always like these surveys . 
  but i would like to point out finally that there are people who are n't comfortable with this dichotomy male/female , or who have more than one nationality . 
  yet they ca n't response accordingly . 
  both cases happen to apply to me , 
  yeah , word order is basically identical most of the time . 
  same in dutch . 
  you guys do it weird , 
  haha really ? 
  i do n't know what french humor is like at all , now that i think about it . 
  example ? 
  with that logic i should be able to understand french jokes because i speak italian . 
  yet i would n't . 
  and frisian should n't be a problem at all for anyone who speaks english . 
  not everyone speaks a germanic language . 
  i like images in other languages every once in a while . 
  if a translation is also provided of course . 
  the main problem was , i think , that they tried to fight a 19th century-like war with 20th century weapons . 
  but i want my language to get attention too !, 
  problem -----  declare it a non-problem -----  solution . 
  a dutchman , a german and a belgian are to be put before the fire quad . 
  the dutchman is up first . 
  as the fire squad is preparing to shoot he shouts `` something 's burning ! '' . 
  the soldiers start frantically looking for the fire and the dutchman escapes . 
  the german hears about this and he does the same . 
  he also escapes . 
  the belgian has also heard about this and wants to do the same . 
  as he is standing before the firing squad he shouts `` allez , fire !, 
  fire ! '', 
  it 's actually true that after the golden age the church started to discourage laughter and frivolity . 
  it was only until after wwii that we started being fun again . 
  nnnnnnnnooooooooooooo right in the identity . 
  yeah but , they say we can trust the pamflet . 
  it 's science . 
  then it 's got ta be true , right ? 
  do n't really think there is . 
  americans have to memorize the american states in school , just like we have to memorize the european countries . 
  i can imagine that mixing up ohio and idaho is just as silly to an american as mixing up slovenia and slovakia is to us . 
  but that is the part that was conquered by the russians . 
  russians are still a european people . 
  i only just now realize that you were just interpreting the meaning of the portrayal of the gay couple in the picture in your initial comment ... o.o people here ( including myself ) thought you were calling gay people weaklings ... 
  not sure i 'm following here . 
  could you elaborate on that second worldview ? 
  do you by any chance mean the view that homosexuals are disgusting and should die ? 
  what does this have to do with knowing history ? 
  apparently it 's a sufficient criterium for you , but i do n't agree with things because the largest amount of people has been thinking it for the largest amount of time . 
  yes , your world is tiny , because people who are n't like you apparently are less worth then people who are . 
  maybe they should n't even exist at all . 
  i call that small minded . 
  `` we '' know exactly how `` you '' think . 
  anything that does n't fit into your tiny world and mind is wrong . 
  the exact details of your thoughts i do n't know , because i just do n't fucking care . 
  really ?
