  ... what video ? 
   or have everyone agree that that is now the official song and fuck this `` national committee '' . 
  me and most students i know have . 
  i doubt i 'll be even awake when they sing it ... 
  no no no no no . 
  no no no !, 
  it 's logical , actually . 
  i ca n't imagine the people who wish to shoot up their school are the brightest students with the most social skills . 
  hahaha yeah that 's basically what must have happened . 
  it is awfully overproduced , you can clearly hear it had to be `` diverse , 'cause the netherlands is diverse too ! '' . 
  it 's also a very democratic song ; people could send in lyrics . 
  that 's why it does n't make one bit of sense . 
  it pains me to have to keep it in circulation , but for science : [ het koningslied ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_lrn6obwwy ) . 
  this was supposed to be the official anthem during prince willem-alexander 's enthronement , but was met with so much horror that the artist who made it frustradedly decided to `` withdraw '' the song ( how the hell does one `` withdraw '' a song ? 
  if it 's out there , it 's out there ) . 
  if you think it sucks now , be glad you do n't understand dutch . 
  not only must this be the most empty and sucky lyrics of all time , the grammar is terrible too . 
  there is this one sentence which has eight grammatical errors . 
  i have no idea . 
  but i ca n't imagine we 're the only ones who have russia pissing in our backyard , i assume they 're doing it in other countries as well . 
  netherlands here . 
  ~ ~ de ~ ~ the dreaded `` koningslied '' has been cancelled ( thank god ) . 
  pretty much everyone here is extremely relieved about it . 
  some douchebag in leiden yesterday announced on 4chan he was going to shoot up his school , so today all leiden 's schools are closed and an arrest has been made . 
  more local : [ noisia ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aef1zva2ieq ) is coming back to groningen next week , so me and my friends are going to be flipping all night next monday  i did n't went to get the newspaper yet , so that 's pretty much all i got . 
  during `` testflights '' . 
  it 's just dick waving , they have been entering dutch airspace regularly from quite some decades . 
  i had never heard of chechnya before this week . 
  you know , you can change your flair if you want to . 
  did n't say i was . 
   states in the u.s. are almost mini-countries americans know that , and europeans realize it if they think about it . 
  but really it 's just one big blob of ` murica to many of us . 
  i should know all 50 states ? 
  while they 're actually very pretty . 
  as long as you keep your hands off our bicycles !, 
  edit : to be fair though , you did n't hablve a flair earliet today . 
  yeah , but `` sjuderans '' comes from jus d'orange . 
  dutch has many , many french/romanic words with a germanic alternative . 
  yeah well , no sense making is pretty prevalent in dutch name giving to foreign stuff and usage of foreign terms . 
  to guerrilla , we say ` guerrilla-oorlog ' . 
  at the bakker bart you can order a ` broodje panini ' ( bullshit use of italian infuriates me especially , since i 'm half italian and unfortunately i can actually understand it all ... ) the worst thing about this one is n't even that it 's the same word twice . 
  they use an italian fucking plural to refer to one piece of bread . 
  ~ ~ we just keep on burning post offices and sabotaging the holocaust until the canadians arrive . ~ ~ edit : sorry , wrong thread . 
  i was jokingly having a ww2 bitchfit with someone from germany in another thread ... 
  oh , right !, 
  had n't seen that . 
  i wo n't cooperate with you !, 
  resistance !, 
  yeah , that 's what i meant indeed . 
  china 's apple . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not a native english speaker , your apostrophe rules are really a pain in the ass , 'cause they 're pretty much the opposite of the rules in dutch . 
  ehm , sorry but why are you lecturing * me * on how the name does n't make sense ? 
  i know that . 
  i did n't come up with it . 
  if i wanted to say apple from china , i would 've said apple from china . 
  but that 's not what sinaasappel means . 
  you have to imagine 15th century people , being introduced to a fruit they never seen before . 
  a fruit that is round like an apple , is roughly as big as an apple . 
  only it 's orange and apparently it comes from china . 
  chinese apples . 
  china 's apples . 
  or in dutch ; china 's appelen , which later evolved to sinaasappels . 
  edit : i just now realized you 're german ... 
  no not `` china is apple '' . 
  chinas apple . 
  apple from china . 
   friulian yet this one does n't show on the map . 
  not exactly , it comes from `` chinas apple '' . 
  as an italian person , i can understand this , yet i ca n't understand this . 
  in overijssel we do n't . 
  well , dutch do n't really say sinaasappel either actually . 
  sounds more like sienessappol . 
  oh , i thought you meant the other things he said . 
  either way , it 's a safe assumption if you ask me . 
  how else does one find the time to mod 54 subreddits ? 
  i 'm not really that much of a cybersoldier . 
  still not adressing why it is flawed . 
  how does one stage a revolution on a website ? 
  it should be possible if you ask me ... 
  so who 's going to message the admins ? 
  still , it strikes me as odd to have an american moderator in / r/europe . 
  i see . 
  but are you saying that gay couples should n't have children at all ? 
  because adoption is not the only way to have children . 
  so is this becoming a thing now ? 
  asking opinions on your country that most people know nothing about ? 
  god , please no ... 
  while i partially agree , i still feel inclined to call bullshit . 
  for the sole reason that single parents ( the ones that intentionally are as well ) never get any shit . 
  i could n't name a single fact about it , other than that it 's in the balkan . 
  of course you are valuable . 
  any country is . 
  and i love monty python , and my religion is british rock bands . 
  it 's just that for people here the uk could just as well not exist . 
  nobody knows ( and thus does n't really care ) what is going on in your country , except for a few that like to watch the bbc . 
  may sound harsh , but i do n't mean it that way . 
  it 's just the truth . 
  nobody under thirty knows her here . 
  pfew , sounds like a close one . 
  the dutch are very pragmatic .
