  he once told a class about how god cured him from his homosexuality . 
  it was all over the ( local ) news the next day . 
  this is your idea of backing it up ? 
  it 's a choice . 
  paedophilia is neither , it 's a sexual orientation . 
  one that is highly condemnable , a thing some paedophiles realize and struggle with . 
  you better count yourself lucky you 're not one . 
  is it boring , living in the 14th century ? 
  but ... everybody wants to mock r/atheism . 
  i sure hope we do . 
  i 'm not talking about money and little numbers . 
  i 'm talking about people . 
  the recession has destroyed more than just people 's fancy second car . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get out of this recession , but people hate each others ' guts again . 
  at least he did n't get downvoted like i was : /, 
  dutch newspapers are n't too optimistic either . 
  maybe i 'm being brainwashed , maybe we 're screwed . 
  time will tell . 
  terrific , adding more people to the party on the brink of collapse ... edit : do n't get me wrong , i 'm not anti-eu . 
  absolutely not . 
  but think about it for a second . 
  the british are fed up with it . 
  the cypriots want to see dutch and german heads on stakes . 
  merkel is the reincarnation of hitler in southern european eyes and the northern countries wish the southern had never joined the euro . 
  all the trusting and uniting has gone , and all that remains are politicians furiously , and increasingly desparate , trying to sustain the euro and the union . 
  i think ` cyprus ' was the beginning of the end . 
  in februari ? 
  what are they , crazy ? 
  i 'm dutch and i can understand them . 
  well , most of it . 
  well , some of it ... 
  frisian , limburgs and low saxon are regional languages . 
  as for dialects , there 's a different one in every village . 
  sometimes dialects/accents even differ within cities ( as is the case in my home city ) . 
  as for low saxon dialects ( i do n't know that much about other dutch regions ) , there 's hardly anyone who speaks them anymore , aside from older people and redneck idiots . 
  probably because it makes you , in fact , sound like a redneck idiot . 
  western dialects are closest to standard dutch . 
  [ a map becuase i like maps . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:languages_benelux.png ), 
  that 's not german . 
  that 's how it is for dutch and germans listening to scandinavian languages . 
  i do n't really like nino d'angelo though ... 
  have n't seen this one mentioned , but it 's absolutely a wonderful language to listen to : neapolitan . 
  aww stop it you !, 
  to be fair though , the niqab/burka thing is not intended to be oppressive to women , it 's actually to protect them from lusty male eyes . 
  even before islam existed it was pretty common among desert tribes to cover themselves . 
  but we 're in freaking europe here . 
  if you want to symbolicly express your religion , go ahead and wear a chador , or a hat or something . 
  but we evil westerners would like to see the faces of the people we meet in the streets . 
  well if our women would go to the middle east and walk around in bikinis and mini skirts there 'd be quite the problem , would n't there ? 
  you go to another country , you fucking blend in . 
  simple as that . 
  and by the way , we do n't force our culture upon them . 
  they live amidst it . 
  if i do n't like the culture ofwhere i 'm living , i go someplace else . 
  it is pretty far away , but there 's only algeria and a relatively small chunk of sea between mali and europe . 
  so it 's still closer than you might think . 
  wow , that guy is indeed pretty scary ... 
   racist-filtered world people keep saying `` racist '' , but no one is discriminating muslims . 
  people are just scared of what will happen when extremists become too powerful in europe . 
  i personally do n't think it will go that far though . 
  you keep spamming that sub . 
  starting to smell like bacon . 
  i will have to look it up , but a psychology student once told how this works . 
  he comes from colombia himself . 
  as example , he told me that he used to despise reggaeton , but ever since he came to the netherlands he 's started to actually like it . 
  stupid example , but there is a name for it . 
  i shall not rest until i have found it !, 
  op will deliver !, 
  edit : i ca n't find it ... :(, 
   why would i care about who started it ? 
  and if anything it were the muslims conquering iberia . 
  what i mean to say is that `` we '' are just as hostile to `` them '' as `` they '' are to `` us '' . 
   those who put integrating above their religion , are n't . 
  integration and religion have nothing to do with each other . 
  we have this nice thing in europe , called freedom of religion . 
   you 're probably of the opinion haha , this reminded me of polandball , i did n't know you actually say it like that . 
  that 's awesome   that 's a flawed argument and you know it . 
  i do n't need to like the host to crash a party if there 's free booze , especially if a few of my friends are already there . 
  no it 's not flawed . 
  would you happily go to a party where there 's no booze , little space , you ca n't sit down , where you hate all the people , despite the few mates that are present ? 
  because imo , that would be somewhat the equivalent of moving to a country of which you despise the culture . 
   osama bin laden was an educated man , but let 's hope you 're right . 
  sure he was . 
  but i hope you agree that politics in europe work slightly different than recruiting poor analphabetic young boys for your terrorist army ? 
   has it ? 
  are you sure it 's them who took a step back ? 
  i did n't say it right , i do n't mean that muslims have stopped being a `` problem '' . 
  people just stopped caring , 'cause they have better things to worry about . 
   sorry about that . 
  unfortunately the polish ingenuity finds its application regardless of the morality and legality of the act , so chain your bike carefully . 
  haha meh , big deal . 
  i steal bikes too . 
  they 're somewhat general property here in groningen . 
  it 's just that people immigrating to another country in the hope to find work they ca n't get back home , are n't always the most representable people . 
  and then all the dutch rednecks go all like `` hurr durr , look at those stupid foreign guys stealin ' our jobs and being all loud and weird and foreign ! '', 
  and the polish guys go all `` pjotr frpotska na zdrovje wodka kurva '' bla bla bla . 
  i actually had someone explain to me once on a summer job how polish would `` steal his work '' , but he was just frustrated because the polish workers worked better than he did xd, 
  true , that 's why we see a tendency of increased spiritualism and religious interest among the younger turkish generation in the netherlands . 
  but it 's common for first generation immigrants to increasingly love the culture of their homeland ( depending on their reasons for emigration of course ) .
