  ever since the beginning days of the dutch republic , peoples ' attidude towards dissident minorities was one of `` they 're not bothering us at all , so why bother them ? 
  leave them the hell be . '', 
  i hope you did n't catch the gay in your time there ? 
  now he has managed to potentially enrage an entire nation . 
  he 's getting better . 
  now we will . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't think the current displeasedness of people with germany in relation to austerity and the crisis has anything to do with germanophobia , something this strange article 's writer seems to be assuming . 
  first rule of the war . 
  jesus christ , you again ? 
  go away . 
  i think marriage equality is a stupid name . 
  it 's a marriage , of two homosexual people . 
  a freaking gay marriage . 
  i wish people would n't focus on political correctness so much , it 's silly . 
  jesus man , this thread is twelve days old . 
  because it 's the ultimate way to let people know you 're an unemployed douchebag . 
  of course , but i thought the whole gabber thing was pretty much gone ? 
  in any case not really worth mentioning as a con for living somewhere . 
   even though we did not speak a word of italian that 's ok , even if you did you would n't have been able to understand what the hell people on the streets were saying  most people i know there only speak italian when they really have to , and even then with such a thick accent that it still sounds like a different language . 
  neapolitans are indeed incredibly fantastic . 
  they live in one of the shittiest places in italy , but they enjoy life to the max , and are really in my opinion the friendliest and happiest people one can ever meet . 
  last year , i was there with a couple of friends . 
  we were sitting on a bench alongside a road , and one of my friends was smoking . 
  suddenly , a car randomly stopped in the middle of the road , a guy got out ( leaving the door open and the engine running ) , walked up to us , asked for a light , lit his cigarette and got back in his car . 
  we laughed our asses off . 
  naples is also the only city where i ever saw a fucking paramedic being stuck in traffic with the sirens on . 
  when italians go out , they do n't party . 
  they just hang out . 
  i like football . 
  another nice excuse to get shitfaced drunk . 
  you should look up what they say about us . 
  americans seem to think we are all cold , distant , assholes . 
  my family is from naples , and i love the city , though i would n't describe naples as a `` happy '' city . 
  you 'll have a hard time finding a people that 's friendlier , funnier and more cheerful , but that 's more some sort of denial . 
  fundamentally , naples is a beautiful though intensely sad city . 
  so do jewish girls who lived seventy years ago . 
  nul twinting !, 
  do you know why ? 
  i mean , london and berlin are just as far up north as amsterdam . 
  good . 
  then many of those annoying noisy drug tourist will come to you , and our politicians will start worrying about things that actually matter and leave our precious coffeeshops alone . 
   this whole hardcore/gabber techno and happy hardcore thing . 
  it 's silly , infantile , but somehow cute . 
  ... they still have that there ? 
  but standard german is younger than dutch . 
  you 'll find that german is a lot easier to master than dutch grammar . 
  i think it 's mostly because german grammar actually makes sense . 
  i 'm from overijssel , and i have absolutely no trouble understanding plattd\u00fc\u00fctsch . 
  it 's basically what people speak here , but with a weird spelling and different accent . 
  i 'm talking about [ dialect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xje23yc_wke ) of course , dutch is different , but still pretty similar . 
  i do n't know how i should pronounce all this stuff d :, 
  and there are also germany and italy . 
  do you realize that the average joe in the netherlands reads about the european economy , discusses his or her opinion of it with someone for two minutes , and then goes on with the day , forgetting all about it ? 
  so i do n't know where this frustration towards the dutch people comes from . 
  it 's the governments who keep screwing up . 
  netherlands stronk . 
  we have been for a while now ... 
  you say that now . 
  and i say it too . 
  but you have to keep in mind people had been terrorized by germans for years . 
  i mixed it up myself once , too . 
  i was on vacation when i heard a couple of danish people talking . 
  i kept trying to understand what the hell they where saying , until i realized they were n't dutch ... 
  i never know which fucking state it is about . 
  til the netherlands , belgium and northern france are central europe . 
  see , that 's one of the stories you never hear in patriotic propaganda ( or history , call it whatever you want ) . 
  though deporting them was actually quite merciful , considering . 
  they did way worse things to collaborators and ` moffenliefjes ' . 
  well as for that extra territory for the netherlands , that was the actual plan . 
  america denied the request because they felt the german people had gone through enough . 
  not quite sure . 
  i ca n't imagine them being very big there . 
  zwolle is not really bible belt , like kampen ( where i 'm from ) . 
  cu is the biggest party in kampen ; _ ; they 've only just started debating about it , but it boils down to everyone being sick of the organized crime coming with illegal weed production . 
  most want to let the city do it , and cda and cu think prohibition and education is the right solution . 
  if everything goes well , there will be a normal weed economy in zwolle and hopefully the rest of the country will take it as an example . 
  yes . 
  those who would care are not that aware of it if you ask me . 
  in zwolle they want to put an end to the achterdeurpolitiek and start regulating the growing and distribution of weed . 
  only cda and cu are against it , so that should be alright . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  well then teach me your ways , oh intelligent one . 
  i guess i should start by praying to our lord and shepherd ? 
  there is also a substantial number of van dijk 's . 
  yes , all of those ( and other ) names did . 
  yeah , joke is not really the right word , but i could n't think of a better way of expressing myself . 
  that 's why i referred to usernames on reddit . 
  that was a better example . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i meant poes as name for the cat . 
  it means ( female ) cat . 
  when napoleon ordered that everybody in the netherlands had to have a surname , some people did n't feel for it and believed it to be a temporary thing . 
  so they made up joke names , kinda like redditors choose their usernames . 
  some examples are naaktgeboren ( born naked ) piel ( penis ) poepje ( shit ) aardappel ( potatoe ) modder ( mud ) pannekoek ( pancake ) sukkel ( sucker/dumbass/loser ) zweet ( sweat ) van eenennaam ( a name ) tietjens ( titties ) van achteren ( from behind ) de vos van steenwijk genaamd van essen ( de fox from steenwijk named van essen ), 
  lol, 
  that 's the idea . 
  i 'm sorry , i was sarcastically repeating feint1 . 
  guess i should work on my internet sarcasm . 
  my old english teacher thought this too .
