  i 'm not talking about the comments . 
  there are clearly people freaking out over this , otherwise it would n't be an issue and this article would n't have been written , 
  i know right ? 
  so annoying !, 
  same with dutch , as a matter of fact . 
  there exist no conversations among dutch people where the word ` kut ' is n't mentioned every two sentences . 
  i believe most people do n't even notice it anymore . 
  edit : i must note that i 'm a student . 
  it could be different with people that are older . 
  why are people freaking out over this ? 
  why is eating a cat ( aside from the fact that i would never be able to 'cause they are so cute and fantastic and precious ) morally different from eating a cow ? 
  or a pig ? 
  or a sheep ? 
  or a chicken ? 
  or a turkey ? 
  or a rabbit ? 
  or a deer ? 
  i seriously doubt he 's dutch , since he pronounces all the dutch words and names with a heavy english accent , 
  no , we pronounce the `` ch '' quite like your `` j '' . 
  i 'm sorry man , did n't mean to offend you . 
  i was just kidding . 
  thought you where serious ... : s, 
  you got some issues man . 
  it 's worse with dutch , i think . 
  we speak a weird mix of dutch/english/french / german/italian/turkish / various dialects . 
  you guys had your part in world news , now it 's time to take it easy , 
   holland well if you look closely , you 'll see that `` holland '' does have the highest density of sightings in the netherlands . 
  not wanting to contribute to any national stereotypes here , but i just was n't extremely surprised that somewhat the most arrogant and elitist comment in this thread came from a brit :p, 
   i 'm talking specifically ger/fra/ch here but in general i am sure that this is quite similar for the rest . 
  - __ - are you fucking kidding ? 
   i 'm talking specifically ger/fra/ch here but in general i am sure that this is quite similar for the rest . 
  - __ - are you fucking kidding ? 
  true that , but i think most dutch are as well ( except for those living in our own little bible belt . 
  guess where i 'm from ? 
  yay ! ), 
  nope , not a chance . 
  ever been to a protestant service ? 
  child trauma !, 
  standing up , sitting down , standing up , sitting down , standing up , sitting down . 
  i prefer to lay down at christmas morning . 
  i go to the cinemas when i feel it 's storytime , 
  that 's a lot of sightings in belgium . 
  ca n't be coincidence . 
  come to the netherlands . 
  most women i know absolutely * hate * that kind of flirting . 
  do n't do it . 
  yeah , i thought so already . 
  foolish of me . 
  anyway , we do n't say kerstmis . 
  dutch like to abbreviate everything . 
  you guys speak way more correct and original dutch than we do . 
  no , kerst does n't mean christ . 
  but a mis is a catholic service ( i believe it 's mas in english ? ) . 
  so the kerst-mis is the mas for christmas . 
  i 'm just speculating though , i could be talking total nonsense . 
  are you shitting me ? 
  no , i think it 's just because ` kerstmis ' does n't roll off the tongue that easy in a sentence . 
  or because ` mis ' has too much of a religious connotation ? 
  i do n't know , actually . 
  north-western europe : j\u00f3l jul christmas kerstmis weihnachten lol , hipster germany . 
  well that 's better than the dutch word . 
  the `` kerstening '' was the period where the frankish would conquer the saxons and frisians and torture and genocide them ( not sure if that 's a verb , but screw it ) until they would become christian . 
  happy christmas !, 
  no one says kerstmis anymore in the netherlands ; in everyday conversation , it 's just kerst . 
  and you genuinely believe your government fears you ? 
  come on ... 
  * diederik stapel, 
  yes of course . 
  neither did the stoicists . 
  i have to admit though that i 'm very high and that my greek philosophy classes are some time ago . 
  i ca n't recall who did believe it . 
  edit : pythagoras among others . 
  wow , how do you pay for all that ? 
  oh i did n't really see anyone else doing it . 
  so since when do we measure the highest number of casualties as the greatest achievement ? 
  if that is the case the russians won the war pretty much single-handedly . 
  dude , just cut it out , now you 're just starting to repeating yourself . 
  it 's clear that many people do n't think he 's guilty to begin with . 
  so if you believe that , it does n't matter what the court is going to say . 
  as said , all the facts have been leaked already , so it 's not like people other than a judge are n't qualified to try and interpret those fact , or that there are things missing from the picture . 
  what you 're basically arguing is that people should n't think for themselves until the ` moral authorities '' have decided for us whether we should hate him or love him . 
  unless he gives a confession , all a court does is interpreting the facts , like anyone is free to , and then decide whether or not he should be punished . 
  * that 's * not up to us . 
  but for the rest people are free to think for themselves , are n't they ? 
  but it * is * a religion . 
  interesting . 
  so the history between the czechs and the austrian habsburgs is kind of similar to that between the dutch and the spanish habsburgs . 
  they , too , tried to forcefully impose catholicism on a protestant people . 
  our country 's safety nets actually did n't came to be democratically at all . 
  piet lieftinck , the minister of finance after the second world war , clamped down mercilessly on people 's capital in a way more befitting a dictator than a democratic politician . 
  he was extremely unpopular , but he did help restore the dutch economy and layed the basis for the welfare state . 
  i agree with / u/perseus0806 , it 's something i think about every now and then as well . 
  for at least the last 15 years , our various governments seemed to have been more concerned with ensuring they get reelected than actually doing something to help this country . 
  waitwaitwaitwait wait . 
  let me see if i 'm getting this straight ( heh ) . 
  so because people do n't like men acting ` feminine ' they dislike other gay people as well . 
  and your solution is that people should n't ` frown on ' gay people in general , but only specifically on feminine gays instead ? 
  luckily they do n't * have * to be frowned upon by society : they simply should stop being who they are ? 
  this does n't sound very healthy to me , or tolerant . 
  you criticize dutch tolerance for being indifference under the guise of tolerance .
