  it happened to me , 
  wait , you were retarded , so you blame the website ... ? 
  most hackers keep their accounts at dmg/le levels . 
  also lots of smfc/ge smurfs in those ranks . 
  that 's the big hump to get through . 
  - shroud + sick, 
  the hump on the 403 is a bit higher making the mouse overall fatter and fuller . 
  i personally prefer that . 
  so is there a way to calculate what i would have to change my sensitivity to in order to match the two ? 
  jeopardize the integrity of an entire online community ? 
  lulz no big deal fellow kidz , tifu , thats a hard xd, 
  pedophiles are usually liberals so its okay because they are on the same side . 
  it 's almost like you 're watching wrestling . 
  tfw you never thought you would miss the old fnatic ... 
  wow , that 's never happened before !, 
  it 's wrestling , not mma . 
  sit back and enjoy the show . 
  maybe if brazilians stopped cheating , then every other thread on this sub would n't be about brazilian players ? 
  i get it , the scene is done taking itself seriously though . 
  fair play does n't get views . 
  storylines do . 
  who has toggled the least so far this match that will be toggling in the upcoming round . 
  cause that makes total sense ... 
  we can only hope . 
  i 've played with/against morrifyy a number of times . 
  i think he will hang in rank s fine . 
  the faze guys are laying low because everyone miraculously forgot that they own wild , so they do n't want to jinx it . 
  try to suck the least amount possible . 
  if you suck , do n't be a dick about it . 
  of course it 's a woman ... 
  fuck ohio state . 
  that 's all . 
  touche , probably not long enough , but 2@400 dpi is 2@400 dpi . 
  i do n't understand how the difference can be that intense . 
  the point of it is to be packed . 
  dm servers train your reflexes more than your aim . 
  the scroll wheel is kind of shit but the side buttons are just fine . 
  the light can not be turned off but its not that bright . 
  i never notice it . 
  clemson is playing in arizona , and i have game tickets , a car , a hotel and a flight to arizona but i ca n't find a way to get back on the east coast for anything remotely reasonable . 
  i 'm particularly salty about this one because the only reason osu is not # 4 is that the cfp is trying for a bama/osu national championship . 
  i want to see full chaos , but there is this sinking feeling inside me that this will be a completely one sided blowout . 
  you won michigan on a call and barely squeaked by wisconsin in overtime . 
  oklahoma is your only convincing win out of those three . 
  also you lost to penn state and just barely beat unranked michigan state . 
  your fandom is showing . 
  ohio state sells tickets and boosts ratings . 
  y' all are the cowboys of college football . 
  a bama/osu rematch is even bigger tv executive boner level than the bama/oregon championship game that never happened a few seasons ago . 
  bold statement when you did n't even make it to the big 10 championship . 
  ] ( http://e.lvme.me/v8ccqht.jpg ), 
  conference champions bruh . 
  except everyone in the top 4 won their conference , except for you . 
  if the situation we have right now was identical with the only difference being michigan won and is # 3 instead of ohio , you and your entire bandwagon would be losing your shit and bitching about unfairness . 
  half life 3 is n't happening . 
  valve does n't make games anymore . 
  get over it . 
  anyone but sk . 
  best solution ? 
  delete mei from the game . 
  hacking and smurfing have ruined silver and nova matchmaking . 
  rank decay is a pretty insignificant in that aspect . 
  oh no faceit are coming after your anime porn, 
  you assume people hack because they want to get to higher ranks . 
  many hackers keep their accounts at a certain level . 
  dmg is the big hacker/smurf hurdle to get over . 
  all those sound like true statements . 
  i think you underestimate the sheer insane amount of cases opened . 
  i get you on the expensive skins , but hours do n't mean anything anymore . 
  you can buy accounts with 1000 + hours for like $ 10 . 
  it does n't exist anymore . 
  40 + yeah , but accounts with like 15 games , the other games are usually free to play titles on the steam store with 0.1 hours played . 
  cs : go transactions make valve some 186 $ million a year and yet the game sees next to zero developer time . 
  all that money gets thrown into their pet vr gimmick projects . 
  so yeah , i 'm fine with it too if it enables long term support but when that support is non-existent , you just feel milked . 
  ahhhhh yessssss , the hairy asshole of college football -- ohio fucking state university . 
  if there 's ever been a less likeable group of people to exist on the planet , i am yet to hear of it . 
  even the nazis had the whole `` at least we 're not from ohio '' thing going for them . 
  24 of america 's astronauts have been from ohio . 
  what is it about your meth fed rusty bucket of a state that makes people go `` i need to get off this entire planet '' ?!, 
  isis flew over to bomb ohio and ended up starting a gofundme to help them out a bit instead . 
  girls from ohio are so busted , even bill cosby said no . 
  ben roethlisberger took one for the team though ... 
  the only difference between them and the clemson dairy cows is about 40lbs , but we 've been grain feeding the cows , so maybe they can catch up . 
  i keep hearing this joke that always starts with `` why did the ohio state player cross the road ? '' and it 's completely lost on me because i spend the whole time thinking `` why is the ohio state player out of jail ... ? '' ohio state is that one uncle at your thanksgiving party who brings a can of cranberry jelly and does n't care if the turkey is overcooked , and is also a cowboys fan , even though he 's never been to texas . 
  ohio chili is to chili what the browns are to the nfl . 
  i do n't know what is wrong with urban meyer that he went from coaching florida to coaching ohio state , but he looks like the kind of guy that drinks soy milk . 
  wow , congratulations , you beat michigan by one score on a shitty call . 
  jim harbaugh is not even the best coach in his family , and i have more picks in my two hand touch beer league than jabrill peppers has in his entire college career !, 
  keep drinking that 3.2 % beer while pretending you actually went to ohio state . 
  your fanbase makes alabama 's look hometown and dedicated . 
  time to go earn my osu engineering degree by finishing this here lego set . 
  love , [ your # 1 fan ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/08/03/article-0-0d4884a600000578-360_634x655.jpg ), 
  eat shit pitt and its called soda . 
  underrated but amazing burn . 
  valve uses anti-cheat as a profit tool rather than to actually combat cheaters . 
  detect a cheat every 3-6 months or so , release ban wave , put game on sale , boost quarterly financial statements . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  no decision that valve has made in the last 4-5 years or so has had anything but profit margin as the driving factor . 
  none of those are races ... ... ... ...
