  there is also a topic on every hack forum to reply to any cheater threads with `` i never see any hackers '' to keep the heat low . 
  make an actual barrier to competitive . 
  you can be rank 3 in 4 hours . 
  in lol you need to play unranked for months before you can play ranked . 
  i love to hack on alts . 
  never get banned , free extra drops , salt all around . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  just get a hack bro . 
  you wo n't get banned . 
  if you somehow do , i 'll send you over another account . 
  so your friends should n't have to learn the game prior to getting into competitive ? 
  as someone who plays to win , i think i deserve people who have had more than one day to learn the basics on my team . 
  do you like playing against hackers ? 
  if no , then yes , esea is worth it . 
  one guy mined 3k worth of coins one time . 
  it had nothing to do with esea management . 
  they paid a shit ton in settlement after it was discovered . 
  get over it . 
  imagine the shitstorm if it turned out to be true . 
  even if valve caught someone , they would n't release it . 
  the blow to the scene would be too big . 
  what was the point of valve even making a controller in the first place ? 
  instead of supporting their games , they are wheeling their desks around and trying to reinvent the wheel . 
  i hope saudi arabia finishes their giant skyscraper and then donald trump flies two planes into it . 
  people who actually know how to play are leaving mm in droves . 
  what you 're left with is total shit tier and hackers . 
  wow he 's so brave . 
  kind of ? 
  she 's super hot . 
  if anyone thinks these boys are ever going to look back on this and be like `` omg i am so victimized '' they are absolutely wrong . 
  not even close . 
  cruz is the anti-gay marriage , anti-abortion baby boomer retiree poster boy . 
  he 's everything they could ask for in a candidate . 
  not really . 
  people make 16 year olds to be these brainless retarded creatures incapable of coherent thought and calculated action . 
  that 's not really the case ... 
  no street access so you 're safer when baltimore decides to try and burn itself down again . 
  who actually cares about mm rank anymore ? 
  all that 's left in mm is smurfs , hackers and a handful of losers with their head in the sand about who they are playing against . 
  ranks do n't matter . 
  quit being poor and play esea . 
  another magazine would be fantastic ... 
  if you 're at that level and not playing esea , you 're doing it wrong . 
  the age of the person that wrote this ends in `` teen '' . 
  where do you get your data that actual cheaters are very rare ? 
  vac has n't been updated in 14 months . 
  according to the over watch bot , there is a cheater in 1 out of every 3 games . 
  my hack account has so many hours on it that it 's starting to look legit and is still unbanned . 
  cheaters are not as rare as you like to believe . 
  i hate pre-adulthood male laughs . 
  you know that squeaky , cracky snicker ? 
  why is shox a must have ? 
  why would valve care ? 
  hackers make them money . 
  stop being poor and buy esea . 
  he 's a diva . 
  he has n't played at that level since ldlc . 
  and he 's way difficult to have on a team personality wise . 
  the steam controller is such a useless piece of shit . 
  literally valve devs just fucking around trying to reinvent the wheel . 
  but muh friends !!!!!, 
  i only smurf to queue up with my friends !!!!, 
  keep away from muh firnds !!!, 
  start hacking . 
  just start hacking dude . 
  you 'd be surprised how relaxing it is . 
  save the tryhard for esea . 
  the know me for my one taps . 
  as dmg/le , i do better in esea than mm . 
  would be awesome , but no , he 's not dead . 
  lolyou counts as a person now ? 
  14 months since last real vac update . 
  it 's hack heaven , 
  start hacking dude . 
  never been a better time to . 
  valve approved . 
  yes , its called $ 7 . 
  stop being poor . 
  do n't talk to my wife 's son like that . 
  fat girls are steaming with rage right now . 
  i have a fn flip tiger tooth if you are interested . 
  keys only , or open to items ? 
  on mobile at the moment , i will send you the info when i have access to a computer . 
  lowball blocked , go fast men  ) ), 
  i have no idea how anyone makes profit ever . 
  interested in items with overpay ? 
  fn marble fade flip tricolor + fn tiger tooth flip ( 179k sa value ) 2:1 ? 
  fn marble fade flip tricolor + fn tiger tooth flip ( 179k sa value ) 2:1 for the kara ? 
  offering 0.09 mw medusa + adds for one of your kara marble fades, 
  mw 0.09 medusa + adds ? 
  fn marble fade flip tricolor + fn tiger tooth flip ( 179k sa value ) 2:1 for the kara ? 
  will throw in some minor adds as well . 
  i am interested . 
  make an offer and pick adds from my inv . 
  [ trade link ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=38607669&amp;token=r2yvk_h0 ) my trade link, 
  sent item offer with hefty overpay . 
  she asked for it . 
  why go through the trouble of listing all the prices when you can jus say `` looking for 80-83 % quick sells '' ? 
  it 's nothing special float or pattern wise . 
  low 200s,
