  i would reflect on the way i reacted or acted in certain situation and ask myself `` is that flat face ? '', 
  if not , i adjusted . 
  it 's not really force of will , but more force of habit . 
  reflect on how you present yourself to others , do you have a temper , do you tend to pout/sulk , are you unconditionally friendly to everyone , etc. 
  only open doors you are ready to see the other side of . 
  long . 
  your hair looks good the way it is now . 
  also there is a huge length difference between what you have and what you posted . 
  you can still go shorter and not chop off everything . 
  also decent ass . 
  and clean up your room . 
  why would i be humble ? 
  honest question , as i 've never used a camgirl . 
  why would i do it ? 
  there is free porn everywhere . 
  if i wanted a more personal experience , i could just go to the strip club and actually get to play with some titties , feel some skin , whatever . 
  what is the appeal ? 
  how does this keep existing as an industry ? 
  female , however it 's a unique case . 
  this particular hair stylist has been working with male clients in a barber shop her whole career . 
  she knows what she is doing and can add that `` i know how to make you look good '' touch . 
  otherwise , a gay guy is where its at . 
  all of you sound like major douches . 
  why is your bro 's hitting anyone ? 
  guy trying to steal your car keys ? 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  high school in backwoods west virginia ? 
  grow the fuck up . 
  i have a strong opinion that civ 4 would not have been as massively popular and become a video game culture icon if it did n't have baba yetu . 
  super controversial opinion on reddit , but valve is really kind of a shit company . 
  they really do nothing . 
  ever . 
  and when they do something it 's entirely on valve time . 
  they are hailed as the second coming of true video games , but in reality they are so corporate and profit driven that they make ea look user friendly . 
  cs : go will always get the bare minimum it takes to sell cases . 
  nothing more . 
  hear hear . 
  act normal and calm until he crosses the line . 
  when he does cross the line , leave . 
  you are an adult . 
  get in your car , drive home , hit up a strip club or casino along the way and move past it . 
  if you let it get physical , no matter how right you are , you end up being the asshole . 
  besides , the groom and best man should have the party under control i would think . 
  you fucked up though , you could have avoided all this by not befriending these people in the first place . 
  well then you double fucked up because the groom will indubitably take his side . 
  either skip the party or be prepared to leave . 
  my so is a solid 10 , but that changes nothing about me wanting to fuck anything above a 7 . 
  i forget the exact ron white quote but the tl ; dr is that once you 've seen one set of boobs , you want to see all the pairs of boobs . 
  it 's also a side effect of being in my late 20s and sexual prime . 
  i am a walking lake of testosterone . 
  i ca n't help it . 
  i just put it in the back of my mind and remember what i have waiting for me at home . 
  that being said , i do n't think you are in love . 
  not with the way you are talking about your current gf and the way you are talking about the other girl . 
  you simply like your current gf and are still with her because of convenience . 
  if that is true , and you do n't think she will be your final choice , then yea you probably should explore . 
  lastly , there is a ton of grass is greener here . 
  just because you break up with your gf does n't mean all these other girls will want to sleep with you all the sudden . 
  i dunno how you can get a bigger red flag than that , other than her bringing her kid on your first date or something . 
  what are you thinking ? 
   is this relationship sustainable ? 
  break up . 
  1 ) rate yourself physically on a scale of 1-10 . 
  be honest . 
  2 ) if the answer to # 1 is 5 + , chances are you are coming off as desperate , which is why the guys you get together with distance themselves from you . 
  are you coming on too fast ? 
  are you clingy ? 
  this further confirms my theory that if you get calibrated below 2.5 k you never get out . 
  nah , but she knows i 'd be okay playing with her cousin 's tittays . 
  it 's casual , she knows i do n't mean anything by it and i like to push her buttons . 
  i think ? 
  i have n't been hunting in a while . 
  makes no difference . 
  i 'm here to answer questions . 
  you wo n't get good boots at that price range . 
  up it too $ 200 , then snipe sales on red wings or chippewas . 
  i used to believe all people are inherently good and become bad through life choices and events that shape them in that way . 
  this is in fact not true . 
  many people are born devils . 
  you 're fighting a losing battle . 
  your chances of success are very low . 
  just quick , simple and casual `` hey i 'm thinking about going to xxxx ( pick a spot that you know is convenient for her and she 'd be interested in ) . 
  wan na come along and catch up ? '', 
  the most consistent success i 've had in the trench so far is when i play a solo hero and be a selfish prick about farm . 
  i 'll even mute the rest of the team sometimes . 
  i play something like sb or riki or np , sometimes nyx and just keep the opposite team 's carries so unfarmed that no bad how my team is , they eventually get their shit together and push . 
  if sex did n't exist , would men and women ever make an effort to interact ... 
  the builds are guidelines . 
  you stop using them when you start to build your hero reactively . 
  for example , if the enemy team has a massive amount of magic damage , maybe you build pipe first , even though mek is on the guide . 
  if they have a pa , maybe you prioritize silver edge first . 
  quit making it as if you were n't an active participant in this . 
  bloodseeker and tusk are absolute pub cancer . 
  see ?!?!?!, 
  my point exactly . 
  wants to play with people that speak same language = xenophobic . 
  `` anything i disagree with is wrong and needs to be removed . '', 
  they are exs for a reason . 
  `` i decide who is entitled to what . '', 
  i really do n't care about the fringe culture subreddits , such as / r/coontown or / r/beatingwomen , i just know a lot of gray area subs are going to go down just because people disagree with them .
