  you are employees of my organization , i hire you to do a job , not to be friends . 
  * require time logs . 
  you are to report to me how much you played and how you spent that time . 
  you must play a minimum of 40 hours a week . 
  i do n't care if you spent it in pugs , in dm , playing arms race , whatever . 
  * team practice 5 days a week , no questions asked . 
  * set times the team is online . 
  everyone plays from 10-6 . 
  whatever . 
  you have a minimum set time that you and your teammates must be on and playing together . 
  * stream ethics . 
  while you are streaming , you are at your job and you are to behave accordingly . 
  no leaks , no drama , no bullshit . 
  because student performance is racist and does n't take into account the hardships that one has had to endure that have set them back educationally . 
  not even joking , it really is like this . 
  99 % sure op is a srs plant trying to get / r/the _ donald banned . 
  brute is an asshole . 
  just forget the map exists and move on . 
  this game is so fun , i wish it did n't look so shit graphically . 
  you ca n't look cool without paying for it . 
  finally , a game to make valve actually have to compete with something . 
  trigglypuff plays cs : go ? 
  must be one of the furries ... 
  just buff the armor penetration of the glock . 
  not at all . 
  the glock has a 47.5 % armor penetration . 
  the p250 has a 77.65 % armor penetration . 
  there is plenty of room in there to buff the glock without making it a p250 . 
  institutional . 
  lead . 
  paint . 
  one deranged white guy shoots up a black church - time to wipe away an entire period of history . 
  hundreds of muslims kill thousands of innocent people each year - #notallmuslims . 
  the mods hack . 
  this has been an openly known thing for a while . 
  well free love was the pinnacle of degeneracy so it makes sense . 
  i suggested this like last week for na teams and got shat on and called `` middle management '', 
  the whole message of third wave feminism is `` it 's our turn . '', 
  okay , i 'm out . 
  later all . 
  now you have to explain it . 
  institutional lead fetal syndrome . 
  the nazi party was more diverse than the huffington post editorial board ... 
  psa = kill . 
  the fucking . 
  bastion . 
  the only people saying bastion is fine are bastion players . 
  bastion . 
  ez game , ez life . 
  german is a race now ? 
  til ... 
  i agree . 
  he was great . 
  entertaining , not overbearing , and sociable . 
  i hope he evolves from a streamer to a color commentator . 
  the factions are so different , the they finally feel like factions . 
  super replayable . 
  so far , really good , except that performance seems spotty during battles and battles have a tendency to devolve into mob blobs again . 
  we get it dude , you know a lot about warhammer . 
  expect the canon 12 . 
  everything else is a gw money grab , and not a major faction . 
  no sisters , no houses , no beasts , no ogres . 
  * empire, 
  * high elves, 
  * wood elves, 
  * dark elves, 
  * dwarves, 
  * orkz, 
  * vampire counts, 
  * tomb kings, 
  * skaven, 
  ah yes , coming through with what we were all after in the first place . 
  truth tastes surprisingly salty . 
  you 'll make your way back to towson eventually . 
  slap on the wrist . 
  they will be out in 15 . 
  back in at 20 . 
  i wish the guillotine would make a comeback ... 
  overwatch is great , i 've been having a blast playing as reinhardt . 
  institutional fetal lead . 
  monitors and bright lights do that . 
  also , i 'm sure he took like 3 marijuanas before the game . 
  it 's baltimore . 
  very high . 
  never islam , not even once . 
  it wo n't be anything like cs : go . 
  the game actually has a cost , and most hackers are either children or subhuman third world filth . 
  they ca n't afford to keep replacing their accounts . 
  cs : go is hacker ridden because you can get a new copy for $ 3 . 
  and littered with 4s who think they are 8s and landwhales . 
  join a rec team and go to some professional networking events around the city related to your field of work . 
  i am sure this will go great . 
  found the vegan guys . 
  eleague has been thoroughly impressive . 
  thanks so much !, 
  upper fells point is 50 % shit , 50 % semi livable space . 
  your house is closer to the 50 % shit area . 
  truth usually leaves some feelings hurt , it 's okay . 
  that was the other one that i considered actually . 
  may still get it for myself .
