  can this just stay stickied forever ? 
  you can buy prime ready accounts for like $ 2 ? 
  i can dm you some links if you want . 
  prime ready accounts are cheap as fuck . 
  do your research before you spew your ignorance . 
  i agree with you but this is valve you 're talking about here . 
  valve makes comcast look like a great company . 
  i agree , but the point is never going to change as long as valve is printing money by banning cheaters in waves and then reselling new game codes to them . 
  this has to be a troll ... 
  and people like you act like steam is the only place to get counter strike ... 
  the game is dirt cheap . 
  if it had a never changing price point of $ 60 the smurfing and cheating problems would be largely diminished . 
  this is surely way bigger than cnn threatening a 15 year old over an internet meme . 
  fuck this dude and his soapbox . 
  the taboo around steroids is beyond cancerous . 
  so like what , 0.6 % of the cheater population ? 
  in mm , both prime and non-prime ? 
  easily . 
  fuck yeah race baiting !, 
  unethical behavior requires unethical solutions . 
  cheating is unethical behavior . 
  vac is ethical . 
  therefore , vac sucks . 
  where can i read more about the possibility of never recovering after a cycle ? 
  it 's something that gets mentioned here and there on this subreddit . 
  ways to minimize that risk ? 
  how often that happens ? 
  just more info to mitigate risk as much as possible . 
  i wish a hormone my body produced naturally was n't demonized by the community at large and treated like a drug . 
  for real though , a brazilian team , owned by a german organization , in a major cs : go tournament . 
  did anyone else really expect a different outcome ... ? 
  watching fallen play makes me miss kqly . 
  is it possible to be a trainer part time with a gym ? 
  i 've been thinking about getting my certification and testing the waters as a second job , which i work to possibly make my main job depending on income . 
  if it does n't work , i 'm out like a grand which is no big deal . 
  do gyms hire part-time personal trainers though ? 
  if it failed , it was n't meant to work out in the first place . 
  do n't let it get you down . 
  sometimes . 
  i 'd fuck the bitch again , but that 's really where it ends . 
  she 's just a warm body to me , there 's no soul in there . 
  lol , she 's just fuck meat . 
  literally her only accomplishment is getting phil heath 's meat in her . 
  [ we take a trip . 
  depends on how muscular . 
  fitbody muscular ? 
  fuck yea . 
  definitely on steroids muscular ? 
  pass . 
  50 % virtue signaling . 
  50 % do n't think it matters because it 's all corrupted old people past their expiration date anyway . 
  you ca n't tell a 19 year old that some 60 + year old geezer will represent them fairly in the political world . 
  what happened ? 
  length , muscle and lack of fat . 
  this is a trap thread . 
  `` nothing of me is original . 
  i am the combined effort of everybody i 've ever known . '', 
  it 's not one point . 
  it 's a whole process . 
  hey guys did you know this guy has a hot girlfriend ? 
  honestly pretty indifferent . 
  i do n't consider her a sentient being , so it 's really whatever . 
  germans vs. brazilians , i 'm sure it was a clean , cheat-free game . 
  i 'm more pissed off about the e pick up bug that killed stewie just now . 
  lol he 's doing it every round . 
  i do n't care about cloud 9 at all , but nex is just playing like a shitstain . 
  german cs bruh , what do you expect ? 
  no more majors in krakow sounds great to me . 
  so will they push games back ? 
  there is no way they finish out day 2 with the current delays . 
  majors in first world countries died for this . 
  sounds like it . 
  playing 1920 on integrated graphics lul . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  no more third world majors sounds lovely to me honestly . 
  serious thought , if i was an na pro swimming in money from streaming and contracts , and i had to play at 50fps with no internet in some third world country , i would n't care about tournament performance either ... 
  you mean a romanian company hosting a major online event in poland is a bad idea ?!, 
  holy shit , someone call the press !, 
  did someone say new music kits ? 
  to do what ? 
  heaven forbid patching bugs before having major tournaments ... 
  clearly a great and respectable organization . 
  german cs orgs showing us why stereotypes exist . 
  sweet , does n't change that a t3 team is 2-0 in a major by abusing a bug on a map where said bug is gamebreaking . 
  probably tired as fuck . 
  they are hot ? 
  these comments are sure to be great . 
  i 'm confused , what 's your question ? 
  the sex is great . 
  i doubt anyone openly prefers trashy women for relationships though ... 
  get a hobby ( one hobby ) and become the best you can possibly be at it . 
  counter strike , skeet/trap shooting , rock climbing , etc. 
  sorry , i 'm retarded . 
  your numbers look great , so if that 's the program that is getting you there stick with it man . 
  those squat numbers are no joke . 
  true anger , rarely . 
  however i default to anger when expressing other emotions sometimes and it bites me in the ass . 
  are you going for aesthetics or power in the long term ? 
  a 5 plate squat is like powerlifter territory .
