  that makes me sad . 
  it should make you sad too . 
  just because you disagree with someone 's viewpoint does not make you right or them wrong . 
  i really do n't care about the fringe culture subreddits , such as / r/coontown or / r/beatingwomen , i just know a lot of gray area subs are going to go down just because people disagree with them . 
  that makes me sad . 
  it should make you sad too . 
  just because you disagree with someone 's viewpoint does not make you right or them wrong . 
  haha whatever floats your boat sweetheart , i do n't care about the hate subs . 
  it 's the subs in the gray area that are gon na get banned that i 'm butthurt about . 
  often . 
  you never win in the long run . 
  however if i could pick a thing that i could do forever and never complain , it would be to play blackjack . 
  just do n't have the capital or skill to make it a living . 
  i tried to get past your wall of text , but i could n't . 
  the bottom line is every woman you meet in life with fuck you over with 100 % certainty over a long enough timeline . 
  you will fuck her over too . 
  it 's human nature to err . 
  you ca n't control it . 
  she will do what she will do and no action you take or do n't take , no word you say or do n't say , nothing you do or do n't will stop her . 
  enjoy the moment if it 's good and do n't worry about possibilities . 
  a big problem in the trench is that you are often faced with 5 carry teams . 
  the problem here is that given enough time , the other team will eventually overpower you , because even if you keep their farm low , they still slowly farm themselves up . 
  to counter this , you need to end the game fast . 
  unfortunately , no low mmr game ends fast because players are afraid to take advantage of opportunities . 
  for example , you may have 4 people down on the other team and instead of pushing , your team will retreat and farm the jungle . 
  it 's like they feel they need to have x items before they can push . 
  this happens once or twice and even if you won the teamfight , you lost some people so the enemy 's carries have been able to get * some * farm and start to overpower you . 
  end result - you lost in minute 58 to a fully farmed am , pa , viper , bs , tusk . 
  i think the point here is that logic does n't always work . 
  many games , you are playing with barely sentient beings . 
  the advice of `` be friendly to your team and try to lead them '' is unrealistic . 
  do n't tell me how to work with my team . 
  tell me how to create a big enough impact on my own that i win the game despite my team . 
  it does . 
  it always will . 
  this subreddit loves to cuck out when it comes to infidelity . 
  be strong . 
  do n't falter . 
  be good to your kids . 
  your wife can go fuck herself . 
  you 're at war now motherfucker . 
  if you falter , you will be crushed - financially , emotionally , physically , mentally , in every way you can imagine . 
  do you really want to risk this ?!, 
  every time a positive thought about your wife tries to sneak into your head , close your eyes and picture her blowing another guy . 
  that should work most times . 
  hi mr. huffman ,, 
  my question is simple . 
  assuming you go through with a ban of a large amount of subreddits deemed offensive , how does not reddit become an echochamber of itself ? 
  certain large subreddits , such as / r/politics , / r/news and even smaller ones , such as / r/baltimore and / r/planetside are already one sided echochambers that moderate ( read : ban and delete ) anything that does not fit the moderator narrative or personal viewpoints . 
  if your goal was for reddit to be a place of discussion , you ca n't silence the other side . 
  if you do , it is no longer a discussion , but rather a circlejerk . 
  i am not sure what your vision for reddit is , but it ca n't be that . 
  i can understand your desire to create a safe space , but is n't that why there is functionality to hide content and unsubscribe from subreddits that one disagrees with . 
  would n't an increase in this functionality be a much less divisive solution than outright banning hundreds of subreddits ? 
  then reddit can be to anyone what they want it to be . 
  sincerely ,, 
  / u/pretty _ sunflower, 
  this gets asked like every day . 
  we have different preferences . 
  most of us prefer long hair . 
  mexicans are garbage , just play some dota and you 'll see . 
  it could be better . 
  i would travel from casino to casino , playing blackjack and hiring a hooker whenever i feel like getting laid . 
  trust no one . 
  stop assuming people are inherently good . 
  you should proceed by breaking up with her and working on growing up . 
  neither of you should have been together , ever . 
  you 're college hook up buddies , no matter how good it makes you feel to call it a relationship . 
  move on . 
  it 's on my nightstand , 
  deviantart is literally the worst possible method to host this . 
  who is brigading this ? 
  just curious . 
  i doubt that would put anyone off . 
  my advice would be not to tell anyone until you feel comfortable with them . 
  they simply do n't need to know . 
  date casually and when you find yourself going on a multiple dates with the same woman and it could have relationship potential , have the talk with her one night . 
  she will be understanding if she is a good person . 
  i 'm curious , how does it seem to come up so naturally ? 
  normally , past relationships do n't make the conversation until at least date 3-4 in my experience . 
  ah that would do it . 
  i missed it in the original post . 
  i have a scar with a similar back story in a relatively visible place . 
  when people ask i say something like `` i 'm not really comfortable talking about that '' or `` that 's a long story '' . 
  unless they have no social tact , they do n't press it further . 
  also it creates a slight sense of mystery which coupled with attraction creates curiosity . 
  but yeah , tl ; dr , i would n't divulge the information right away or to everyone . 
  if you * need * to say something , just say `` someone important to me passed away and i have this as remembrance . '', 
  no , because i am tall , but i have short friends and i see them discriminated all the time . 
  they are n't treated as men or shown any sort of respect by women . 
  we 've gotten into altercations at bars about it because i have zero problems calling girls fat in public . 
  life is a simple game . 
  you win when you stop caring about it . 
  do less . 
  he does n't actually miss you at all . 
  here is the thing lady , no matter how busy you are , it takes 10 secs out of your day to acknowledge someone . 
  his response was short and crass . 
  now , i 'm not saying he is necessarily done with you or something dramatic like that , he could be going through a tough time about something , and the walls are coming up to help deal with it . 
  i do n't know you , or this person . 
  however telling someone you miss them is not in any way under the definition of clingy behavior .
