  hold me brother . 
  good luck with that . 
  kinguin teamless after this major . 
  i do n't see faze or eg picking them up . 
  wow nip , fucking disband already . . 
  nip still blow , kinguin still a pug , nv still dominant , nothing to see here . 
  keep downvoting me , nip are garbage and need to be disbanded into the ground . 
  allu 2 kills ? 
  shit hire me . 
  i am dmg , i got this . 
  i am a dmg in na cevo and can confidently say i would perform well on current nip squad . 
  i am a dmg in na cevo and can confidently say i would perform well on the current nip squad . 
  drop the stupid name . 
  burn the whole thing down and start over . 
  the whole `` the legendary cs : go squad '' is just weighing them down . 
  they were teamless anyway . 
  kinguin is dropping them after the major no doubt . 
  faze or eg would n't pick up a team that does n't show some sort of dominance . 
  they did n't though . 
  they did n't show any special strats or surprise in any way . 
  their play was 100 % default . 
  tsm did n't play good . 
  nip just played bad . 
  i promise you i 'd get at least 4 kills . 
  i 'd be an improvement . 
  i let my ex girlfriend go to a girls ' beach trip where another ex girlfriend of mine was going to be in attendance . 
  if there is a largely noticeable difference , you need to get that fixed . 
  no woman with natural breasts has two exactly same sized breasts . 
  however if it 's drastic , you should get that repaired . 
  yes , i think so ? 
  i have a very vibrant past though . 
  are we going to see anything but overpass this major ? 
  i have literally lost $ 1000 worth of skins today . 
  fuck the major . 
  kinguin , mouz and nip, 
  is it all it 's cracked up to be ? 
  yes , but there is a lot that comes with it that you do n't usually expect . 
  overall not worth it in my opinion . 
  oh he was ready alright ... 
  everywhere you go , everything you do , there will be someone trying to take your girlfriend . 
  i literally had some old fuck offer to take her on month long trip to europe while she was standing right next to me . 
  you will have competition of the highest caliber . 
  professional sports players , millionaires , male models , you name it . 
  it 's not fun . 
  also when they are that hot they are usually crazy . 
  are you going to be drafting the vp/c9 and fnatic/navi games ? 
  your website has been down since before the games started , very few people have been able to bet or change bets , etc. 
  for as long as she saw value in me , it was fine , she let it roll off her shoulder . 
  women are value seekers though , at some point she began seeing more value in the status and money that others could offer her than in what i could offer her and she moved on to that . 
  why does economy exist in pro games ? 
  i get that it 's exciting to see a team win on an eco , but by and large whoever wins the pistol is guaranteed three consecutive rounds . 
  this is huge in the second half . 
  especially since the pistol round is largely rng anyway . 
  would n't it be a better competition of skill if players had access to everything , every round ? 
  clearly not fast enough for basic issues to be fixed though . 
  you completely missed my point . 
  i was trying to say that economy introduces way too much rng into the game because of pistol rounds ... 
  you 're right , glock strafe and spam is 100 % skill . 
  wait , what world do you live in where valve addresses fundamental problems promptly ? 
  how is the pistol round not rng ? 
  ts spam glocks and pray for headshots . 
  if they get them , they win . 
  if they do n't they lose . 
  that 's rng . 
  the run and gun placement of the glock shots is totally random within a circle . 
  my mistake , i changed it . 
  price is still right . 
  accepted . 
  going to send 80k for the karanilla , mark me as c/o please . 
  sent for kara night . 
  i want it , but i have no idea if this is a fair price . 
  is there a doppler pricing guide anywhere ? 
  this knife is 56k on market , what am i missing here ? 
  lounge is all foreign filth . 
  avoid it like the plague . 
  loaded question , but why is the cs : go community such filth ? 
  `` trading '' is more of who can scam better than actual exchange of goods . 
  full on scams are rampant . 
  i tried to buy something on op skins recently and had to send them a photo copy of my id ? 
  i can literally buy a real gun down the street easier than i can buy an in game skin . 
  and all of this to prevent from the rampant scamming . 
  c/o me as 88k for the hunstman please, 
  offering 80k for the karanilla . 
  [ trade link ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=38607669&amp;token=9s0e2bfd ), 
  sent for asiimov . 
  i know you 're firm but mark me as c/o at 80k if it does n't sell , i 'll buy it happily . 
  [ trade link ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=38607669&amp;token=9s0e2bfd ), 
  i am confused . 
  that huntsman is 90 % of market right now . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  sending 48 for the guardian and vulcan , if that works for you . 
  i 'll up his c/o to 68k ;d, 
  c/o me as 12k for cyrex , or just trade offer if you are okay with that, 
  [ trade link ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=38607669&amp;token=9s0e2bfd ), 
  added - redefined, 
  c/o me @ 80k for the karanilla please . 
  sent . 
  only have 52 left , sorry . 
  sent for awp . 
  sent .
