  too much gear too early on . 
  inb4 hipsters on reddit make small dick jokes . 
  reddit is mostly white , late 20s , upper middle class cucks . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  did they get rid of the timed mission bullshit from the standard game ? 
  i dunno who thought up that mechanic but that person needs to get fired and potentially lynched . 
  this is the most british thing i have ever read . 
  i just hope they do n't continue the `` lol drumpf '' garrison narrative in the game . 
  it got stale after a few episodes . 
  the circlejerk is in full revolution guys . 
  quick , everybody grab a dick . 
  the haircut was totally unexpected . 
  i do n't buy the stuff about the powder , but still . 
  really powerful video . 
  i disagree . 
  the last two seasons are the only ones that had a season long political satire arc . 
  older seasons are just silly bullshit in 2-3 episode story arcs with political satire sprinkled in . 
  this past season with garrison and the member berries was forced humor . 
  they shifted their focus from pop culture to politics . 
  even they recognized it was a bad move and are moving away from it for the new season . 
  i 'm just curious about the game . 
  gambling sells . 
  black ops 2 was the golden age . 
  you know the circlejerk has gone completely off the fucking planet when reddit is praising bush ... 
  kaepernick is a pr nightmare and liability to any team he 's on . 
  add that to the fact that he is a mediocre qb . 
  there is just no place for him and he can quite frankly go fuck himself for turning a great american pastime into a political circus . 
  damn , those fucking whites are at it again ? 
  colin kaepernick can eat shit and die . 
  then hopefully rise from the dead . 
  so that he can eat shit and die a second time , and i get to enjoy it twice . 
  i 'd probably rub one out to the headline . 
  the browns is where talent goes to die . 
  as long as you score more points than you scored on us . 
  how many was that again ? 
  really though , credit card fraud ? 
  i know your state is n't known for it 's classiness and sophistication but at least jameis had the couth to steal crab legs . 
  is what i was saying while watching your team make a mockery of what should have been penn state 's playoff spot . 
  i hate you but i agree . 
  the tomahawk chop is the vuvuzela of college football . 
  by queuing for mm you are signing an agreement to be cheated against . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  stop being poor and buy esea . 
  lol drumpf amirite guys ? 
  this sport is a joke . 
  i do n't get it , who the fuck actually plays ark ? 
  the game is the least optimized unfinished piece of shit ever . 
  lol get the fuck outta here , no one cheats in counter strike : global offensive . 
  the official counter strike : global offensive servers are protected by valve 's industry leading anti-cheat software - valve anti cheat \u2122 . 
  lol get the fuck outta here , no one cheats in counter strike : global offensive . 
  the official counter strike : global offensive servers are protected by valve 's industry leading anti-cheat software - valve anti cheat \u2122 . 
  you mean to tell me the sequel to a shitty cash grab is an even shittier cash grab ? 
  holy shit call the presses . 
  no wonder skin gambling is as alive and well ... 
  see if you can find more information . 
  i 'd love to write the principal an email . 
  its almost as if 0hi0 state is an overrated program huh guys ? 
  lol , this is an absolutely retarded study . 
  i have no idea about r/coontown , but when it comes to r/fatpeoplehate , we just made new accounts . 
  the original ones were shadow banned during the paopocalypse . 
  that whole episode in reddit history was a textbook example of punishing communities for `` wrongthink '' . 
  meanwhile at the same time r/picsofdeadkids was alive and kicking . 
  it 's all about the narrative . 
  punish `` wrongthink '' and anything that goes against the narrative , duh !, 
  chicks are funny guys , get over it . 
  there was never pedophilia on fph to my knowledge . 
  it was a subreddits satirizing fat acceptance culture , not this dark web thing you seem to be making it out to be . 
  it 's almost as if uc is a terrible organization that i hope gets earthquaked off the fucking planet . 
  and still not a dent in cheaters . 
  woo , progress guys . 
  closer to 30 % actually . 
  there is a cheater in one out of every three mm games . 
  did someone say crates ? 
  i lift , play some video games , end the night watching netflix . 
  it ruins it because it 's all the analysts talk about , before , during and after the game . 
  if they knelt quietly without the viewers attention being forced on that over and over and over again it would not be a big deal . 
  the kneeling is n't the issue . 
  the coverage of it is . 
  in order to ban 300000 cheaters , it must mean there were that many cheaters to begin with . 
  now think of the ones that did n't get caught . 
  i just wish they would make prime actually mean something . 
  what 's the point of prime if i 'm still facing 100 hour 1 game accounts in lem ? 
  the elderly need to be forced into elderly living communities at a certain age ... 
  you poor innocent soul ... 
  i did n't use to hate teenagers . 
  i now hate teenagers . 
  lamar jackson is an overrated heisman whose stats can be attributed to louisville 's perpetually weak schedule . 
  thats his super power . 
  sorry your state ca n't afford luxury drugs and has to resort to walmart meth . 
  i 'm gon na let you think about that one for a minute . 
  inb4 she has a bf/husband and was into you for last night and the chance wo n't appear again . 
  watching the recaps of the olympia made me miss rich even more . 
  the professional side of this lifestyle is all politics and hgh gut and bullshit . 
  rich was just a guy who wanted to be huge and smash hot plastic blondes and be happy . 
  i set out wanting to be rich piana , not phil heath . 
  raise them ? 
  we are seeing a flood of men raised by women . 
  you need men to raise men . 
  no one knows what a man is anymore . 
  we no longer fit and everyone seems to be okay with that and even talking about it is an attack on someone or something somewhere .
