  grass on the field , play ball ? 
  what is rcon and how can i learn more ? 
  you can assume that any account with sub 500 hours and sub 10 games is cheating , and you will be right more often than not . 
  most players have no idea truly how many cheaters they run into on a daily basis . 
  this subreddit . 
  that kennys + shox combo is every bit as sexy as we thought it was gon na be . 
  of course it 's a german company . 
  stereotypes continue to prove true . 
  you know we are in a weird timeline when we are discussing an event that should have put hundreds of people on the electric chair like it is a pop culture milestone . 
  bah gawd g2 , that team had a family . 
  fake news . 
  reddit told me hacks do n't exist and they 've never seen a hacker in over 5000 hours . 
  clearly you 're a fucking silver bot , and the other player just has way better game sense and is smurfing to play with his friends . 
  g2a is a mob driven money laundering machine . 
  it 's got nothing to do with games and everything to do with washing prostitution/drug/racketeering money . 
  yeah , because faceit is known for it 's amazing anti-cheat , amirite ? 
  i have n't been this excited about a team since the original dominating envyus . 
  well it 's hard when you ca n't low fov aimbot no scopes anymore ... 
  i feel for the guy . 
  hmm , i wonder how the best awper of 2016 can have such an insane dip in performance ... 
  what a mystery . 
  get_right needs to take some time off and figure his shit out . 
  a temporary solution is better than no solution . 
  anna bell peaks , the queen . 
  blowjobs that do n't lead to sex . 
  she reads my reddit account . 
  i will report on how the argument went later . 
  edit 2 , the aftermath , electric boogaloo edition, 
  `` how many times do you go down on me that does n't lead to sex ... ? '', 
  you do n't , ever . 
  every person has a line . 
  you hope they do n't reach their line and go along with that . 
  most of mm is unplayable right now . 
  in dmg/le most of my games are a 16-6 stomp one way or the other . 
  there usually is a guy with 500 hours and one game who drops 46 frags , but is not cheating because it is impossible to cheat in valve anti-cheat \u2122 technology protected official matchmaking servers \u2122 . 
  mm is just a meme . 
  i only use it to warm up before i get on esea these days . 
  b + , 10rws get at me bruh . 
  narcos, 
  just download a decent hack and go to town . 
  you wo n't get banned and you do n't have to worry about losing . 
  it 's really the best way to play right now . 
  glad we 're back to the high quality content i 'm used to getting from this sub . 
  we actually had a decent thread about people openly streaming cheats , but hey , the mods would rather us watch endless stream highlights of some rank b esea player . 
  cool . 
  did you hear about that blind guy playing in esea ? 
  i need this, 
  ca n't wait for this to be deleted to make room for more stream highlights . 
  have n't played this game in forever might be a good time to come back . 
  when does 2.0 go live ? 
  a long time ago ... 
  but then how would you get to shit on pugs with your premade and feel great about yourself ? 
  that 's what people pay for . 
  to feel superior to you . 
  i 'm pumped . 
  fired it up again after over a year yesterday and it 's amazing . 
  this is an ironic video coming from the guy that got them banned in the first place ... 
  i still own a pair of abercrombie jeans from the early days . 
  super thick denim . 
  the things were built to last forever . 
  if only their shirts did n't fit like a burlap sack : /, 
  tl ; dr - liquid is the real housewives of cs : go and a mess of team not worth your support . 
  no , it 's not . 
  just giving them space to destroy . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  2.0 is amazing . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's pure fun . 
  mm is a meme . 
  if you want a real competitive environment , play esea . 
  wow its almost as if the content is intended for adults and not underdeveloped adolescents . 
  but yes , let 's blame the prom , not shitty parenting . 
  actually no , but good try . 
  this one really stings . 
  how is it that scott weiland and chris cornell are dead , but axl rose and brett michaels are still alive ... ? 
  turned out it was an intentional attack . 
  fucking disgusting person you are . 
  most of this subreddit is composed of 13-16 meme lords . 
  what do you expect ? 
  current lifts, 
  press - 165, 
  bench - 265, 
  deadlift - 425, 
  squat - 315, 
  switch to 5/3/1 or maintain ss ? 
  i 'm around 215-220 . :(, 
  also those are 1rm, 
  the parent trying to feed a family of 4 on a stagnant wage in an economically shitty market could n't care less if they raped each individual chicken before slaughtering it . 
  and i understand that . 
  do socialists not eat meat ... ? 
  how much promising talent will nip kill !? 
  more at 11 !, 
  things this will change : 0 . 
  but hey you made a sign so you get to feel like you made a difference . 
  props to you !, 
  you can reclaim the holy land . 
  that 's a start . 
  is this the one that finally brings him down ? 
  celebrating i guess . 
  you have inadvertently become your own cake police .
