  what grip are you using when you bench ? 
  you may want to get wrist wraps for extra support . 
  easily what i consider the game of my lifetime so far . 
  nothing will ever surpass it i think . 
  fuck the fda . 
  i could write an essay but i wo n't . 
  just fuck them and their corrupt racketeering sham of an organization . 
  fuck the guy the guy who was doing 145 barbell rows in the only squat rack at the gym the other day . 
  fuck the latina gym bunny with the dds who was `` stretching her back '' after every set of 15lb dumbell rows literally 2ft in front of me . 
  like what are you trying to accomplish ? 
  yeah , i checked you out , you 're hot , we 're past that now . 
  you 're seeking attention and i 'm just trying to be the first guy at my gym to db bench press with the big ones . 
  fuck my gym nemesis . 
  do n't act like you do n't have one . 
  the guy who is always mean mugging my sets . 
  bro , nice fucking beard , congratulations on figuring out how men 's hair dye works . 
  i outlift you any day of the week . 
  get out of here with your half reps and not even 90 degree squats . 
  fuck commercial gym trainers . 
  i 'm asking for proper form on sumo deadlifts and he 's lecturing me about how this exercise is not beneficial to me and i should try that machine over there . 
  reminded me of the ron swanson home depot scene . 
  why does the indian guy at my gym work out in a lacoste polo and leather dress shoes ? 
  lastly , fuck the old men who `` practice their golf swing '' at the gym . 
  you 're just taking up space . 
  you can do that in your living room . 
  we get it , you play golf and therefore have money and a house that smells like rich mahagony . 
  hop in your porsche , go bang your trophy and let me crush prs in peace . 
  although it would be really cool if it was . 
  dark souls 4 : the gym of ariandel . 
  that 's a thing ? 
  no , but you 're not training any support muscles . 
  they ban substances based on lobbying , not based on scientific evidence . 
  dmaa has been proven to not be the cause of michael sparling 's death , yet due to a smearing campaign by a mother determined to prove her son 's death was not the natural selection culling of an inept individual , and the lobbying campaign of an associate professor seeking headlines , dmaa is still on the fda 's shitlist . 
  therefore the only way to get dmaa is through shady means . 
  it takes a relatively normal substance with beneficial fitness effects and turns it into a taboo which gym memelords are of course going to abuse to negative consequences . 
  it 's sad man . 
  pts are the cancer on the face of of the fitness world . 
  as long as cabs blow , uber is a game changer , and will stay that way . 
  detroit should have been allowed to die 10 years ago . 
  let it go man . 
  it 's over . 
  tax us for what ? 
  we do n't tax them for the military security we provide . 
  other armies exist solely for the purpose of `` call the united states . '', 
  maybe you should n't let the media scare you so much . 
  we 're fine . 
  so much salt . 
  today is the an absolutely amazing day . 
  stop reproducing , we are overpopulated already . 
  the deal is a sham written on feelings and paid for by the us . 
  it 's not about climate , it 's about market control . 
  calling it a climate deal just makes sure every hippie sack of shit on the western hemisphere will virtue signal jizz all over reddit about it for the next 10 days or until trump has a typo . 
  from a personal perspective , i just love watching every manchild on reddit lose his mind over something that is largely inconsequential . 
  this would have much more impact if it did n't come from greenpeace . 
  it 's funny because germany and it 's people collectively try to fuck the earth out of existence roughly every 50 years . 
  yeah , but if she does n't want to be a piece of shit , she should probably avoid that school . 
  totally unrelated , but i 've never seen a grown man with long hair whom i could classify as normal . 
  good try , but no . 
  cause valve gives a shit if you cheat or not ... 
  john oliver makes piers morgan look like michael caine . 
  butthurt shitskin over here . 
  is this more pvp or pve focused ? 
  so kill the prisoners ? 
  one . 
  and a half . 
  years . 
  but nah guys , no cheaters in cs : go . 
  fuck the fda . 
  if there was one useless limb of the american monstrosity of a government i wish trump would nuke out of existence , its the fda . 
  what else would they have been ... ? 
  shame, 
  shame, 
  shame, 
  no game will ever touch bloodborne . 
  until bloodborne 2 . 
  it is a boss that is meant to take you out of your dark souls mentality of defensive and cautious combat . 
  here is this guy . 
  same size as you . 
  same tools . 
  largely same attacks . 
  so why are you losing ... ? 
  papa g takes you away from being an unkindled and turns you into a hunter . 
  now go hunt . 
  just coming to say vegan gains is the biggest piece of shit in the history of fitness and youtube . 
  fuck off you grass eating foreversmall turd . 
  but we get a fucking spiderman game wooooo, 
  why are you working out in a thong . . ? 
  it 's a lot of volume and it 's very boring . 
  i tried it for a bit then went back to greyskull . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  clemson went , so at least there is integrity left in one major branch of american sports . 
  fuck the nba . 
  wow , it 's almost as if publicly condoning violence against people you disagree with politically , all over every media outlet , is a really really bad idea . 
  do n't speak to the gym bunnies . 
  if they want to be talked to , they will talk to you . 
  absolutely . 
  that woman was innocent in every sense of the word and what happened to her was beyond tragic . 
  did n't you guys listen to the mods and the guy with 800 + games on ge ? 
  no one cheats in cs go . 
  yes , and it 's also what makes boxing a boring sport .
