  you 're not and many people are totally okay with that . 
  boxing needs to die . 
  but boxing is boring ? 
  `` develop '' is lofty term to use here . 
  they develop dota . 
  they have maybe one unpaid intern tending to the rest of their games combined ... 
  here we go ... 
  why is the uk so pedo ? 
  serious question , i 'm just trying to understand . 
  it 's funny how they also stopped being weird in the process . 
  is miley cyrus trying to work her way into being a normal human being ? 
  you 're probably hyping yourself out , unless you did super heavy dls with terrible form . 
  regardless , skip it next week to be safe and see a doctor if it persists . 
  time to find a new gym :d, 
  more salt . 
  other than it 's really not that terrible . 
  just do n't make a habit out of it . 
  as long as you 're putting enough volume on each muscle group , it 's fine , however the vast majority of people wo n't put enough volume on . 
  most bros that end up doing ppl do it three times a week and only hit each muscle group once . 
  order does n't matter unless you are doing the same muscle groups back to back . 
  you 're fine . 
  farmer 's walks bruh . 
  good , fuck that disgusting bag of meat . 
  i just hope she does n't get off easy but i foresee a strong case of pussy pass about to occur . 
  your bench should have a thing for you to hook your legs in . 
  usually clueless . 
  daddy 's little princess . 
  this is a case of a union worker having union support , no matter how in the wrong he is . 
  tl ; dr - unions are a terrible , terrible thing and need to be done away with . 
  reeeee ? 
  he mad . 
  or you have n't played any flying scoutsman . 
  gene simmons is a douchebag and kiss is an awful band . 
  there , i said it . 
  fuck off with your rose tinted shades from the 80s . 
  barely fitness related . 
  my local gym uses iron grip plates . 
  my neighborhood gym has random plates of all kinds of different brands . 
  assuming the three big brands are rogue , york and ivanko , what gyms use those in their locations ? 
  i have been to a number of different name brand gyms and never seen a plate from one of those companies . 
  i am in the dc area and york is in right in pa so i would think they would be all over the place . 
  i wonder what the stats are on sk versus other teams hitting random mid air game winning shots . 
  i 'm sure there will be disagreement on this , but imo deload weeks are for when you 're plateauing to help you break through a plateau . 
  if you 're making steady progress , keep at it . 
  eating as much as you can is pointless if you 're eating the wrong things . 
  make sure you 're getting enough protein . 
  get on a basic 5x5 program , it will take you way further than 10x3 . 
  google starting strength or stronglifts and follow it like a bible for a few months . 
  it 's not fixed , it 's just boring and outdated . 
  i 'm mainly rooting for mcgregor for the minimal chance at seeing boxing die in my lifetime . 
  fuck off and die , old man . 
  you only need whey if you 're not getting enough protein from your daily diet . 
  so as long as you 're getting enough protein , awesome !, 
  quest is my go to . 
  i find jym protein to be overpriced , however the rest of the products in that line are the shit . 
  have you tried combat powder ? 
  you can get it in super convenient 10lb bulk bags . 
  yup . 
  if you want to increase your muscle mass and grow , yes . 
  imo , if you 're cranking out 140x17 you need to jump forward a few cycles . 
  pre-jym is that shit !, 
  best pre-workout unless you want to jump into dmaa territory . 
  pre-jym is my favorite non-dmaa currently . 
  it 's almost as if a public `` hurt feelings '' witch hunt is bad for a company and it 's ceo . 
  in phase one , he has largely the same moveset as you . 
  in phase two , you can chuck molotovs at him during the transformation and when he is on the last phase of his attack . 
  you are the hunter , not him . 
  hunt , do n't be hunted . 
  all the shit you 're hearing is gym bro bullshit by foreversmalls who are trying to get toned . 
  get on a beginner strength program , like stronglifts or starting strength , follow it religiously and swim in gains while gains goblins do 12 reps of 15lb curls . 
  call him hot . 
  handsome is for your son or your guy friends . 
  the tsa is just a government welfare program to employ unemployable people . 
  why the short shorts . . ? 
  legalize everything . 
  focus on helping addicts . 
  casual users will remain casual users . 
  addicts will either get help from the new drive at rehabilitiation , or they will die . 
  regardless , drug use will reach an equilibrium . 
  however , it will never happen . 
  drug enforcement and it 's side branches is one of the biggest industries in the us . 
  of course , and why would n't they ? 
  it makes more money than oil ... 
  number of things that will happen : zero . 
  yeah , remember how they killed skins gambling ?!, 
  i can get on any one of a dozen skin gambling sites and gamble . 
  valve will act like they are taking action until the community gold fish moves on to the next major tournament and the sites will start popping right back up . 
  right , but they still openly use steam accounts with automated bots to do their business . 
  it 's just that the bots are now named andrea instead of bot # 1 . 
  therefore , valve did nothing . 
  you 're completely missing the point of my post that they sprout right back up when the spotlight goes away ... 
  so the next year will be groups of 4 necromancers running tx rifts ? 
  how did you cook the steak ? 
  the gym i go to finally got a second rack . 
  however in order to find space for it they moved the decline bench machine to the trainer section . 
  now i ca n't do decline bench because we have no declining freeweight benches and i need a trainer to be in the trainer section . 
  i am thrilled to tell my grandkids one day that i lived in the times when the mob got tired of being criminals and decided to just enter the political and business worlds instead . 
  comcast , verizon and at&t are the new cartels , and the mafia of the past have nothing on what the current guys are doing . 
  why so hostile ? 
  he exploited a broken system .
