  it 's fine unless you keep running into her past . 
  if you 're constantly surrounded by dudes who 've had their way with your girlfriend , it 's best to just have your way with her and move on . 
  men and women think differently . 
  if the girl i am seeing sees other girls that i have been with , that will give her validation that i have enough social value to be desired by women . 
  but to answer your question directly , if she feels that way , then yes she should . 
  correct me if i am wrong but enigma seems like a poor choice in the trench . 
  low mmr pubs do n't have the coordination to make use of your ult and your value to the team becomes lower than a different jungler , like say lc or naix . 
  tip - there is a good chance she only wants sex . 
  that is not a bad thing . 
  you really want to crowdsource something like that ? 
  hey , it 's a worthy experiment . 
  i will start . 
  dear [ brother 's name ] ,, 
  you are to me ... 
  take it from here someone . 
  everything but 3 and 6 . 
  fuck it , i 'd kick puppies all day every day if the price was right . 
  i work for money . 
  i enjoy myself for enjoyment . 
  it 's not just you . 
  welcome to life . 
  never , the way my week is going :(, 
  year end close . 
  i work in finance . 
  fml . 
  i am digging a pool in my backyard which i plan to fill with tusk picker 's tears when 6.85 hits so i can swim in it , drink it , use it as lube , whatever . 
  [ she only loves you when she 's drunk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iapehif.jpg ), 
  yea , sure . 
  typically it turns out to be true . 
  i am not a fan , but i have no reason to stop it either unless i feel like it is malicious in some way . 
  ok do this for me . 
  read over your post . 
  then load up some porn and jerk off for a solid hour , at least . 
  then come back and read it again . 
  if you still feel the same way about it , reply and i 'll offer advice . 
  if you live near wine country anywhere , there are few things i like to do with my so outdoors more than a wine tasting . 
  yup . 
  i am not a social person . 
  i openly admit that about myself . 
  i see friends once a week , i see my so as often as i can , but other than that i am completely okay being on my own . 
  in my mind , i am hanging out with the most interesting person i know . 
  i 'm getting a strong `` please validate my weirdness '' vibe from this post ... 
  i posted in your original post . 
  i am genuinely curious . 
  can you go into some detail about why the date was awkward ? 
  give me an abridged version of what happened . 
  i just want a double bj . 
  does n't have to turn into a full blown threesome , although that would be nice . 
  my fantasy is two girls working on my dick though . 
  this is trigerring me and will soon be deleted shitlord . 
  oh you poor , poor naive soul ... 
  the whole thing was sarcasm , i guess that got lost on some people . 
  be happy ? 
  i get it . 
  i just want a mouth on the dick and a tongue on the balls at the same time . 
  so the logic is screw over us east so peru feels included ? 
  seems kind of unfair to one side of that equation ... 
  so people who play on us east are not equally human ? 
  she 's not looking for a boyfriend , she is looking for a father for her child . 
  do you want to be that ? 
  i just wonder what they look like . 
  it 's not like i am mind fucking you or anything . 
  also , sweaters may not be your best choice . 
  good sweaters actually accentuate the bust , hence the term `` sweater puppies '' . 
  cloud9 in general is the most refreshing thing to see in a while . 
  finally something on the na scene to be excited about . 
  i thought it was going to be the clg during ptr era , but that fizzled as quickly as anything else that gains traction in na . 
  excited to see cloud 9 's future , if they keep this form i can see them taking a major tournament . 
  i really do n't care . 
  do what you need to do . 
  i just do n't think i can date someone who is sober because i drink most nights . 
  i rarely finish games . 
  i mostly stick to games that i can play for an extended period of time such as dota , hots and counter strike . 
  just hop on and do a match when i can . 
  every few weeks get a `` me weekend '' where i do n't leave my mancave for a saturday . 
  i play one or two a night and i 'm good with that . 
  it 's a war zone . 
  it feels like people are actively trying to disqualify each other rather than come together . 
  go in wary . 
  here are some observations :, 
  - chances are the woman you are going on dates with is going on dates with multiple other people . 
  this is perfectly fine , however , you need to know about it . 
  gauge early if she is dating multiple men . 
  if so , date multiple women . 
  otherwise you are placed in a situation where you are in constant competition while she feels no need to compete for you . 
  then it 's downhill from there . 
  - if she is any sort of even remotely attractive , she is getting dick thrown at her from every angle possible . 
  you need to have some form of validation to even be taken seriously . 
  figure out what your validation is and work to that advantage . 
  do you have a great career ? 
  are you very fit ? 
  do you have any mutual friends ? 
  - tinder is great , but do n't expect to find a relationship there . 
  even the profiles that exclusively say `` i 'm not here just for a fling '' end up fucking someone . 
  enjoy it for what it is , but do n't take it seriously . 
  - expect nothing . 
  modern dating is a `` whoever cares less wins '' zero sum game . 
  the more feelings you invest in it , the more you are going to lose . 
  think of it as gambling . 
  i know this sounds super cynical , and in reality it 's not * that * , this just highlights the worst parts of it , however i 'd rather you go in prepared than go in unaware and get blindsided by the unfortunately quite sad reality that is the modern young dating scene .
