  found the vegan guys . 
  of course someone that got anywhere floating on their boobs would not want to work for a living . 
  does the bill include a clause about bikers obeying traffic laws ? 
  serious question , what is it about eastern ( mainly asian ) cultures that encourages an absolute disregard for nature ? 
  those left wing boobs though . 
  she just seems to have never gotten laid right . 
  all that built up frustration is turning into political angst . 
  chris busch did it and his family covered up everything . 
  this whole thing was such a play to get viewers ... 
  finally , we have an alternative rank system and can let mm die the lonely , salty , hacker ridden , stuff jizz covered death it deserves . 
  terrorism in europe does n't even faze me anymore . 
  it 's just the morning pains of a continent slowly waking up . 
  i dunno , they seem to love him in brussels recently . 
  scores , or do n't waste your time . 
  ca n't wait to torrent this shit , 
  what does me being an envy fan have to do with lolyou and his followers being the lowest level of shit ? 
  never preorder ? 
  if i can get it without paying for it , i 100 % will . 
  i do n't want to help them justify shitty marketing/release practices with sales numbers . 
  much of this is trying to generate marketing , but i guarantee part of it is due to the restrictions of distributing physical copies . 
  here 's a cheers to keeping alive what should be an entirely dead distribution mode because muh gamebox !!!, 
  muh manuals !!!, 
  they wo n't . 
  some bullshit about quarter end financials . 
  they not because of physical copies . 
  blame that . 
  why are best buy and gamestop even in business still ? 
  the income from preorders would be deferred revenue and wo n't be shown on the income statement until the copies are actually distributed i believe . 
  that 's your own retarded fault . 
  you missed his point completely . 
  why has / r/videos become / r/youtubedrama ? 
  yes , but you also get the easiest pussy you ever will in life . 
  once you own a boat you do n't even need to try anymore . 
  what happened is brute is a douchebag . 
  got it mohammed, 
  it 's meth . 
  to stop you from cheating . 
  i 've decided i 'm not gon na get it until someone torrents it . 
  just lost all excitement honestly . 
  i can easily sink another 500 hours into bloodborne and be fine . 
  look at me i am so superior to everyone else, 
  cevo is garbage . 
  all the `` pugs '' are 4 queues padding their efficacy by steamrolling randoms . 
  esea is way better at an actual pug experience . 
  there is an update or some shit that fucked everything up . 
  i get kicked as soon as i load into a map . 
  same . 
  i dont know but it fucked everything up . 
  ca n't connect to any games . 
  the dude that broke into my house had 4 prior break in convictions and got probation . 
  welcome to liberal america . 
  these are the words of someone who has never had direct experience with the justice system and its ineptitude . 
  aim over everything . 
  you can aim your way up to le . 
  do dm , aim maps , training maps , etc. 
  so you 're the dude with 3.5 efficacy trolling my pugs ... 
  if you 're playing on official servers without cheating , you 're doing it wrong . 
  rule 4 deleted . 
  also , i love how izak goes silent . 
  there has never been a better time to hack and not get detected . 
  either join , or play esea . 
  saw map veto but could n't swap my bet . 
  they could n't load up their hacks on the stage computers kappa, 
  it 's never been easier to hack and not get caught . 
  seriously do it . 
  if you 're playing valve servers and not hacking , you 're doing it wrong . 
  nah , i did n't , i just woke up . 
  because i do n't want to watch navi get pooped on 3 maps in a row ? 
  vac is not operational at the moment . 
  hack away . 
  you people are wasting your time , 
  who knows ? 
  it 's valve . 
  some speculate it 's getting a big update , other speculate that no one at valve feels like working on it right now , so they are n't . 
  either way , hacking is the way to play right now and we love how mm has their head buried in the sand about it . 
  i was in the same boat . 
  your games and rank are being dictated by which team has the better smurf/hacker . 
  you 're at the point where you can safely get esea and start actually improving . 
  i got esea at mge and was 6 rws scum . 
  after a few months of taking it in the ass , i am solidly 9-10 . 
  the playing experience is infinitely more enjoyable . 
  do n't waste your time with mm , it 's pointless until valve make some changes . 
  esea has ranks now . 
  mm is truly for just fucking around and testing out hacks . 
  i would recommend pugging until you can hold your own . 
  do n't get discouraged , people on esea do n't accept failure . 
  just tryhard and focus on improving . 
  past 10 rws you can start looking for a team . 
  how can he do this ? 
  does n't he know it 's the current year ?!? 
  vac is not operational currently . 
  hack away . 
  they clearly do n't . 
  that happened one time and was an esea employee working on his own . 
  the company was n't using you to mine bitcoins . 
  and he mined what , like $ 3,000 ? 
  that they ended up having to pay a massive settlement on ? 
  get over it already . 
  you are ruining the game for 8 other people in order to help 1 person whom you know . 
  whether that 's okay or not depends on your personal morals .
