  also conveniently takes care of the existence of the middle east . 
  maybe they should have voted ... ? 
  how long does said soup last ? 
  i live in baltimore . 
  it 's a shit hole . 
  it 's been two weeks . 
  the melodramatic liberal meltdown is hilarious . 
  if this is how much teenage angst it causes , i will vote for anyone with trump in their name every four years for the rest of my life . 
  so you 're mad because there is no affirmative action in the white house ? 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to pinpoint with this data ... 
  i will vote for anyone that causes this much uproar among snowflakes . 
  you people are cancer . 
  because you hate him , and i hate you . 
  awesome , we can be friends . 
  does n't matter ; still president . 
  `` draining the swamp '' is about removing career politicians and washington insiders . 
  it sounds like you misunderstood . 
  save this comment , and come complain to me in four years if you still feel we are worse off . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'd rather have business people running the country over career politicians any day of the week . 
  good , so now that the hippies have returned , we should keep them all concentrated . 
  perhaps , we can build them a camp ? 
  like a concentration camp that they can use as a base of operations . 
  and we can build a fence around it so that no one steals their things . 
  some ovens so they can make pizza . 
  a couple of cops here and there to keep them safe . 
  those fucking white people , am i right ? 
  this is the kind of dude that likes to kiss his dad on the mouth and would whisper encouragement to his wife while watching her get fucked by someone else from the closet . 
  good , now burn them alive in public and sell tickets to the executions . 
  time to turn this economy around . 
  more salt ? 
  no snow for the next four years , you heard it here first folks . 
  too much salt in the air . 
  i recently got a watch with a 7750 movement , and the static chronograph hand kind of bugs me . 
  if i keep the chronograph running perpetually in order to simulate a seconds hand , do i risk damaging the movement or reducing the lifetime of the watch ? 
  has anyone tried to figure out who currently owns the calibre 89 or the reference 57260 ? 
  it 's absurdly fascinating to me . 
  wow , what a productive looking member of society . 
  totally not exactly like what you would expect him to look like . 
  i am an accountant too . 
  once you get past the constant struggle to not commit suicide when you get home , it 's okay . 
  corporate . 
  it 's a 40 hour week 99 % of the time . 
  1 ) no one gives a shit unless if affects them , and if it does affect them and they give a shit , it 's only to the extent that it affects them . 
  you need to learn that , the easy way or the hard way . 
  2 ) you give too many shits , about everything . 
  3 ) bitterness and cynicism is the first step of the end game . 
  you need this . 
  you need to die on the inside so you can live okay on the outside . 
  the first step to that is realizing everything sucks and nothing is worth it . 
  you 're on the right path . 
  4 ) do n't do drugs . 
  to a person who has nothing , drugs become everything . 
  5 ) women your age are undateable . 
  do n't date them . 
  just fuck them . 
  or do n't . 
  they wo n't care either way . 
  women in their 20s are meat . 
  stop trying to white knight them into being something more than that and move on . 
  if you want something more meaningful , seek out an early 30s woman being passed over by guys her age in favor of early 20s fuck toys . 
  take a deep breath man . 
  you 've just began feeling the way you will feel through most of your 20s . 
  really though , does anyone even give a shit about chicago anymore ? 
  it 's a lost cause , let it go . 
  we did care . 
  everyone that cares got banned , shadow banned or downvoted into oblivion . 
  / r/politics is pretty much shills talking to one another to make it look like actual discourse . 
  hi david brock . 
  you 're a fag . 
  this has to be the one to bring down the administration !, 
  right guys ? 
  the only reviews that scored it low seem to be trying to stand out rather than provide an accurate review of the game . 
  not offended at all , it 's just a dead meme . 
  come up with another one . 
  you 're just karma whoring . 
  also , does n't matter , still president . 
  i too want to commit suicide . 
  fuck white people , am i right guys ? 
  lol those pesky teens . 
  what will they do next ? 
  who cares and why is this news ? 
  cheaters make valve a shit ton of money ? 
  time to hack boisssssa, 
  did you ever think about getting good before complaining about people wanting you to get good ? 
  the point of competition is to compete ... 
  looks like she finally made it . 
  who knew that a game designed by an apartment of nu male stereotype losers would turn out to be over hyped way out of proportion ? 
  bullshit , no one cheats in mm . 
  certainly not me . 
  any clue on what viewmodel this is ? 
  my awp is way back and i 'd like to move it like this . 
  `` this is fucking amazing . '', 
  just follow the screams of whoever is being raped currently , you will get there . 
  tl ; dr - another underpowered , underwhelming piece of hardware for nintendo to force their protected ips on you with . 
  lol you still play this game ... ? 
  maybe he stopped hacking ... ? 
  why ? 
  who the fuck uses a cz still ? 
  skadoodle has to go also .
