  obviously one that is massively unregulated , but still hits the same triggers as actual slot machine gambling and has the distant promise of landing on a super rare item that will make all that money you spent opening 0.03 $ skins worth it . 
  i highly doubt anyone at valve even works anymore . 
  most of the actual employees got fired when they downsized the company to the current ~ 330 employees they are at . 
  what do they do exactly , except for update dota 2 every once in a while ? 
  their customer service is non-existent . 
  they have completely abandoned all but one of their games , even though cs makes them hundreds of millions every year . 
  they do * nothing * . 
  the whole `` move your desk on work on whatever the fuck you want '' company policy just contributes to their now eternal mediocrity and is solid proof for the existence of standard management structures , as without any sort of top down guidance and management nothing gets done . 
  ask yourself this . 
  what has valve actually done recently ? 
  the skins and maps and cosmetic items they release are user generated content . 
  the games they sell in their marketplace are n't made by them . 
  valve . 
  does . 
  nothing . 
  it truly bothers me that comcast continues to win worst company in the world year after year when valve is still around and still not doing jack shit of anything while exploiting an impressionable fan base for gambling money . 
  yeah , that was the point . 
  usually 1-2 minutes for regular lifts and up to 5 minutes for big lifts . 
  but you ca n't trade what you get from those boxes for any sort of monetary value , which makes blizzards boxes infinitely better than valves . 
  holy shit , some random puh on the internet wo n't have sex with me ?!, 
  damn , i think this is it for me . 
  time to commit sudoku i guess ... 
  `` while i may have had sex with a lot of people , i still have standards '', 
  what are they ? 
  must have dick ? 
  fuck outta here with your self validation bullshit . 
  edit : holy shit , your submitted post history is a train wreck . 
  i would n't fuck you with another man 's dick . 
  good luck with all that polyamory bullshit and i hope you one day learn how to relationship . 
  found the valve intern . 
  go back to making hats . 
  must be taking that new gnc test booster . 
  you mean to tell me that women do n't magically get huge when they touch a weight ? 
  it 's almost as if the horde of stupid hot instagram fitness models are onto something ... 
  admirably double crisp fried, 
  as short as possible . 
  of course it 's a foreigner ... 
  why 's life got ta be so complicated ? 
  i just want to shove various performance increasing compounds into my body and get big . 
  the extraneous bullshit is really getting to me today . 
  honestly , if you meet rule 1 and rule 2 , you can say anything and it will likely work . 
  do something completely unrelated to anything though . 
  `` super serial question , if we got together and i baked you cookies , what flavor would they be ? '', 
  then whatever she responds , say `` i 'm more a ( different flavor ) guy , this may not work out . '', 
  boom , now you 've broken the ice and can transition the conversation . 
  or just say something goofy like `` i 'm really excited we matched , i ca n't wait to disappoint you . '', 
  it sounds like you 're trying too hard . 
  do less . 
  honestly , this sounds stupid but remember that phrase really helped just now . 
  we 're all going to make it , 
  are you off currently , or cruising ? 
  i have a thing for hardbodies , but as long as she is skinny , we good . 
  correct !, 
  they tried to esport the shit out of it . 
  strong pec action . 
  would smash . 
  you 're overthinking it . 
  you simply care too much . 
  care less . 
  you do n't have an aversion to weight lifting . 
  you have an aversion to challenging things . 
  that , or low t. . . 
  wow , we are reaching a new low in the level of shitposts . 
  i dunno , let 's ask some internet strangers , i am sure they are a better source of help than someone who spent a decade in medical school studying this shit . 
  just go to the gym . 
  you ca n't be depressed while lifting . 
  think of what we called curvy before fat girls stole curvy and made it their own . 
  big hips , bit tits without a fat waist . 
  are you trying to raise a shithead or no ? 
  because if no , name him something else . 
  and why the fuck is it on / r/askmen ? 
  you want to ask men how to deal with being horny over your boyfriend ? 
  honestly , show me , how does it get lower than a girl coming to / r/askmen to humblebrag about her muscular boyfriend and ask * other men * how to deal with being horny about it ? 
  i actually like the posts about shitting ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  saw the fam yesterday . 
  they asked me if i 'm on steroids . 
  who cares ? 
  why do you care ? 
  let them wear whatever they want to wear . 
  you mean the ones that do n't kill themselves after they realize they have done irreversible harm to their body , right ? 
  this guy is trying to reach peak stupid . 
  i 'd love to see canada 's military actually defend canada if it 's ever invaded . 
  it 's easy to have an army full of trigendered snowflakes when you know you share a border with the biggest military power in the world and your president will come down and give a rimjob to whoever is leading the u.s. for military assistance . 
  it does n't exist . 
  what does exist is the demonization of masculinity and the lack of male role models , leading to a lot of humans with a dick , but not a lot of men . 
  we have young boys being raised by mothers , female teachers , female guidance counselors , female everything , who then grow up to be stereotypical nu-males with no idea what , or who , they are supposed to be and what , or who , a man is . 
  it 's not an issue yet . 
  if anything , its a sociological meme . 
  but it will be an issue in a generation or two . 
  this guy right here and this type of thinking is exactly the problem op was talking about lol ... 
  male teachers are a dying breed . 
  i truly think we need a mandatory year of military service at 18 . 
  or if not military service , something similar that exposes young males to strong male leaders who they can look up and perceive as role models . 
  long , long , curly hair . 
  but honestly its a rule1/rule 2 thing . 
  as long as she 's hot , she can most likely pull off anything . 
  lol , i hate to use the term beta , but this is the most beta shit ever . 
  you 're being the full white knight , good guy , self-guilty package . 
  you need to do some soul searching friend . 
  i doubt gabe even does anything at valve anymore .
