  i would like $ 2.8 million please . 
  good looking white people . 
  this triggers the liberal . 
  cocaine should be legal , over the counter , and force fed to most people . 
  did you get triggered ? 
  are your feelings hurt ? 
  point on the doll where the bad internet man touched you . 
  add season and santorini plssssss, 
  i am sure this is rape in some weird way in the modern year . 
  it 's been a glorious ride with all of you , 
  but i thought we we 're okay with rich white people dodging the law now ? 
  at least that 's what reddit told me . 
  i 'm with her and i 'm with him too . 
  you should be also . 
  if you need a c rate comedian to get your political views from and to guide you through life ? 
  your father deserved better . . 
  this guy is triggered . 
  you keep on saying that word , competent , but i am not sure you know what it means ... 
  and to all the brave pepes we lost out there . 
  protesters and rioters are part of the reason why trump got elected in the first place ... we 're tired of them and their identity politics . 
  now they are just proving the point . 
  if you 're not playing esea you are consenting to being cheated against . 
  simple as that . 
  the amount of salt , i just ... 
  i ca n't handle it . 
  trump does n't give a fuck about a military intervention in syria , and could n't care less about nato or the un . 
  highly doubtful . 
  it 's not even on trump 's official platform . 
  it 's mostly political fear mongering by the media . 
  nafta is getting overturned the fuck to hell though . 
  the whole #notmypresident and asking the electoral college to vote against their state votes is the most unamerican thing ever . 
  this is n't how democracy works . 
  this is n't how any of this works . 
  again , it 's mostly media fear mongering . 
  most of the climate change is being done by the private sector and if the private sector is providing jobs to people , trump has no reason to fuck with them . 
  quite the opposite , he is more likely to give them tax breaks and incentives to hire american workers . 
  he recently released a 7 point plan on overhauling healthcare , check it out . 
  someone new . 
  i do n't think anyone from the current democratic establishment has a chance . 
  the economy of the 50s and 80s with the social policies of 2016 . 
  he is openly against the at&t and time warner merger and plans to block it if it comes to fruition , which is a good sign . 
  i do n't care about trump the person , i care about trump the president . 
  he could personally want to exterminate puppies , and i could n't give any less of a shit as long as trump the president follows through on his promises about the economy and immigration and focuses on that rather than his personal views . 
  he is too old gop and carries that old gop air around him . 
  the moderate voter would not accept him . 
  both parties need a new flock if they hope to garner the vote of the next generation of voters . 
  you 've watched too much cnn . 
  give the man at least a basic chance to make you hate him as president before you start hating him as president . 
  not at all . 
  he has n't even taken office yet . 
  everyone is panicking way too much . 
  it 's too early to deem the world ending yet . 
  i think it 's too early to tell that . 
  let me give you a real life example . 
  william schaefer the late mayor of baltimore was one of the most crass people ever . 
  he used to make his secretaries walk back and forth during meetings so he could check out their legs . 
  he was a giant fuckwad , a remnant of an old generation . 
  however , without him baltimore would be a parking lot right now . 
  i personally am going to put trump the person aside for a bit and watch what trump the politician will do . 
  however `` no plan '' is better than `` plan you absolutely ca n't afford that is sucking you dry every month '' to many people . 
  it will be a system in flux for a while for sure . 
  half of america told me i 'm a bigot . 
  what the fuck man , i just want some more economic stability ... 
  that 's the next part . 
  healthcare cost is inflated because healthcare knows that insurance will pay for it . 
  i am hoping that some form of basic price control comes out of trump 's time in office . 
  not at all . 
  i could n't be happier . 
  the smile is yet to leave my face . 
  you have the right to vote for whoever the fuck you want to vote for . 
  if they wanted to write in mickey mouse , you do n't have a right to tell them not to . 
  you ca n't ignore the basic tenets of what makes america american whenever they do n't work out in your favor . 
  you can switch that same image around for many different demographics . 
  if you switch it to married men , every state went red except for three . 
  hillary lost many different demographics in a race that was hers to lose . 
  i am in my late 20s and sadly most of my generation gets their political views from comedians . 
  i honestly do n't put too much trust in anything millennials vote for ... : /, 
  the chinese artificially devalue the yuan to increase the price of the dollar against it . 
  `` the more depreciated china 's exchange rate -- the higher the price of the dollar in yuan * -- the more dollars china earns from exports , and the fewer dollars it spends on imports . 
  ( capital flows complicate the story a bit , but do n't change it in any fundamental way ) . 
  by keeping its current artificially weak -- a higher price of dollars in terms of yuan -- china generates a dollar surplus ; this means the chinese government has to buy up the excess dollars . '', 
  - paul krugman, 
  i too can release a 100 day plan , does n't mean it will go through . 
  also , for the most part , i like it . 
  i think it 's great . 
  i do n't need to answer you anything that is the point . 
  i am allowed to vote for anyone , just as are you , just as is every other american . 
  you are not owed an explanation . 
  america is a victim of globalist economic policies that do not benefit 99 % of americans . 
  i hope to see those policies ground to dust . 
  this is the kind of doomsday talk that helps no one ... 
  he will put a tax on goods imported from mexico that will go towards the cost of the wall , if a wall were to actually come into reality . 
  okay , call me when china and india agree to halt their industrialization ... 
  i see an evening out of the market . 
  i am naturally a fan of more protectionist economic policies . 
  the reason jobs left is because it became infinitely cheaper to move them somewhere else . 
  i think if you even that field out somewhat and you subsidize american business , you are much more likely to see the people at the top expand their businesses here rather than somewhere else . 
  everyone knows the golden days of american industry are never coming back . 
  that does n't mean that american industry needs to be left to die out completely . 
  i believe there is a middle ground to everything , and we need to find that here , just as with everything else .
