  hunt valley may not be a wasteland of crime , but all the crime that comes in valley rides the light rail there . 
  of course i do , however the prevailing consensus is to play on the lowest settings possible . 
  i guess i do n't see the improvement in smoothness of playing at 100fps and 250fps . 
  i have one . 
  it 's super smooth , i know . 
  but it 's not noticeably any less smooth with shaders turned on and textures upped . 
  how about any actual policing of smurfs ? 
  like anything . 
  literally the slightest action from valve would be a world away from anything we have now . 
  he 's a smurf , therefore mad . 
  it has an equal effect on the enjoyment of the 9 other people in the lobby . 
  how about you go get shat on at your own level , rather than come shit on me at mine ? 
  whatever makes you feel better man . 
  that 's an asinine argument that pops up on this sub constantly , and usually by smurfs to justify themselves . 
  if you put a high school basketball player against kobe bryant in a competitive 1 on 1 situation , the high school player will learn nothing . 
  you do n't learn anything when the skill gap is that big . 
  that 's why the ranking system progressively puts you up against players a rank or two higher than you when you keep winning . 
  progressive , marginal improvement . 
  honestly , it should be worse . 
  i do n't think you should be able to enter competitive until ~ 100 casual wins or something like that . 
  the barrier of entry is entirely too low as it is and only promotes smurfing in its current state . 
  welcome to the progressive world . 
  enjoy your rape . 
  germany as a country has this thing where they feel an uncontrollable need to fuck the entire world up every 50 years . 
  it 's just their thing . 
  germany is a cancer . 
  what a pitiful excuse of a country , and a people . 
  200 women get raped and the best reddit 's got is a narrative video of a snowball fight . 
  not at the expense of whitewashing negative things and sweeping them under the rug . 
  try any major news source that is not moderated by reddit mods . 
  anything here gets locked and deleted . 
  in today 's episode of `` things that make you go hmmm '', 
  try cnn , bbc and msnbc as it was on the front pages of each yesterday . 
  take your pandering bullshit elsewhere . 
  what do you expect ? 
  the game costs $ 7 and has zero barrier of entry to competitive play . 
  do n't get mad , start cheating . 
  there are no consequences . 
  where does the config live now ? 
  they made a change and now my config is all jacked up . 
  i have had the mobile authenticator for more than 7 days , but my trades are still being placed in escrow . 
  why ? 
  and how do i fix this ? 
  i wish esea had lower leagues . 
  i 'm just not at the esea level yet , and i would n't want to bring my team down . 
  i have done all this , have no escrow , and still am getting the same issues . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone over the age of 15 use the term `` cry babies '' . 
  i do . 
  i absolutely have notifications on and can trade freely with other users . 
  which is no excuse for fucking up the rest of europe on a semi-regular basis . 
  the majority of cheats are written by germans . 
  there are more globals in silver than in global . 
  what if when you caught someone smurfing , you banned the main account on the ip rather than the smurf account . 
  after a few thousand lost inventories , they would stop . 
  stop being poor and get separate pcs ? 
  lucky you . 
  went on an awesome win streak . 
  no rank up . 
  because cases bruh . 
  man , i am glad all those threads got deleted because it clearly was n't immigrants . 
  i am in the same boat . 
  i am worried i wo n't be able to find a job in the new city since i just took this one three months ago . 
  you had faith in it to begin with ? 
  honestly , it 's kind of enjoyable , albeit sad , to watch europe burn from a distance . 
  their chickens are finally coming home to roost . 
  any german women that want to to come to the us as refugees , hit me up , i provide asylum . 
  mm is a shit show right now . 
  i stopped playing it . 
  9k is not even a drop in the ocean . 
  everything is unplayable . 
  i played a game yesterday only 2/10 main accounts with more than 100 hours . 
  it 's insane . 
  it 's not even 1 %, 
  here is the guy who cheats so he nonchalantly defends other cheaters . 
  i do better in esea games than i do in some mm games . 
  i do n't get how that works . 
  it 's esea/cevo for me from now on . 
  hint : money in miami smells funny . 
  good , though . 
  just funny . 
  you 're not . 
  no one is . 
  esea blows my mind . 
  i have a membership , but only get the balls to play a pug there about once a week or so . 
  play cevo . 
  9k is not even 1 % of all cheaters . 
  i ca n't get my net graph to appear at all . 
  i have net_graph 1 set in my autoexec but it does n't show up . 
  thoughts ? 
  not personal experience , however i believe the current consensus is that as a team , you can aim your way up until sm-ge level . 
  another question , my biggest current problem is what i call `` neck shots '' . 
  i think i am aiming for the head but actually am not , so i end up 88 in 3 , 91 in 3 , 89 in 3 , etc. 
  is there a crosshair adjustment that i can make that can help me aim for the head better or do i just need to aim practice more ? 
  i am shooting on point , but i lose duels because i do n't headshot . 
  nothing happens , even if i switch it on and off . 
  do you know which commands those are so i can check my settings ? 
  i would n't classify it as toxic , rather it 's incredibly unforgiving . 
  on one side , it makes you tryhard on a level you did n't know you could . 
  you want to play your best , every round . 
  on another level , it 's super disheartening when you fuck something up .
