  the man may have been suffering from mental illness . 
  here is where facts end and conjecture begins . 
  i will refer to david mccrary as dm from now on for short . 
  aside from what i see as a connection to the original police sketches , the suspect shares a physical description with what is known of ear/ons . 
  they are both 5 ' 10 '' and 170lbs white males of what is perceived to be the same age . 
  dm was born in 1957 in california , making him 19 at the time of the first rape in 1976 . 
  he moved to oregon , presumably with family sometime in the early 1970 period , and then back to california for college . 
  he attended uc berkeley , where one can assume he started in 1975 unless he was held back . 
  he lived in california until 1981-82 , based on ancestry.com records . 
  the final ons attack before the 5 year break happened in july of 1981 . 
  since 1982 , all of his recorded residences are in the portland , oregon area . 
  dm has no prior criminal history except for a dui in 2013 . 
  beyond the physical connections , i find it startling that this 59 year old man begins his career as a criminal by breaking into a woman 's house in the middle of the night . 
  the dead suspect also had a minor social media presence . 
  i will not link it here , however he had 98 friends , the vast majority of which are bot accounts of young girls/women . 
  his only posted presence are messages about forgiveness and repentance . 
  there are no confirmed family or social connections on his online presence . 
  lastly , there is this , courtesy of the ear/ons proboards . 
  the image is the appearance of dm in the uc berkeley yearbook . 
  he is said to be the person on the left , who he bears no resemblance to . 
  however , he bears an uncanny resemblance to the person on the right , especially in the peculiar deformity of their nose . 
  i have been trying to find out any information on rm to see what the connection between the two is and whether this could be attributed to a simpler clerical error but so far i have nothing . 
  i fully admit this could just be me going crazy over a case that has held me captive for a very long time . 
  however , i am an amateur armchair detective and i do n't have the resources of the more serious investigators on these boards . 
  i am hoping that some of you will be able to use these resources to look further into dm 's time in california so that we can perhaps establish a better picture of the person which will either qualify him as a poi or prove me as crazy . 
  where did he work ? 
  did he have any military background ? 
  was he a cyclist ? 
  thanks for your time !, 
  hello ,, 
  i drive a stock height 2012 dodge ram . 
  the truck is reaching it 's first necessary tire change , and i would like to switch from factory tires to a more all terrain option like a trail grappler or similar tire , mostly for the off road driving on hunting properties and winter driving during snowboarding season . 
  the current factory tires are p275/60/20 on a 20 '' stock rim . 
  i would like to switch to an 18 '' or 20 '' aftermarket rim with a corresponding tire , but how do i find out if a particular package will `` fit '' so to say without having to adjust the factory suspension ? 
  i am not interested in lifting the truck , maybe a front bumper pad to level it out , but not a full suspension lift . 
  also , if anyone has experience with this , can you ballpark me what i can expect to pay a shop to level out the truck ? 
  thanks for any info , and my apologies if this is not the appropriate sub for this . 
  hello ,, 
  i drive a stock height 2012 dodge ram . 
  the truck is reaching it 's first necessary tire change , and i would like to switch from factory tires to a more all terrain option like a trail grappler or similar tire , mostly for the off road driving on hunting properties and winter driving during snowboarding season . 
  the current factory tires are p275/60/20 on a 20 '' stock rim . 
  i would like to switch to an 18 '' or 20 '' aftermarket rim with a corresponding tire , but how do i find out if a particular package will `` fit '' so to say without having to adjust the factory suspension ? 
  i am not interested in lifting the truck , maybe a front bumper pad to level it out , but not a full suspension lift . 
  also , if anyone has experience with this , can you ballpark me what i can expect to pay a shop to level out the truck ? 
  i just have no idea what kind of price i am even looking at . 
  hundreds ? 
  thousands ? 
  hello ,, 
  just came back recently after a loooooooong break . 
  prior to stopping i spent the majority of my time camping aeonaxx in deepholme . 
  i tried doing so again , but now there are double digit players from a dozen different servers camping the spawn . 
  this effectively has reduced the spawn rate of the creature massively because where before each server would get a spawn of aeonaxx , now we are all sharing the one spawn in the crz . 
  is it still worth camping these mobs ? 
  i already have tlpd but aeonaxx was my ultimate goal , but now it just seems nearly impossible . 
  personal theory is because of the `` wow ... '' emote , but every game against a priest is just a non-stop emote spam for me . 
  first run through , first time playing ds3 , not new to souls games . 
  i am out of embers . 
  i have collected every ember up to this point in the game so far . 
  i have bought all the embers being sold at firelink . 
  i am tired of soloing aldrich . 
  how does one get more embers ... ? 
  hello ,, 
  my hard drive recently fried , so when shopping to replace it i came across [ this system ] ( http://www.microcenter.com/product/467635/g313_desktop_computer ) . 
  i have tried putting together a cart with the items included and i ca n't get it under $ 1000 any way that i try . 
  is there any reason why i * should n't * buy this system and buy the components instead ? 
  is the build quality just that shitty ? 
  the only thing that stands out is that there is no water cooling , which i can add myself , and that the power supply seems to have a pretty low output ( 500w ) . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : spec wise , this system is better than my current system in all aspects other than the psu . 
  hello , i just got a new pc and installed cs : go and moved my config and autoexec to the appropriate folders . 
  now my fps is tied at 60 and my autoexec wo n't load . 
  i ca n't even ` exec autoexec ' it in the game . 
  any suggestions ? 
  just downloaded driver 372.70 on a brand new windows 10 system with a zotac gtx1070 . 
  literally the first thing installed on the system upon boot . 
  i now get random screen flickers on both screens when using mundane apps like google chrome or microsoft word . 
  never happens when in a game , except for wow loading screens for some reason . 
  did not happen on whatever the factory installed driver was , at least for the time i was in ie to download chrome and then download the driver . 
  i have two monitors , main one a benq running at 144ghz and the second one a shitty old gateway running at 60 . 
  where do i start to troubleshoot this ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i wanted to do a full sorc playthrough so i started a fresh toon . 
  it was my first non physical character on ds3 , so i stupidly went all bloodborne on it and spammed vigor for the first few levels . 
  i am currently approaching the crystal sage at level 27 with the following stats . 
  20 vigor, 
  9 end, 
  9 str ( these are from yoel . 
  going for 10 to wield broadsword ), 
  23 int, 
  7 fth, 
  12 luck, 
  i realize now that the huge early game dump into vigor has royally fucked me on the int front . 
  is this build butchered ? 
  i am still early enough in the game to just start over . 
  or is it okay/salvageable ? 
  i am currently dumping points into int until 30 , then going to get to 24 att , then back to int until 60 . 
  if anyone has this information , can they please pm it on to me ? 
  i would like to go down that rabbit hole ... 
  what will your personal dlc prep be ? 
  ng fresh or ng + leveled character ?
