  n0thing is most likely playing . 
  he is trolling bettors . 
  sirscoots twitter . 
  scoots is a notorious cuntsack ... 
  if betting did n't exist , the cs : go pro scene would be massively smaller . 
  the only reason the pro scene is so robust is because many people watch the games and the only reason many people watch the games is because they bet . 
  you think i would ever watch a method or affinity game if i did n't have a stake in it ? 
  fuck no . 
  so yeah , they do n't care , but they should . 
  that 's what you get for betting 80 % on a single game ? 
  i grew up without one due to him dying at a young age . 
  it 's harder to pinpoint what defines you as a man . 
  you have nothing to emulate or to purposely try to not be like , if you had a shitty dad . 
  man , this sub really shit the bed since it 's inception . 
  how quickly it can go from fiscal responsibility , to `` let 's be those people who wave pictures of aborted fetuses in other 's faces '' . 
  this tournament is amazing . 
  i love everything about it . 
  the cs pro scene has really stepped it up with this and apm . 
  i ca n't wait for cologne . 
  how much ? 
  it 's a ton of fun to watch and the bo1s have been a gold mine if you keep returns on lounge . 
  and to think i sold my fn graphite with a fv of less than 0.014 for like 7k back in the day :(, 
  any idea how much it 's worth ? 
  i ca n't tell until i get home , just got it on request return . 
  man , i am so glad we banned coontown . 
  i think each tier has it 's own `` superstars '' . 
  players who are at a much higher level than their competition , but not on a higher level team . 
  niko and xantares ( provided he is legit ) are such superstars . 
  as far as bleeding edge competition , i maintain that shot for shot , kennys is the best player in the world . 
  no one has been able to show such domination or carry so hard . 
  here is the thing man . 
  the cs : go community is absolute filth . 
  the deep , sludgy , semi hard mush at the bottom of that filth is lounge . 
  all you see is `` overpay only '' while at the same time saying `` i buy at 80 % only men '' . 
  there is no real trade that goes on in cs : go . 
  just people scamming each other . 
  honestly , if valve locked prices and there was no fluctuating market , i 'd be totally okay with it . 
  everything costs what valve say it costs . 
  i am yet to make a profit from a single trade in my cs : go history . 
  everyone has steam inventory helper , everyone wants overpay , and no one wants to pay more than 80 % market . 
  i just got the skins i wanted and noped the fuck out of the whole trading world . 
  i keep hearing these stories about people trading themselves up but i am yet to see one . 
  shit , i 'd love to see someone sell something just for profit . 
  now what . 
  all the time . 
  i feel like i can see more at the gym these days than at a shitty strip club . 
  it 's great , but women 's gym clothes are made for looks , not function . 
  of course i 'm gon na look . 
  glad it worked out for y' all . 
  so obviously i am butthurt about losing skins , but how is it acceptable to bring in a ringer during official competition ? 
  it 's like me and my mg2 bros somehow making it into cevo invite and having olof sub in for every key match . 
  it just does n't seem like fair competition . 
  have your team , have your subs , and if you ca n't put 5 together take a loss . 
  no , they are using other teams ' players . 
  you have your team 's backups and if you ca n't put together a 5 with your main squad and your benchwarmers , you are handed a loss . 
  you ca n't just pick players from other teams to sub for you . 
  you do n't see any problem with him ringing because you 're not caz . 
  but when you hop in a server to see a clearly higher skill tier player on the other team , who ends up pretty much carrying against you , i am sure you would care plenty . 
  but i see your point , this is dingshit after all . 
  lol joelz is n't even in roccat . 
  he 's a sub in the same way that getting tom brady to play on a high school team is a sub . 
  without the betting community no one is going to watch these leagues ... 
  roccat barely even played . 
  the 3 roccat players got carried by 2 standins . 
  tl ; dr - `` we may or may not , possibly , most likely not give a shit about cs as long as you keep buying cases . '', 
  we 're due for a ban wave . 
  sadly wo n't come until after the major most likely . 
  black . 
  a ) ignore her money . 
  if she falls for you , her wealth or your wealth will be irrelevant . 
  b ) do n't try to be what she 's expected to be dating - a rich guy . 
  just be yourself . 
  if she wanted a rich dude , she could very easily find that . 
  if she 's gone out on a couple of dates with you , she 's interested . 
  cultivate that and do n't worry about money . 
  this works ? 
  i need to buy a butterfly again just to test this . 
  i always thought it was random . 
  you say `` i also '' . 
  where is the original ? 
  too many stimulants in body . 
  drove self over to make sure heart does n't explode . 
  efrag y u do dis . 
  efrag pls . 
  8-6 half with efrag starting first . 
  overall bad unless they really show up on ct side . 
  did anyone see that soker awp shot just now ? 
  how was that not the sketchiest thing ever ? 
  people in esea shoot this bad ? 
  i need to get a membership ... 
  welcome to mm , where cases are all that matters . 
  just got a competitive cooldown because derankers ran in front of my while i shot . 
  deranking is the new `` lul im trolling its just a game bro '' 13 year old activity of the month . 
  i swear if i ever have a son , when he gets to that age i will beat him daily just to prevent him from becoming a total fucking shithead . 
  you ca n't kick them because the queue with a friend . 
  just troll them and hope they kill you and get kicked from the game . 
  it 's just 1 of 1000 small changes that could improve the game but will never happen . 
  here is what you need to realized about valve 's relationship with cs : go . 
  they truly , genuinely , could not care less about the game . 
  it 's not a game they made .
