  my so texts me she misses me every day . 
  that 's how close couples work . 
  book store and coffee shop , yes . 
  grocery store , no . 
  that 's like the unicorn pick up i have never been able to put together . 
  upvote for the wheel of time . 
  greatest fantasy series i never finished . 
  was on the next to last book when i got my new job and became busy . 
  got ta get back to it : /, 
  hint : it almost never works . 
  i did come close once , but i was a total fucking retard and i blew it . 
  she even broke the ice for me . 
  i just wish there were more teams and a more vibrant scene . 
  it gets tedious watching the same teams play each other over and over again . 
  that being said , the current c9 roster is the most exciting thing i 've seen in a while . 
  a relationship on the other side of the country is not a relationship . 
  unless you have some concise and exact plans on when the ld part of it ends , you really should consider being with someone in your geographical region . 
  your girlfriend sucks , her friend sucks , you 're being a pussy . 
  tl ; dr - typical reddit cuckery . 
  tell them all to fuck off and move on . 
  it will never change until the baby boomers finally die off . 
  for the generation that did the most drugs during the 60s , they grew up to be the generation to enforce the most puritan drug laws . 
  of course vp will get their shit together the day i decide to get back into betting . 
  not at all . 
  women will comment on my friends ' height , and in response , i will comment on their weight which will offend them , resulting in an altercation . 
  deleted by the mods in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  did anyone take a second to verify any of this before going all white knighty pitchfork crusade ? 
  there is zero proof , zero background , a ton of inconsistencies and no motive . 
  side note - why would they spend $ 5000 plus flight , stay , you name it , to get some random girl to do porn from across the country when for that much money your local stripper will lick the shit direct from your asshole ? 
  if a shy girl , with a nerdy side asked you if she could practice on you to give you your first blowjob , how would you respond ?!, 
  i 'm 20 btw . 
  [ pics included ] ( https://mattcharneydotcom.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/why-would-you-click-on-that.jpg?w=700&amp;h=466&amp;crop=1 ), 
  it 's manipulative . 
  the few women i 've caught doing it , i 've cut to pieces verbally and moved on . 
  yes . 
  anything super public is cheese . 
  on a big day like nye ? 
  in a cheesy place like times square ? 
  you 're pretty much a walking cheezit commercial at this point . 
  have sex with her again , as long as you both are on the same page that it is just sex . 
  it does n't take being global to see someone spinbotting deag headshots or tracing people through walls ... 
  or we could get rid of ranks completely and have an actual mmr system ? 
  the fact that olof and a guy with 500 hours that just hit global are in the same bracket is absurd . 
  if you use an actual mmr system , you have your 4k , your 5k , and then the handful that are up at 8k etc. 
  you can still keep your icon if it makes you feel better . 
  i get that but it 's not useful or transparent . 
  a numerical system would be much more beneficial when separating global from global from global . 
  i feel like i am about to get a fresh reminder for why i never bet on russian teams ... 
  anything east of germany is russia as far as the cs : go scene is concerned . 
  golden rule . 
  never bet on vp my friend . 
  because you are a sucker for punishment . 
  never bet on russians . 
  never trade with russians . 
  never put any faith into anything russian related to cs : go . 
  this is like watching silver 1s play . . 16-0 incoming . 
  also , wtf ? 
  lineups not finalized until 10 mins before ? 
  why do i keep losing my money to cyka ? 
  why , just why ? 
  my inventory got raped by russians this week . 
  had to learn my lesson eventually . 
  cyka vs. blyat . 
  skip . 
  evolution is garbage . 
  if s1mple misses a shot or two , he will go into cyka mode . 
  eou or skip . 
  again . 
  cyka vs. blyat . 
  bet at your own risk . 
  so this is how i reach global . 
  inb4 that will be racist and we will have to have an equal amount of black and white logos, 
  choke9 - always the bridesmaid , never the bride . 
  i had a lot of hope for this team too . 
  also , rip my skins . 
  csgo lounge is just a massive money laundering operation . 
  ca n't rely on them for integrity . 
  de_season hype ? 
  fuck it , i 'm getting on the train anyway . 
  i would consider it , except for $ 300 of my items being stuck on csgo lounge with the bots offline ... 
  whores gon whore , its just the dice roll baby . 
  they are totally hot . 
  most of my exes have been around the 5 ' 0 '' mark . 
  high heels were literally invented for you . 
  learn to make the most of them . 
  no , it just validates my previously held beliefs . 
  female subs are just a giant echochamber of `` tell me what i want to hear '' . 
  were they out spreading the word of the lord ? 
  i think they were out spreading the word of the lord . 
  they were good kids who were right about to turn their life around . 
  yes , depending on how you view sex . 
  remember , everything in the world is about sex . 
  except sex . 
  sex is about power . 
  i do n't care how feminist you are , at it 's core , the act of intercourse is a woman surrendering power to a man . 
  women hold all the power in sex . 
  always have , always will , across all species . 
  until sex actually happens . 
  a committed woman cheating is a woman who is giving ** another ** man power over her when she was already committed to a man . 
  i 'm by no means saying men cheating is okay .
