  cheating is cheating and is wrong . 
  but saying it 's not different between genders is just retarded . 
  i do n't think male and female cheating are on equal standing even in sociology/psychology/respected academia anymore ? 
  he is right , it 's just not something women like to hear . 
  women are incapable of being cuckolded . 
  therefore , their cheating is different . 
  this is n't / r/askwomen . 
  there is no echochamber here . 
  be prepared to hear different opinions , some of which you may disagree with . 
  i totally am , and i realize we have different opinions . 
  your opinion did n't make me feel gross though , and if it had , i would n't have felt it necessary to attack either you , or your opinion . 
  that 's what makes us different :|, 
  why are you not in therapy ? 
  this is not a reddit question . 
  this is a psychiatrist question . 
  work is for making money , not friends . 
  unless you really want friends . 
  i understand , just please , do n't take medical advice from an online forum . 
  antidepressants will help , yes . 
  but anything more than that , you need a physician . 
  it does n't ? 
  i make good money and the few hundred i 've put into cs : go and betting is a drop in the bucket , even if i lose it all . 
  you have to be aware of what you can and ca n't do . 
  i ca n't roll with the big buys on csgo jackpot or something , but putting 50-100 on a game i am really interested in so no big deal . 
  i am not butthurt about losing skins or anything , it was a small bet , but why is it okay in a professional tourney to bring in a ringer ? 
  chrisj is clearly a higher caliber player than the team he is playing on . 
  it seems like this taints the odds . 
  you and flushed were pretty much bots this map . 
  at least you seemed to make an effort , flushed appears silver 4 level . 
  dat tactical disconnect/toggle doe, 
  i do n't understand why a better organization would n't invest in xantares , the dude is an absolute beast . 
  if he learned english i can see him on a t1 team easily . 
  edit : also , holy shit , that despe 5k . 
  so much this !!, 
  made the stupid error of switching my bet from ss to neo last minute . 
  should have followed my gut . 
  also , oskar fucking blows . 
  neo in general is playing like dogshit . 
  completely outclassed . 
  it 's stupid to say he does n't blow . 
  he has been the first one dead just about every round . 
  he just runs up middle and gets insta dinked over and over and over again . 
  i 'm plenty successful , i lost a negligible amount on this game . 
  i 'm not raging at the players , i 'm raging at the circlejerk here that oskar and team are anything but glorified silvers . 
  their peeks are something you might see in casual . 
  oskar just ran out on site against 4 alone , in the open . 
  now that blows my mind . 
  you ca n't honestly tell me you think they are playing like that ranking . 
  esc could run a train on these guys . 
  agreed . 
  would n't even rank top 10 . 
  if that 's how you want to take it , that 's fine . 
  they could win still . 
  ss is n't playing good . 
  they are getting free rounds . 
  mosly by oskar standing in the open . 
  smurf whining about cheaters ? 
  i fucking love it . 
  you 're the same kind of scum bro . 
  this stream fucking blows . 
  is there another stream anywhere ? 
  this is choppy as all hell . 
  this is an easy max and relax , except for the shit odds . 
  edit : fuck me and fuck tier 3 teams . 
  it 's a bo3 , which means etherfast has n't rigged it . 
  volgare are super shady . 
  bet at own risk . 
  vika cerekes . 
  hnnnnnnnnnhhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  it seems to be spotty right now . 
  try on your cell , the mobile version works great . 
  you do n't care because you got out of the suck . 
  here is a usual game for me . 
  yes , i care . 
  i try not to solo queue , but when i do end up solo queuing , it 's usually a 1v5 game . 
  i do n't mean to brag but i 've actually won a few : /, 
  nah , i saved it whenever someone on this sub says `` do n't blame your team , just git gud nub . '', 
  someone is mad . 
  it 's not the waspy country club look that comes with most politicians . 
  they are trying to appeal to the white , upper middle class voters and to do that , you need to look like you 're a kennedy . 
  shit , that 's probably a maxbet lost ... 
  as soon as i saw 88 % odds i started smelling a throw but it was too late to change :(, 
  definitely not a throw ? 
  they stand to make 2k max if they win the tourney . 
  a few maxbets on infused @ 12 % odds , they can make 10-15k easy . 
  and this is t3 , pretty much the wild west of cs : go . 
  i 'm curious , how would they ever get caught ? 
  with bomb down . 
  against a guy that had 12 bullets in his clip . 
  totes mcgotes not a throw . 
  or the time when ss player on t runs out of a corner and gets insta dinked , and his two teammates behind him pause a second , run out the same corner without even turning to where the shots came from and both get insta dinked . 
  it just silver 1 errors . 
  it 's retarded . 
  it 's never worked . 
  it 's just douches being douches and getting validated by their douchy friends . 
  that 's at a bar and not really catcalling . 
  cat calling is walking by a woman on the street and yelling after her `` ayyyyy baby , i 'd drank yo booty sweat like it was the last water on earth . '', 
  i 'm going to venture and say that volgare threw the earlier game knowing they would play ss again if they beat infused . 
  they got a chance to learn some strats from ss without showing any of their own . 
  this is entirely a different playing team than the one that played this morning .
