  there is one at my gym who uses the blowdrier to blow try his taint . 
  i wonder at what age you completely lose all sense of common decency . 
  small shitty tournaments are rigged money laundering schemes ? 
  no fucking way !, 
  so edgy . 
  i did n't , but if i ever did , it 's because i had an opportunity to fuck someone so hot that i could n't pass it up . 
  like i was on a guys trip and ran into victoria silvstedt at a bar and she was all about my dick kind of shit . 
  you too, 
  god damn dude , that is stronk as all hell . 
  you left her . 
  who cares ? 
  just remember , we 're all gon na make it brah . 
  i have to work until about 7-8 today and want to hit the gym for a late night sesh . 
  but i ca n't take my pre then because i wo n't sleep all night . 
  if i drink my pre at 5 while still at work , will i still be sikkunt mode for the gym 2 hours later ? 
  humanity is overrated . 
  how are those two things related ? 
  never gone above 255 on bench before . 
  just did n't have the confidence i guess . 
  ya boi just put up 315 easy . 
  i was always able to put up 255 for 5-6 reps so my 1rm was definitely higher , just never tested out . 
  today i went up by 20 lb intervals until i put up 315 for one . 
  jesus dude , i think i cringed off the planet . 
  zyzz is a big deal because he became a thing in the early days of social media and inspired a shit ton of dweebs to lift a weight . 
  he would n't be as big of a deal today but he was the right person , at the right place , at the right time . 
  his untimely end also adds to his mystique , especially since he packed more life in his last few years than most of those dweebs had experienced in their whole lives . 
  also this is a pretty early picture of zyzz , he got way bigger near the end . 
  source : former dweeb . 
  he 's probably short on cash flow , but he 's still loaded . 
  it 's photoshopped as shit . 
  his body is great as always , but i just ca n't get over his face . 
  maybe it 's shopped way too hard , but he just looks ultra autistic . 
  also , the shop job on the right biceps and calf are super bad . 
  oh , she was trying . 
  i do n't care either way , just curious , what rule did the zyzz thread break ? 
  the picture is literally a drum circle . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  i mean i do n't rage or quit . 
  but i definitely mute mute my barely sentient teammates and tryhard way less . 
  this is in mm of course , in esea i 've come back from 14-1 halves . 
  i get married tomorrow . 
  it just hit me . 
  holy shit , hype . 
  also , i ca n't take my bicycle on my flight to the honeymoon , so i am going to bike super hard monday morning and hope it lasts most of the week . 
  will update on how that works out . 
  jesus dude , you win . 
  i do n't think it can get more autistic than this . 
  more . 
  weeks worth . 
  i ca n't watch the video . 
  does this change wood elves at all ? 
  i tried three separate campaigns and i feel like a certain amount of turns in , you get beastmen raped no matter what . 
  this is surely the edgy post that finally impeaches him . 
  it 's like y' all are forgetting the days when kennys would hard carry titan every . 
  single . 
  game . 
  if you play mm you are signing a consent form to be cheated against . 
  valve gave up on anti-cheat the second they put esea on the market . 
  that 's your real prime mm . 
  on 4:3 bb i can see everything directly in my field of vision . 
  i do n't have to move my eyes too much and there are no distractions in my peripheral vision . 
  it 's much easier to focus and tryhard . 
  also this is a total placebo , but at 16:9 , i ca n't hit the side of a barn with an awp . 
  at 4:3 bb my flicks are insane . 
  high quality content for sure . 
  the peak of western civilization . 
  wow , zuckerberg is a giant piece of shit who bought all the houses in his neighborhood and built a wall so he does n't have any neighbors ?!, 
  who would have thought ? 
  the issue i was pointing out is that he preaches about inclusion and tearing down and not building up walls , while not including anyone and building walls . 
  he is a grade a jackass . 
  he ca n't be serious . 
  wait , is he serious ? 
  i do n't understand how anyone can maintain muscle mass if using coke heavily . 
  i heard from a friend that it pretty much makes muscle melt off your body . 
  it 's absurdly pay to win . 
  the pyro units are overpowered in the hopes of everyone buying the $ 19.99 pyro bundle . 
  i wish someone would come out with a mobile game that was intended to actually be played , not just farm whales . 
  this triggers the fat lady . 
  hot virtue signaling fresh off the press . 
  virtue signaling here . 
  get your virtue signaling here . 
  fresh off the press . 
  moba shooters are just a nightmare to spectate in general , which is why they will never take off as a watchable esport . 
  cs is fun to watch because it 's easy to understand . 
  for games like overwatch , you have to have much more baseline knowledge to even have a minimal idea of what is going on in the game . 
  new to the game . 
  now i am a softcore pleb . 
  i was having fun , but now that i died i feel like scrapping and starting all over . 
  does it always feel like this ? 
  the real point of this post is that your uncle is in a quilting club . 
  must be raising real men in that family there . 
  lol why though ? 
  go be an incel somewhere else . 
  xd le reddit army is here, 
  that would be carried around by a woman ... 
  lol pay your taxes . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  is this going to be another season of all politics , no sport ? 
  cause if so , i 'd rather just quit watching now . 
  i know , fuck me for wanting to watch football during the broadcasts of the national football league .
