  atlantic city . 
  loyalty is fading and people are butthurt about it . 
  you 're probably right . 
   cheating made me realize i 100 % want to be with him, 
  haha , no . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you do n't decide whether you care about someone or not but fucking someone else . 
  you just need attention and are not getting it . 
  leave you ex alone and let him find a human being to be with . 
  your girlfriend does not see you as someone worthy of her respect . 
  whether she 's cheating on you or not is irrelevant at this point . 
  break up . 
  let me guess , you always fuck when you see each other thought , right ? 
  you 're not a girlfriend , you 're a fuck piece . 
  you should have known that seeing as how he is 15 years your senior . 
  when he was 18 , you were 3 . 
  you two have nothing in common except his dick inside you . 
  someone link the / r/askwomen equivalent , i want to read that self-validation shit show . 
  i am male and in my late 20s ... 
  good try though . 
  haha check my post history bro , i am definitely a male . 
  and i am zero percent mad at her . 
  if anything , i ca n't wait until i get to my 40s so i can keep a soulless 20yo slam piece around . 
  man , i am sure glad all this multiculturalism is working out . 
  it literally has worked out in 100 % of cases in history . 
  i hope we get more . 
  i ca n't wait to hear how white people get blamed for this . 
  i 'll btc tip you to make me one of these . 
  1648 score . 
  90 comments . 
  seems legit . 
  kill her . 
  wow guy , wow !, 
  i will be seeing you when i am in denver . 
  what exactly were your intentions with me ? 
  dead serious , because i do n't know . 
  i just want to know if i was used for something . 
  or if i was a rebound . 
  or anything really . 
  i want to know if any mutual intent to create a relationship existed . 
  if you feel like taking a trip to the county , ask for lindsey at fx studios . 
  she solely does male hair and i know me and a number of her clients have longer hair . 
  this !, 
  worked so hard to get me and then lost interest immediately . 
  we dated two separate times for a few months each . 
  overall negative experience . 
  4/10 - would n't date again . 
  try again . 
  if nothing , then yes move on . 
  being a wine vendor is a busy job . 
  do n't write her off yet . 
  honestly dude , strippers are strippers and they know that . 
  they are working girls lite version . 
  do n't get into a conversation unless she chats you up . 
  and do n't tell her she 's beautiful . 
  you say that to your girlfriend . 
  tell the stripper she is fucking hot . 
  if you 're out of town , ask for cool places to check out . 
  strippers are up there with bartenders on local knowledge . 
  i hate to be the one to tell you this but your girlfriend is taking dick and it 's not yours . 
  time to go . 
  good . 
  so do n't . 
  chase it . 
  some women are worth breaking the rule book for . 
  i mean me personally , no , although there are a number of my classmates whose pussies i 'd have paid to see . 
  i can definitely see a mentally ill person doing that though . 
  oh man , i ca n't wait to watch the fembrigade ravage you . 
  yes , you should talk to her . 
  yes , she should n't do that . 
  yes , bras are uncomfortable . 
  no , the world will not change to suit your comfort . 
  yes , her roommates and other males in the area will see her nipples in a sexual manner . 
  she needs time to unfuck her head ? 
  that 's the most bullshit thing i 've heard on this sub in like 15 minutes . 
  she needs time to unfuck her head by fucking her ex . 
  quit cucking and move on . 
  he is either trying to fuck , or he is trying to keep you around in case there is a chance of fucking later . 
  if you have no intentions of fucking him anymore , cut that off . 
  telling women to wear bras or shave their legs on reddit is the equivalent of killing a baby in real life and then fucking its corpse . 
  yes . 
  what kind of a fucking question is this ? 
  nice appeal to emotion bruh . 
  most migrants are actually [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pwb5uxj.jpg ) . 
  congratulations on cherry picking the one sad story to support your argument though . 
  even if it was n't a joke , you kind of did overreact . 
  you do n't have to be confrontational with everyone who expresses sexual interest in you . 
  assume a personal amount order from us to us with all safety precautions taken . 
  assume white , professional , clean criminal record and the ability to pay for lawyer . 
  what is the absolute worst that could happen if i get arrested ? 
  are they really going to put me in prison for 5 years over a gram of blow ? 
  well obviously , sex . 
  also next time you are around your boyfriend 's friends , be perfect . 
  i mean * perfect * . 
  lastly , it could help if you reached out to the people from the wedding and apologized as a sign of being genuinely sorry . 
  i am sure he would appreciate that . 
  still feel super guilty over the whole nazi thing . 
  man , spreading the word of the lord is a dangerous activity nowadays . 
  this is the most naive thing i 've ever read . 
  if they were going temporarily , they would n't travel all the way up to germany .
