  i have been drifting between ranks 13-17 with a midrange hunter this past week . 
  today i made a cancer cthun warrior deck that was as close to f2p as possible . 
  i am now rank 10 and still rising , just from this morning . 
  i auto concede to other warriors , but my win rate against any other class is so insanely high that i can still chain wins and rise in rank . 
  witch hunting . 
  mods , remove this post . 
  but they are poor brazillians who only got so good through the struggles they had to endure to get to where they are today !, 
  valve wo n't compromise their scene . 
  they know . 
  they just wo n't do anything about it . 
  the way the pros cheat is by mouse and/or keyboard injected aim locks which they only use to gain information on the positioning , e.g. 
  sk being at the same site liquid attacked on t cobble during the final every single round . 
  the cheats activate after a combination of keys is pressed , as in , right-left-right-lock etc. 
  i do n't watch cs games anymore , you 're just watching hackers hack against each other . 
  is there any reason not to auto concede to warriors in standard ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  maybe i am too new to the game but warrior is broken and unbeatable as far as i am concerned . 
  if you win , you got lucky on them having a shitty draw . 
  warrior is the only class that gets 100 % of their utility from classic class cards and can essentially stack legendaries to fill out their deck . 
  if they have fiery win axe in their starting hand , they automatically win because they can control you for the first 1-4 turns unless you happened to tech in swamp ooze . 
  free board clear against any aggro with ghoulfuck supreme . 
  then slam/shield slam and execute combo to clear anything you may have of value . 
  oh and do n't forget the max stacking armor with 2m 4 armor justicar supreme and the cthun activated shieldbearer for twenty fucking armor . 
  oh yeah , and 3m 5 armor card draw . 
  and maybe a three damage , three armor clear if you 're feeling lucky . 
  totally working as intended . 
  i do play warrior . 
  whenever i drop in rank from playing other classes , i hop on my warrior and cheese myself up 5 ranks again . 
  i do n't think my point came through correctly . 
  obviously with the right deck and the right luck you can beet a warrior . 
  however the chances are invariably stacked against you . 
  if i am trying to rise in rank , i seem to do much better if i auto concede against warriors , rather than take the 30 min loss and chain wins against all other classes pretty much . 
  nothing gets nerfed ever . 
  look at shaman and warrior . 
  i play warrior when i want a free ride up the ranks . 
  i got to 42 armor earlier . 
  it was awesome . 
  nothing . 
  remove all chat if anything . 
  wow ... 
  twitter is owned by the saudis . 
  they have wanted to ban him forever . 
  isis twitter ? 
  totally fine . 
  milo twitter ? 
  fuck that . 
  csgl has all kids of shady russian mob ties . 
  i hope they are n't happy about this . 
  either way , pack it up guys , it was fun while it lasted . 
  i will miss match betting . 
  the game has been more rng since wotog . 
  it 's the rng expansion . 
  hopefully , it will phase out . 
  working as intended . 
  you mean you do n't like facing aggro shaman or control warrior 8/10 games ? 
  everyone on this subreddit plays warrior . 
  working as intended brah . 
  anything that a warrior drops . 
  fun fact , i just hopped on my aggro shaman deck and have faced 7 warriors in a row . 
  edit : i also have n't even seen my doomhammer in any of those 7 games . 
  and it seems like the taunt totem has decided to leave my hero power . 
  i thought this would be a fun expansion in any way shape or form . 
   plays warrior, 
   does n't think it 's bad, 
  hearthstone ez mode man , just join the ranks . 
  step 1 : create the best warrior deck you can from the decks on hearthpwn . 
  step 2 : faceroll to legend . 
  step 3 : change one or two legendaries and then post it on hearthpwn as the `` new meta '', 
  step 4 : start your own twitch channel and make money . 
  wow, 
  play warrior . 
  top two card types i want to see in the next adventure, 
  armor shredder - shred all armor from the enemy hero and do that much damage to them . 
  spell taunt - any spells cast must hit this target first . 
  fuck that , and fuck that card . 
  justicar can stay with a rework . 
  the only people that would say the current iteration that lets you get 4 armor for 2 mana for rest of the game is fine are control warriors who win solely on that . 
  maybe when she comes out , your hero power becomes 3 for 3 . 
  or she gets more health and the 4 for 2 hero power only lasts while she 's alive . 
  the whole idea of her changing your hero power indefinitely and making it so unnecessarily strong is just cancer . 
  none yet , but eloise called and said something i could n't understand that i am assuming was about getting it on . 
  the entire classic set of that class needs to get wiped off the face of the planet . 
  i do n't understand how any of you can call yourselves democrats and not feel the need to immediately shower afterwards . 
  i too would like to have a custom mouse . 
  serious , non-troll question - what benefit , if any , would valve have from enforcing anti-cheats at this point ? 
  enforcing cheating protection would result in banned players . 
  the damage done to the credibility of the scene by the knowledge that there have been cheaters at the past few major would far outweigh any benefit . 
  it just does n't make any sense from a business standpoint . 
   feel between new and worn-in gear can be significant too, 
  this is a bullshit argument . 
  it really ca n't be significant . 
  and even if it could , the handicap applies to both teams . 
  because valve has no benefit from doing any of that . 
  they would kill their own cash cow . 
  how can you call yourselves a democrat and not get an overwhelming urge to shower right after . 
  not for much longer at this rate . 
  fun fact for anyone reading this , look at the user 's post history . 
  pretty much guaranteed shill . 
  the mods are on hillary 's payroll . 
  tl ; dr - `` you go fuck yourself . '',
