  i am new to the game , so pardon me if this is a stupid question . 
  do you raise faith to 12 just to wield the astora sword . . ? 
  noob question . 
  every sorc build recommends a raw astora straight sword . 
  i started as sorcerer . 
  do i really need to invest 5 levels worth of souls to get faith to 12 to wield the weapon . . ? 
  this guy and his wheelchair bound future are the argument against universal healthcare . 
  what represents a proportionate number ? 
  how is a proportionate number decided upon ? 
  what supports the current number being disproportionate ? 
  if we put the population in the denominator , we get a percentage . 
  you then took that percentage and attached an opinion to it in order to classify it as ` disproportionate ' . 
  i am just trying to find out if you have anything empirical to support that opinion with . 
  you 're missing the point by miles . 
  let 's say 20 % of the people shot by police are black . 
  what is the metric that you used to decide that 20 % is too much ? 
  what is a proportionate representation ? 
  and do you have any empirical backup for your statements or do you just ` feel ' its disproportionate . 
  i 'm not trolling , you 're just twisting the narrative to present a disingenuous and non-existent viewpoint . 
  you ca n't apply your proportion argument to it . 
  what are officers supposed to go into work and check the current percentage of black people shot by police this year , to see if they can appropriately respond to a threat ? 
  black people are in more disadvantageous socioeconomic situations , which leads to a higher incidence rate of crime , which leads to more encounters with law enforcement , which leads to more black people being shot . 
  police are n't just going around shooting people because they are black and to think that is to apply your own one sided views on race and law enforcement to a broad spectrum they simply do n't apply to . 
  police shoot violent criminals , regardless of color . 
  if you want to stop black people getting shot by police , do n't tell police to not shoot black people , tell black people to not commit crimes , or even better , improve their social status , community deficiencies and economic outlook so that they are less likely to accept the opportunity cost of a life of crime . 
  this is the girl that a group of semi-attractive girls keeps around to make them look better when seen in context . 
  if it makes you feel better , having two hands really would n't help with the opposite sex , you 'd still be fat . 
  i say opposite sex because i am not really sure . 
  you look like a mid-hormone therapy mtf lesbian . 
  there is still the potential your mom could love you , but judging by all the crack she did while she was pregnant to make you turn out this way , i doubt it . 
  it 's always germans . 
  itt : neckbeards scared of someone finding out they watch anime porn . 
  trust me . 
  we know . 
  try killing him . 
  these are solo wq . 
  party and raid wqs should reward better items i assume . 
  muh cultural appropriation . 
  you tried to bm knowing the game does n't work that way and got fucked . 
  i do n't feel for you . 
  i love how new accounts always come out in droves to post anti-trump stuff whenever some new shit about hillary comes out . 
  b team popular girl who thinks she is about to make major league because the football quarterback jizzed on her chin last night . 
  it 's like the robotics team of a high school , except for the brains and the bright futures . 
  as a blood dk , i feel constantly rune and rp starved . 
  the class seems castrated from its previous iterations . 
  i dunno if its the healers i am running with , but on mythic boss fights , i feel like i keep everything on cooldown the whole time . 
  i will run in and pop vb right away . 
  then i pop berserking ( i 'm a troll ) and spam hs the rest of the time , while keeping at least 5 bone shield charges . 
  i have the legendary belt , so i spam hs like they are paying me for it . 
  i have mark of blood , which i keep on the target with 100 % uptime , same as plague . 
  i rotate bone shield and ams on cooldown pretty much . 
  i use rune tap to negate big strikes and only really ds to negate any mishap in the flow of healing , if my health gets below say 60 % or something . 
  it just seems like i am * barely * surviving . 
  it 's never comfortable . 
  i actually had that recently . 
  i switched back to rune tap because it seemed easier to me with pug healers to negate the damage rather than them see a huge chunk of my even huger health pool disappear and panic . 
  talents are :, 
  * bloodworms, 
  * spectral deflection, 
  * anti-magic barrier, 
  * mark of blood, 
  * march of the damned, 
  * rune tap, 
  * bonestorm, 
  again , it could be just my perception , but whenever my pally tank friend is on , i will just roll frost and i see his health barely dip in mythics . 
  mine is a constant up-down roller coaster ride . 
  who the fuck is this `` we '' you people keep talking about ? 
  just because we were all born in the same range of years , does n't make us all a unanimous opinion machine . 
  believe it or not , there are actually dozens of us who are not far-left real life dreads girl memes . 
  until volvo region locks the game , lol will always be a better experience , simply because of the no peruvians . 
  dota is one giant worst feeling packed into a video game . 
  every few months , i will forget why i hate it , so i will log in for 45 minutes of hell to remind myself . 
  the game is shit , it just happens to be addictive shit that makes you feel good when you win . 
  it 's not region locked because valve is a sjw now , so i am stuck playing with 4 peruvian teenagers who decide they will get more enjoyment out of their one hour at the internet cafe to flame me for being a gringo in broken english instead of playing the game . 
  what point is there of peruvian servers existing if you can just choose what fucking server you want to queue on ?!, 
  even if that was n't a thing , the whole design philosophy of the game is flawed . 
  a game designed on having a support archetype ( support , not healer ) is automatically a fail because playing support downright blows . 
  it 's a carry vs. carry game , where you as a support get blamed for every loss and get no credit for every win . 
  why , why , why ? 
  how is this the best way to have a moba ? 
  it 's like having a 11vs11 soccer game , where 5 people on each team are not allowed to touch the ball except to hand it to one of the `` carry '' players when it runs out of bounds . 
  the whole concept of a position 5 player is that we get one person to be our team bitch so the other 4 of us can have fun . 
  that 's just flawed design . 
  beyond that it 's such an easy issue to fix . 
  make wards of both types a skill that every player has that simply has a cooldown . 
  delete the `` we need more wards '' ping from the game and permaban anyone who has ever used it . 
  rewrite the meta to a 2-1-2 lane battle where the double lanes are about hero synergy , not about one person sacrificing for the other . 
  let everyone have fun . 
  and the worst part of dota is that 9/10 games are over in the first 10 minutes , but they still last 45 minutes . 
  in lol you have a surrender button . 
  in cs , every round is a new game , where you have a chance to turn things around . 
  in dota if you lose the early farm you have to sit there for 45 minutes and listen to juan carlos chucho carillo santiago miguel type `` ez '' into all chat . 
  league of legends is an infinitely better game than dota . 
  heroes of the storm is an infinitely better game than dota . 
  that marvel moba that never happened is an infinitely better game than dota . 
  fuck , vain glory on a iphone 4 is an infinitely better game than dota . 
  fuck any and everyone who has ever queued to a server not in their region . 
  see you all in three months when i decide to get reminded of how big of a piece of shit this game is . 
  i 'm out . 
  black guy points gun at black cop and gets shot ?
