  actually no . 
  they have been broadcasting the anthems hardcore since kaeperfuck started the whole thing . 
  it 's all they talk about pre-game . 
  shit , it 's all they talk about on espn period . 
  actually they are , because they are talking about the fight for equal rights and an accountable police force during my football coverage . 
  you 're on a fucking football subreddit and we have a thread on the front page about who the fuck kneeled during the anthem . 
  i 'd go to tumblr or cnn if i wanted that bullshit . 
  sorry my desire for a politics free national pastime every sunday is getting in the way of your identity politics soapbox . 
  what do you mean `` you people '' ? 
  and if you want to preach bullshit from your soap box , as a person of color , you are infinitely more likely to get killed by one of `` you people '' than by a police officer . 
  go protest that shit . 
  just do n't do it on national tv during a football game . 
  damn , / u/gallowboob it must be exhausting to be this pissed off all the time ... 
  itt : angry overweight women with small boobs . 
  oh , and white knights . 
  lots . 
  and lots . 
  of white knights . 
  there are no new players . 
  just new alts . 
  clearly this is a lie . 
  it is impossible to cheat on offical valve anti-cheat \u2122 protected servers . 
  the man found what he loved and he let it kill him . 
  i truly respect that . 
  i just did n't think it would hit me this hard ... 
  i really wanted rich to pull through . 
  he loved doing what he did . 
  i doubt any anorexic woman loves being anorexic ... 
  can you let the guy 's body cool off before you pull out your moral superiority soapbox please ? 
  actually , on second thought , i just saw your previous post history , you 're welcome to just fuck off in general . 
  / r/all foreversmalls are starting to invade this thread with their infinite knowledge on bodybuilding ... 
  this guy is a troll . 
  ignore . 
  not wrong , just a suicide material retard . 
  dude , there are too many onions in the air today . 
  i just ca n't . 
  you ca n't tell me that cunt did n't have anything to do with his relapse . 
  got married , had an amazing honeymoon and hit 3 plate bench , 5 plate deadlift for the first time , all in august . 
  we 're all gon na make it i guess . 
  knowing how hard sara dragged him through the mud , i hope he made a will cutting her out of anything and everything he could . 
  knowing how hard sara dragged him through the mud , i hope he made a will cutting her out of anything and everything he could . 
  i am astounded by the amount of hate self-loathing neckbeards can unleash against a dead man whose lifestyle they disagree with . 
  it 's pretty disgusting honestly ... 
  we do n't . 
  islam - not even once . 
  no wonder they all run out of money . 
  no shock in the results . 
  impressed with mcgregor . 
  the fight showed what it was supposed to - floyd fights like a bitch , but he 's the best bitch currently alive . 
  vegas is made of cocaine . 
  brute is a giant sack of shit , that 's for sure . 
  totino 's needs to die off into oblivion . 
  or at least do major rebranding and remarketing . 
  their entire current marketing effort relies on painting themselves as a food for fat neckbeards . 
  stay there . 
  i feel like after you pass a sweet spot , gym bunnies get intimidated from approaching . 
  i always work out with a hoodie on , hood up , and i 've been hitting 295x3 , 315x2 my last few workouts and i ca n't even get a smile . 
  not that i want to , it would just be nice . 
  although there is this gym mom that i think loves to hover around my workout area but it could be pure coincidence . 
  my entire lifting dream has been the 3-4-5 , 3 plate bench , 4 plate squat , 5 plate deadlift . 
  i hit the 3 and the 5 , but i struggle to put up 335 on squat currently . 
  i had to stop the leg gains to fit into a tux and now they 're lagging ... 
  side note , i am so small . 
  like if i turn sideways , you can barely see me . 
  but all the women in my family have started preaching that i am getting too big and i need to stop lifting and lose weight all due to one bad cholesterol test , and my so is starting to buy into it , which makes me sad :(, 
  i just want to get big . 
  second comment , i 've started to get massages to fight some really bad knots on my back . 
  the cute hippie milf giving me the massages said she does private massage , either at my place or at hers at a way discounted price , which is a better option for people who need long term treatment , which i do . 
  so i want to invite her over for a two hour session but i have no idea how the logistics work around a private massage in my house . 
  like do i provide the music , or does she . 
  you know how they leave the room and ask you to change and get under the blanket ? 
  should i be fully dressed , or do i just wait for her with a robe and nothing underneath ? 
  tl ; dr - has anyone done this before , and how do i make it not awkward ? 
  i 've always gone for `` big and brooding '' in my gym attire choices . 
  i dunno , i think i 've reached a point where i scare women rather than attract them . 
  which is awesome , because i think i am starting to slowly enter `` made it '' territory . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm working on currently . 
  i 'm already on the upper weight end of what i feel comfortable with though . 
  i need to go through a nice long suicide cut and then focus on getting them numbers up . 
  bodyfat is where my issue . 
  i 've been bulking dirty and am on a monk diet currently . 
  chicken breast and broccoli for every meal . 
  for the shits and giggles , my ldl is 235 , so i think you 're okay haha . 
  it 's always been dead . 
  get good and play cs . 
  who is n't . 
  we all keep chasing them dubs though . 
  lol something being done about the cheating that 's funny ... 
  blizzard is still making insanely fun games though ... 
  dude . 
  run . 
  no homo but where do y' all buy gym clothes ? 
  like cool gym clothes . 
  i recently realized i am barely one step above the indian guy in a polo and flip flops . 
  he smashed that guaranteed . 
  would not swipe . 
  i pulled my first 5 plate deadlift wearing eastern european squatter track pants . 
  itt : cheaters complaining that intrusive vac compromises their privacy . 
  i want to get excited about this game but i have a feeling it will be too heavy in politics and too light in fart jokes . 
  i did n't need to get all teary eyed this early in the morning ...
