  there was a vacwave . 
  a lot of people bought new accounts and are playing their ranking games , which they want to lose so that they rank low and can shit on people actually trying to enjoy the game . 
  this it the coolest tournament ever . 
  will send you a friend request , wo n't be playing until later tonight . 
  gnm , just deranked from mg1 . 
  - redefined, 
  you 're the reason the requirement was created . 
  you 're not creating an alt account . 
  you do n't need an alt account . 
  you 're creating a smurf . 
  none of these things will happen . 
  you will get more cases though . 
  money money money money money . 
  rooroo , elige , ptr , fl0wsick , hiko with devilwalk as coach . 
  enough to be comfortable , not enough to be content . 
  mostly cocaine and hookers . 
  nah man , you got ta be open with that . 
  if i think that shirt looks good on you i 'm gon na tell you . 
  just because i think a man looks good does n't mean i want to suck dick all the sudden . 
  if you 're confident in your sexuality , you do n't need to be scared of complimenting other men . 
  take it out , do n't leave it in . 
  leaving it in is how people kill themselves . 
  how you do it is up to you . 
  hitting inanimate objects is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  like normal ? 
  why do you need to make a big deal out of it ? 
  she does n't hate it because you hit stuff . 
  she hates it because you get on tilt . 
  woman like a man on even keel . 
  save the outbursts for when you 're alone . 
  when you 're with her , be poker face , always . 
  nothing shakes you . 
  there is no such thing as a real man . 
  when someone says you `` a real man does x '' , stop listening , and move on . 
  a real man does whatever the fuck he wants to . 
  love it !, 
  efrag at # 27 ? 
  this list is a joke . 
  once a day usually . 
  the only times that i do n't are if i 'm `` saving '' . 
  is there a track list for this anywhere ? 
  i have a question . 
  i live in maryland . 
  what do i do . 
  she made me believe she was in love with me . 
  in case i want to have a large `` amount '' for my so . 
  s1mple standing in for hr . 
  adren out . 
  that 's big . 
  just sayin ... 
  hr is going to be coming in this game like hot fire . 
  s1mple is a piece of garbage ... who unfortunately can play really good cs : go . 
  he hates f3 . 
  he 's going to come into this game like hot fire . 
  alternatively , flipsid3 are going to be playing their top notch game . 
  this is one game they dont want to lose . 
  one side is just stupid . 
  both sides is actually really hot if done right . 
  it 's a very non vanilla look . 
  if you 're into a vanilla look , it will look stupid . 
  grow balls . 
  all of this is a terrible idea . 
  mmmmmmm dem crisped fatty edges doe . 
  would 97k in items be enough for the bayonet slaughter mw ? 
  will do , which nametag are you selling , or do you not care ? 
  sent , let me know if the adds work for you , or if i need to readjust . 
  my bad , i am using steam analyst to get values . 
  i 'll rework the trade . 
  because cases man . 
  valve only cares about the bottom line . 
  i 've never understood why gamers blow them so hard . 
  when you had to pick an adjective to describe your body type on the profile creation session , which adjective did you choose ? 
  i would not have a girlfriend anymore . 
  grow balls . 
  do n't be a cuck . 
  that was fucking retarded . 
  honestly , i do n't feel like babam belonged at this event . 
  his casting style is not fit for a major lan . 
  this is top tier professional competition . 
  i want to hear analysis . 
  play by plays . 
  not moumoumoumoumoumoumou . 
  i get the appeal and i find it entertaining sometimes when watching tier 3 games , but it is out of place in a lan . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  your girlfriend is only with you because you 're a medicine student . 
  she is a long play gold digger . 
  lose that shit and find someone who respects you . 
  dudes on reddit seems to have some really strong cuckold undercurrents . 
  50 % of / r/relationships is `` my gf is sleeping at her best guy friend 's house , should i be worried ? '', 
  and now 4,000 more syrian refugees will cross the border into turkey . 
  you 're an asshole and i hope you get hit by a car . 
  it is children who suck at their actual rank and are trying to get to a lower rank so they can actually compete . 
  makes me want to manually abort the next 12 year old i see . 
  it 's the most recent scummery that the filth pit which is the cs : go community has come up with . 
  because faze has a rampant following of sub 16 year old filth . 
  if faze comes , they come . 
  this game is at it 's limit of < 18 players . 
  yes , but do you really think a 100 % unknown team will get the first place prize ? 
  or even be top 3 ? 
  you can hack your way into the tournament , sure , but you wo n't hack your way to the top prize .
