  would be super impressive though . 
  i am currently chasing the 5 plate pull . 
  i did 465 last week , so i 'm nearing there . 
  if you are male , and not in the fraternity , you will not have a good time . 
  if you are male , and in the fraternity , you will have a good time . 
  if you are female , it 's 50/50 . 
  the current wave of feminism is cancer and has nothing to do with equality , or women even . 
  is it actually a thing ? 
  or is it more of a fitness meme ? 
  they were just empowered bro , do n't hate . 
  who said that it did ? 
  i was congratulating her on expressing her sexuality . 
  why are you not attracted to tall/fat/black / filipino/trigender/paraplegic / martian/cherokee/etc women ? 
  fuck lady , i 'm just not . 
  attraction is n't a zero sum game . 
  i 'm not an equal opportunity employer . 
  i 'm attracted to what i 'm attracted to , and not attracted to things that do n't attract me . 
  as is everyone else . 
  team booty . 
  why would you want to even do that platonically ? 
  who is rofl ? 
  you need to get out more . 
  not everyone is out to rape you . 
  every round feels exactly the same . 
  i enjoyed it , but went back to cs sadly . 
  we really need another truly competitive shooter to tackle the scene . 
  sadly the current iteration of competitive shooter in dev 's eyes is a moba/shooter combo with focus on abilities and compositions rather than high skill ceiling gunplay . 
  red flag , pass . 
  try to smash first though . 
  sometimes i wish there was a curves but for men so i did n't have to see gym bunnies in see through tights in every mirror when i 'm checking myself out . 
  i 'm drowning in test right now girl . 
  my dick is literally pointing at you in my underwear . 
  i ca n't help it . 
  i thought i was , i guess not though . 
  are there more games today ? 
  i do n't understand the d/e match designation . 
  it was too preachy and tryhard on the moral compass for my liking . 
  the first time it was a wow moment , but then you had to endure another 5-6 hours of it to finish the game and it got very overbearing . 
  each mission i would think to myself `` how much of an asshole is my character going to be this time ? '', 
  i did n't know cevo was still even a thing . 
  they need a matchmaking system of sorts . 
  in it 's current iteration , the cevo client is 4 man premades shitting on random pugs . 
  i love how she still goes by piana on her social media . 
  true sloot of the lowest order . 
  remember folks , when it comes to meat bags , fuck and forget . 
  fall in love and you lost . 
  define minimal ? 
  for me it boils down to two things . 
  a ) i do n't want something everyone else has had . 
  and i get it , women are sexual creatures too , but if we run into someone you 've gotten dicked out by at every bar we go , chances are you 're a hoe and i want to take my turn on the bicycle and move on with my life . 
  b ) its also about severity , not just total number of partners . 
  if you had a high number of partners because you went through a phase in college or have had a number of relationships , fine , i can maybe let that go . 
  but if you went through a time where getting stuffed airtight every weekend was your thing , i 'll pass . 
  it 's one thing to have a lot of partners , it 's different to be fuck meat , and if you 're fuck meat were not dating . 
  contrary to popular belief , men and women can be friends without banging . 
  that being said , yes all her male friends want to bang her . 
  no , that does n't mean she wants to bang them . 
  lastly , `` all my friends are male '' and `` i just get along with guys so much better '' directly translate to `` i love attention and constantly seek it '', 
  sure , the terminology has been deep into cringe space for a while now , but that does n't change the fact that male social hierarchy is a thing . 
  i prefer `` nu male '' to cuck now . 
  there needs to be a term for low test mid-20s white losers in thick rimmed glasses and a mustache who know everything , but cuck has gotten too politically charged recently . 
  virtue signaling to try and get laid . 
  no , you do n't care about feminism or the plight of black urban america . 
  you just think that if you play your care cards right she might touch your wiener . 
  find out who you are as a man and be that . 
  i 'd lick her asshole . 
  serious question , how do tren dudes manage to look dry in pics like this ? 
  this is clearly at the gym , so hopefully working out . 
  and i thought the tren made you sweat buckets ? 
  you ca n't `` test '' for anything . 
  unfortunately , if you do n't pick up on it early on , you find out about it when you start getting to know each other better and learning more about your sexual histories . 
  if at that point you hear something that 's a deal breaker to you , you smash one more time , and then break up . 
  aspirin can kill you if abused or unlucky genetics/predispositions to certain stuff . 
  you can add `` can kill you if abused or unlucky genetics/predispositions to certain stuff '' to anything , and it will work . 
  nothing of what i said had anything to do with thinking , just outward image and general personality traits . 
  i 've heard the pct is infinitely worse than the cycle , which is why so many people decide to bnc instead . 
  let me know how it goes for you , i 'm curious . 
  a really hot body is fun but ca n't carry a relationship if there is n't at least a minimal existence of personality or even a soul to back it up . 
  that subreddit does n't exist anymore apparently . 
  i meant i do n't want to date it . 
  i 'll blow one or two loads in it though . 
  good core beliefs that get muddled in a sea of extremist bullshit . 
  another social media personality on juice talking about juice as if he 's not on juice . 
  i wish we could just have a frank medical understanding of what is and is n't possible naturally . 
  instead we have turds selling snake oil to gullible people while on a perpetual blast . 
  by the way , any of you guys wan na buy some of my new androtrenbolics 9001 ? 
  my proprietary blend will boost your natural testosterone production by 5x !!!!!, 
  only $ 59.99 for a 30 day supply . 
  use code pretty on testogenics.com !!, 
  ** these statements have not been evaluated by the fda . 
  promiscuity is judged differently in context to gender . 
  welcome to real life , where double standards exist and your feelings do n't matter . 
  it 's a sick way to cut hard though !, 
  lol u mad, 
  what 's the battle about ? 
  wait , what ? 
  the lunk alarm is seriously a thing ? 
  where do all of you get ephedrine in the u.s. so easily for your eca stacks ? 
  when it comes to greed , ea and ubisoft get brought up regularly , but valve 's knack for squeezing out cash from their customers is unmatched in the electronic entertainment world . 
  they are a distribution company with a thinly veiled gambling side-business .
