  just admit you cheat and do n't want to get caught , it will make this a lot easier . 
   i 'm not going to defend myself to some dipshit on reddit . 
  then why should i defend myself to you ... ? 
  of course . 
  why the fuck would you even have to justify that , ever ? 
  why would shooting do anything adverse to your watch though ? 
  what part is disappointing exactly ? 
  here you are wrong . 
  ua is targeting the county workforce . 
  all you hippies seem to think port covington is some sort of cherry hill rejuvenation bullshit . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's `` make the county want to move back to baltimore '' bullshit . 
  business seniors at towson university ... ? 
  the baltimore community is detrimental to baltimore . 
  this project is about baltimore . 
  not the baltimore community . 
  kevin plank is from bethesda , not the alameda . 
  just because i do n't feed into bullshit , does n't mean i disagree with it . 
  port covington is doing exactly what baltimore needs , which is to bring the county back into the city . 
  i 've been reading your 2 baltimore garbage on this thread for half an hour now . 
  the other baltimore is done . 
  it 's gone man . 
  we 're not going back for it . 
  let it go . 
  me too . 
  i 'm just tired of gentrification being painted as a bad thing on this sub . 
  without it , fells point would still be a slum , canton would be an unemployed blue collar neighborhood , harbor east would be a parking lot and federal hill would be low income housing . 
  the city would n't even have the tiny ass tax base it has now . 
  if you want to fix the city , you have to make people want to live in it first . 
  currently , people party in there until they get married and want to have a kid and move themselves , and their money , out to the county . 
  i hear and partially agree with you . 
  the way i see it , bigger tax base = good , and pc = bigger tax base . 
  is that like an irc ? 
  cause an / r/baltimore irc could be cool . 
  it 's a great thing !, 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  haha , vanity project . 
  that 's funny you say that and sad you think that at the same time . 
  so that 's why everyone is moving to canada if trump wins ... 
  he is one step away from saying indigenous peoples ... 
  can you still buy old radium wrist watches anywhere or is that all gone ? 
  good . 
  no , it 's a bunch of neckbeards making the community of an entire city look like fedora wearing , waifu pillow fucking neckbeards . 
  not a single person in that picture except for maybe the dude with the beer on the left and/or the asian girl should be allowed outside their house . 
  i 'm a girl now ... ? 
  they shamed an entire community . 
  i am all for payback . 
  i systematically and unequivocally despise every single person in that picture . 
  clearly someone was at the 2011 meetup and is butthurt ... 
  figures . 
  you 're missing my point completely . 
  i 'd love for there to be a baltimore meetup . 
  reddit is one of the most powerful social tools out there . 
  this could be a fantastic way for young people to network socially , professionally , whatever . 
  there 's got ta be a barrier of entry though . 
  in 2011 , they did n't have a barrier of entry and you saw what happened . 
  the damage that particular event did to / r/baltimore and reddit meetups in general is massive . 
  it just reaffirmed every normal person 's secret suspicion that most of reddit was overweight , socially inept fedora wearers . 
  if you want to do something like this , do it right . 
  call mt. 
  washington tavern beforehand and let them know of your thing . 
  get a special rate or something . 
  create an event page on facebook so people have a general idea of who they will be hanging out with . 
  suggest a basic dress code . 
  a meetup is just that , a meetup , its not a drunken shitshow . 
  trust me , i do this stuff a lot . 
  the / r/baltimore dudes that had a dota 2 meetup last year for the international did it right . 
  they picked a bar , set up an event , and made the whole thing legitimate . 
  man , i must have struck a nerve with you . 
  the angst is palpable . 
  there are dozens of us . 
  dozens . 
  looks like a refugee camp . 
  holy shit western society , what are you doinggggg ? 
  correct , but will they not appear as multimedia messages on the at&t family account page under their cell phone ? 
  what are multimedia messages ? 
  are snapchats multimedia messages or just data usage ? 
  that 's what happens when you put the olympics in a third world country . 
  meanwhile , germany is trying to fuck up an entire continent for the third time in 100 years . 
  it 's fake . 
  this man knows what 's up . 
  the fountain . 
  i had to sit by myself a little bit after that one . 
  that one actually sucked though . 
  why not ? 
  the amount of drama in air soft is absurd . 
  i have a couple of people on my facebook who are into its like an amateur wrestling league with a mvp prize for who is the most tacticool person that day . 
  i hate how it says water resist . 
  teens kill a guy with a hammer and screwdriver and upload the video online . 
  he survives a ** surprisingly ** long time . 
  imagine the worst shit you 've ever seen , and multiply by about 100 . 
  unless completely desensitized to gore , do n't watch . 
  she deserved to die . 
  it actually made me happy . 
  it 's because it 's more than just gore . 
  it 's prolonged suffering . 
  that 's a hard one to swallow . 
  i think releasing all this right before the major was a terrible idea . 
  it will get swept over . 
  real talk , why not ban all german ips from accessing servers ?
