  i do far better in esea than i do in mm . 
  mm is garbage . 
  you will start off shit , but through suffering , comes improvement . 
  just lost a game to a blatant hacker who claimed he could not get banned because he only does it once a day and reports reset every 24 hours . 
  welcome to the new cs : go . 
  the game is in it 's worst state that i 've ever seen it in my cs career . 
  it 's cevo/esea for me until a major patch . 
  but i thought when a smurf plays against me , it 's supposed to make me better , right ? 
  so i think of it as reverse smurfing . 
  i 'm getting better , 9 players at a time . 
  the amount of tin foil hat neckbeards in this thread is astounding . 
  no one at valve wants nudes of your fat wife or to see your hentai porn collection . 
  but the illuminati are after my bank information . 
  so every other game i 'm in pretty much . 
  this makes me salty just watching it . 
  as usual , absolutely nothing . 
  wait , wait , wait . 
  there is a dev team ... ? 
  has there ever been a more overrated team than titan or a more overrated igl than ex6tenz ? 
  oh wow , who set the washer to the full spin cycle ? 
  honestly , valve is more ea than ea has ever been ea . 
  but people refuse to acknowledge it because omg dae gaben our lord and savior ? 
  but fuck did they taste so good . 
  shitstain deserts his post and causes the deaths of six real soldiers . 
  thinks himself jason bourne . 
  i do n't understand why this warranted a whole season . 
  if you can beat hackers , you can beat anyone . 
  what 's so wrong with cache ? 
  betting on german teams , lol you people are crazy . 
  if cruz is the candidate , it will be yet another election where the gop simply has no chance . 
  there goes the last chance republicans had at the white house :(, 
  because they demand we adjust our society to fit the way they want to live their lives . 
  trams people in bathrooms and gym locker rooms, 
  not unless they make the game server rather than client side . 
  one would think that being bought by benq would increase manufacturing capability , no ? 
  all products are fully out of stock , including on benq direct . 
  it would be , but the days of 5ms would be gone , and valve would have to actually force people into localized servers , which they never do because lol global gaming . 
  envyus ? 
  ha , more like envythem . 
  so lacklustee ... 
  envywho ? 
  envywho ? 
  i do n't live in canada though . 
  usa . 
  according to some other people , all mice are out of stock due to a recalls until further notice . 
  is this a serious post ? 
  is that really how much these go for ? 
  envyus currently looking at losing me a grand total of $ 250 today . 
  if you 've ever needed proof the rank system is fucked ... 
  they are a pug team at the moment . 
  since when is phantomlord considered a gameplay streamer ? 
  dude just opens cases . 
  do n't take these people seriously . 
  we can ban 0 cheaters . 
  and i am never playing mm again . 
  also starting a cheating account . 
  today on `` things that are never going to happen '' !!!!, 
  all this , plus more at 11 . 
  i opened an esea account just to reverse smurf . 
  when i get shit on by an account with less than 100 hours i go play esea and ruin their games . 
  sold already . 
  accepted . 
  sent 1:1 offer . 
  kara blue steel mw + 40k for the marble fade ? 
  kara blue steel mw + 60k for the doppler ? 
  how many keys add would you want for the marble fade ? 
  meet me somewhere in the middle ? 
  knife + 47k ? 
  hardball , i like it . 
  sent 50 . 
  sent for marble fade . 
  let me know . 
  how much add would you want for items ? 
  do you have screenshots anywhere ? 
  not looking for fades , sorry . 
  i want it . 
  how do i confirm your price is good ? 
  sent, 
  sent, 
  price is high with the pink corner . 
  lower it , and i 'll buy it . 
  offering 22 for the falchion . 
  sent . 
  sent . 
  sent for golden coil and awp . 
  ca n't wait to see the spin spinning on this one . 
  dey wuz just kids, 
  eyyyyy mang dey wuz just kids ese in this case i guess . 
  yes , pretty much everyone . 
  the skill brackets are so condensed , at mge , most of my games are a 16-3 stomp for one side or the other . 
  one game i feel like i 'm smurfing , another i feel like i 'm getting smurfed . 
  also the amount of sub 100 hour , 1 game accounts has never been higher . 
  i think all of us , valve included , gave up on mm a long time ago . 
  here is a better idea . 
  create unranked 5v5 and require 100 wins of that before you can play competitive . 
  rank system fixed . 
  the point he is missing is that with how hard it 's been to rank up , you have players that should be a way higher rank still in lower ranks just because they ca n't rank up . 
  to them it feels like smurfing , to everyone else , it feels like bullshit . 
  the ranking system update is an absolute disaster and has made mm unplayable . 
  just had a guy who said he was hacking to `` test vac '' .
