  no tax base , no industry , no business , just the barely flickering light bulb of harbor east , itself fed by the economic electricity of county resident money , in a city of darkness . 
  without the will to change , it is this kind of collapse that is necessary for baltimore to maybe one day turn around . 
  obviously my kids wo n't live there , but who knows , maybe their kids will , 
  `` i disagree with you , therefore you must not be from here . '', 
  `` let 's make baltimore less poor in comparison , by making the rest of maryland poorer . '', 
  well if you listen to / r/baltimore , gentrification is literally hitler . 
  ah yes , the 300 man march , all three dozen of them . 
  it 's not his problem . 
  if baltimore leadership does n't want to get it 's shit together , there is only so much he can do . 
  maryland is doing fine . 
  it 's a nice house , situated in a shithole . 
  wow man , i honestly feel bad for you . 
  that kind of one-sided fanaticism must really be a social burden . 
  why would they fix them up if no one wants to move there ? 
  you either gentrify the whole neighborhood or you end up with a row of yuppies stuck in baltimore 's shit . 
  it 's a win-win for the owners . 
  if economic drive arises to gentrify the neighborhood , they just made millions on houses they bought for pennies on the dollar . 
  if the neighborhood stays how it is , it 's a business venture write off for them . 
  if i had that kind of capital , i 'd be doing the same exact thing . 
  9/10 of them will fail but the one that bought shit houses in a neighborhood that gets gentrified will have his family set for generations . 
  the prosecution 's case was all shit and they had nothing but testimony and circumstantial evidence . 
  obviously the guy is guilty , but you have to be able to prove it , and they were n't . 
  i love how just a year ago college sports were the worst thing about academia , and now , a year later , they are the only good thing left . 
  i volunteer to nail her , 
  it 's evidence that they had sex , not that he raped her . 
  the whole thing reeks of young women acting the way young women do around millionaires and regretting it later . 
  because it improved way more than your fitness . 
  i dig ones that open in the front . 
   how much would it cost to buy a $ 5,000 rowhome in the city and rehab it ? 
  a shit ton . 
  even if back taxes are excused , any and all wiring has long been ripped out , there is asbestos , lead , crumbling foundations , shoddy plumbing . 
  you 're pretty much building a new house . 
  it proves sex , not rape . 
  yeah , but you have to factor in government inefficiency into the whole thing . 
  i guarantee you money was lost every step of the way . 
  why would i have sex with someone i do n't want to have sex with ? 
  i think you 're confused dude . 
  there is no property value around them . 
  you 're just mad . 
  i would be too , if i lived in philly . 
  i think you 're assuming that these houses became vacant and blighted overnight and that the respectful local property owners are grumbling about the fall in their property value . 
  since we are not in person , i ca n't draw you a crayon picture to explain it , but the tl ; dr is that most of these properties are in entire blocks of vacants that have been vacant since the original waves of white flight and subsequent blight . 
  * decades * . 
  there exists no property value . 
  there exist no `` owners '' . 
  the cases you are describing are a numerical minority among the 16,000 + vacant homes in the city . 
  what would the governor know , because as someone who is in baltimore for far more than a ` photo op ' i still see no outrage . 
  i saw like two dozen dudes call themselves the 300 man march and walk like ten blocks , but that 's about it . 
  everything else is just business as usual . 
  besides , the governor has an entire state to worry about , most of which is actually functioning . 
  he ca n't babysit baltimore 24/7 , as necessary as it is . 
  be aware , the same way that i feel like a neighborhood should be notified if registered sex offenders move in . 
  obviously it does n't happen , but it would be nice . 
  all 38 of them ? 
  hold me , i am shaking from the outrage . 
  hung jury led to the mistrial . 
  where did you get any of that from anything that i said ? 
  see ? 
  something positive * did * come out of this whole thing . 
  he 's an opportunist who makes money by calling people racist . 
  because claiming that she had consented is spinning guilt on the accuser which is a crapshoot . 
  careful bro , you 're not supporting the narrative . 
  threading in ban territory now . 
  if they choose to retry him , yes . 
  fat white guys who had nothing to do with freddie gray , or even cared , who just wanted to watch a baseball game . 
  but instead got rocks and bottles thrown at them , because baltimore : - *, 
  [ this guy ] ( https://twitter.com/red3blog/status/676161193900449792 ) is your unbiased source of support ? 
  sure , it is . 
  very unlikely , but possible . 
  the case against this particular officer was incredibly weak , so they could just let it hang . 
  * that * is a complete lie , because i was there , you can actually see me in the first picture . 
  your narrative is wrong and was disproved multiple times . 
  also i linked from google image search , sorry if you 're offended by wherever the link came from . 
  do n't call the pc police on me bro . 
  i 'm actually in this picture , way in the back . 
  it shows a white guy protecting himself and other patrons against an attack . 
  spin your narrative harder : - *, 
  it was automatically disproved by only being propagated by protesters and blm social media . 
  joke around and paint a narrative all you want man , but my friend next to me had to get stitches above his eye and the girl visiting us from out of town vowed to never come back to baltimore again . 
  it was no joke to anyone who was there . 
  we went to watch a baseball game , and i guarantee you , no one at sliders or pickles had any interest getting caught up in that social justice crusade . 
  i live right inside that shithole , and was there , whether you choose to take my first person account as reliable is irrelevant to me . 
  i know what i saw , and i know how bad it was , and is top 5 worst moments of my life . 
  as far as baltimore , it sucks , but do n't be so hard on it . 
  there really are parts of the city that are absolutely beautiful , and inhabited by great people , but are largely ignored and demonized in favor of the media narrative . 
  i 'm sorry you hold on to so much anger , it must be a burden . 
  i hope it works itself out over time . 
  good luck . 
  i 'm sorry , how does one misquote `` we also gave those who wish to destroy space to do that as well '' ? 
  `` hmmmm , i disagree with this person . 
  he must be a racist . '', 
  while the link is to baltimore sun , this is an op-ed , with no author listed , posted by one of / r/baltimore 's mod protected shitposters . 
  read with care . 
  not to be taken as real journalism . 
  the self-inflicted suicide of europe at the hands of angela merkel . 
  politics aside , probably star wars . 
  you delete your history because it clearly shows the mods not banning you when you clearly break rules , troll , insult other redditors and generally go around being an ass . 
  it 's like a living example of the playing chess with a pigeon analogy . 
  whenever i see you , or aresef , get argumentative though i just remember [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jrriv.jpg ) , and feel better about myself . 
  the best part is our mods are somewhere in there too ,
