  trump 's comments were n't about him being a sexual predator , they were about women being hoes . 
  he did n't say `` i did this '' he said `` they let me '' and is a commentary on how women 's inhibitions become non existent when it comes to rich and powerful men , and that 's not exactly news to anybody . 
  or r. kelly . 
  or any rich and famous male ... 
  i think t-mobile was the next coming of mobile data christ ... ? 
  in dm you are constantly moving , your apm is way higher . 
  in comp you are holding angles and are generally less mobile and passive . 
  dm trains reflexes , but it does n't translate to comp performance . 
  like i said , no proof will ever be enough for you . 
  and yes , if someone around you is stabbed and you held a knife , it is plenty enough to arouse suspicion and conduct an investigation . 
  whoa guy , easy with the witch hunting . 
  fucking witch hunter . 
  have n't you seen rule 7 ? 
  serious question , not trolling . 
  this thing is shit . 
  it 's nowhere near max pink and the corner is pure ass . 
  where are you getting 138 keys from ? 
  too low , sorry . 
  had it on my opskins account . 
  it 's back now . 
  congratulations , you are now a mod of / r/globaloffensive !, 
  same with the falchion i guess ? 
  so you do n't think we will see new skins for these knives any time soon ? 
  peek my inventory and see if youd be willing to work something out for the bright water . 
  all my items are low float . 
  [ trade link ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new/?partner=38607669&amp;token=r2yvk_h0 ), 
  how much key value would you be looking for in adds to a 0.07 bfk slaughter ? 
  for your bfk fade, 
  like ... how ... ? 
  0.07 mw bfk slaughter + some adds for your bfk fade ? 
  no thx, 
  float on the bfk ? 
  lol ? 
  but ... cheating does n't exist ? 
  no one cheats in cs : go ? 
  have n't you seen rule 7 ? 
  10 rws , b +, 
  i get shit on in dmg . 
  mm is full of hackers , smurfs and trolls . 
  in esea at the very least you 're matched with a team where all 5 people want to win and are willing to work towards that common goal . 
  what 's an average one worth these days ? 
  can i add you ? 
  hacking is the new standard . 
  it became the new standard when any and all discussion of it was disallowed on the closest thing to an official forum we have ... 
  it was a question , not a shitpost . 
  when you go to post a karambit gamma on opskins it suggests a price of $ 950 . 
  i am just trying to figure out how that was established . 
  it 's nearly impossible without a script . 
  most fades are garbage . 
  post 2 : most skins are pretty shit . 
  there are only a handful that are memorable . 
  skin prices are set by gambling websites . 
  now that gambling is gone , skin prices are set by people trying to cash out . 
  aka fake lack of supply . 
  if you can immediately picture the skin when you read it 's name , it 's memorable . 
  certain phase dopplers , asiimovs , etc. 
  the market is in a state of flux . 
  it 's a stalemate of people trying to cash out while unwilling to drop their prices . 
  if they do n't have cash rep do n't even risk it . 
  get out of here with your witch hunts . 
  no one is cheating . 
  cheats do n't exist . 
  i do n't wall in mm . 
  i just have really good game sense . 
  that 's not true . 
  loungers came to reddit , not the other way around . 
  cs : go trading in the current year ... 
  yes . 
  currently trading on reddit @ 91-95k, 
  god damn , even at fn that m9 looks ass ... 
  correct , but should n't i be able to at least view the transactions as recorded ? 
  it 's on coinbase , and normally i am able to click on the transaction and view hashes , etc. 
  sigh , now i know , but not before my $ 200 is lost in cyber space . 
  will i get it back . . ? 
  i just sent it in the most basic way possible , copied the address and amount into coinbase and clicked send . 
  fuck that site , i 'm out as soon as i am sure transactions are going out . 
  it means you get to watch the crash of bitcoin real time . 
  and i get to have to spend $ 200 traditional dollars because the $ 200 i already spent in bitcoin is floating in nothing . 
  i dunno , but nothing says `` ready for business use '' quite like a backlog of 60,000 transactions . 
  congratulations , i 'm not adding a $ 10 fee to transfer $ 200 . 
  i 'm not a btc power user man . 
  i have a coinbase wallet and i keep btc in it and i send it to traders i am buying from . 
  i put in the address , the amount , and i click send . 
  what fee is attached to it is not set by me . 
  and it should n't matter anyway . 
  if the point of bitcoin is to be a usable currency , then it needs a standardized fee . 
  i want to click send on my phone and send money , not get a math ph.d. for trying to pay a guy/girl/goat / website for its services . 
  it is bitcoins fault it does n't have a standardized fee . 
  to an outsider , this whole thing seems like an attempt from miners to force higher fees which fucks over users , aka me . 
  how about cheating and its lack of consequences . 
  because that seems to be a no go topic for you guys . 
  also , what happened to the mods that used to post on certain cheating websites that are not allowed to be named with the same handle as their reddit account ? 
  personally , i am super excited at segregation coming back . 
  i ca n't wait to look around me and see nothing but my own kind . 
  you go berkeley . 
  tl ; dr - bitcoin is a gimmick with no future ? 
  3rd or 4th max . 
  no idea what they sell for these days though . 
  since when do maxs past 4 exist . . ? 
  the l has started , but not creased , hence 4th max , no ?
