  the vast majority of `` refugees '' are men in their 20s and 30s . 
  these people are not going back . 
  ever . 
  you ca n't even deport them back because they do n't have any form of identification . 
  no matter how many refugees europe has handled , it can not handle the 1,000,000 that are supposed to enter this year . 
  the infrastructure just is n't there . 
  this will be a problem in europe for decades . 
  lastly , you live in fucking canada . 
  european immigration is not going to affect you . 
  it 's easy to say `` yeah , europe can handle it '' from three thousand miles away . 
  listen man , nobody gives a shit about germany , they can take a billion refugees if they want . 
  the problem is that they expect the rest of europe to comply . 
  what , your english and french immigrants ? 
  they must sure be causing a huge amount of trouble for you . 
  quit your bullshit . 
  0.9 % arab population in 2011 . 
  clearly canada is an expert on this . 
  we should just let you guys handle it . 
  gone from / r/news in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  start depositing cash for your business so you can carry . 
  at that level of hotness , i am okay with her being a bitch . 
  wow , so edgy , careful not to hurt yourself . 
  i am middle of the road as far as my friends go . 
  some envy me , some look down on me . 
  side post - you run a couple of businesses at 30 ? 
  i 'm gon na take a shot in the dark and assume family money was involved in that . 
  it 's possible your friends are n't jealous of your success , but rather of the opportunities that you 've been given to create success which they may not have had . 
  you 're infatuated and suffering from oneitis . 
  take a deep breath and do things that distract you . 
  it 's obviously not a real statistic , but yes , it 's largely true . 
  the top tier of men have their selection from the entire field of women . 
  the top tier of women have their selection from the entire field of men too , so it 's not surprising that they go for the best they can get all the time . 
  mods , can we sticky this ? 
  it gets asked every day . 
  honestly it 's to prevent weirdos from adopting animals for weird shit like animal sacrifices or dogfighting . 
  it sounds retarded but it 's happened in the past so shelters need to do their due diligence . 
  as it should . 
  it 's the same exact thing . 
  people think that once the 1mil refugees in europe are settled that will be the end of it . 
  it 's just the beginning of what will be a mass immigration from africa and the middle east to europe . 
  and if that does n't start ww3 , i do n't know what will . 
  and liberals are still pushing hillary as a good candidate . 
  love it, 
  that 's such a blindly one sided way to view the world . 
  i feel for you . 
  why would you ever judge a night by that meter ? 
  i ` ma be honest , i did n't read the whole thing . 
  some people you never get over because of the changes they made on your person . 
  the you before is not the same as the you after . 
  get over the thought of getting over people . 
  accept it as part of you . 
  yes , you do owe it to your current girlfriend to end things . 
  you owe your current girlfriend your full , undivided and unchallenged love and attention . 
  you do n't miss x. 
  you miss the idea of x. 
  once you realize that , you are able to start separating the idea from the person . 
  you do n't need to let go of the idea , but you need to let go of the person . 
  there is no easy way around it man . 
  sometimes things get taken from you , sometimes you have to cut things off yourself on your own . 
  it 's ultimately for the best if the girl you currently are with is worth it . 
  yes , there are some people you never get over . 
  those are the people you need to be separated from though because it is not fair to your current so . 
  your feelings for x never died . 
  they are repressed . 
  an explosive liquid patiently awaiting its match . 
  you need to be good to y , because that is what the woman deserves . 
  i think we are saying the same thing in different terms . 
  you do n't miss x the person , you miss x the idea . 
  that is totally fine . 
  but did you not see that super sad picture of the dead kid ? 
  clearly that 's all that matters you racist . 
  that 's not starting a new life . 
  that 's invading a territory and winning . 
  you 're right , clearly we should have finished the job . 
  angela merkel is * probably * the worst thing to ever happen to europe . 
  a european conservative is like an american left winger . 
  when it 's over there wont * be * a middle east . 
  i 've had a male massage and honestly , it was less relaxing . 
  i mean i could feel dude 's arm hair tickling my skin ... 
  it 's just one of those professions that i really do n't think men should be getting into . 
  i think i worded that wrong . 
  whether we like it or not there is much more homoerotic anxiety about a man rubbing another man down with oil than a woman doing that to another woman . 
  until that changes a male masseuse will have access to a much lower amount of clients than a female masseuse . 
  i personally would not use a male masseuse again . 
  the point of a massage is to be relaxing and that experience was not a relaxing one for me . 
  it 's a net positive , but it does have a number of negative outliers . 
  sports bar - lots of tvs and hot waitresses, 
  club - lines , dancing , women in short dresses , dj , uhn tss uhn tss uhn tss music, 
  pub - just a regular local bar , my usual go to, 
  dive bar - hole in the wall that only locals frequent, 
  martini bar - classy upscale spot that requires some dress decorum and specializes in cocktails . 
  depends on how you define chivalry . 
  i open doors and walk on the street side when on the sidewalk . 
  is that chivalry ? 
  about 150 years ago . 
  these things take time though . 
  it will never truly `` fall '' in the sense that you 're thinking of . 
  seriously , who the hell hates fake boobs ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  because if you do n't giveaway taxpayer money , non-taxpayers will burn your city down while spreading the word of jesus .
