  this is the worst ama since rampart and denzel washington . 
  he answered no real questions , skirted most half decent ones and answered shit about his steak preference ... 
  for hire . 
  so leave ? 
  because his commentary was not on what he does to women , but on what women let him do to them . 
  it 's not a `` i commit sexual assault '' it 's a `` women are loose when you 're famous '' . 
  still not good , but far from the shitshow the left spun it into . 
  it 's not like it 's a huge secret that women fuck wealthy/famous men ... 
  you 're just white knighting now . 
  of course , has n't it always been ? 
  as an american , we 're fine thanks , stay in canada . 
  oh get over yourself with that dramatic bullshit . 
  you will be fine . 
  so much salt , i ca n't handle it . 
  it 's almost like this is the first time some people have not gotten what they wanted in life and are unsure how to handle it . 
  you have no understanding of stock , or labor markets , nice !, 
  why would an imam be invited ... ? 
  he wants a protectionist economy . 
  you just never stopped to listen . 
  because it 's disingenuous and implies we need luck to make it . 
  so much teenage angst . 
  yea , those lgbtqiazmghlwnglspfktnslgmntywp rights . 
  i am 14 and this is funny and deep . 
  but if they do n't , you chop their heads off , so it all works out in the end . 
  black people burning down cities to get their point across is what helped trump get elected ... 
  sure , why not ? 
  ah yes , the oppression of being white and mobile enough to travel to protest lgbtqiamhlgkthslkt rights . 
  totally the same thing . 
  protesting what exactly ... ? 
  god damn it , not this sub too ... 
  the nfl gives jff so much shit for going off the deep end of hookers and blow , but it 's not like he needed the money , so he just gtfo of there . 
  it 's the browns ... 
  in cleveland ... could it get any more depressing ? 
  eyes . 
  grant us eyes . 
  jailbait was closed because srs posted actual child pornography in order to get the sub shut down , if my reddit history is up to par . 
  you must be thinking of a different creepy subreddit . 
  the positives of a trump presidency are reaching areas never even thought of before ... 
  or you can like . 
  outside . 
  what 's wrong with hiring 10,000 americans ... ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm soon to be married . 
  sometimes it 's hard . 
  sometimes it 's easy . 
  i wish i could explain what it 's like but it 's an impossible things to get from an outside perspective . 
  i 'm at a constant war with myself . 
  that 's not the problem though . 
  the problem is that war is all i can remember . 
  i do n't know anything else . 
  i got my masters and it seems like i wasted years of my life . 
  so pretty great . 
  because i am stupid and make bad decisions in the pursuit of money . 
  hysteria reaching critical mass . 
  instead of discouraging political posts in every single fucking subreddit , they post a political shitpost . 
  is there a way to filter this shit out of pics ? 
  i miss just looking at cool pictures ... 
  if this is how much teenage angst it causes , i will vote for anyone with trump in their name for the rest of my life . 
  / r/pics the new youtube comments . 
  merit is racist . 
  i am not even being facetious , this is an actual thing people believe . 
  a test is a test is a test . 
  everything beyond that is mental gymnastics . 
  the game progression is retarded . 
  there is no way i need 12 energy bars and 8 lbs of venison to survive 24 hours . 
  you 're a guy trying to survive , not a hamplanet devouring it 's way through the canadian wilderness . 
  i was a cactus in the desert , and i could feel the wind shaking my cactus bristles and there was a song in the air that was just for me , from the universe . 
  it was in a language only i could understand . 
  and the stars were the notes on a sheet and as the song played they flew by . 
  so i sat in the desert feeling the wind and listening to my song . 
  then i came down . 
  do we need an article every time someone opens up about their disorder ? 
  shit ... 
  yeah but finding racism in everything is the in thing to do right now . 
  it makes you the most popular guy in your dorm , that 's for sure . 
  best post on reddit in 2017 so far . 
  why though , there is more intellectual substance and proper discourse at the bottom of a bowl in a chipotle bathroom at lunch time ... 
  hahaha you 're so salty . 
  thanks man , you being pissed off made my night better . 
  if the us citizen was n't a risk to the trump tower , this would n't be an issue . 
  it 's one of the first porn clips i saw on the internet when i was in the prime of my puberty . 
  a tan brunette wearing all pink is mad at someone for losing her ball outside or some shit and he finds her a teddy bear or her ball , i ca n't remember , and then she fucks him . 
  i 'd pay money to relive that young teenage fap . 
  back in my day , college was about drinking and getting laid . 
  kids in college must be so difficult to be around these days , always pissed off about something . 
  the whole idea of states ' rights is that each state can fuck up their own state , and no other state can fuck up yours . 
  it went over your head . 
  actually having held and fired a weapon is a good basic start that would exclude the vast majority of this comment thread . 
  the police tactics were non existent , but honestly if you chose to live in berkeley willingly , you have no one to blame but yourself . 
  no , like 10 years ago . 
  it was n't anywhere near this politically charged of an atmosphere . 
  college rule is way , way better than the current system . 
  you 're right , it 's much better to rely on offense and not even get to touch the ball ... 
  so start on the 50 . 
  wherever you start , it 's retarded to not let both sides of both teams play . 
  that 's a retarded question . 
  would detroit , oakland , chicago and baltimore not be absolute shit holes if they had n't consistently voted democrat at all levels of government for the last 2 generations ... ? 
  so , like a monopoly ? 
  no , we need to reboot imperialism and make all of the middle east a colony . 
  have close to a world monopoly on oil production and distribution .
