  if you 're playing mm and not hacking , you 're doing it wrong . 
  it 's based on round win differential + your individual performance + disparity in skill level between you and your opponents . 
  there is an algorithm that calculates a + / - elo amount that goes to your hidden elo rating after the game . 
  each `` rank '' corresponds to a range of elo . 
  this is the basic framework . 
  none of the actual numbers are known . 
  when it 's easy to have 17 accounts , you do n't give a shit if one account has a 2 hour cool down . 
  yes , you still get the win . 
  if you want to improve you have to stop playing casually . 
  also , get a better mouse first . 
  then find a good sensitivity . 
  then play dm for hours . 
  how has stability been ? 
  is it predicted to fall ? 
  i love having it but do n't want it to poof all the sudden and be worth nothing . 
  vac is currently effectively offline . 
  either something big is coming , or all their devs have chosen to work on other projects at the time . 
  either way , play a 3rd party service , or get an alt and hack away . 
  do n't bet on tier 8 completely unknown teams ? 
  i am on mobile so i ca n't send you an offer . 
  below is my trade link , send me an offer for your medusa at 215 and i will accept . 
  still got it ? 
  will buy . 
  still got the medusa ? 
  no , dm is just aim training . 
  valve ca n't ban any pros at this point . 
  the fallout to the scene would kill it . 
  / end discussion, 
  minor teams . 
  what if fnatic got banned after winning , what like 5 majors ? 
  the scene would lose all credibility . 
  they threw . 
  they were n't banned for hacking , which is what this post is about . 
  offering 86 pure keys + small adds for the ak . 
  on mobile so ca n't send offer . 
  if you can send me an offer for your bo i 'll accept it . 
  i want the day break but am on mobile . 
  can you make a trade offer for your buyout ? 
  what 's your sens ? 
  mouse ? 
  i mean yeah , i guess that 's already decently low . 
  i would suggest stop playing 5v5 for a week and just aim practice . 
  dm and etc, 
  it would n't have been that bad if it was $ 5000 . 
  making it an eco gun was the mistake . 
  a ) i ca n't translate dm and aim map proficiency into competitive performance . 
  i too drag dm and aim arenas consistently , head shots left and right but in a competitive environment , i ca n't break dmg and 10rws esea . 
  i am almost starting to think that dm is teaching me bad habits and making me take aim fights in comp i should n't be taking . 
  what 's the best way to train aim for a competitive setting ? 
  b ) i play 1024x767 4:3 black bars . 
  when i play black bars i am awp god , but my rifle aim suffers . 
  everything feels too minute and i ca n't get head hairs as well so story of my life is 98 in 3 . 
  when i play stretched , my rifle aim feels way better , both tap and spray . 
  my awp feels off though , at least in horizontal flicks . 
  also the game looks like shit . 
  i feel like i 'm at a point where i need to settle to one and force out my inconsistencies , but i ca n't decide . 
  how do i get that precision in black bars ? 
  everything feels small in long distance . 
  if you need something more than the first 10 bullets of the spray , you 're doing something wrong . 
  consider your positioning and etc. 
  are you truly better off trying to nail down the rest of the pattern while static or adjusting to a more advantageous position ? 
  how many times does this got ta get posted ? 
  vac is effectively not operational at the moment . 
  either get cevo/esea or hack away . 
  why community dm ? 
  it seems super counter productive to me . 
  you just spawn and get insta shot from the side/back . 
  `` if it does n't affect me , it does n't exist '' - / u/footballbeast, 
  its never gon na happen, 
  if youre in mm , just go to one of the forums and get a hack . 
  even the playing ground, 
  na is all hackers from mg1 up so dont get too stressed . 
  just get a fake account , download a free hack and enjoy the ride for the next 6 months . 
  play faceit for games you actually care about . 
  been hacking on the same account for 4 months now , 30 + hours a week . 
  vac is off until they are ready for the 64 bit update . 
  either join the ranks or play a premium service . 
  valve wont do shit until it gets so bad that they have to . 
  i am helping get it to that point . 
  valve wont do shit until it gets so bad that they have to . 
  i am helping get it to that point . 
  hey man , valve has to grow up and start taking care of their game . 
  if anyone can download a free , undetected hack by a 3 second google search , i feel no responsibility . 
  valve is a shit company . 
  i am helping show that . 
  i play legit on my main account and in esea . 
  but on my alt ? 
  walls , trigger and every 3rd bullet headshot every day all day . 
  and the best part ? 
  if my hack gets detected , the writer just has to change 2-3 offsets and we 're back baby . 
  welcome to the shittiest anti cheat system in existence . 
  it was time 8 months ago . 
  you 're delusional . 
  go to any hacking forum . 
  there are 3-5 new free hacks everyday , each with 500 + replies saying how awesome it is . 
  hacking has never been so rampant . 
  i 've been hacking in dmg on the same account , with the same hacks for over 4 months with not even a peep of a ban . 
  at this point , my hack account has so many hours , it 's starting to look legit . 
  it even has skins from the drops i get . 
  either you have your head burried in the sand , or you are hacking and trying to downplay how bad it is .
