  no man 's sky , all over again . 
  both of which are shit . 
  if you 're not playing esea you have no room to complain about cheaters . 
  rule 7 , cheating does n't exist . 
  i guess i am trying to understand where sites like op skins get their suggest prices for items like gamma skins for example . 
  item prices in the past were set by what you could get for them if you deposited them to a gambling website . 
  that no longer exists , so who sets this ? 
  i just do n't see the backing for setting the price of items so high if there is nothing to back that up with . 
  tl ; dr - skins are no longer currency , so why are they still absurdly expensive ? 
  probably new nuke honestly . 
  i ca n't think of a single person that has anything positive to say about it in a competitive setting . 
  well , hope never happened , so we can feel safe and happy knowing that grope wo n't either . 
  11 days . 
  i feel for you and the 17 other virgin nerds in the back room . 
  could be dota 2 bans again , do n't get too excited . 
  this whole misconception about esea really needs to die ... 
  5 was a big one for me . 
  i used to go to sports to avoid the constant barrage of politics . 
  after the kaepernick bullshit , watching any nfl coverage leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
  every game i 've seen this season , the kneeling/standing has been mentioned in somehow . 
  mm is pug garbage . 
  a scrim is two organized teams playing against each other . 
  the two environments are n't really comparable . 
  also , it sounds like your nerves at being in a try out got to you . 
  holding a tryout for a player by jumping into scrims is a bad idea anyway . 
  in my personal experience you play some pugs as a team first to get a feel for each other . 
  in scrims , every player has his part to play , but i do n't think you can just jump into a scrim and expect the tryout to figure that out . 
  that was the whole point of the graffiti update . 
  now the chance of you getting something of actual value is even lower , because there is a chance of you getting a graffiti that just disappears . 
  valve is hoping this pushes more people to buy skins from the market . 
  it 's all an effort to recoup the huge drop in revenue when gambling got fucked . 
  there are no new players . 
  just new smurf/hack accounts . 
  tl ; dr - i am a piece of shit . 
  the whole subreddit is brand new accounts jerking each other off . 
  i would n't take anything there seriously . 
  this is an angry post from someone who got vac banned . 
  ignore . 
  the biggest issue in french cs is the shox/smithzz and kennys/apex butt buddy connection . 
  neither want to be split up , which sucks because if you want the best french cs team , you need shox and kennys on the same side . 
  does it matter though ? 
  the media is not reporting on any of this so the majority of the voter block will remain in the dark about the insane amount of corruption and illegality surrounding her campaign . 
  correct , it the shox/smithzz package deal that is the problem . 
  i just mute squeakers . 
  do more pistol dm . 
  ct pistols are way more powerful . 
  if you play on a lower rank , you just need to get better with the glock , but at higher ranks where people are pretty much guaranteed to headshot i usually buy p250 + smoke + flash on t side . 
  my apologies , the icarus sold already . 
  updating post . 
  anything to not look like he 's cheating lul, 
  hostage maps do n't see pro play . 
  they make an appearance in operations though and that is great !, 
  1280x960 , 300-400fps @ 144hz, 
  reddit has the attention span of a gold fish . 
  the majority of people smfc and above are either hackers , boosted , or bought accounts . 
  this should n't surprise you . 
  you keep saying progressive like you think its a good thing ... 
  well when you burn it down , you should probably pay for it to be rebuilt ... 
  they will kill him today . 
  it will be dubbed suicide . 
  pay close attention . 
  most likely . 
  19 days . 
  journalism has ethics ... ? 
  what news have you been watching/reading ? 
  member hope ? 
  member most transparent administration ever ? 
  member how everyone got fooled by a black guy with a nice smile ? 
  seriously though , we should go back through the ballots and disenfranchise anyone who voted for obama . 
  your rank is fake . 
  i already got downvoted for even posting this . 
  do n't forget , rule 7 , no one cheats , hacks dont exist . 
  thread deleted in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  23 days . 
  what does that backroom smell like ? 
  are all 17 of you there at the same time , or do you have shifts ? 
  blame valve . 
  they switched games from a product to a service , which ends up being nothing more than a platform for gambling . 
  other studios are just following suit . 
  people got banned , now they are ranking up new accounts . 
  i 've had ~ 200 hour accounts in most of my games this week . 
  look at the bottom of the comments . 
  this triggered so many fat chicks . 
  i love it . 
  have n't you read rule 7 ... ? 
  no one hacks . 
  quit your witch hunting . 
  which is like 1/10th of the faceit cheater population . 
  and the 4000 players just hop on another account instantly . 
  no proof will ever be enough for people like you if you do n't think flusha cheated . 
  rule 7 exists because this is the biggest cs forum and where the most non-players are exposed to the game . 
  you ca n't have the inconvenient truth exposed to all your potential customers , can you ... ? 
  rule 7 is just an automatic blanket shut down of any discussion . 
  it 's censorship . 
  whether you think anyone does or does n't cheat , there is no reason for anyone who is a fan of cs to be supportive of it ... 
  faceit is esea for poor people . 
  and ` muh privacy ' type neckbeards . 
  guarantee you he is in an mm game going 1-14 and typing `` who cares , its just a game '' in team chat . 
  solution to cheating - tie vac bans to os serial key . 
  everything else is easy to change .
