  it 's sad how open with it they have become . 
  `` updates '', 
  already lost 160 to dignitas yesterday . 
  wont be touching this one at all . 
  they are not at their game currently . 
  sent, 
  your prices on the orion is a bit high . 
  sent 7k for orion and redline if that works for you . 
  send offer, 
  as long as mm is total shit , i plan to + left + forward as much as i fucking want . 
  i give zero fucks . 
  stop getting your high ranked friends to smurf for you . 
  what comp are you playing that anyone is taking seriously ... ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  it 's a war zone out there . 
  i would recommend sticking to not matches , dm and casual until you can comfortably perform in those . 
  mmr does n't work in cs : go the way it works in dota . 
  it 's supposed to make you play with similarly skilled players , however unlike in dota , you can get a new account and be in competitive in roughly 4-5 hours . 
  many of the accounts you 're playing against are the troll alts of much better players . 
  tl ; dr - there is no such a thing as rank consistency in cs : go . 
  it truly means nothing . 
  most actual global a only play on their global account once every 28 days to maintain the rank and smurf the rest of the time . 
  welcome !, 
  seriously though , practice until you get good enough for cevo and then never touch mm again . 
  already sold mate , sorry . 
  forgot to close it . 
  i have a mw one for 54 if you want though . 
  honestly , ea would be better at managing cs : go than valve at this point . 
  sent for asiimovs, 
  full disclaimer , i am linked to an alt account because you guys were n't able to link my main account since accounts cant ever be unlinked . 
  do i fall under this , and if so , how do i avoid a ban ? 
  it 's an e-peen thing at that point . 
  why ? 
  it 's way too heavy . 
  get a zowie and witness the coming of mouse jesus . 
  i swear the mouse has built in hacks in it or something . 
  `` non invasive '' and `` good '' are mutually exclusive terms when it comes to anti cheat . 
  do what most of mm is doing and buy a hack . 
  and this is why you should n't let neckbeards form companies . 
  i run into clg guys on the aim server all the time and juan deaging jdm gives me a mini boner . 
  jokes aside , dude is a great player with sick reflexes . 
  what a douche . 
  relax bro , obviously he is worlds better than me . 
  it 's just a small satisfaction . 
  you seem angry . 
  best case in a while imo . 
  what graphics settings can i turn up with minimal effect on my 300 + fps master race ? 
  is there such a thing as a computer that can run 300 + on all maxed settings ? 
  i just want my skins to be beautiful . 
  it seems like all these kids need to stop streaming until they can figure out how to portray themselves professionally in front of viewers . 
  you seem like fun people to play against ... 
  this is what wallhacks against you in mm . 
  what ranks ? 
  we need to make it so new accounts ca n't get into competitive . 
  cheaters and smurfs solved instantly . 
  nope . 
  in lol you have to play weeks before you can go to competitive . 
  same for dota2 . 
  same for smite . 
  in cs : go , you can create a new account and be in comp in 3-4 hours . 
  it 's just unacceptable for a game that claims to be competitive and have a high skill ceiling . 
  that takes 3-4 hours and is no barrier of entry at all . 
  yeah , but that takes balls and valve have none . 
  bettors do n't make valve money . 
  smurfs and cheaters do . 
  link ? 
  fuck casual players ? 
  make the anti cheat for comp only . 
  if you want to participate in comp , you have to have it active . 
  it 's not my job to do valve 's job . 
  this guy cheats . 
  how do i apply ? 
  do n't worry , ban inc in 6-9 months . 
  we 're all at that point . 
  except the cheaters . 
  i have this lovely tinfoil hat to sell you , if you 're interested . 
  you took `` muh privacy '' to a whole new , previously unseen level . 
  i was le pre patch , currently mg2 . 
  i top frag most games but i only solo queue so i ca n't rank myself up . 
  if you 're willing to take me , i am pretty certain i can keep up . 
  i 'll send you a friend invite when i 'm home - ce name redefined . 
  where did you get paranoid ? 
  i just do n't think private profiles should be a thing . 
  the whole point of steam is that it 's supposed to be a community . 
  i 'm by no means claiming every private profile is a cheater . 
  just a douche . 
  that 's a monetary value that the community assigns to the item . 
  you ca n't go to best buy and buy a plasma tv with a d lore . 
  the items have no intrinsic value outside the community . 
  i 'd personally suck gaben 's dick for a more invasive anticheat . 
  like to completion , swallow included . 
  stop being poor and get new internet ? 
  i wonder how many of the neckbeards on this thread , jerking each other off over their privacy , play league of legends ... 
  i keep telling you people , never bet on russians . 
  difference ? 
  it 's a third world team in a third world country . 
  quickest $ 175 i lost this year . 
  makes sense , these dudes make more than other people their age in those countries . 
  i know it 's mostly personal preference , but is there a generally considered `` best '' cross hair as in big vs small and gap vs no gap ? 
  dot or no dot ?
