  per the live scanner , the police now have nothing . 
  it 's time for the media to release the name of the suspect so people in va can be on the lookout . 
  this guy could be anywhere . 
  this is the most insane shit i 've ever seen . 
  someone take this video down . 
  take down his account . 
  this is so wrong . 
  i 'm out . 
  that was too much . 
  it was on one of the news station 's tweets , too many to look through now . 
  stop clicking it . 
  it needs to be seen . 
  you need to be angry . 
  fuck you . 
  i hope he uploaded a video of himself killing himself . 
  agreed . 
  i 've seen some nasty shit , that took the # 1 most disturbing thing i 've seen by storm . 
  i 've seen it all trust me . 
  who was racially motivated to commit the murder . 
  not to shock you further . 
  it was a racially motivated black guy . 
  good job though . 
  you nailed it . 
  it blows my mind how calm the newscasters on the station are . 
  he 's black . 
  nice try . 
  i meant currently . 
  they are back on reporting and are being very calm . 
  they are so emotionless to two of their colleagues getting shot two hours ago ... 
  he felt like they were racist towards him . 
  i think everyone should be made to watch it . 
  it will change you , ultimately for the better . 
  or i dunno , about race ? 
  gun control is the low hanging fruit . 
  avoids us having to talk about the real issue , which is race . 
  he clearly said on his twitter before it was deleted that he killed her because she made racist comments toward him . 
  want a screenshot or are you happy with your head in the sand ? 
  you got it bruh . 
  anti . 
  censorship requires a filter . 
  who decides that filter ? 
  we should trust people to individually filter what they want or do n't want to see by themselves rather than by setting an arbitrary filter based on the beliefs of one person or group . 
  / r/news removed the story . 
  apparently no longer relevant . 
  update - funny you asked about censorship , the / r/news thread on the virginia shooting just got nuked . 
  it 's too big for a tl ; dr. 
  tl ; dr - it 's bad . 
  why is it down 24/7 ? 
  i seem to get a compulsive error 502 . 
  each page loads maybe 1-10 times , so it 's hard to do anything . 
  am i doing anything wrong ? 
  any . 
  i 've tried them all , same with each . 
  it was deleted for a while . 
  it came back . 
  a lot of us in business fields feel the same way . 
  the white collar life is n't for everyone but many get funneled into it . 
  i have n't figured it out yet . 
  if i do , i 'll let you know . 
  if you 've ever had the thought `` i would never kill myself , but if i got in a car accident or something , that would be okay ... '', 
  you may have depression . 
  at that point you are way too far . 
  should have seen a doctor a long time ago . 
  go now . 
  it 's okay to ask for help . 
  it will never happen . 
  edit : ever . 
  you do n't . 
  it 's not respectful , but it 's pretty tame as far as the demeaning terms go . 
  it can also be used satirically unlike many other terms . 
  the first few generations after me would think of me as stalin . 
  the generations a few generations down would think of me as lincoln . 
  whatever it was , do you really want that in a relationship ? 
  you 're talking about `` them '' in the way that you are because you live on the other side of the world and them settling in europe wo n't affect your life one teeny , tiny bit . 
  hint : he only wants to fuck you . 
  honestly dude , unless a hot mom/daughter threesome comes out of this , you really need to just move on . 
  there is no way this whole mess will work out cleanly . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  it 's okay to miss people you no longer want in your life . 
  define model . 
  any girl above an 8 with some professional pictures considers herself a model . 
  in that case , no . 
  he is lying . 
  does n't mean he is cheating , but he is lying . 
  either way , you two are n't working out . 
  y' all are gon na fuck , feelings are going to spark again , then who knows . 
  it does n't necessarily have to be a model for someone to give you that glimpse . 
  they date men in their mid-late 30s who are very successful in their careers and have social value . 
  you are trying to date a non-normal girl . 
  you need to be not normal . 
  why do you even want this in the first place ? 
  even if it works , you will constantly be out of place in her lifestyle , and she in yours . 
  assuming you 're a 20 year old guy just starting in the world , you just do n't fit . 
  they are surrounded by successful people in the limelight and you 're just you . 
  unless you find the one model who does n't like going to exotic places and partying on yachts and taking day trips to malibu , you wo n't keep up . 
  black lives do matter . 
  the lives of the blm movement do n't . 
  kill away cops . 
  kill away .
