  this is way too intense of a warm up unless you play full time or are warming up for a league match . 
  what a shitty excuse for ruining the fun of 9 other people . 
  elige is garbage . 
  they had that game in the bag . 
  if you 're struggling against the worst hellraisers lineup ever , and you 're pushing shit silver 1 style , you do n't deserve to be in a major , period . 
  if you ca n't beat a shitty tier 2 eu team , you have no business wasting everyone 's time in a major . 
  i hope no na team makes it to mlg and they finally drop the diva attitude . 
  that lost them the game . 
  elige is just not a smart player . 
  if na teams were n't always trying to outfuck each other over , there could be a far better player in that position . 
  fuck hr . 
  also , wow the definition of onlinej right here . 
  so much money lost on upsets today , jesus christ . 
  honestly , my massive skin loss aside , this is just embarrassing . 
  na cs is reaching legendary bottoms . 
  `` yay , we gutted na 's representation in the major , yay ! '', 
  they lost me $ 200 to hr there just yesterday . 
  how is elige so on/off ? 
  because splyce did n't even qualify for the qualifier ? 
  i mean i know it 's na silvers vs. na silvers but still , it was not so outlandish for me to expect one of the teams that is trying to claim # 1 na to want to show up at lan against clearly sub quality competition . 
  i 'd believe it . 
  that push on dust yesterday lost them the game . 
  i am too . 
  i believed in them again , and am about to pay the price . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people got raped this qualifier . 
  i 'm a solid $ 150-200 down, 
  this has been the worst betting qualifier ever . 
  rip inventory . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  lol, 
  i 'd give you gold , but i 'm on mobile . 
  thanks dude !, 
  now to find out how much that is worth ... 
  i would think santorini would make it in over the new nuke . 
  cs : go needs a company who is not afraid of purging the community of its undesirables . 
  i promise i 'm not salty , but why are premades allowed to queue for pug services ? 
  for example , why can 4/5 members of an organized esea/cevo team queue up in a pug and steam roll true pugs . 
  it seems to defeat the purpose . 
  what gets accomplished when neckbeards form their own company with neckbeards policies . 
  hint : nothing . 
  because they have a virtual monopoly on pc game distribution , not because they are actually good at doing anything . 
  that no longer applies . 
  if you 're losing games against silvers , then yes , you deserve to be in silver . 
  but in silver you 're playing against much higher ranks who do n't feel like actually playing . 
  that was what , like ten years ago ? 
  stop running it like a lemonade stand . 
  hire enough staff to support such a massive service and support is properly . 
  hire enough staff to have dedicated teams to your games . 
  or even if you do n't do these things , at least act like you give a shit . 
  you sound like someone who has never had to deal with steam support . 
  let 's set aside the fact that their games other than dota are woefully unsupported , you should at least be able to provide reliable customer service . 
  silver accounts sell for a lot of money . 
  valve are super sjw when it comes to this kind of stuff . 
  they will never region lock servers . 
  how much ? 
  honestly if the revolver had stayed in its original iteration and cost $ 5000 , i do n't think it would have been that bad . 
  just sucked that it was an eco weapon . 
  in its current state , it wo n't get any use , ever . 
  wait , so you 're against culling fat sheep from the flock ? 
  kill them and do the whole world a favor . 
  cheaters make valve money . 
  start cheating . 
  at this point , while i do n't cheat myself , i fully promote cheating . 
  nothing will change until it gets so bad that valve decides to be a real company . 
  just play esea . 
  i 'm patiently waiting for a mizzou resume to come across my desk so i can invite them in for an interview and proceed to deny them the job . 
  vengeful or not , hiring them would be creating a liability for any business . 
  raise it to 40 . 
  and up the price of the game to $ 60 . 
  not saying it 's going to deter anyone . 
  but if you want to hack or smurf , you 'll actually have to pay for it . 
  the `` growth '' you are talking about is 9/10 times cheaters or hackers getting new accounts at $ 5 a pop . 
  also side note , i 've had a player with less than 100 hours in every single one of my last 10 games . 
  this is the kind of shitstain that gives the community it 's reputation . 
   other games do it and it works, 
  ftfy, 
  99 % of smurfs boost their gn3 friends . 
  get hacks or higher ranked friends . 
  otherwise , do n't bother with mm . 
  what are you paying for a dragon lore ft ? 
  0.27 float, 
  start hacking . 
  there is a smurf in every one of your games . 
  even the playground . 
  or buy a ge account and go ruin their games . 
  neckbeards are the lowest form of human . 
  bots and hack accounts that got insta banned upon loading . 
  ca n't wait for vr to fail miserably and game companies actually go back to , you know , making games . 
  fuck mizzou and anyone who ever graduated from there . 
  i 'd donate to a crusade . 
  time to cleanse the religion of peace in the fires of purity . 
  you should murder him for the good of humanity . 
  do you have the key qualifications ? 
  huge boobs if a girl or an undercut and sleeves if a dude . 
  you also have to act like you 're doing everyone a favor by doing your job . 
  that will net you some more . 
  what an absolute failure of a human being . 
  you can not make this shit up . 
  it just writes itself . 
  i 'll come back and answer this after i 'm done fucking your wife .
