  take this downvote and enjoy it . 
  this guy hacks and is tired of other people bringing it up on the forums . 
  okay , i 've seen what warriors get in the adventure . 
  now show me what everyone else gets against warriors . 
  we need spell taunt real bad . 
  i am tired of having a full board and a mage otk facing me with spells . 
  randomization is blizzard 's way of getting everyone as close to a 50/50 win rate as possible . 
  that 's what keeps you playing . 
  i can cheese my way to legend on any one of 5-6 warrior archetypes and you 're upset about shaman ... ? 
  do you just constantly troll my posts on this board ? 
  of course blizzard tries for that and the community is constantly trying to create decks that have a higher overall win percentage . 
  if you look at the win % data on any hearthstone website you can see warriors reaching higher win % . 
  all it takes to get to legend is a higher win % than 50 and enough time . 
  join us . 
  garrosh vs. garrosh - the game . 
  you . 
  you 're a funny guy . 
  i eat zoos on any one of my 3 cancer warrior decks , unless they get a 100 % perfect curve draw . 
  i am pretty sure it was named like that on purpose . 
  do n't expect any nerfs any time soon , 
  wow , you did good with a warrior deck ? 
  where can i get your autograph ? 
  you act as if otk warrior players can read , that 's cute . 
  there is a very high prevalence of warriors in ladder with the current meta . 
  blizzard historically does n't really do much when it comes to balance . 
  do you think there is a magic number of warrior percentage at which we see some sort of meta shift , or are we stuck here until 2017 when the old sets rotate out ? 
  it bothers me that over half of the entire ladder is warriors and people are still whining about shaman ... 
  hoebag playing a victim card . 
  this is new and exciting . 
  it will be one of the happiest days ever , 
  because with standard , you can 2 mana remove any creature . 
  alienware flash video ads . 
  it 's just dust fodder . 
  it 's karma for being ladder cancer . 
  you 're batshit insane if you legitimately believe that . 
  if shaman ans zoo were so oppressive , they would represent 50 + % of the ladder population , not warriors . 
  it 's a crutch for bad players . 
  do n't feel anger that you lost . 
  feel pity that they need a crutch . 
  what drugs does it take to believe that fiery win axe and ghoul of win does n't equal blatantly op early game ? 
  cause i want to buy some . 
  i would take face hunter back without a second 's hesitation . 
  i would take mech mage back before accepting reno as anything else but a crutch for shitty players . 
  he 's obsessed with me for some reason , stalks and replies to every one of my posts . 
  just ignore it . 
  not that bad . 
  fuck yourself . 
  it would be fine if warrior did n't have a dozen other crutch cards to back fwa up . 
  there is no way they can all be that clueless . 
  can they ? 
  this guy plays warrior . 
  skill bruh . 
  crutch card for shitty players . 
  do n't get too mad . 
  op is a one month old hillary shill account . 
  op is a two month old hillary shill account . 
  op is a three month old hillary shill account . 
  healing from 1 to 30 and watching your opponent concede takes relatively 0 skill . 
  2 mana , 3/2 - ca n't attack on turn played . 
  removal creates aggro . 
  if aggro is the problem then nerf removal to where it 's not so punishing to play a big minion that just disappears next turn . 
  as long as there is instant removal of any minion of any cost obviously decks are going to stack cheap fast minions that they wont get so butthurt about losing . 
  remember . 
  a moderator is nothing more than a janitor of a hallway . 
  it 's not your hallway . 
  you do n't get to decide who walks in the hallway . 
  you 're just here to wipe the shit off . 
  probably . 
  the mods must all be asleep , i am surprised this has lasted 2 hours . 
  so much butthurt about aggro ... 
  if you reign in the insane amounts of removal classes have nowadays , to where you can play an expensive minion for more than just to watch it disappear next turn , then maybe people will be more motivated to play a slower game rather than throw cheap minions at your face . 
  health does n't matter to warriors as they have infinite armor stacking , even in non c'thun decks . 
  the 6 health you pay is just about one shield block . 
  you missed the point completely . 
  health is a less valuable resource to warriors than it is to other classes because they have so many ways to stack armor , most of which are very mana efficient . 
  you probably climb the ladder more efficiently now if you just concede to warriors and do n't waste your time . 
  would fuck . 
  would not date . 
  i disagree . 
  the ladder is dominated by warriors , and i do n't think there have ever been this many cards with the word `` random '' in the text . 
  hoof , as in bloodhoof ? 
  so what 's the point of playing anything but warrior at this point ? 
  since when does damage matter to warriors ... ? 
  i dont get the lake reference . 
  someone help its been too long . 
  national championship last year . 
  there was no fucking way henry was past that line . 
  oh , i am butthurt about the whole thing . 
  excuse me while pull around my giant truck full of salt . 
  where does one go to see their hobbies ? 
  pm please . 
  i 'd rather die to aggro than be staring at a warrior with 40 armor ... 
  i play midrange/tempo decks . 
  40 may be an exaggeration , but i see no reason why armor is an uncapped resource . 
  judging by your flair , you 've spent a lot of butthurt time losing to zoo decks . 
  buying onik still might be worth it , just to dust all the cards and craft more warrior decks . 
  wait , stacking endless armor requires a brain now ? 
  so wait , will i still be playing against raging peruvians or have they region locked the game now ? 
  because if they have n't region locked the game , then it 's not in the best place it 's ever been and there is no reason for anyone that can string at least three words of english together to play it . 
  druids do n't have a one mana `` kill anything '' card to follow it up with .
