  i would give out handjobs left and right if only there was tiered esea leagues , or a service like esea where i could escape from the constant hack/smurf festival that is mm . 
  is that popflash thing still around ? 
  10 million unique players is a misleading stat . 
  it 's 10 million unique accounts . 
  and yes , at $ 5 an account , the amount of cheaters that are there is much higher than anyone cares to admit . 
  just spend an hour browsing a cheating website , it 's a whole world i never previously knew existed . 
  i thought people always said that does n't make that big of a difference . 
  i legit top fragged an esea game , yet i get one tapped around every corner on mm . 
  wtf mate ? 
  is crouching considered a crutch ? 
  is that a habit i should break ? 
  will do , thanks . 
  i want to , but i feel like i am ruining 4 other people 's monthly subscription . 
  the barrier of entry to competitive needs to be way higher . 
  there is no reason why you can just pop out 5 bucks for an account and be in competitive a couple of hours later . 
  sounds like you cheat , and are making excuses . 
  i am okay with not ranking up if i was playing against other players my level . 
  mm is mostly smurfs these days . 
  you have no idea what or who you 're playing against . 
  `` mad cuz bad '', 
  that 's the one that pisses me off . 
  imho csgo should be $ 60 a copy . 
  this one is my favorite . 
  he played for 766 hours . 
  seven hundred and sixty six hours . 
  i would personally suck gaben 's dick if we got a warden-like anti cheat . 
  it takes months to get to competitive in lol . 
  weeks in dota2 . 
  ~ 10 hours in cs : go . 
  makes totes mcgotes sense . 
  fuck it , i 'd pay the extra money . 
  $ 5 a pop is a joke and just encourages trolling the matchmaking system . 
  which is why cs : go needs unranked competitive . 
  casual is a completely useless game mode . 
  having that takes developers though , and we do n't have any . 
  warden is super invasive when compared to vac , and that is what i want . 
  i want something that runs in the background and monitors all running processes while cs : go is open . 
  if you have a problem with that , turn off everything when you play cs : go . 
  why does it say 6 different matches for january 14th , and yet the matches are done for the day ? 
  i have no idea , but his main account has 21 vac bans . 
  that 's all you need to know about vac as a system . 
  not an excuse for lack of management . 
  cevo - mid-high ranks , shitty matchmaking structure , no knife round . 
  big in na . 
  esea - cs : go jesus squads with others sprinkled in . 
  super invasive client that pretty much guarantees the fewest cheaters . 
  extremely unforgiving . 
  requires monthly subscription . 
  faceit - mostly eu based , not much na activity . 
  i think of it as eu cevo . 
  well cs : go would need big game things like developer support , or shit , even developers . 
  like , at least 1 . 
  a dozen would be better , but at least one . 
  also , it would help if it was n't run by a lemonade stand company . 
   on the bright side you have something to strive for again . 
  assuming rank ups still work similarly , which they do n't seem to . 
  i 'd much rather have a transparent mmr number rather than an icon . 
  i can go on a 10 + win streak and not rank up , and then lose 1 game and rank down . 
  like wtf mate ? 
  i do n't understand the jumpthrow change , it pretty much takes a large number of smokes completely out of the game . 
  sounds like a knee jerk response to butthurt . 
  i keep hearing that , but how do we know when they are done adjusting ? 
  the average rank has already dropped below valve 's projected nova 4 . 
  i dunno man , how about the entire fucking national championship ? 
  why is the pac 12 even allowed to ref anything ? 
  they are college football 's bastard child we all try to pretend does n't exist . 
  forever the choke . 
  there goes my last max bet . 
  you sound butt hurt . 
  do n't want to get caught cheating ? 
  the community could easily be cleaned up with a better developer . 
  not much honestly , it 's been a rough patch . 
  next up - the washington monument , mt. 
  washington in general , mt. 
  washington tavern , washington and lee university , washington college , pratt street , the baltimore civil war museum . 
  the supplement industry is the biggest lobbying arm fighting to keep steroids illegal and steroid research nonexistent . 
  hiko 's makes far less sense if you ask me . 
  at least roca had reason to prefire that smoke . 
  i have no idea who can watch more than a couple of minutes of this crap . 
  only if you have all shaders on . 
  no one plays with them on though . 
  god damn , can cs : go be done with semphis already ? 
  who is left for clg to take ? 
  tl ; dr - the game is shit , has been shit for a long time , and valve is a garbage company that does n't give a shit about their shit . 
  unless it 's dota . 
  i know , heaven forbid i ask for a game with a development team , right ? 
  so entitled . 
  * my whims * ? 
  there is a post about the current state of mm on reddit every . 
  single . 
  day . 
  because of me ? 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  they just do n't want to make valve intrusive because of neckbeards hiding their privacy and porn and whatever . 
  shhhh . 
  everyone is a smurf now . 
  you 're a smurf too . 
  just give up , 
  i am mg1 and i play esea sometimes . 
  jokes aside , i topfragged a pug today .
