  the pigeon will knock over all the pieces , shit on the board , and strut around like it won anyway , 
  it did n't tie off anything . 
  at all . 
  they spent the whole season shitting on the pc crowd and in the end pc principal is still principal ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  fph was a response to / r/bodyacceptance , which while being misleadingly named was actually a haes subreddit that shilled an fa shit slurry just about everywhere . 
  redding banned the extreme that did n't sell ads , but the other extreme is still alive and kicking . 
  [ the people in this sub . 
  do n't want to get banned for posting nsfw content . 
  i wonder who the mods are though ... $ 50 on the boygirl in the black and yellow t-shirt . 
  na cs has too much ego . 
  i 've always gotten the vibe that european teams understand that performing is their job and liking their teammates comes second . 
  i creamed . 
  i miss legal meth :(, 
   silly woman, 
  always fucking it up for everybody . 
  except with huge tits , no ass and like a solid 35lbs heavier . 
  this is probably the best time to plug / r/wicked _ edge, 
  i guarantee you your sex wife is already getting it , probably from both ends . 
  i am playing the grand campaign on the emperor edition . 
  it starts me off with the etruscan league owning two provinces north of rome . 
  does the mod you describe work with the emperor edition ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll give it a try tonight . 
  they were the right band , in the right place , at the right time . 
  no , they are not that great , john lennon is not the jesus of music and people who defend them so staunchly only know like 2 songs . 
  getting cheated on . 
  what is up with all the gay questions today ? 
  have you ever been straight but sucked a dude off just to see what another dude 's cum tastes like ?!, 
  no , i 'm straight , i fucking have n't . 
  get over it . 
  he used the state to lay ground for a presidential bid . 
  none of his actions represented maryland , they just represented the democratic party nationally . 
  dat dere word of the lawd . 
  we actually answer questions rather than provide validation . 
  unlike a different , but similar sub that shall not be named ... 
  i had a plate thrown at me . 
  the same one also swung her purse in my face . 
  overall , 4/10 , would fuck again , but not date . 
  honestly , i 've never believed any of it , except the robbie parker bit . 
  that whole part of it is super sketchy , i do n't care what you believe . 
  government agencies . 
  you have no rights , and if you think you do , test them . 
  you will quickly be proven wrong . 
  also ouija boards , because fuck that . 
  because there are n't bigger things to worry about in baltimore ... 
  you heard it here folks , the red line solves murders . 
  also cures cancer . 
  probably . 
  i am a 28 year old man , who identifies as a 16 year old girl . 
  can i shower in their locker room too ? 
  also , just out of curiosity , not at all related , what 's the age of consent in that state ? 
  yeah , but it 's a she , and she is the shit . 
  she knows how to make me look good , so i just let her do whatever . 
  also i like how her fake tits rub against the back of my head as she moves around me . 
  germany \u2122 - because * why not * fuck up the entirety of europe every 50 years . 
  this one specializes in that actually . 
  she does the back of my neck with a straight razor always , and i 've gone in for a full shave sometimes . 
  it 's divine . 
  well yeah , you have to buy 18 new accounts when its on sale so you can smurf , or in case your main account gets banned while you 're hacking . 
  i swear , if this game cost $ 60 , the community would n't be such a third world shit show . 
  swag has n't played professionally in over a year , how are people still convinced he is the second coming of cs : go jesus ? 
  question . 
  i want to try one of the survival games , but ca n't decide between dayz , ark and rust . 
  i am mostly looking for a game which has the biggest active community . 
  recommendations ? 
  those are smurf/hacker accounts , do n't get too excited . 
  no man has ever said the phrase `` emotionally unavailable '' and meant it . 
  honestly , this game is a diamond in the dirt and it does not get nearly the attention it deserves . 
  it is a super fun tactical shooter . 
  however , i find that i have more fun playing with other humans against ai terrorists rather than the 5v5 matches . 
  it really gives off that swat feel when you have good teamwork set up . 
  i hope they expand that function further . 
  the most disgusting thing in there is that mosby makes $ 238k a year . 
  obviously the reaction was too much , but i do n't understand the notion that resisting arrest is something that is okay now . 
  it is not an officer 's job to determine whether you are guilty or not . 
  the court does that . 
  the officer determines whether you will be detained or not . 
  if the officers decide there is reason for you to be detained and possibly arrested , you * are * getting detained . 
  that is not a negotiation piece . 
  the perpetrator clearly resisted arrest and clearly attempted to escape . 
  do n't do that . 
  why would you ever do that ? 
  lol is for people who suck at dota 2 . 
  like me . 
  because that involves involved developers . 
  we 're a cash cow to pay dota 2 developer salaries . 
  if ptr drops the ego , stfu and awp , i could see liquid.ptr being a thing . 
  thanks to black lives matter , black lives no longer matter . 
  it did n't ? 
  there are shitty women on all ranges of the attractiveness spectrum . 
  yes . 
  quit being so butthurt . 
  you are used to your sub coddling you , so when you come to our sub and hear reality , you get butthurt . 
  the real world will hurt your butt . 
  toughen it up . 
  ffm threesome ? 
  that 's fine . 
  there are multiple ways the encounter can go here . 
  mfm threesome ?
