  would be a very valve thing to do . 
  they are 14 . 
  would love to see roca , but most likely freak . 
  it was just a question , no need to get pissy . 
  i know nothing about this stuff . 
  touche , did not think about that at all . 
  it 's insane how many problems less than 1 % of the population can cause ... 
  you never got good enough at playing soccer . 
  then the plan clearly wo n't work and you will buy some cases . 
  i have prime and just played two accounts that both had ~ 130 hours on mirage . 
  this conveniently cuts out the teen getting raped two blocks away , the sharia protest and the explosions in the backgound . 
  it 's baltimore and if you 're black , male and young , you get a slap on the wrist unless you murder somebody . 
  the guy that broke into my house had been caught and convicted of similar crimes 4 times in the past . 
  four times . 
  caught . 
  this excludes the robberies he was n't caught doing . 
  he got a year probation , no jail time . 
  claimed he was homeless and just looking for a place to shower . 
  bleeding heart female judge sneezed feels all over everything . 
  i have n't made a trade with profit in over a year . 
  everyone knows the price of everything and it 's all about getting that extra key or gambling items . 
  i used to look at kara dopplers as a prestige item hahahahah, 
  it was actually the institutionalized racism , get your shit together shitlord . 
  that 's a bs excuse every smurf uses and it 's bs and you know it . 
  you smurf so you feel superior to the players you are shitting on . 
  there are no new players . 
  and even if there were , there are absolutely zero barriers to them . 
  the barriers you listed are not being able to play with your shitty friends . 
  the game is growing at an exponential growth because it costs next to nothing to have 17 accounts , not because a huge number of new people are joining the scene . 
  the only thing that i could get out of the rest of your ramblings was you saying that some people are just better than others and smurfs have never ruined your games , which just shows that you 're either a ) a typical smurf asshole , b ) so high in ranks that smurfs do n't exist or most likely c ) both . 
  i 've been done with it since i got the gold coin . 
  there is no reason to go back since they changed the drop system to xp rather than individual missions . 
  my monitor is too big , it is super stretched . 
  the horizontal movement is way too fast . 
  valve will never make half-life 3 . 
  they are too busy trying to reinvent the wheel ( steam controller ) or throwing immense resources at gimicks that will end up being nothing but a blip on the timeline of gaming history ( steam machines , vr ) . 
  that or they are just wheeling their desks around in a circle . 
  she 's dripping by the end, 
  it blows my mind that reddit is still so butthurt over the bitcoin thing ... 
  how much ? 
  usually `` smurf '' means cheater . 
  to be fair , the glock is utter shit and needs to be buffed . 
  and i wish pistol rounds were not rng . 
  gambling site sponsorships . 
  plus many are rigged when it comes to famous people . 
  just because it 's `` provably fair '' does n't mean anyone has actually gone through the effort to check the hashes or anything . 
  sketchiest thing i 've ever seen was on double one time . 
  get right ( the real one ) bets $ 2,000 on red , wins and disappears . 
  never seen him on there before or after . 
  you 'd have to find the rounds in which they played and compare the hashes , but even then , it would not be too hard to rig it since you ca n't change your client seed on those sites . 
  so with the website having both the client seed of the streamer , and their daily seed , it would not be difficult to get a round hash that produces a winning result for the streamer so they just coordinate on when that will happen . 
  there was a guy i found on double who i saw betting big but inconsistent . 
  and he would more often than not win . 
  it made me a little suspicious , so i threw in some money and just watched . 
  i only bet when he bet , and made like $ 300 . 
  i do n't know if he had the seed cracked or if he was in the know somehow , but there is definitely no transparency when it comes to these sites with no regulation . 
  they do n't get greater odds , they get double the value of everything they deposit . 
  - deposit $ 1,000 but get $ 2,000 worth of credits . 
  source - i 've been approached for this before . 
  no one is trying to justify it , they are just trying to say it 's not ours or the website 's problem what your children do . 
  it was n't . 
  and how do you know i did n't take it ? 
  server daily seed + client seed ( permanent ) + round seed = hash ( result ), 
  next week , 
  a ) if the kids are able to freely buy skins on their parents ' credit card , you already failed the parenting quest . 
  b ) i agree there should be regulation , but until it happens , i will fight for gambling sites tooth and nail , no matter how much money i 've lost . 
  we 're not going to see regulation . 
  we 're going to see an outright ban , e.g. 
  i am tired of losing my adult privileges for the sake of the safety and well being of someone else 's vaginal discharge . 
  if you get your hands on those , post them on the subreddit , i would pay to watch that shitstorm . 
  overwatch comes out next week . 
  valve would be smart to try and offset their massive losses in playerbase by releasing prime and a concurrent vac wave in the same week the game releases . 
  sounds like valve are salty, 
  he 's my favorite rising talent . 
  the guy is a pure joy to watch . 
  i 'm having an abysmal esea month . 
  worst i 've ever had really . 
  i am massively inconsistent . 
  i went 23-10 one game and 5-13 the next . 
  i feel like i 've lost confidence . 
  i do n't know if that makes sense , i just do n't feel calm and confident in my movement , aiming , firing , etc. 
  i feel like i am playing the game afraid and losing due to it . 
  how do i overcome this ? 
  why would you spray from pit to long though ? 
  that 's just bad fundamentals . 
  find a ffa community dm server and stay there for a few hours with the ak . 
  you will get your shit pushed in , but you will come out of it stronger . 
  one more question , i tend to lose anti-eco rounds when a guy charges at me with 5-7 or tec9 and just strafes around me . 
  i ca n't get my spray on him . 
  what do i do here ? 
  do i crouch ? 
  do i spray or burst ? 
  obviously , i should n't be this close in the first place , but assume i am in mirage connector and a guy rushes me or i am playing under palace and they rush out of ramp . 
  fat women . 
  no it was n't . 
  everyone really needs to get the fuck over it . 
  someone is a salty immigrant who ca n't get a visa ... 
  how i would fix na cs ( from a managerial perspective ) :, 
  * kill personas . 
  you play with who you 're paid to play with .
