  the person i am buying it for does n't usually wear black ever though so i felt it was too dark for their style . 
  honest question , please do n't think i am trying to be a dick . 
  does n't a tudor just say `` i want a rolex but ca n't afford one . '' ? 
  do you ever any sort of `` pushback '' , i guess , from it socially ? 
  post pics please !, 
  i agree with you on the rolex . 
  to be honest , i 've never bought one , just because it 's so instantly recognizable as a status symbol . 
  it 's the bmw of watches . 
  of course he 's black . 
  if you ca n't manage your vaginal discharge , do n't have one . 
  i always knew there was something off about those favelas . 
  just ban children period . 
  does n't matter , mom still a cunt . 
  you ca n't kill foxx , that 's racist . 
  law abiding citizen was a bullshit movie . 
  the whole premise is pointless if butler does n't survive the ordeal . 
  op is a cheater from a a well known online cheating forum trying to downplay the issue . 
  you can get to level 3 in 5 hours . 
  how about they make it so you ca n't change your fucking name period ? 
  it 's a c rate inner city school for people who ca n't do/afford a traditional education . 
  the facilities and professors are largely shit , unless you 're in the law school . 
  there are a small handful of standout professors who you should make a connection with in each department . 
  would not recommend to anyone who has other options . 
  source : got my master 's there . 
  limit it to 0 changes per game . 
  there is literally no legitimate reason you would need to change your name in a game . 
  it 's either to avoid getting reported or to troll somebody . 
  one day my grandkids will ask me what free speech was and i will tell them it does n't matter because my entire generation of giant pussies voted it away to protect their feelings . 
  does n't matter , level equals exposure to more heroes and maps . 
  i firmly believe people sub level 10 should be in their own lobbies . 
  so no . 
  mica , johns hopkins and the university of maryland are * fundamentally * different institutions . 
  a class at ub cost me less than half what an equivalent class would have cost me at the respective business schools at hopkins and loyola . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  mica is an art school , what does that even have to do with anything ? 
  fact of the matter is that if affordability is not a criteria , there is no reason to choose ub over any of the other available options . 
  no one is innocent in baltimore . 
  how much does critical thinking pay per year ? 
  source : history major , now in accounting . 
  i hope not because ub is located ** inside ** the city , and has a campus classified as urban , hence * inner city * . 
  some people will get offended by anything ... 
  and they are both inner city schools ? 
  has n't been a wave in over a year , and the game is cheap as shit , sale or no sale . 
  and a slightly smaller crit box . 
  i stopped healing d.vas , it 's a waste of resources if another tank is present . 
  they just die too fast . 
  it 's true . 
  i can carry a low level game as mccree at the moment . 
  i think a longer flash cooldown and a fth cooldown will be enough though . 
  right now , if you miss your flash , you can just roll away and try again . 
  if you miss your flash it should be game over . 
  that 's a woman ? 
  no , it just means there is another side to the issue , but they refuse to show it or even acknowledge it 's existence . 
  oh man , the downvotes . 
  fuck i love this sub . 
  it 's always the women . 
  i really do n't think it 's helping the scene in the slightest that they composed the crowd primarily of prepubescent boys aged 11-14 . 
  why is it the fault of the business that your friends have shitty self control ? 
  it 's not . 
  the practice of business is to make money . 
  do n't attach morals to it . 
  source ... ? 
  the boston bombers were white guys at first too , remember ? 
  liberals are spouting an equal amount of shit on this thread . 
  get off your high horse . 
  completely unofficial and usupported . 
  the boston bombers were described as white males in initial reports too ? 
  you must have a pretty loose definition of white if you think so ... 
  i do n't know anything until i see the official report and am not making assumptions based on reddit comments . 
  magical , i know . 
  like i said . 
  loose definition . 
  nothing is confirmed until they catch him or he 's dead . 
  so the media reports about assault rifles could have been false , what a surprise . 
  it 's redditors hearing the chatter of other redditors and reporting it as news . 
  really sorry to hear about your friend . 
  ocean city has degenerated massively in it 's visitors . 
  during the beach season it 's a 24/7 trashy drunkfest . 
  i love the swing at the end of your jump . 
  you must play cs, 
  could have just said woman ... 
  we own a house down there too , but we only go during the off season . 
  i think its a combination of senior week getting bigger and bigger each year , all the shittastic events they have ( bike week , car week , etc. ), 
  and seacrets transforming from a reggae beach bar to a jersey shore garbage fest over the last decade . 
  6 foot tall white male . 
  fuck you reddit . 
  try playing position 5 in dota ... 
  i do n't get how it 's possible to get any enjoyment out of the game that way . 
  the idea of supports in mobas just needs to be rethought to begin with . 
  it needs to be something more than heal/shield bitch . 
  that 's the nasty side effect of cod type games having kdr as their only identifier of performance . 
  `` i play this game for fun '' is code for `` i am under the age of 16 and not good at this game so i claim to play it just to troll , when it reality i am trying my hardest and still getting shit on . '', 
  source - i have been playing counter strike since 1999 . 
  if they do all this customization bullshit before making prime live and unleashing a vac wave , i 'm switching to permanent overwatch mode . 
  bruh , i 've been playing since 99 when i was in middle school . 
  this game is the game of my generation . 
  we settled arguments and shit on it . 
  being good at it made you cool . 
  ( note : i went to middle school in a european country and we played at internet cafes exclusively , so it was a super social thing . ), 
  it 's always going to be a part of me .
