  it 's got a development team of like 3 people who are on valvetime - meaning they can work on whatever they want , whenever they want , even if that is nothing . 
  there is a constant stream of case revenue with literally zero input . 
  from a business perspective , it 's a golden goose . 
  zero effort , high results . 
  you know what 's even better ? 
  it has zero competitors . 
  tl ; dr - it 's the perfect storm between a self sustaining business model and a company who only cares for the bottom line . 
  it will never change . 
  there will never be anti cheat . 
  there will never be unranked competitive . 
  there will never be true solo queue . 
  what you have is what you get . 
  forever ^ or ^ at ^ least ^ until ^ source2 ^ but ^ probably ^ not ^ even ^ then . 
  because old nuke . 
  the whole match was decided in the the pistol rounds . 
  it was boring and predictable . 
  a lot of it is from laundering blow money through mixtapes . 
  how long is that / s gon na be applicable though ? 
  sooner or later , valve has to show they have more than 1 game , right ? 
  blizzard has the biggest mmo in the world and yet they still actively support hearthstone , diablo and hots , and are working on overwatch . 
  valve 's games other than dota are in a stasis and they are n't working on . . well . . anything really . 
  i 've gotten no drop my last 6 rank ups . 
  am i supposed to be getting stuff when i rank up ? 
  steam has roughly a 50 % chance to work on any given day so clearly not a ton of work going on to that . 
  steam machines will fizz out one year after they release . 
  same with steamos . 
  neither will make anything more than a blip in the radar . 
  mark this post if you want , if the whole steam machine pet project is making a mark on the pc game world one year after it 's release , i 'll trade you a knife . 
  valve is the video game equivalent of a billionaire who can tackle things like climate change and cancer but chooses to research time travel instead . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  switch to counter strike 's competitor ? 
  i keep on thinking of dignitas as the tsm squad and betting while drunk . 
  about to lost a max it seems . 
  why ? 
  gambling for skins is the reason cs : go is so popular right now . 
  do you think anyone would bother to watch a game between post-tsm lineup dignitas and dobry & gaming ( lol ? ), 
  otherwise ? 
  i am dmg , just deranked to mge last night in a rage filled lobby with two derankers on my team . 
  mm is in a weird state of flux right now . 
  there are derankers , smurfs , cheaters , etc. 
  i would n't put faith in any rank below supreme , and that is what i am working my way to . 
  i know this is cocky , but i swear , give me dev control and a team of programmers and i can fix mm in six months . 
  this is wrong . 
  the people that moved up were being held back by cheaters . 
  now that cheaters are n't there to roadblock , people are able to play at the ranks they are supposed to be at . 
  gn is n't supposed to be good . 
  it 's supposed to totally suck . 
  but with cheaters in the mix , you had to be at mge-dmg level just to get out of gn1 . 
  opening up the ranks is a good thing . 
  there should n't be an elo hell just because cheaters and smurfs all congregate at the sem-gn1 level and suck each other off . 
  besides , if you 're not global , you suck anyway . 
  it 's funny you say that , because a huge bunch of the old globals miraculously started playing on new accounts after the vac wave . 
  the ranks are reshuffling . 
  it 's natural . 
  as long as there is no anti cheat it will happen every 6 months or so . 
  also like the other guy said , go play esea . 
  we could try to set up a pubstomp type thing like the dota2 crew did . 
  counter strike needs any sort of acknowledgement from valve that it actually exists . 
  confirmed . 
  would suck dick for kennys foil . 
  does that exist ? 
  just tell them you leave your game on overnight . 
  not kids . 
  russians . 
  try it , you 'll never go back . 
  anything that 's not * overly * professional . 
  like the brazzers stuff for example is way too overproduced for me . 
  i hear you , i went back to my scruffy look , but if you decide on clean shaven there is no better way to go than safety razor . 
  i mean yeah , it does get sore after a while . 
  depends on what gun and where the sticker is placed . 
  some guns sold for like 500k with a sticker like that but it 's all about finding the right buyer and having the right gun . 
  csgl is not the place to sell something like that . 
  yes . 
  you do n't need to use axe `` africa '' or whatever to have a masculine smell . 
  just get one of the classic old spice smells , like sport or something . 
  you 're overthinking it . 
  it 's just deodorant . 
  it 's not a defining smell , it just covers bo . 
  i sold an ibp holo last year for a handful of keys . 
  the knife is 70k per steam analyst , i am not sure what you 're talking about . 
  i get what you 're saying , i didnt think 6-10k was too much overpay when paying in items . 
  what is considered standard overpay when paying in items over pure keys ? 
  it means you find her attractive , on a basic level . 
  i do n't see why you would ask someone on a date that you were n't attracted to . 
  thanks !, 
  no , 500 keys . 
  [ flusha 's mousepad ] ( http://files2.coloribus.com/files/adsarchive/part_323/3234655/file/ford-web-address-mouse-pad-small-67301.jpg ), 
  what settings do you use in aimbotz ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i love ptr and think he is one of the best awpers in na , but is it possible that he is just toxic ? 
  it seems like he was n't fitting well with clg or mythic . 
  obviously , we know nothing about team inner relationships but its possible . 
  i would n't feel confident betting on lgb/cph wolves here . 
  it 's a brand new team , who knows what their team chemistry is like . 
  for all we know , this could be the first time they are playing together as a team . 
  decent underdog bet imo . 
  but i 'd fuck her . 
  with all due respect , this was pretty pretentious . 
  entertainment saturation ? 
  self centered culture ? 
  for starters , your whole post sounds like it 's pandering to the perpetrators of terms like `` peter pan syndrome '' and the like .
