  great , i do n't take my kitchen out in public and expose it to you . 
  fun fact : he livestreamed the murder on facebook . 
  i can repaint it . 
  you 're stuck with your mistake forever . 
  fuck that disgusting cunt . 
  throw her back to whatever 3rd world shithole her people crawled out of . 
  so far he 's batting 1000 . 
  oh well that 's simple . 
  just get those non-lethal beanbag rounds , fire into the crowd as they ride by and arrest those who fall . 
  then threaten them with absurdly high prison sentences , which you will reduce if they cooperate on ratting out the rest . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  no more dirt bikes . 
  wouldnt it be fair if you also did this for / r/news ? 
  how far back on the avatar project can i let myself fall ? 
  i 'd like to make baltimore great again ... 
  your definition of american is very loose ... 
  i would vote for the actual , resurrected adolf hitler before i vote for hillary . 
  as long as it is hillary vs. trump , trump can murder a newborn baby on stage at one of his rallies and he will still have my vote . 
  yes . 
  serious , non-troll thought - i find it super shady how this sub did their two day moratorium and completely skipped on the / r/news and admin drama but is now in full circle jerk drama mode over / r/the _ donald . 
  the sjw subreddit spin machine is running at full speed . 
  i get it , every sub has an agenda to push , it 's just really disingenuous and hypocritical . 
  if you lived in europe , you 'd hate gypsies too . 
  gypsies suck . 
  abiding by a country 's laws ?!, 
  this sort of racist micro-aggression should not be present in the current year ... 
  i 've asked this before . 
  so rolex is wholly owned by the hans wilsdorf foundationn as a charity trust and pays no income taxes . 
  the foundation refuses to disclose any information on charitable givings . 
  am i correct in having a moral problem with this ? 
  i do n't understand why / r/all exists in the first place ... 
  just let every person have their own front page and fuck off . 
  but / r/enoughtrumpspam is just more trump spam ... 
  96.2 % white . 
  this guy has never been to europe for longer than a week ... 
  nah they probably do , we already know they hack ... 
  based on the rules against posting hacking footage . 
  ( i 'm not referring to pro witch hunts , rather to the complete ban on any form of discussion on hacks , websites , footage , etc. ), 
  it 's an argument that could go either way . 
  to many of us it seems like trying to pretend a huge issue does n't exist . 
  taxes . 
  how so ? 
  i am still running into 1 game accounts who get 30-40 kills , they just have 200-300 hours now ... 
  the lawyer guy was such an absolute douche . 
  all i see are sporting shotguns . 
  where are the dangerous assault machine guns with 300 round clipazines and cop killer bullets soaked in white baby blood ? 
  count the bodies like sheep , to the rhythm of the war drums . 
  why is m0e still around ? 
  why is csgodiamonds still around ? 
  device died for this . 
  i wish i had a multi-billion dollar company with multiple multi-million dollar franchises so that i could blow all that potential away and focus my manpower on gimmicks . 
  dark tints are illegal in maryland i believe . 
  desk diving with the beater - http://i.imgur.com/f2ygpt3.jpg, 
  what is everyone 's beef with the eta 2824 movement ? 
  it 's been around forever , it 's very serviceable , and is a reliable movement . 
  i guess i just do n't understand comments like `` it 's just a 2824 in a branded case . '', 
  why is that a bad thing ? 
  i do n't expect every company to reinvent the wheel and create their own in house movement that can probably only be serviced by their own in house technicians . 
  i think the original r8 was totally fine , just not at that price . 
  it should be awp priced , not an eco weapon . 
  i did gain a huge amount of internet respect for you !, 
  put the beater on a blue zulu strap . 
  so far , i love it . 
  will they name it londonistan ? 
  what is the point of this post ? 
  this is just bait to call people racist . 
  you do n't need the elaborate write up to do that . 
  let 's not waste both our time , just call me a racist and fuck off . 
  i 'd rather get a hockey team . 
  wow ... :(, 
  what you pay is what you get . 
  it 's a modified bukowski quote . 
  `` anyone who does n't think the way i do is a bigot '', 
  but that 's racist . 
  get out and reason with the bikers . 
  these are not animals dude . 
  these are people just like you and i , who have a sense of reason and feelings despite their disadvantaged upbringing and struggles against constant institutionalized racism . 
  and lead paint . 
  do n't forget the lead paint . 
  the rest of america was already against white males anyway ? 
  that 's terrible , gun violence is a massive issue in this country . 
  i hope her gun is taken away and she rots in hell . 
  white woman sjw yapping about how tolerant she is . 
  how does this even pass for a documentary ? 
  i do n't see why this is a big deal . 
  if i drag myself to rio to see the olympics , i want to see the olympics , not poor people . 
  maybe you should have put the olympics somewhere more appealing ? 
  the mods as well . 
  it 's really not that bad . 
  the whole `` esea is super invasive '' campaign is spearheaded by cheaters . 
  you seem to be one ... 
  windows firewall is more invasive than vac ... 
  your argument is pointless . 
  love this watch . 
  hate the factory band though . 
  changed it right away on mine . 
  but muh browsing history and privacy ... 
  / tips fedora, 
  right to privacy while playing cs : go now protected by the constitution . 
  you heard it here folks .
