  much of the american mainstream media has been on an anti-trump crusade for months . 
   do you mean by `` most of the work against climate change is being done by the private sector ? 
  yes , this is what i meant , sorry . 
  i understand it far better than i do right to work legislation . 
  you understand neither , and yet comment on both . 
  i 've seen your fatalistic doomsday posts all over this thread . 
  we get it . 
  you are salty . 
  very , very salty . 
  as a trump supporter , no . 
  he has n't appointed anyone to anything yet . 
  as are texans whenever california talks about secession , i am sure . 
  it 's this kind of `` i am starter than you '' bullshit that lost you the election . 
  do better next time . 
  it 's gon na be a fun four years for you . 
  mobile . 
  i 'd roast you if there was anything about you that stood out to roast ... 
  you 're the beige colored honda civic of people . 
  i am not interested in having something that everyone else has already had . 
  especially if i am constantly running into her past exploits socially . 
  i 'll add a notch on her belt though . 
  power . 
  really that 's about it . 
  heartbreak . 
  depression . 
  mostly the bad things . 
  because it 's not special . 
  not interested in one . 
  there is a fantastic middle ground between virginal flower and village bicycle and i am lucky enough to have found it , 
  you know nothing about me ? 
  for all you know , i was a virgin when we met . 
  i consider myself a happy medium between a virginal flower and a village bicycle as well . 
  regardless , this is a double standard that 's not going to change anytime soon , no matter how salty you or every woman that got gangbanged by a football team are . 
  man , are n't you the chattiest mod ever today . 
  relax , the double standard wo n't affect you , your wife or your wife 's son . 
  an opinion that you disagree with that is clearly held by multiple people based on the responses in this thread . 
  you 're a janitor . 
  all you * have * to do is sweep the floor of spam and rule breaking . 
  anything else you do is your choice . 
  so you are choosing to sit here and listen to me and my opinion you disagree with . 
  just because you think it 's stupid and hypocritical does n't mean you have to astroturf shit about it . 
  no one asked you . 
  op asked a question and you responded to it , as did a number of other people including myself . 
  no further input is required . 
  there is no discussion ? 
  we just have different opinions . 
  you have as much chance of changing mine as i do yours . 
  man , how long is this salt gon na last ? 
  there is n't enough popcorn in the world ... 
  there is a rumor that any and all forms of anti-cheat were disabled at lans to avoid valve authentication errors during matches . 
  the vac team is a blind autistic guy with a sociology degree and a deaf hamster . 
  french canadians are the most toxic people in the world . 
  they are neither french , nor canadian , and hated by both . 
  creates for a very toxic populace . 
  he also happens to be shox 's butt buddy . 
  whats the cheating situation like ? 
  where would one go to find these groups ? 
  but if they live in small states they are clearly backwards bigoted rednecks . 
  that 's what reddit has been telling me all week . 
  add a captcha type check with each verdict submission . 
  prime never did anything in the first place . 
  it 's security theater . 
  you can buy prime ready accounts for like $ 5 . 
  for prime to work it should be tied to competitive wins , not cs level . 
  the esea rank system is in a very weird place right now . 
  it really does n't indicate anything . 
  i am currently b , down from b + , and i do n't feel like i am playing with opponents of similar skill at all . 
  in one game yesterday i had more kills than the rest of my team ( all c/d players ) combined and we still lost . 
  two players on the other team were a + and on a decent main team ... 
  the ranks need to mean more . 
  a plays a , b plays b , etc etc. 
  too much . 
  200 games sounds like a happy medium . 
  splyce is reaching complexity levels of irrelevance . 
  much more likely he goes to echo fox imo . 
  arya is to splyce what n0thing is to cloud9 . 
  their brand essentially . 
  cs is easily worth a full price tag , considering the kind of shit that gets sold for $ 60 every year . 
  besides the community is shrinking , not growing . 
  the only people buying cs : go are players buying smurf accounts , or hackers that got banned . 
  i love how everyone bitches about not enough women in tech , but i 'm yet to see anyone mention how few female loggers , construction workers , plumbers and garbage collectors there are . 
  or how there are n't enough male teachers or nurses . 
  let 's empower women with a new deal . 
  push for grants for women to rebuild our infrastructure . 
  repair our dams and bridges . 
  repave our roads . 
  equality for women , across all fields . 
  who cares what swag plays at ? 
  play at what you feel comfortable . 
  or switch to 1024bb and finally get out of silver . 
  man , the trump 2020 campaign is already in full swing ... 
  na'vi on an esea protected lan , 
  slumps incoming bois . 
  against tyloo, 
  same thing on an nvidia 1080 , 144hz . 
  no thanks , that thing 's cancer :p, 
  shox bottom frag on first esea protected lan ? 
  and shox bottom frag kappa, 
  not necessarily leaving . 
  just not resigning .
