  and yes , win 10, 
  how do i do this ? 
  so i am new to ds3 and just tried invading for the first time last night . 
  i did it three times , and each time the guy had 2 other phantoms . 
  i am not good enough to kill 3 people , yet at least . 
  is that normal ? 
  so what do i do ? 
  just hope i land on a lone host ? 
  attacking 3 people is just a waste of time and any souls i may have . 
  it 's a terribly inefficient way to farm embers . 
  google the case and `` billy '' together . 
  you get everything , including the guy 's facebook with the picture change . 
  i honestly think his mother posted those pictures to try to provide some sort of basic closure to the family . 
  of course pros cheat . 
  why would n't they ? 
  they have a silent guarantee of not getting caught , because valve would n't nuke their own scene out into orbit . 
  i 've never beaten the crow of cainhurst . 
  shame . 
  * shame . 
  *** shame . 
  it 's a different pace than all the other souls games so it has a bit of a learning curve . 
  you have to get out of the `` hollow just trying to survive '' mindset and get into the `` i am the the hunter , not the hunted '' mindset . 
  just downloaded this driver on a brand new windows 10 system with a zotac gtx1070 . 
  literally the first thing installed on the system upon boot . 
  i now get random screen flickers on both screens when using mundane apps like google chrome or microsoft word . 
  never happens when in a game , except for wow loading screens for some reason . 
  i have two monitors , main one a benq running at 144ghz and the second one a shitty old gateway running at 60 . 
  where do i start to troubleshoot this ? 
  what the hell does she even do nowadays ? 
  she got fucked on camera like two times , why is she still relevant ? 
  also , why am i defending swag kelly ? 
  it 's the only souls game to truly feel `` clunky '' to me . 
  it was so slow . 
  i did n't feel in control of my character . 
  it did n't have that `` tightness '' to the movement that bb and ds3 have . 
  when i got to shrine of amana i just said fuck it , it 's not worth it . 
  i played through the game once , but could n't stomach a second playthrough . 
  yes . 
  bloodborne changes you . 
  forever . 
  bloodborne is the best souls game . 
  i am taking a full week off life if bloodborne 2 ever comes out . 
  i am currently playing dks3 because that 's the meta , but it 's not home . 
  home is in yharnam . 
  it 's a mix of both smurfs and hackers . 
  account selling websites are finally getting inventory of prime ready accounts . 
  trade related question - are there items considered `` rare '' that are more valuable in trades ? 
  such as drop only items or something ? 
  i would assume every item is available to every player on their playthrough . 
  i am going pure sorc , so i am keeping faith as it is for now . 
  and the luck is the basic luck of the sorc starter , i have n't touched it . 
  current plan is to farm road of sacrifices and the woods until i get 18 att and 25 int , then move past crystal sage . 
  no setting/story/lore has captured me like that before or since . 
  yes it looks like this . 
  i just saw your posts . 
  i tried switching the power settings and that didnt work . 
  i will try switching from 144 to 60 , back to 144 . 
  are you using two monitors ? 
  no good teams play each other this week . 
  after having read more , i can see the compelling argument them at its not him . 
  however , i do n't think anyone has actually presented coherent evidence that he has been dna tested . 
  it 's all just people behind usernames like you and i , but claiming to be le who are in the know who claim he has been tested . 
  for all you know , it could be him . 
  unless someone provides something credible about the dna test , it 's all hearsay , and without the dna test he looks like a credible suspect . 
  sorry , i replied to you on a separate post . 
  it really only makes me salty when the guy is laggy as fuck and skipping all over the screen . 
  why are poor people even allowed to own playstations ? 
  stop being poor , get the fuck off that dial up connection and then bm me when you win . 
  should be an artificial block preventing people from connecting to ds servers unless playing on at least a 50/25 connection or something . 
  what interesting timing for you to post this dear redditor for 8 days ... 
  another brand new account posting anti-trump posts the weekend after hillary passes out at a 9/11 memorial ? 
  this is clearly a coincidence . 
  to this day , after so many playthroughs it keeps me on edge . 
  it 's scary . 
  not shady at all . 
  his real name is clarence and clarence lives at home with both parents . 
  oh god yes , i ca n't wait . 
  because older women get salty at their already barren field getting even further picked apart . 
  we could quiet all the hippies about fracking if we just drilled for oil in your forehead instead . 
  you know the guy who fakes being a feminist tumblrina in the hopes of getting laid by the weak 6 scene girl who is currently going through that phase ? 
  you 're the strong 4 who actually fucks that guy . 
  i ca n't tell which lack of space disturbs me more - the one between your eyebrows or the one between your nose and upper lip . 
  you 're the girl the guys going to things like comicon or otakon realistically hope to get laid by . 
  it took me forever to beat this dude . 
  when i finally did , it was using +10 blades of mercy . 
  i would bait his lunge attack and do a left roll ending in one ` stab ' . 
  it would take like 160 of his health . 
  i just did this over and over until he died . 
  when i was finally able to execute it perfectly and actually kill him , i threw my controller down and walked out of the room . 
  did n't play the rest of the day . 
  i win . 
  you lose . 
  game over . 
  for real though , one of the best feelings in gaming ever . 
  do a few practice run to practice parrying him . 
  for me it 's easiest to gain distance , which baits his slide attack , then parry that . 
  i have never died to chalice dungeon rom . 
  i die to story rom every playthrough . 
  can someone offer advice on early game with this build ? 
  as in what order do you raise stats in ?
