  cocaine . 
  man , i am glad australia has all this money to throw around left and right . 
  often . 
  love it , especially when a girl has those small , cute girl hands . 
  what is a man exactly ? 
  until you can give a 100 % correct definition , a man is what you feel it is . 
  i am a man because i am in control of my actions and i do what i want to without letting what is considered `` being a man '' define me . 
  yes . 
  porn producers love to make interracial porn racist . 
  i do n't like that . 
  other than that , nah . 
  this totally justifies why they should go to europe instead ... 
  probably not . 
  i like boobs . 
  good luck . 
  man , the sjw propaganda legion is out in full force . 
  13th floor bro . 
  honestly , barbs are just stupid right now . 
  if the class got taken out of the game completely , i 'd be absolutely fine with that . 
  i think this season sucks . 
  if you 're not a barb or monk you get turned down from 90 % of groups . 
  that 's not okay . 
  fat white guys with ponytails who are into dungeons and dragons ? 
  i own 4 guns and have committed no murders . 
  explain that . 
   a considerable amount, 
  awesome statistical evidence bro . 
  honestly dude , fuck this game . 
  if you didnt play barb or monk at the start of the season you are miles behind in paragon and completely locked out of endgame . 
  dae lf swk for 65 speeds , 18,000 paragon minimum !!!!!, 
  path of exile is crashing all to shit too . 
  i swear they do it on purpose so i ca n't switch from one game to the other when one 's shitty servers stop working . 
  still waiting on games other than bloodborne to come out for the ps4 . 
  it 's just a dvd player at this point . 
  sooooo do i start playing the game now or do i wait for the next league to open ? 
  also d3 is their only game that does not provide any further profit once the game has been sold to the customer . 
  honestly , i would be okay with some form of microtransactions if they kept the game alive . 
  i dunno , maybe more than two playable classes , each with 1-2 possible builds ? 
  seriously not trolling , can someone explain to me how this game does not blow when compared to bloodborne ? 
  got it after finishing ng + + in bb and this is so ... clunky and slow . 
  the death 's actually feel unfair when compared to bloodborne . 
  i am having trouble playing it for longer than an hour without rage quitting because my handicapped idiot of a character turns into a downs syndrome paraplegic when using a lifegem . 
  tl ; dr - we have no cap space for anything but shit tier players . 
  flacco is not worth his money , simple as that . 
  downvote away . 
  we 'd be better off with a new , cheaper qb and some depth at wr and secondary . 
  hope it 's not too late to post this . 
  i want to save $ 4,000 . 
  this is not an emergency fund , but a specific amount for a specific purchase . 
  what is the best way to go about this ? 
  do i open a separate savings account and deposit into it ? 
  simple , do n't have kids . 
  no other game has ever gripped me like this and i tried all the other souls games . 
  i can not wait for the dlc . 
  nope , but i could use help on ebrietas if you 're available ? 
  nevermind , got it on my own , 
  well , that 's not * all * i want to do , but i was hoping it would be an option . 
  as in , an availability of apps . 
  i understand and admit my mistake . 
  if it does not have apps , what exactly is it for then ? 
  a small laptop ? 
  i am just confused as to where it would fit in in my personal electronics sphere . 
  the way i imagined it , it would be somewhere between my xbox and my desktop , with connectivity to both , and while not killer apps the lack of which i am aware of , at least basic functionality type stuff . 
  like reddit . 
  i get it though , i did n't research enough . 
  on a serious note though , what * can * i do with it ? 
  what do you do with yours ? 
  maybe i missed something completely , but i ca n't seem to be able to install stuff on it , hence not a real windows pc . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  sorry , very new to this . 
  i felt a great disturbance in the force , as if millions of college football fans suddenly cried out in terror , and were suddenly silenced . 
  i fear something terrible has happened . 
   aware of botting, 
   still doing nothing, 
  what exactly is the point of this post ? 
  the world is n't one big liberal arts college campus . 
  mizzou is what happens when you let just anyone in because you believe that everyone should be allowed in . 
  what started as a legitimate concern has evolved into race baiting and extortion . 
  good luck . 
  mizzou is what happens when you let just anyone in because you believe that everyone should be allowed in . 
  what started as a legitimate concern has evolved into race baiting and extortion . 
  you 're free to your speech , as long as you agree with the majority . 
  alternatively , you could be a grown up and not go on hunger strikes . 
  are we really comparing british rule in india and poop swastikas as equivalent things here ? 
  what it means is you make bad decisions . 
  do n't quote me , i quoted south park . 
  i assumed the quote had become vernacular by now . 
  `` at least we 're not mizzou '' - auschwitz elementary , class of 1941 slogan, 
  `` at least we 're not mizzou '' - auschwitz elementary , class of 1941 slogan, 
  like everyone else that is conservative , i started off liberal , then became conservative once i graduated college and actually started having to pay for the shit i was preaching . 
  you guys remember back when yale was a respected institution of learning that only accepted our elite and not just anyone ? 
  shit , i 'd play it more . 
  i 'd even hand them my browser history and social security number . 
  anything that cleans up the filth which is the cs : go community . 
  can we just disband mizzou at this point ? 
  when byu shits on you saturday , there is a solid chance my erection will last longer than four hours . 
  i do n't even go there , i just want to see your shithole excuse of an educational institution lose . 
  what , if anything , does this have to do with baltimore ? 
  honest , non-troll question . 
  why is nd in the top 4 ?
