  absolutely . 
  it 's already started . 
  had a guy yesterday with 8 hours played and obvious wallhacks . 
  the reason bo1s suck is because the map and starting side plays such a huge factor in deciding the outcome . 
  with a bo3 , you get a second chance if you get a shitty map . 
  sent . 
  sent for all 3 . 
  can you make me a deal if i buy 4 of those hypers ? 
  is the falchion a maxbet ? 
  if so , send me a trade offer , i 'll buy it . 
  sent for hyperbeast . 
  lounge has been fucking garbage this tournament . 
  women are capable of levels of mental gymnastics that are just not even imagined or thought of in the male gender sphere . 
  literally anything can be justified . 
  it 's time for you to discover scotch . 
  i 'd buy it . 
  where 's your etsy link ? 
  why are you trying to `` get over '' anything ? 
  i 've always felt like that is the wrong approach to this . 
  what happened is now a part of you . 
  accept it , because it helped make you who you are today . 
  do n't look for an old you , accept the new you and love it . 
  it 's okay to miss people you no longer want in your life . 
  / thread, 
   i 'm the cheater in our relationship, 
  i am missing something here . 
  explain this . 
  if they fucked , it is not appropriate for him to be that close to her still . 
  you 're 19 . 
  you 're not ready for commitment . 
  this is normal . 
  shit like this is the reason trump is gaining more and more traction every day . 
  if an attractive girl is wearing the glasses , yes . 
  i am not saying you have no reason to worry , but you are definitely projecting your own shittyness onto him . 
  this peeks my interest . 
  finally something other than `` tell me i 'm pretty !!!! '', 
  tell me more . 
  why do you think he sees no value in you ? 
  why was your life not together ? 
  what were the vague pretenses ? 
  you dated twice ? 
  tell me about that too . 
  not married but definitely settled down man whore . 
  this is much better than the life i had before . 
  i was lost . 
  now i am found . 
  or still lost , but in the right direction . 
  who knows . 
  settled down is an awful phrase . 
  i have n't `` settled '' at all . 
  i 've found the best option for me . 
  yeah , so i could put more tattoos on . 
  yeah , fuck all that . 
  it 's time to go man . 
  it was time to go like six months ago . 
  save you both the pain . 
  you guys are a disaster . 
  divorce . 
  let 's say my friend has tails . 
  he also has coinbase and electrum , and a market and a vendor and a mission . 
  this friend wants to make sure the btc is not traceable . 
  what is the best way for him to do that ? 
  add lingerie . 
  immediately . 
  i 'll bet you 1 gold she 's taking dick and it 's not yours . 
  does it matter if you find out ? 
  you are not getting what you are looking for in this relationship . 
  move on and find what you are looking for . 
  finding out will just hurt you and cause you more damage in the future . 
  if she squeezes the toothpaste in the middle again , i 'm gon na be on the evening news . 
  controversial topic , i am sure , but say i was looking for a proxy buyer in a particular metropolitan area . 
  someone more experienced than me willing to complete a purchase who i can then purchase off of in person . 
  would that be something that can be discussed on this forum ? 
  has anyone had any such experience before ? 
  your wife is hot . 
  is she single ? 
  but why semphis ? 
  i think there is some favoritism at play here . 
  there is no way nv should be that low , or tsm that high . 
  i did and it still does n't make sense . 
  if it 's considering recent form , i still do n't see why tsm is that high . 
  would you expect anyone who multiboxes to not be a weirdo ? 
  on ct , i love holding b on inferno . 
  it 's the chokiest of chokes and if you know how to play angles , you can one man hold the site pretty well . 
  on t , i love rushing a on cache . 
  i know all the smokes and flashes and i 'll drop a molotov on quad and clear shit out . 
  i mean , he 's not wrong ... 
  dude ... 
  this is like grade a reddit gold standard cuckery . 
  grow balls . 
  i hope they find him , and when they find him , i hope they kill him in cold blood and when they release the news , i hope there are mass violent protests about police brutality that result in more police killings so i will have plenty of material for when i sit at home and jerk off at the thought of a society that refuses to cleanse itself of its filth . 
  so fucking release it . 
  i think you meant to say lack of healthcare for mental illness . 
  fuck that . 
  kill him just make sure the cameras are on so i can upload it to pornhub . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  he was in the control room when she got shot . 
  he literally watched his love die on live video . 
  it will never happen . 
  edit : ever .
