  i do n't care about your `` sexual empowerment '' , unless the dudes were bi and blowing each other , you were just a pincushion for 45 minutes and that 's not attractive to me . 
  honesty gets downvoted here , 
  it 's not wrong . 
  it 's different in a way that i do n't personally like . 
  the way you expressed it shows exactly how different it is . 
  there are people who agree with me and people who do n't . 
  i do n't claim my opinion as universal . 
  so you 're a carry asking for someone to support ? 
  this is new and exciting . 
  the new movie theater was supposed to be too expensive for them . 
  hint : it is n't . 
  was solidly dmg pre-rank change . 
  lost my rank to inactivity . 
  came back and lost two 4v5 matches where someone rage quit , top fragging each time . 
  won the third and gn4 . 
  well is the aunt hot ? 
  agreed , nip as an organization is a cancer on pro cs : go . 
  what 's the gift ? 
  shitty photoshop ? 
  black people are murdering each other at way , way , wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy higher rates than police are murdering them . 
  you just chose the convenient time to get mad . 
  serious non-troll question . 
  why was there no gross negligence/manslaughter charges ? 
  well would n't the rambo police cruiser approach be considered negligent ? 
  if you think someone is armed , you do n't drive up to within two feet of them , right ? 
  is this thing good for rocket league , or should i get an xbone controller ? 
  male , hands down . 
  there is no such thing as `` competing with other guys '' . 
  it 's the most retarded premise men have come up with ever . 
  if you have to compete , you already lost . 
  she is either into you or not . 
  you should never have to convince someone to be into you . 
  no one ever achieves their dreams . 
  instead , strive to achieve your goals . 
  your goals , however , are grossly misplaced . 
  they are a perfect vessel for laundering cocaine money . 
  most are owned by the same people under various sham umbrella llcs . 
  if american , go watch one of the two amazing games happening that day at a bar . 
  you will meet people , get drunk , possibly get laid , overall have a great time . 
  not necessarily . 
  attractiveness does n't guarantee sexual skill , however assuming no other variables , of course someone more attractive is better . 
  it pisses me off that brett cooper and axl rose are still alive while talent is dying off all around them . 
  saks off fifth has saks brand shirts at discount prices . 
  can get 3 for $ 100 sometimes . 
  they are great for work . 
  this is our men now ... 
  lounge is the # 1 reason i hate foreigners . 
  just posting here so i get banned from shit subs , thanks !, 
  because you are fat . 
  long and wavy . 
   there is no region lock in dota 2 and look how that is working out for dota 2 . 
  ftfy, 
  dota 2 is a peruvian shithole in the west and a russian shithole in the east . 
  most games are 3v3 , with 2 bots on each side . 
  those are fine . 
  it 's the games that are 5v3 that hurt . 
  that does n't give you the right to pit them against each other . 
  it does n't work . 
  you 're not going to turn shit into a fruit basket . 
  one of these dudes got himself creamed in the county a few months ago . 
  it was a good day . 
  it 's bleak . 
  still have n't been banned , so commenting again to get banned . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  and you 're within full rights of the law to ask for it back . 
  probably not . 
  smurfing is out of control . 
  if only we had a lol-like anti smurf system . 
  or you know ... developers . 
  done, 
  if a new account gets an obscene amount of kills in a game it speeds up the rate at which they rise in rank . 
  so if an account with 40 hours got a 50 bomb in a silver game , they would get bumped up instead of staying in silver/nova for dozens of games before ranking out . 
  not really , you still need a certain number of wins to rank up , so you can 40-50 drop in many games before you reach your true rank . 
  lol essentially has an algorithm to rank up players who * very visibly * outplay their teammates and competition . 
  he is who the narrator wishes himself to be . 
  we are not tyler . 
  tyler does n't exist outside of the narrator 's imagination . 
  we are the narrator . 
  once you realize that , he stops being so inspiring . 
  the fights between tyler and the narrator , yes . 
  the other fights , no . 
  things feel okay for a second . 
  ( \u25d5 \u0296\u032f \u25d5 ), 
  your shitpost makes me sad . 
  it had nothing to do with money , he just clearly was n't her type !, 
  right gals ? 
  there never has existed a game with a shittier community than this . 
  cs : go \u2122 - smurfs , hackers , russians and those two guys that actually play the game . 
  where consequences do n't exist , because what is another $ 7.49 anyway ? 
  true unpopular opinion - fuck pub servers . 
  this was the biggest waste of time ever and nip remains cancerous shit . 
  not a question , just posting to say i just figured out you have to * set * your monitor to use all 144hz after about a year of owning it . 
  feels much better . 
  what kind of key overpay would you be looking for on that kara slaughter if i pay in skins ? 
  hey , i am looking to downgrade my fn bayonet slaughter , if i can trade it for 100k worth of your skins , let me know , i 'll send a trade offer . 
  keys only ? 
  i 'd trade you my fn bayonet slaughter for it . 
  how come ou gets a bench warning , but we get a 15 yard penalty ? 
  fuck these refs and fuck the big10 . 
  college football 's autism division .
