  man , fuck white people . 
  these are just script kiddies . 
  we need a real computer/internet professional to track them down . 
  then we start a gofundme to hire someone to go kill them . 
  they are using it as advertisement for the botnet that they sell . 
  you have the most clemson username ever . 
  i love you . 
  i have a personal conspiracy theory that yours is somewhere in icc . 
  they just ca n't seem to nail down their vision of what they want a frost dk to be ... 
  like a permanent dancing rune weapon ? 
  that would be sick . 
  like i said in the other thread , fuck these white cops killing all these innocent black angels . 
  it 's disgusting is what it is i tell you . 
  why ? 
  we live in a huge country with a large violent crime problem so obviously there will be a high number of police officers killing violent criminals . 
  african americans have the highest rates of violent crimes , and crimes in general , so naturally they would represent a higher percentage of that statistic . 
  i know ... 
  i was being sarcastic in my original post . 
  you missed it . 
  i wonder what kaepernick commented on charlotte , which is burning right now ... 
  give it time . 
  ignoring black on black crime as if its not an issue smacks of even bigger racism . 
  stop patronizing and trivializing black people . 
  they are real human beings and can be held accountable for their actions like any other race . 
  conveniently ignoring the instances that do n't support your narrative is not productive . 
  you 're not ignoring another issue , you 're just picking the low hanging fruit because that 's what gets fake internet popularity points currently . 
  `` black on black crime does n't exist . '', 
  `` we '' know nothing about what happened in tulsa . 
  `` we '' are passing judgment before letting the authorities do their job and investigate . 
  what happened to due process , innocent until proven guilty , all that shit . 
  if the cop committed murder , is she not due her right to a fair trial ? 
  `` they '' are already burning down a city . 
  well yeah , when you riot , attack innocent people , burn a city down and block highways before any sort of investigation has been done the system is truly broken . 
  anyone know what happened to the thread on the front page marked too far ? 
  did this sub finally become a giant pussy too ? 
  are they deleting everything sarcastically ? 
  i am so confused . 
  `` who cares about 9/11 ? 
  it 's time to get over it . 
  vote hillary . 
  - obama, 
  videos have been shown to make no difference to the blm types . 
  people do n't believe that . 
  people do have self control . 
  rioters are n't people . 
   constant indignities, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  as a fellow clemson alumni , i am ashamed of you . 
  what people do behind closed doors is their own fucking business . 
  what people do for everyone to see is everyone 's . 
  and you defending what people are doing in charlotte is an embarrassment to all of us , most of all to clemson , which i would hope would have taught you better . 
   i am here and i know for a fact what many people were doing . 
  i doubt it . 
   i know for a fact there were church leaders here trying to keep things safe and calm , talking with police respectfully . 
  other church leaders were calling for racial violence . 
  your anecdotal evidence is meaningless ? 
   i also know there is every reason in the world for people to be pissed off . 
  there really is n't though . 
  a criminal with a gun did not comply with police orders and was shot . 
  it 's not even a racial thing , the police officer was black . 
  there is nothing to riot about . 
   i am not defending the instigators who caused a lot of this . 
  you absolutely are . 
  we clearly did not attend the same clemson . 
  i am sorry it did n't work out for you . 
  good luck in the future . 
  someone takes their misguided rage and places it violently on innocent people ? 
  yeah , it 's time to take away their humanity . 
  just get a hack . 
  never get detected , fastest way to get good , there is no downside . 
  still ca n't download demos . 
  overwatch affected too ? 
  looks like hacking is back on the menu boys . 
  see you on my alt . 
  could n't care less . 
  due process before conviction is not up to the police , it 's up to the judge . 
  the police do n't determine guilt , they determine if you are to be arrested . 
  if you are to be arrested , its not a fucking question , and if you do n't like it , you take it up with the judge , not with the police . 
  `` everyone i disagree with is stupid . 
  i am so smart . '', 
  - this thread . 
  this whole thing belongs in / r/iamverysmart, 
  new player . 
  i check `` fill '' when i select role . 
  i still have 10 min queue times . 
  is this normal ? 
  i am level 12 for reference . 
  what do i play then ? 
  makes sense . 
  rememeber , [ women are n't allowed to support trump anyway . 
  ] ( http://ww4.hdnux.com/photos/46/66/03/10182891/3/920x920.jpg ), 
  you 're funny . 
  it is if you try to join a group . 
  as the group starter , it 's actually pretty magical . 
  it 's free . 
  if you want to play cs and enjoy it , you have to pay . 
  that 's a huge reach . 
  they recovered no book from the scene of the crime . 
  no , they are determining imminent danger . 
  you seem like a true expert on police tactics and threat response , single guy from boulder who likes to play xbox , photoshop stuff and make okcupid memes .
