  i 'd go to this and have fun . 
  here is an idea i 've seen work in the past if you are looking for more activities - have everyone bring $ 50 in $ 1 bills and do ghetto casino . 
  blackjack , three card poker , etc. 
  it 's a lot of fun after a few drinks . 
  it 's not pointless . 
  you 're going in with a shit attitude . 
  so here is the thing . 
  women want you to compete . 
  but what the fuck are you competing for ? 
  you are not the competitor , you are the prize . 
  get in that mindset . 
  you 're caring too much . 
  do less . 
  be the guy that she is texting , not the guy that is texting her . 
  do n't ask her out on dates . 
  decide what you 're doing and invite her along . 
  do something you want to do . 
  if she does n't want to go , go do it anyway and have fun !, 
  it sucks super bad i know , but the best way to go about attracting women is to give the least amount of shit about women that you possibly can . 
  they are irrelevant to your existence . 
  if they want to be relevant they have to earn it . 
  validate yourself but expect validation in return . 
  always assume interest unless given reason not to . 
  the big tell is physical contact/distance . 
  if a woman is interested she will subconsciously create physical contact . 
  a brush of the hand , a pat on the shoulder at a good joke , a poke in the ribs if you make fun of her , whatever . 
  she will actively breach your space , even if she is not aware she is doing it . 
  on the other hand , if a woman is not interested , she will not only keep your space but she will make a very good point of keeping hers . 
  i do n't say it like it 's easy , i say it like it 's necessary . 
  you are thinking of rejection incorrectly . 
  you think of it as `` i did n't qualify '' . 
  instead , think of it as `` we were n't compatible '' . 
  do n't think of it as `` i lost her '' , think of it as `` she passed up on a great guy . '', 
  i am assuming you are a decent person here , you could be a total asshole for all i know . 
  my point is that what comes across in your writing is that you feel like you * need * a woman and when you do n't get one , you feel like you are missing out . 
  like you 're not getting what you deserve . 
  that is an unhealthy approach and leads to you coming off as desperate . 
  stop looking for the right woman or even any woman . 
  you need to take a mindset that women are the compliment to your statement . 
  the dash of lemon to your jack and coke . 
  the glass of wine to your entree . 
  it would be great to have one , but you 're still a juicy fucking steak without it . 
  women want to date steak , they do n't want to date the grilled chicken salad . 
  be the steak . 
  even if you 're not the steak yet , assume a mindset of `` i am the steak '' and fake it until you make it . 
  are you steak yet ? 
  the point of faking it until you make it is that you fake the confidence until you can increase your value enough to where the confidence comes naturally . 
  if you get rejected by 100 women and the guy that got rejected by the 100th woman is the very same guy that got rejected by the 1st woman , that 's not on the women , that 's on you . 
  [ look at me op ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/rvzeejvvwebug/giphy.gif ), 
  do n't you dare fucking do it . 
  do n't even get involved . 
  turn around and run . 
  run as far as you can . 
  i speak to you on a online bro to bro `` i 've been here '' level . 
  dude somehow found out my address and showed up at my house at 1am and i had to sit at the top of my stairs with a glock in one hand and my cat in the other while on speakerphone with the popo with him slamming his drunken body against my front door the whole time . 
  you do not want that kind of drama in your life . 
  you do not want to actively get between two off hinge people and become part of their drama . 
  it 's only been three months , you have no attachment to this girl . 
  back out , tell her you have no interest until she cleans up the mess with her ex and watch what happens . 
  if she really wants to be with you , she will take care of things and come to you . 
  i am willing to bet what will happen is she will blame you for abandoning her and not being there for her . 
  you 're being a white knight and risking your own happiness , safety , and possibly life over some pussy . 
  cut it out . 
  you 're a grown up . 
  nah , sorry if i came off that way . 
  my point is that you need to be improving , not being stagnant . 
  even tom brady gets rejected . 
  everyone gets rejected . 
  what i am getting at is that if you go in with an attitude of `` i am going to get rejected '' you come off as not confident , your body language is off , your voice cracks , your eyes flutter . 
  you 're not comfortable . 
  the goal is to be comfortable in any situation . 
  wear your insecurity as your armor . 
  everywhere you go , everyone wants to meet you . 
  that girl you 're going to say hi to ? 
  that 's going to be the highlight of her day . 
  it might not be , but that 's how you 're going to carry yourself . 
  think about it man . 
  you are king of your own life . 
  you are master of your domain . 
  you do what you want , when you want , how you want and you do n't need anyone 's validation to be happy with that , especially some girl at some bar . 
  that does n't mean going around and being unnecessarily cheery all the time . 
  it means never being on tilt . 
  it means never being uncomfortable . 
  think of the emojis . 
  you are not the happy emoji . 
  you are not the sad emoji . 
  you are the flat face emoji . 
  no matter what happens , at the bar , at the club , at the gym , on a date , with her parents , while you 're fucking her , you are the flat face emoji . 
  that kind of self-confidence is contagious . 
  it 's like social cocaine snorted up the nostrils of the people around you . 
  be king . 
  be the flat face emoji . 
  i would think it was . 
  it 's much easier to fuck up now . 
  the stakes are much higher . 
  if you get the dreaded c-word ( creep ) attached to you , you become cancer to a modern girl in her 20s and her social circle . 
  hence the whoever cares less . 
  if you care , you are guaranteed to fuck up . 
  i doubt it was like that in earlier decades , but i would n't know . 
  i know it sounds retarded , but the emoji analogy is how i got myself in the mindset .
