  or just make execute cost a reasonable amount of mana , like let 's say 3 . 
  this triggered so many fat and/or non-white chicks . 
  they created priest drama to take attention away from how obscenely broken warrior is . 
  play c'thun warrior with justicar . 
  it 's anti everything . 
  slow 20 + minute games are boring ? 
  who knew ... 
  pay blizzard enough money to make a warrior deck and then keep up with them . 
  the only way to beat it is for you to have a perfect curve draw and for him to have the shittiest draw ever . 
  just make the same deck and enjoy the free wins against non-warrior . 
  you may love to play 20-25 minute games , but most of the community does n't ... 
  this guy is the definition of neckbeard . 
  okay , i am done with reddit for the rest of the day . 
  i refuse to spoil this for myself . 
  one of them wants to bang the other . 
  i ca n't tell who . 
  but there is tension in the air . 
  i need to know who ear/ons is . 
  i simply need to . 
  i think he got killed in oregon during a break in earlier this year . 
  but auto include classic cards are totally okay . 
  why does it being a class card make a difference ? 
  there should n't be any ` auto-include ' cards . 
  i have n't seen my key legendary in 8 + games . 
  some of them went well into the double digit turns . 
  bad luck happens . 
  quester 's site is a total mess as far as finding any specific information . 
  having sifted through just about all of it , it seems that circumstantial evidence is all that ties rp to the case , time and location . 
  unless i am missing something major of course . 
  no , no we ca n't . 
  crutch card for bad players . 
  you could have saved yourself a bunch of key strokes and just said `` i 'm a shit player . '', 
  i fully disagree with this . 
  no one bms more than a c'thun warrior each time he does something that gives him armor . 
  i just concede when i get the `` heh , greetings . '', 
  when he drops justicar . 
  it 's just not worth my time . 
  i move on and hope their mom gets cancer . 
  if you let your pretty blonde girlfriend ride the bus alone in baltimore , you deserved anything that could have possibly happened to you . 
  source : i live in baltimore . 
  white people do n't ride the bus here . 
  the community is mostly neckbeards screaming about `` muh privacy '' . 
  no wonder valve wants nothing to do with it anymore . 
  muh privacy, 
  tip my fedora to you , mr. anonymouse . 
  care to buy a v mask ? 
  germans also . 
   plays warrior . 
   says warriors are not the problem . 
  so essentially , anyone on reddit ... 
  step 1 : buy a global account and/or esea membership . 
  step 2 : go suck in their games , making them play 4v5 the whole time . 
  step 3 : when they bitch about it , tell them that they come ruin your games so you get to ruin theirs too . 
  i used to do this until i gotgud . 
  it was the best . 
  smurfs do collateral damage . 
  so do i. 
  i feel no remorse . 
  serious question from an uneducated observer . 
  why ? 
  flusha out of the spotlight right when pro cheating finally becomes an actively talked about issue . 
  how convenient . 
  he is most likely dead . 
  if he had family , they most likely discovered who he secretly was after disposing of his personal items . 
  in an effort to protect whatever reputation he had and their family name , they most likely disposed of everything and agreed to never talk about it again . 
  the end . 
  it really is 50/50 between alive and dead unless something coherent comes out . 
  i want to believe michelle mcnamara was really onto something and we will find out more when/if her notes are released . 
  [ this sketch of ear/ons ] ( https://questersite.files.wordpress.com/2015/12/maggiorecomposite2-50.jpg?w=320&amp;h=413&amp;crop=1 ) , the age , and the strangeness of the break in . 
  honestly , it was confirmation bias . 
  i thought about it . 
  i am not sure how noteworthy any of this is . 
  would they collect dna from a random dead guy that broke into a house ? 
  in the older photo his eyes are wide open , while in the younger one they are very relaxed , which could contribute to the difference but i see what you 're saying . 
  i absolutely could be !, 
  however whether the older man does n't match the picture on the right , it does n't change that it does n't really match the image on the left either . 
  for example , the yearbook image has a downturned wide nose , while the older picture has an upturned narrow bridge nose . 
  assuming they have his dna from the dui , would they automatically look it up against a national database ? 
  the yearbooks in question are accessible on e-yearbooks . 
  i may go ahead and buy a membership to be able to look at them . 
  the sad thing is that prior to blm coming around , black lives actually mattered ... 
  this is n't really a rabbit hole . 
  billy did it . 
  someone even updated his profile picture in 2015 ( years after he died ) with a picture of him in 1998 wearing the green jacket . 
  edit : further info , his mom destroyed his hard drive `` for closure '' . 
  billy was a disturbed person who should have never been let out of the loonie bin . 
  he did it , nhpd botched the investigation royally and it 's been swept under the rug as a bad stain on yale 's reputation that no one likes to talk about . 
  i find this ironic coming from obama . 
  this whole thing was a giant fraud kickstarter that actually made it the whole way . 
  well , there goes cs : go . 
  where you at blm ? 
  let 's burn down the neighborhood . 
  cs did well ? 
  you sound like you were n't around back then ... 
  those websites are usually pretty good at finding out you are from america . 
  have a seat and watch it die . 
  with no skin betting there will be no small leagues because there will be no viewership . 
  with no small leagues there wo n't be rising talent . 
  you 'll watch the same 8 teams consisting of the same players play each other over and over every major . 
  let 's see how long that lasts ...
