madrid - one of the classiest , most peaceful cities i have ever been to . 
  rome - if you are a history buff , even in the slightest , this is a must . 
  charleston , sc - i am assuming the majority of people here are american , and charleston is truly one of the most european cities in the states , definitely worth a visit , and helps break up a number of stereotypes about the south . 
  i would love to be a hot girl and be able to get into any bar/club/venue right away , for free . 
  and then have guys fighting to buy me drinks . 
  itt : things cost money , and that makes people mad . 
  redefined # 1882 - na east - played since closed beta . 
  i am starting to see some performance drops on games such as witcher 3 and far cry 4 on my current system . 
  this is mostly in the form of choppyness and screen tearing . 
  i like to play my games at high ( non-ultra ) setting . 
  i currently run an i5-3570k 3.4 ghz with 8gb ram and a gtx 770 . 
  what would be the most logical to upgrade to get a performance boost ? 
  any specific part suggestions ? 
  chen is the stupidest hero in the fucking game and i hate playing against him . 
  redefined # 1882, 
  hl rank 40 , just started . 
  up for qm and hl . 
  have most heroes . 
  redefined # 1882, 
  hl rank 40 , just started . 
  up for qm and hl . 
  have most heroes . 
  price check - gtx 770 2gb , never overclocked, 
  if i buy an ssd , can i just copy over my existing games or do i need to reinstall them on the ssd itself ? 
  as a fellow clemson alum , who mains anub , i love hate you . 
  jokes aside , my awping got better when i sold my butterfly because i wouldnt always do that rapid q-f , to look real cool to the dead guys . 
  this post is going to disappear . 
  mark my words . 
  if it ever comes ... 
  the game has been in beta/early release for like 3-4 years i think . 
  this does n't fit the narrative . 
  soon to be deleted . 
  this has been deleted from / r/videos 4 times now . 
  you are next . 
  because i did n't just buy brightwing last week . 
  fuck everything . 
  serious question , do any english speaking players even play this game anymore ? 
  there seem to be dozens of you in this subreddit but i rarely run into any in game . 
  this is how i feel when smurfs play on their actual account and i derank them , 
  i know he is super overpowered right now , but i actually love anub 's playstyle . 
  very mobile and allows the ability to be aggressive . 
  i hope that they do n't gut him in the next patch . 
  peru must be the shittiest country on earth . 
  based solely on population of english speaking players , should i play lol or dota 2 ? 
  i 've been playing dota2 but i keep running into non-english lobbies on us east and it 's been a huge turn off . 
  i wonder if it gets better higher in the rankings . 
  where does the original meme come from ? 
  does anyone know ? 
  all of south america plays on us servers , making those the real lost region of dota . 
  i do n't know how this game expects to grow if the first thing a new player sees upon going into a game is 4 people telling him to kill himself in a language he ca n't even understand . 
  it 's a really toxic environment in a dire need of segregation . 
  you will never rise above the mmr you are placed at . 
  think about it . 
  i am at 1970 right now . 
  if i want to get to say , 4k , i would have to win 81 games in a row . 
  let 's say i have something realistic , like a 65 % win rate . 
  i would now have to play like 125 games ( napkin math ) to get there . 
  this is still manageable provided you get to play 125 real games and maintain a 65 % win rate . 
  that is impossible . 
  i do n't know where you play , but on us east , my win rate is largely computed by a complicated equation of # of peruvians on my team , # of peruvians on enemy team , # of trolls , # of shit picks . 
  there are too many variable out of your control to expect any real rise in mmr over time . 
  these stories i hear of people starting out at 600 and going back up to 4k are very unique examples and usually cheesed in some way . 
  tl ; dr - ignore solo mmr , find a team and focus on team mmr . 
  where do you queue now ? 
  because there is no surrender button and even though the game is over at minute 35-40 , your team feels the need to turtle in the base for another 25 minutes , because hurr durr , dota2 is hardcore , never give up . 
   there are a lot of angry , lonely men who are unhappy with their lives in some way, 
  wow , congratulations , you take the cake for the most pretentious thing i 've seen on this website so far . 
  there are just as many fat , lonely , undesired women on this website unhappy with their lives who externalize that anger by blaming men/skinny women/the media/the patriarchy , etc. 
  reddit is fringe culture social media . 
  it 's a slight step above tumblr . 
  to take your angry feminish brush , dip it in period blood and paint any argument against your viewpoint as `` angry/lonely men '' is downright asinine . 
  i would rather spend a week in somalia than a day in chicago . 
  it 's a must have for sven . 
  if i can get babysat in a pub until i get mom and bkb it becomes a snowball gankfest . 
  not to necro a 2 month old thread , but communication does n't work in a game where most people do n't speak the same language . 
  you missed the part where they scream at americans on us east about ez mid nob team . 
  try 2k . 
  it 's a never ending peruvian hellride that you just want to get off of but simply ca n't . 
  it 's bloodseekers these days mostly . 
  sad , sad , sad . 
  what if i do n't know the intricacies of templar assassin ? 
  why would you show weakness to anyone , especially a woman you are with ? 
  best case scenario she puts it in the back of her mind to exploit when it becomes convenient . 
  if she is n't responding and that bothers you , just stop responding . 
  it will either :, 
  a ) bother her , she will talk to you about it , and you solve your original problem then . 
  b ) not say anything , and then you have a more serious problem because there is some disconnect you are n't picking up on between you two . 
  women are predators . 
  be a predator . 
  well , my mother 's boyfriend died . 
  i do n't care , except that my dad died while they were together too , and her father died young , so now she is convinced that the men in her life are bound to die . 
  which sucks because i feel like it puts undue pressure on me to live , and i know that sounds retarded , but i feel like i need to adjust my habits in order not to die because it would crush my mother . 
  that 's just the tip of my iceberg of the weekend . 
  they want to hear what they want to hear , not the truth . 
  you ca n't beat wicked and mama mia , but then again , i have n't seen book of mormon . 
  yes , because it is an insult . 
  you are the afterthought when she 's done exploring the field of dicks . 
  do not be that guy . 
  if anyone says that to you , fuck them one more time , and then let them find someone to settle down with . 
  i have learned to wake up to my door chime no matter how hard i sleep .
