  agreed . 
  no one with a mizzou resume is getting into my company . 
  you need to get out of the mindset of thinking like a hollow - weak , alone and hopelessly overmatched . 
  you are a hunter now . 
  hunt . 
  i own the same ones . 
  best boots i 've ever had . 
  this is what happens when you take bullying out of schools . 
  bring bullying back . 
  well ... that 's it , trump just got my vote . 
  i hope byu fuck you like their hottest wife on the day the rest are out with their kids . 
  i bought byu gear and converted to mormonism just so i can get the full effect of stroking my 4 + hour erection watching them destroy you all the way back to the reconstruction era . 
  i would cheer for al qaida in a football game against you . 
  i would support a team of auschwitz prison guards over you . 
  crawl up your self righteous assholes , go to hell and die . 
  quit making the rest of academia look bad . 
  clearly institutional racism . 
  y' all are a disgrace . 
  an extension of white knight syndrome , believing the girl not at fault . 
  i personally feel that a maxi dress that is tight in all the right places is the sexiest thing ever . 
  tabitha stevens just seems like the kind of person who knows everything there is to know about fucking . 
  watching this and knowing that the next generation of white people who grow up in this will make the kkk look tame gives me both a warm fuzzy feeling , and also unmatched dread . 
  do you want another hitler ? 
  this is how you start . 
  soon , at this rate . 
  do that with obama and see how well it fares . 
  also , fuck you op , i hope your future offspring gets leukemia and you get to watch them die . 
  mark my words , the nazi flat will fly again over europe , but this time it will be welcomed rather than shunned . 
  dark time are ahead . 
  light up the kilns , time to eat kebab . 
  we are about 500 years overdue for a crusade . 
  islam \u2122 - `` it 's not us , it 's just them . '', 
  yes . 
  it 's not worth it in the long run . 
  on a daily basis i wear a very simple and plain brown leather fossil . 
  when i dress up , i wear a burberry my so got me . 
  prior to that , i wore a simple movado . 
  stopped being cool in 1994 . 
  lower your expectations of life after college . 
  this is what happens when you ban / r/coontown . 
  `` i played 1.6 at a high level '' is pretty much code for `` i am doing something shady '', 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  male bonding is a dying idea , that 's for sure . 
  how exactly did you manage to date someone for four months without figuring out he is engaged ... ? 
  by talking about things in terms of `` us '' rather than in terms of `` me and you '' . 
  i do n't care how stupid the fb flag is , this is still very disrespectful and in bad taste . 
  also monty python comedy sucks and is solely for neckbeards . 
  yeah , no . 
  fuck that . 
  like it or not , i do n't have respect for a woman that 's been passed around and my number in female terms would definitely fall into the `` passed around '' category . 
  life sucks , deal with it . 
  if one state accepts them , we all accept them . 
  here 's to suicide in the name of political correctness !, 
  the proposal, 
  none . 
  she makes more money than me . 
  even if she did n't , it 's not my place . 
  obviously , this story makes it on / r/news over the one of the father telling the media he wants to shed blood . 
  mmmm , yes , the narrative . 
  what 's the point ? 
  i want to get into an argument with you right now , but neither of us gain anything from it . 
  i patted the area dry with a fresh towel after each cleaning . 
  what do you suspect happened ? 
  why would the extra blood/ooze cause the skin recess ? 
  also , what do i do now ? 
  yes , i have been using eucerin . 
  it 's legit recessed into the skin . 
  like it is lower than my skin plane if that makes sense . 
  is it possible he went too deep ? 
  my hairdresser . 
  she lost the few extra pounds she had and went from a 6 to a solid 8 . 
  yes . 
  and it 's all between the same 8 teams so there is some fan fatigue . 
  so my dad died while i was young and an ex told me i deserved it . 
  i have never wanted to beat the shit out of a woman more in life . 
  took me a couple more months , but i was kind of a cuck back then , i believed in some kind of inherent good in all women . 
  oh man , / r/baltimore aka / r/aresef is on another anti-hogan circlejerk . 
  good move for hogan . 
  political correctness , and the increased acceptance of silencing any dissenting opinion . 
  shit , reddit is a perfect example . 
  extra dirty hendricks martini , straight up . 
  regular event ? 
  bourbon ginger . 
  you see what you are doing ? 
  you are expressing your dissenting opinion of the geopolitical climate of the country . 
  you can do that and no one is silencing you . 
  it 's becoming more and more common to just silence anyone we disagree with though . 
  it would suck if your comment just disappeared because it was offensive to someone , right ? 
  do you not read the news at all ? 
  just because you ordered the steak , does n't mean the fish no longer tastes good . 
  everyone looks . 
  your gf looks . 
  she 's just being an insecure bitch about it . 
  dirty hendricks martini , straight up , 4 olives . 
  the words of a president elected on feelings , not thoughts . 
  and when we start to think , rather than feel , letting in thousands of military aged men whose affiliations we do n't know starts to look like a really bad idea . 
  yeah . 
  i am supposed to be in paris in two weeks . 
  i feel like the climate there will still be tense , so not canceling , but going to a different destination . 
  muslims wo n't even take in refugees .
