  do you actually expect them to do * anything * ? 
  this is what happens when mustang drivers ca n't aim well ... : /, 
  yeah , a mild dose of lexapro . 
  no side effects . 
  it just helps curb workplace anxiety . 
  i work in a high pressure industry . 
  terrorist attack in paris , 170 dead . 
  i think there is a huge middle ground between `` conventionally attractive '' and `` giant neckbeard who makes you feel uncomfortable '' . 
  not wrong , just impossible to be reasoned with . 
  incapable of entertaining view different than his own , the veracity of which he is certain in . 
  follow the money . 
  hint : start with corn . 
  i 'd eat the peanuts out of her poop . 
  this is political . 
  what a michael cera looking cuck . 
  on a scale of 1-10 , how guilty do you feel for being white ? 
  i did , and you did n't answer . 
  on a scale of 1-10 . 
  how guilty do you feel for being white ? 
  why , because i want him to recognize his white privilege ? 
  so , like an 8 ? 
  so you do n't feel guilty for being white ? 
  when you let everyone in , you also let anyone in . 
  same . 
  glad it 's 2xp weekend though , this is fun !, 
  sluts are sluts , fuck them , pay them , move on . 
  your friend 's roommate is a prostitute . 
  at what point do black lives stop mattering ? 
  this does not fit the `` religion of peace '' narrative and will be deleted . 
  have a good day . 
  firestone walker !!!, 
  tl ; dr - do n't have kids if you do n't want to hate your life . 
  division i college football is the best thing left about higher education and academia in general . 
  the irony is overwhelming . 
  a crack dealer . 
  man , spreading the word of the lawd is tough business these days ... 
  now imagine the reaction if it was obama ... 
  same here . 
  you must support the narrative . 
  the narrative is love . 
  the narrative is life . 
  if someone had told me a couple of years ago that di college football would be the only good thing left about american academia , i 'd have told them to piss off . 
  this is exactly why soccer continues to suck . 
  dude , check your privilege , you 're encroaching on their safe space . 
  what did they do ? 
  you could n't pay me money to set foot in that cuck filled shithole . 
  i 'd rather vacation in auschwitz . 
  kill myself . 
  it 's a fight . 
  there is no `` fair '' . 
  this is not the movies . 
  i like being a man . 
  i would not like being a woman . 
  having been a man , i would rather be dead than be a woman . 
  oh sorry , i did not read the full op . 
  but i would still kill myself because i would rather be dead than a hermaphrodite . 
  the last of us, 
  spreading the word of the good lord jesus christ is bloody work . 
  i always find it interesting dealing with people from the city that never step foot outside of the city for anything besides shopping , schools , raising children , safety , outdoor space . 
  hard lining it on the first bicycle back to their gentrified fringes of the ghetto . 
  they always seem to be the most vocal against people in the county , but really know nothing more than what they read online or see on the city paper . 
  how can they form opinions without ever actually taking the time to look around and realize the glaring lack of responsibility shown in the city at all levels ? 
  what gets the most is the whole lack of personal responsibility thing . 
  everything is always someone else 's fault . 
  i was born and raised in this county , with not that much more than someone born in the city , so i know hard work and always wanting to be better is a huge part of success , however having to constantly bring up and support others who are unwilling to take any sort of responsibility for their failures will never break the cycle . 
  when you are young , the political mood of whatever you are surrounded by seems normal . 
  you are going to imitate your hipster peers not knowing if it 's good or bad . 
  how can you expect people who float through life hoping to make a living on etsy once they graduate mica to be successful model citizens who recognize things like fiscal responsibility , and education reform , and tax reform ? 
  you just have to wait for them to grow up first . 
  if they choose to forever be children , then by all means they deserve the consequences . 
  long story short , everyone wants these county residents to just shut up about `` things they do n't understand '' because they live in their `` suburban castles '' but 5 years , a marriage and a child down the road they find themselves in a comfortable cul de sac in towson , slowly realizing how much of an insufferable douchebag they were in their earlier years . 
  in order for anything to ever change we will actually people in shitty environments to step up and show the young ones there are different routes to take ... but sitting back and protesting and rioting and burning your city down and blaming everyone but yourself and not accepting any responsibility for what is clearly a cultural problem or perceiving everyone in the counties as some evil feudal royalty smiling down on the city from their suburban castles solves nothing . 
  because i like sticking my dick in fat and crazy . 
  does this circlejerk go to the left or to the right ? 
  my right arm is still tired from that bernie sanders 14 year old . 
  check out berne . 
  check out berne . 
  can we collectively agree that black lives no longer matter ? 
  i ca n't wait until the mods start banning anyone who disagrees them or aresef because `` carpetbagging '' . 
  `` if you disagree with my view of things , you do n't care about baltimore . '', 
  this is the cheapest they will be . 
  `` but she 's black and liberal , therefore we vote for her . '', 
  - baltimore, 
  he is friends with one of the mods , hence why the rules do n't apply to him and anyone that disagrees with him gets banned . 
  essentially the mods ' unofficial shitposter sans green text . 
  totes mcgotes not racist . 
  welcome to / r/baltimore . 
  why would anyone ever go to sweden willingly ? 
  you could n't pay me to step foot in that country . 
  it 's not about agreeing or not agreeing . 
  it 's about the mods ignoring blatant disregard for their own rules . 
  it 's a moderation double standard , and part of what makes this sub such an echochamber shithole . 
  trump is the only republican with an actual chance to get elected . 
  until the party gets its shit together and pulls away from social issues it will be a democratic sweep , year after year after year . 
  trust me , everyone wants fiscal responsibility , but not at the cost that comes with electing any of the other republican candidates . 
  paul was supposed to be it , but he fell by the wayside . 
  i 've seen it happen , 
  since when is jezebel considered a reputable journalistic entity ? 
  when the killer is a black dude who hates white people , we do n't even talk about the rules . 
  or did we forget about the guy shot a news reporter and fucking posted it on twitter .
