  - the mod team, 
  until brm phases out . 
  i think it should be like tournaments . 
  when you go into ranked , you go in with 3 decks . 
  and you and your opponent take turns and ban 2 out of your opponent 's 3 decks . 
  it 's all rng . 
  you can make it to legend with a f2p deck . 
  early heads up , if you stop thinking of it as a card game , and start thinking of it as roulette , you will have a lot more fun and save yourself a ton of anguish . 
  anything warrior . 
  just spend a lot of money on the game and then slam your face in the keyboard . 
  top 10 legend will be yours . 
  i refuse to play warrior on a moral standpoint . 
  wisp paladin the whole time : /, 
  the game is more rng than it has ever been . 
  it 's not you . 
  fuck that card . 
  i wish hearthstone cards had paper equivalents you could order so that i could order 10,000 reno jacksons to eternally wipe my ass with . 
  absolutely the worst card anyone came up with ever . 
  another shitty console that is required to play amazing games . 
  imagine if nintendo moved away from garbage hardware and exported it 's intellectual property to x1/ps4/pc ... 
  no one should be looking to europe for inspiration on anything ... 
  there is no way to do this without grommash , correct ? 
  warrior class deleted from the game . 
  all wotog cards removed with a sincere apology from blizzard . 
  new type of card - minions with spell taunt . 
  the fact that you think there is any skill in hearthstone is bad for hearthstone . 
  it 's 50 % matchup , 40 % draw , 10 % skill . 
  it 's rng . 
  it 's roulette , not poker . 
  play warrior , cheese every other deck in the game . 
  ez game , ez life . 
  everyone on this sub plays warrior . 
  prepare to get told you have no skill by dudes who end most games with 30 + armor , but think they are fully balanced . 
  bold prediction : fnatic - flusha, 
  a small minority have been saying this on reddit for years but get drowned in the lord gaben bullshit . 
  valve is a shitty company . 
  it 's what happens when you let neckbeards create their own work schedule . 
  they wheel their desks around and accomplish nothing . 
  oh man , i am glad steam machines and the steam controller were a thing . 
  those truly changed the face of gaming !, 
  truly revolutionary stuff ... 
  so stop running it like a lemonade stand and hire some manpower ? 
  hearthstone is roulette now . 
  think of it that way and do n't get salty . 
  roulette : wrath of the wheel, 
  it 's just not fun . 
  i 'm not angry about it , it just is n't fun . 
  why would i tryhard at roulette ? 
  oh wow wins with warriors ?!, 
  how did you manage it ? 
  cloud 9 needs to call you up right away . 
  you should start a podcast . 
  you are a true champion of the under-represented . 
  it 's the cool new thing to do among streamers . 
  who can create the most cancerous creation to unleash upon the masses of netdeckers . 
  control shaman , otk warrior , reno lock , reno anything , any warrior deck since wotog , they have all come out of this cycle of who can get more subs by outdicking other streamers . 
  i 'm on my 6th warrior in a roll , so yeah , it 's possible . 
  it 's an rng game bruh , get used to it . 
  how do you even have fun at that rank ? 
  it 's 80 % warriors . 
  fuck whispers . 
  i have never had less fun during an expansion , ever . 
  this is the first time since hearthstone has come out that i 've stopped playing . 
  just waiting on the next expansion at this point . 
  i really do n't care as long as warrior gets shat on so hard we do n't see it in competitive for a few years . 
  hopefully asap . 
  the meta is so stale at the moment , it hurts . 
  because above rank 10 , the ladder is 80 % + warriors . 
  and you have to play warrior too , or you lose . 
  so every game is garrosh vs. garrosh and lasts 30 fucking minutes . 
  i honestly prefer losing to facelocks on turn 6 . 
  less cards that have the word `` random '' in the description . 
  shit on at least 4 of the warrior archetypes . 
  or even better , just delete the class completely , and replace it with death knight . 
  more card effects . 
  spell taunt , bleed , guaranteed to be in mulligan , etc. 
  a wider variety than just taunt , enrage , battlecry and so on . 
  fiery win axe, 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  there are no new players . 
  just smurf/cheat accounts . 
  let 's do it . 
  really banking on some good anti-warrior cards so the time of garrosh vs. garrosh is finally over . 
  warrior player sighted . 
  you mean you do n't enjoy garroshtone anymore ? 
  the only people who would say control warrior is n't dominating the meta are control warriors . 
  welcome to garroshstone , 
  side note - just play renolock . 
  instant concede as soon as you reno . 
  there are two ways . 
  if you 're playing midrange hunter , just play on curve and win the game on turn 9 . 
  if you are not playing midrange hunter , just concede and save yourself the trouble . 
  warrior , because it 's blizzard 's pay to win powerhouse . 
  armor shredder - 10 mana 0/1 minion - shred all armor from your opponent . 
  do 1 damage for every 2 armor shredded . 
  haha well played dude . 
  in reality , we are playing craps . 
  the game is still random . 
  warriors can just bid on infinitely more things . 
  we all play warrior .
