  shahzam is cancer . 
  it was tested , not announced that it was used until after the fact . 
  i have this feeling that echo fox was just a pet project rick fox was doing to bond with his son . 
  i doubt the name and organization will exist once the current roster is disposed of . 
  the sensor is great , but it is very heavy , so take that into consideration . 
  selfless with the tease :p, 
  i want to see rebranded selfless logo foils so bad . 
  g2 on esea protected lan hahahahahahahaha, 
  loss to tyloo incoming . 
  neither of their other divisions have achieved anything notable . 
  do n't they always come out on tuesdays ? 
  this is stupid . 
  maybe you should kill him so he does n't have to kill himself . 
  they lost the second round pretty much entirely due to get_right . 
  update : they were n't prepared . 
  it 's the same at most ranks . 
  if you are playing mm , you are consenting to be cheated against . 
  esea or bust . 
  i had no idea esea was so underpopulated ... 
  whatever rank . 
  since they put it on the steam market , even novas are playing esea . 
  most games are two teams of one player and 4 bots each vsing each other . 
  because it does nothing ? 
  gosugamers is the cringiest name in existence ... 
  so an actor from 30 years ago is now a valid political commentator worthy of a headline ? 
  cool . 
  in tomorrow 's news - macaulay culkin thinks hillary clinton should be investigated . 
  as someone who has had the displeasure of meeting people that work at valve , you should not expect anything from them , and i seriously doubt whoever wrote that tweet even works there anymore . 
  describe a better way to describe gosugamers . 
  gamers . 
  if only they had added a `` kawaii xd '' to it , it would be perfect . 
  the deathadder is significantly heavier , correct ? 
  you seem to have the pro , what is the difference between the pro and the 403 ? 
  gambling is gone , which got rid of much of the game 's support . 
  discussion is severely moderated and curated . 
  the sub is all post-match threads and highlight clips . 
  what 's the point ? 
  either is a massive upgrade over the rival . 
  sk - i do n't see that happening . 
  nip - also unlikely . 
  vp - pasha and taz will probably retire together and get replaced by michu and szpero or whoever . 
  cloud 9 - what about - ska + shahzam ? 
  or - ska + rifler and make stewie the primary awp . 
  na'vi - possible , but i am not sure that zeus would want to go back . 
  i disagree with your g2/nv changes . 
  all the g2 players are attached at the cock , i do n't see a shift there . 
  also losing kenny from nv would not work well for net firepower , plus they are left without a dedicated awper . 
  i think the french shuffle will not be a 1:1 nv/g2 transfer though . 
  the cores will stay the same , it 's the fringes that will change . 
  g2 - smithzz + x6tenz or + to1nou, 
  envyus - happy + m1stou , if anything . 
  i think nv will try a tournament with the current setup first . 
  - smithzz + to1nou, 
  calling it now . 
  no , but it should be . 
  original ldlc , before they kicked shox . 
  that lineup worked . 
  the only change to it would have been kenny for smithzz . 
  system forced rank boost . 
  if you 're in sem , but dropping 30-40 kills every match , you get ranked up way faster . 
  it should not be hard to determine an average performance for rank and boost out people that greatly exceed that average . 
  the whole point is to distinguish between a new player and an experienced player on a new account , and that is something that i think can be done reliably well automatically . 
  a new account with 75 hours will not be top fragging in their games . 
  the cs fundamentals do n't work that way . 
  so yeah , i am not saying throw people to an arbitrary rank , however boosting the rank up rate even further is a good solution to a largely ignored problem . 
  stop hacking . 
  then why even have conference championships ? 
  the real question is why the fuck is the playoff 4 teams instead of 8 ? 
  you 're forgetting the amount of ohio state dick that gets sucked by all college football institutions . 
  they are the cowboys of college football . 
  if that 's who won , then yes , this would be the most correct way to go . 
  if you 're going to pay for a service , why would you pick faceit over esea ... ? 
  oh so thats why you play faceit . 
  makes sense now . 
  i am sure you are one of the 0.000001 % false positive vac bans though . 
  he is past his prime . 
  retirement incoming . 
  i can see myself sucking a dick in the near future for a stat trak cyrex and m4a4 . 
  edit : also a famas , why the fuck not . 
  i 'm down there anyway . 
  valve is a shit company . 
  they do n't even work much really , it 's ~ 300 friends who make millions to hang out and do fuck all . 
  it 's like every 12 year old 's dream company . 
  but they are having fun !, 
  fuck guys fun is important !!, 
  this is not a job . 
  it 's not like they are getting paid for this . 
  i am experiencing a crippling bout of fear of impending doom . 
  i find myself wishing something bad would happen to me , so that i do n't have to fear something bad happening to me anymore . 
  i hate the corporate world . 
  obviously an amazing experience , but in my opinion it was not the masterpiece that bloodborne was . 
  it felt comfortable . 
  been there , did that . 
  it was the member berries of the souls series . 
  bloodborne 2 please . 
  fuck off with that attitude . 
  make a buck ? 
  they make like $ 186 million off a game they put zero effort into ... 
  no god dammit . 
  stop asking .
