  what is market currently ? 
  ca n't afford it , just came here to say this thing is beyond beautiful . 
  have an upvote and good luck in the trade !, 
  awesome way to cover up that ass corner in the screenshot , 
  i too offer shit prices for high interest items , hit me up . 
  pretty much none of the things you are offering are in your inv . 
  really ? 
  where else could i possibly get this amazing deal ? 
  should i go fast too ? ) ) ) ) ), 
  yes . 
  i have les either or on the enemy team every game . 
  gamma all the way . 
  if only they were n't so unspeakably expensive . 
  why do valve want to find a solution to cheaters in mm ? 
  i was waiting for this to pop up . 
  and the best part is the guy has a sick gamma doppler ... 
  and yet he has a howl and a gamma doppler ... 
  but i have nice skins too ? 
  i just find it ironic ... 
  i do n't go to parties with french canadians , private profiles or russians , so yeah , i 'm pretty fun . 
  man , how hard did you get triggered today ... ? 
  your corner is ass . 
  yeah , because none of the posts are bots on auto bump , amirite ? 
  enough to buy a generic m9 marble . 
  i sent an offer for my karambit + adds for your m9 . 
  it 's a 0.01 flawless corner freehand - http://s.metjm.net/q5xmsfj.jpg, 
  add me as c/o if you want . 
  is this a joke ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  trading from anything to 2 is costly . 
  anything else is just based on floats and etc. 
  how the hell has this been up for three hours ? 
  are the mods all asleep ? 
  does not thoust respecteth rule 7th ?!, 
  nylon < 3 < 3 < 3 < 3, 
  she needs to upgrade to at least a dmg level pro player ... 
  dmg hell is real . 
  took me a 14 win streak to finally get out . 
  new m4a4 is just ear rape . 
  made me switch to the 1s . 
  p3 is a shit phase . 
  aldo depends on your corner . 
  the corner is great but you 're still like 15-20 keys over ... 
  there is no profit anymore . 
  troll trade bots , or buy karanillas at 66 and sell at 67 . 
  loungers downvote every new post , its not you . 
  one with a way better corner than yours literally just sold for 151 ... 
  the removal of gambling killed trading for the most part . 
  sent, 
  sent for m9 marble . 
  i love how the topic is about how you 've made profit through * trading * and most posts are about gambling ... 
  it 's easier to hold angles than to peek angles . 
  by hit , i am assuming get them in the hit circle right ? 
  i can do about 10 and then i start missing shots to the side , aka , i 'm lost at that point . 
  correct , but say i am holding default on mirage a and i know i am getting pushed ramp , if i fall back i give them the opportunity to come out . 
  at which point i have to peek them rather than the other way around , right ? 
  i wonder if it would be possible to tie vac bans to the serial key of the os . 
  get vac banned once , need a new copy of windows . 
  you do n't need to remove all cheaters though . 
  if you find a way to take out the tweens who bought an account and downloaded a public cheat on sites that shall not be named , you 've effectively eliminated the vast majority of mm cheaters . 
  edit : point being , i do n't see teen rage hackers building a linux system just to hack in mm . 
  i am a guy and just got catfished by a fat chick on tinder . 
  will you help me get out of my situation ? 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  just look at dota . 
  us east is a perpetual trashy cinco de mayo party . 
  went from a bunch of middle aged guys with a dream and a vision , to a bunch of old millionaires with a neverending greed and a knack for extracting pennies from customers . 
  there is a fine like . 
  hardbodies are great , but actual female bodybuilders are lost on me . 
  with a hard dick ? 
  what kind of a question is this ... ? 
  make sure she does n't take all his money and possessions on her way out . 
  onions are down really hard right now . 
  i would recommend waiting . 
  the cyan color ? 
  cheating in cs : go does n't exist . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i have 18 ge accounts , have been playing for 9 years and am a mod of / r/globaloffensive and i have never seen a hacker in mm . 
  i dunno why but esea is a disaster this month . 
  i am getting matched against 3-4 a + players every game . 
  steam is pretty fucked all around at the moment . 
  edgy 16 year olds ? 
  it will just be 4 man groups of necromancers running the same shit over and over ... 
  that could be a reason why india is on full load and inventories have been delayed for like 2 days ... 
  this shit ought to be stickied . 
  i doubt she even remembers your name dude . 
  on a serious note , do n't ever break hearts that do n't deserve to be broken . 
  my looks are like a strong 7 , but my personality is like a weak 3 . 
  i accept that . 
  i am what life has made me , and that is exactly what i am meant to be . 
  if i was meant to be something different , i would have turned out that way . 
  if she 's not laughing , its going poorly . 
  graceful exit , stage left . 
  the end always justifies the means . 
  cs has always been on the lighter spectrum of nerd . 
  1.6 came out when i was in middle school and everyone was playing it , especially the ` cool ' kids . 
  it was much better than playing warcraft or everquest or some shit like that . 
  man look at all these facts that the op cited . 
  there are no opinions here at all . 
  i too was molested by sandusky .
