  fucking love it . 
  like 2/3rds of girls i 've dated have been 5 ' 1 '' or below . 
  it 's the greatest . 
  `` lol '' - all of maryland, 
  man , this narrative train is going full speed . 
  how the fuck does this subreddit even exist anymore ? 
  i am a sucker for a broken wing that i think i can fix . 
  hint : i ca n't fix it . 
  just came out here to say , i did n't like him in the first place . 
  i had a cheesesteak . 
  i should n't have had a cheesesteak . 
  i am sad and ashamed . 
  move the fuck out of california ? 
  sounds like we need another world war then . 
  time to blow all our competition back to the pre-industrial era . 
  you ca n't expect life to hand everything to you exactly where you want it . 
  especially when most people want it somewhere in california . 
  talk shit about the boonies all you want , but people there own houses and have jobs . 
  chicago lives do n't matter . 
  we do n't know that alhadeed . 
  / r/europe mods never write back . 
  it 's a pro-german shithouse propaganda machine . 
  good , stay there , 
  wait , what ? 
  did my gun get out of the safe again ? 
  that thing is always running around killing people and shit . 
  suck a dick and die . 
  how about the dozen thousand comments on the original thread foaming at the initial report that it was three white males . 
  as soon as it turned out to be a colored human the narrative changed . 
  it 's all about the narrative . 
  for real though , what is it about the german people that they get the desire to fuck the entirety of europe over roughly about every 50 years ? 
  trump continues to sound like the best thing that could happen to the u.s. 
  that 's stupid . 
  of course she is still girlfriend material . 
  i take it as `` she liked me enough to have sex with me '' not as `` she must be a slut '' . 
  it is the acc championship between clemson university and the university of north carolina . 
  we are both clemson alumni . 
  what bar is yours ? 
  we will stop by one night regardless . 
  it 's a classic local event that people with jobs bring their families out to in order to welcome winter and celebrate the holiday spirit , so yes , it 's very likely to be interrupted . 
  it does n't fit the local narrative . 
  time for the narrative feel train , all pussies aboard !, 
  reddit got bought by the left a long time ago . 
  now it 's just a social media narrative machine . 
  remember when reddit was jerking each other off about it being white right wing extremists ? 
  yeah , fuck y' all . 
  i own guns , some for protection , some for hunting . 
  the guns i use for protection have never killed anyone . 
  the guns i use for hunting have killed plenty an animal that found its way to my table . 
  the fear of guns is , in my personal opinion , a sign of mental retardation , not in the medical sense but in the inability to connect cause and effect . 
  the mind tries to fill a void which should be full of blame for a person , with anything else that can be blamed , in this case the gun . 
  in other cases it 's video games , the environment , the culture , anything but blaming the person . 
  it 's a theme that i find prevalent in left wing philosophy - never blame the person . 
  the person is never at fault . 
  it 's always something else . 
  personal accountability does not exist in that vocabulary . 
  guns are simply a tool . 
  they are no different than a hammer , an axe or a shovel . 
  they are made for a purpose . 
  if i were to kill someone with a hammer , no one would go after hammers , they would blame me . 
  it 's for some strange reason that when this particular tool is involved , the focus shifts to the tool rather than the person . 
  lastly , the right to life and defending one 's life is the most unalienable right of all . 
  i have a house , a family , animals that depend on my care . 
  all these are things that look to me for protection . 
  in the soft urban world we have created , protection is seen as barbaric , something we should not need . 
  however the facts remain that there are many evil people out there who would take any opportunity to harm others . 
  as a personal victim of crime , i know that very well . 
  these people will not stop at gun legislation . 
  they will have weapons regardless . 
  gun legislation would not take away their pistol . 
  it would take away mine . 
  well he 's dead , so there 's that . 
  a woman in her early twenties attracted to older men ? 
  stop the presses !, 
  good luck with that . 
  highly competitive multiplayer stuff . 
  story driven single player stuff . 
  bvlgari aqua , all three versions . 
  good . 
  just like all modern psychologies , it is an entirely , outrageously made up construct which has roots in reality that have since grown a giant tree of bullshit . 
  11 stabs , one for each time the community failed him , clearly . 
  something , something , spreading the word of the lawd . 
  it 's real estate off season . 
  your house is in a shithole . 
  people do n't want live in and especially , own , in the city . 
  the media wo n't cover it because it does n't support their narrative of outside caused problem rather than a cultural problem . 
  in-passionately speaking , letting baltimore collapse is the best thing that could happen to it in long term . 
  i am talking 100 + years long term . 
  it 's a city in dire straits that needs to either be cleansed , or to collapse . 
  the general populace and leadership do not have the mettle , drive or vision to cleanse it , so we continue on the slow path to collapse , but if you 're like me , you do it with the hope that from that collapse will one day come out a better city . 
  the baltimore justice system is a joke . 
  perfect example , the man who broke into my house some months ago , his third offense of this kind in as many years ( that he 's been caught for ) , had all his felony charges dropped and is facing less than a year in jail . 
  there is no deterrent to crime . 
  we live in a `` slap of the wrist '' city . 
  sure , the three , four gentrified , mostly white communities will keep the city afloat . 
  for now . 
  until the next riots burn down fells point , or canton . 
  and then their sips of pbr at claddagh in between grumbles of `` institutionalized racism '' and `` community neglect '' wo n't taste as good anymore . 
  then they will move out too , just like their friends who got married and had a baby and decided it was time to grow up and move to the counties . 
  then baltimore will be left with , well , nothing .
