  the damage is fine . 
  the deploy rate and kill reward need to be boosted . 
  good luck getting valve to work on pistols though lol . 
  you 're not ready . 
  i get married next week !, 
  i am worried i wo n't fit in my tux ... 
  someone kill this bot . 
  metalcore is too growly for me , but decent album . 
  post-hardcore is where it 's at though . 
  spend as much time with her as you can . 
  i knew my dog was dying and was going to have to get put down , and i delayed going to see her . 
  she died overnight , and i ca n't shake the thought that she was trying to hold on to see me one more time but just could n't . 
  that was my dog , i picked her , i raised her and then i let her down . 
  tl ; dr - spend time with your dog . 
  - i 'm not crying , you 're crying . 
  there is a dude that does at my gym on the regular , and i want to tell him about it , but he 's otherwise a really cool and friendly dude ... 
  this is just good life advice in general right here . 
  and here i thought it was low body fat on a genetically perfect body enhanced by anavar , and fake boobs . 
  oh and a bedazzled bikini . 
  valve does n't hire anyone . 
  that 's another bullshit class based shooter , which is the hot new thing right now . 
  companies keep trying to combine mobas and shooters as if that is the magical combination that will revolutionize the genre , but they fail to realize that it 's terrible from a spectator perspective . 
  cs is fun to watch because its as 1v1 as competitive team shooters can be . 
  the other guy won because he is faster and better , not because his rock class breaks my scissors class . 
  i hate the way she squeezes the toothpaste in the middle . 
  makes me question our whole relationship . 
  i am on the gen x/millenial intersectional period , but feel like i fall in way more with gen x than the latter , so i hope its okay to answer . 
  i am no longer dating but from the experience of my peers that i see dating , tinder has turned 5s and 6s into celebrities . 
  instagram has turned 7 + girls into * actual * celebrities . 
  even mediocre chicks are getting desperate dick thrown at them from every angle . 
  what used to be about two people making a connection is now a constant competition where you have to continuously be the dick on top , and if you 're not cutting it , she 's got a dozen other dicks to turn to in a split second . 
  i personally find competition to that degree unhealthy for long term relationships . 
  as far as dating attractive girls , the stakes are much higher . 
  you ca n't just get by on personality anymore . 
  everyone has that . 
  you have to look good , be well off , have good future prospects , etc. 
  and when it comes to dating really attractive girls , really nothing has changed , it 's the same as it always has been , just exasperated even further . 
  you * have * to be rich . 
  if you 're not , you may get in her for a night , but there is a guy with a benz on her instagram dms who wants to take her to aruba that will win out eventually . 
  i know multiple girls in their 20s who classify as 9s and 10s , and for the most part they are dating ultra successful men in their 30s . 
  that attractiveness group is largely not even available to most guys in their 20s , so it 's often not even worth trying . 
  ironically enough , where i 've seen the most success in dating is when guys completely stop trying to date altogether . 
  the game is just too stacked against you . 
  i did n't find success until i completely stopped trying and just started caring about my own shit instead . 
  same for a number of my peers . 
  that 's the other thing . 
  trying is no longer seen as attractive . 
  to be the guy that wins out in a girl 's sea of dicks , you have to be the guy that cares about her the least . 
  because in a sea of dicks telling her how great she is , the only one not trying to sniff her farts is the one she gets curious about . 
  i personally hate that and was what turned me off the game the most . 
  how do you set these up ? 
  also is it you and an so or two girls from tinder ... ? 
  right , but is it your tinder account or her tinder account ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  as soon as y' all would have been done fucking , she would have felt bad , and you would have been the bad guy . 
  good man for backing out of that situation . 
  i mean there 's only one way to find out . 
  what hellhole are you vacationing in that you cant find a gym ? 
  srs ? 
  why ? 
  age ? 
  on gear ? 
  we need more info men . 
  nah bro , something is wrong there . 
  at 19 you should be popping boners on an hourly basis . 
  are you unable to get it to work just when you two are getting down to business , or all the time ? 
  can you get it up by yourself ? 
  it sounds like you have a low t issue my man . 
  it 's made worse by the fact that you 're stressing yourself out about not being able to get it up which makes it even harder to get it up . 
  go to a doctors and request a full blood panel . 
  no one should be forced to live without boners . 
  yeah , cause overwatch and r6 hitboxes have no randomness to them at all ... ... 
  as an american , what would i do without b rate foreign comedians to tell me where my political belief system should lie ? 
  she 's fat . 
  4 ' 11 '' is where it 's at bro . 
  just pick them up and curl them on your dick . 
  sex gains and arm gains all in one . 
  big week brahs . 
  get married on saturday . 
  head to the caribbean for some honeymoon action . 
  my future wife 's booty is looking more and more like a juicy glazed ham everyday . 
  just got ta get through busy week at work and it 's smooth sailing !, 
  grand cayman . 
  we got full trip insurance in the case of storms or hurricanes . 
  which tropical storm should i be watching out for ? 
  it lacks depth to me for some reason . 
  maybe it 's just the lighting . 
  nice boobs though . 
  i 'm alright with it honestly . 
  talk shit , get hit . 
  just drink your pwo earlier . 
  also , what pwo are you taking ? 
  only 190 calories ? 
  dude , live your life . 
  you go fuck that donut right now . 
  i do n't necessarily care about matching , but i have to achieve the weight i am going for in the least amount of plates necessary . 
  so even though it 's easier to just add another 10lb to the 35lb , i will take the 35lb off completely and add another 45 . 
  testosterone in the west has been on a sharp decline for decades . 
  this is nothing new . 
  it 's nothing to worry about for another generation or so .
