  pre-steam , you really should n't have gone to esea until le . 
  however now that esea is on steam and they are getting more and more users due to how bad mm is , i would hope that they are able to create brackets that you must skill yourself out of . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't going to do it , i am saying they are going to do it and it 's going to suck . 
  just hack for a bit . 
  you wo n't get banned , you win some games , get your confidence back . 
  faceit is esea for poor people . 
  you are getting hacked against pretty much every game . 
  faceit anti cheat makes vac look like state of the art software . 
  just because you do n't see them , does n't mean they are n't there . 
  faceit is n't mm style spinbots and blatant walls . 
  it 's people using locks and the such to gain information . 
  it 's hard to detect . 
  because people hack on faceit to win the various rewards faceit offers to players . 
  esea anti-cheat is the best in existence . 
  it comes at a price though . 
  no other anti cheat digs as deep into your computer memory and processes . 
  it 's 100 % worth it . 
  i would send valve a copy of my license , passport , social security card and internet browser history for an esea like anti-cheat in mm . 
  it was a one time thing like two years ago done by an employee who has long been fired . 
  esea is the industry standard and is perfectly clean . 
  the fact that it made it to the official steam market a vote of confidence that the client is not doing anything malicious . 
  valve is a shitty company that just happens to have a virtual monopoly on game distribution . 
  since when is this news ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  half your team cheats . 
  the other half is the typical huehuehue we 've come to expect from anyone that has ever played a f2p game . 
  no bans will happen from this point forward . 
  the damage to the scene from the revelation that all the last few majors were won through cheats would shatter the scene . 
  in a way , subroza is kind of a back handed statement by clg that hacking is the new normal . 
  you will be banned from this sub and your post deleted . 
  according to the mods , no one hacks in cs : go . 
  hack for a bit . 
  you will win games , feel great , win items . 
  no downside , to you at least . 
  rule 7 is just a blanket excuse to delete any discussion of cheating on the sub . 
  he did n't choose to step down to focus on personal reasons , he was benched to focus on personal reasons . 
  the difference is notable and should be noted . 
  zowie or gtfo :p, 
  rule 7 , hackers do n't exist . 
  i know m4a4 is statistically better after the updates , but i ca n't use it after the sound update . 
  the sound is so jarring ... 
  if only it had imessage , 
  there is no way any of this leads to anything actually happening . 
  the system is broken . 
  the left are the bad guys . 
  they have all the power . 
  and are invincible . 
  yeah , you are . 
  yeah . 
  ew , canadians everywhere . 
  ew , canadians everywhere . 
  rule 7 , hackers dont exist . 
  faceit is esea for poor people . 
  can i get an eli5 on who patty crawford is and why she is important ? 
  first off vac is not a cheat detecting system it 's a revenue generating system . 
  there are relatively easy and minor changes that could result in far more bans . 
  improving the game experience does n't make valve money though . 
  forcing a ban wave every few months and selling cs go keys is what makes valve money . 
  rule 7 , no one hacks in cs : go . 
  11,000 people got banned , and immediately hopped on new accounts and started ranking them up . 
  it 's a shitshow . 
  deranked from dmg to mg2 . 
  someone drops a 40 bomb every game . 
  some dude got 48 kills with less than 10 deaths last night . 
  cheat got updated like the next day . 
  they did n't have to wait long . 
  so essentially , no one got banned lul, 
  does n't matter . 
  it could be a pea shooter and i 'd still use it over the m4a4 because the a4 is just trying to kill my eardrums . 
  glad i do n't have a howl anymore ... 
  valve should set the bottom price of a skin to $ 2.49, 
  no more $ 0.05 skins . 
  you never ` lose ' value by opening a case . 
  rule 7 , no one hacks in cs : go . 
  here is the rug , now sweep your video under it . 
  it sounds terrible , but we really need another big war ... 
  not just us , the world as a whole . 
  member 90s valve ? 
  member left 4 dead ? 
  member no microtransactions everywhere ? 
  member when valve actually made games rather than use them as a cash cow to fund shitty vr projects ? 
  i member . 
  honestly , ea is a saint when compared to valve in the last 5 years or so . 
  you do n't have to spend a dime to get any cosmetic items in overwatch ... 
  it 's not up to thorin though . 
  it will never happen . 
  it 's over . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  cheating does n't exist in cs : go . 
  just ask the mods . 
  1 month . 
  i get that he knows how to place the wallbang , but when you wallbang something like that you scope and shoot . 
  why did he wait for a bit until the dude 's head was aligned ? 
  it 's not dying , it 's normalizing . 
  the popularity was inflated due to skin gambling . 
  fuck off back to faceit . 
  we pay to play the game seriously , if you do n't want to no one is facing you . 
  also , cringy ? 
  14 year old confirmed . 
  faceit anti cheat makes vac look like esea .
