  do n't hate the player , hate the game . 
  aka , the politicians and lobbyists who created a broken system for themselves to exploit . 
  why is body dysphoria when it comes to gender totally kosher and protected , but dysphoria when it comes to body type and musculature is massively frowned upon ? 
  a biological female can decide one day she is a man on the inside and go to a completely legitimate clinic and get pharmaceutical grade testosterone from a safe lab and we call him a hero . 
  but if i want to increase the level of a hormone * that my body already produces * , i have to risk going to prison and injecting myself with something that probably came from a basement in india and has no guarantee to contain the product i am actually seeking . 
  tl ; dr - why is one condition prioritized over the other ? 
  i too feel uncomfortable in the body that i was born in , and i too want to be able to live my life as what i identify as , in this case , a fucking minotaur . 
  partially correct . 
  i was really asking a question that i already know the answer to . 
  there is a massive supplement lobby that has a multi billion dollar vested interest in keeping steroids on the taboo shitlist . 
  you ca n't sell fat kids nutrabolic andro 9001 for 59.99 per 30 servings if they knew every one of your instagram models is running blast and cruise cycles of a cocktail that would make a chemist jizz himself . 
  but it 's cool , because you named it to sound like a steroids , so it 's totally not a snake oil that is created for you by a wholesale lab with your label slapped on it . 
  the fitness industry is huge . 
  and it solely exists on the fact that you can pass roided models for natural . 
  that 's it . 
  this is an interesting subreddit that i never knew existed . 
  it 's pretty much / r/coontown but okay because it 's white people . 
  does anyone not ? 
  fish oil is beneficial , but it 's far more efficient to get it in supplement form . 
  you 're fine . 
  yes, 
  not cocaine , but trying \u2122, 
  you may want to , it 's good for general health . 
  whey . 
  unfortunately no . 
  when you are finding a fish oil you want it to be labeled `` enteric coated '' . 
  that way , it wo n't dissolve too early in your system and give you that nasty fish breath . 
  egb is a money gambling site and is legal anywhere other than the us . 
  there is more to food than macros . 
  shitty food may hit your macros but it has more preservatives and the micro-nutrients are n't always in place . 
  it also often is too high in salt . 
  i personally do n't count cooking oil , assuming much of it cooks away . 
  even if it does n't it should n't be a material change on your caloric intake . 
  musclepharm 's assault is great at under 200 i believe . 
  if you can go over 200 , there is nothing on the market right now that is better than pre-jym . 
  ** - unless you 're okay taking dmaa , in which case , take a dmaa pre-workout . 
   not a health risk if you are n't obese with hypertension or a related heart issue fyi . 
  did n't say it was a health risk . 
  it just increases water weight , so if you 're trying to stay lean , salt is something you should keep in mind . 
   it does n't cook away , if it 's disappearing in the pan it 's because the food absorbed the oil . 
  yes , you absolutely should be counting oil calories . 
  it 's some of the most calorie dense stuff you put in your mouth . 
  just one tablespoon of olive oil is over 100 calories . 
  agreed , i guess i answered from a too personal perspective . 
  in my tdee , the dash of olive oil i use to cook my green beans is not a material effect on my caloric intake , so i just ignore it . 
  if i am eating tablespoons of olive oil , sure , i 'd count it . 
  i want to not be natty for 15 weeks , but i 'm definitely above 15 % body fat . 
  probably 19-20 % . 
  worth ? 
  try quest , they are my go to . 
  awesome flavors and very little sugar . 
  do you mean non-caffeine preworkout ? 
  preworkouts are stimulants by nature . 
  weigh it on a food scale to find how many ounces you are eating and multiply that by the amount of calories per ounce of whatever you 're cooking . 
  dmaa is n't really that bad , all that was hype . 
  jym is the best because it 's not underdosed . 
  everything in it is a functioning dose . 
  it 's very high in caffeine though so keep that in mind . 
  yeah , they are a candy bar . 
  you will like quest . 
  try the blueberry muffin flavor , it 's nuts . 
  i was doing some deadlifts yesterday . 
  i did two warm up sets , then 315x5 twice , however i got bored so instead of a 315 set to failure to finish , i did 365x3 , followed by 405x3 . 
  theoretically speaking , would it have been better to stick to the third standard set ? 
  volume over weight , etc. 
  right , but it 's a subreddit intended to expose and ridicule white trash . 
  / r/coontown was a subreddit intended to expose and ridicule black trash . 
  / r/coontown no longer exists . 
  therefore , bias . 
  still , it focuses on a particular race , which is by definition , racist . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  all the people you are ridiculing here belong to the same race . 
  therefore , your sub is racist . 
  i do n't give shit , i 'm just pointing out the obvious . 
  agree to disagree guy , 
  is it okay to say that stan killed the us scene now ? 
  the players on those teams do n't really have huge personal brands like na pros . 
  good . 
  fuck red eagle . 
  shit , i set the 100s down gently . 
  is that a bad idea ? 
  i want to start a cycle , however i believe i would need to travel for a week during it . 
  i will be traveling outside of the us , so taking oil and finding syringes abroad is unlikely . 
  what can i do for that week ? 
  what are possible interactions to look into with vyvanse and lexapro before starting a cycle ? 
  my vyvanse is the lowest dose possible , so it does n't have a huge effect on my blood pressure . 
  i 'm also doing a low dose cycle so not too worried . 
  as far as pct , i was going to do nolva . 
  i will research interactions , but if you have any info it would be appreciated . 
  the shitty thing about that is that 99 % of those celebrities on instagram are on a solid blast and cruise cycle and use their `` natural '' physiques to sell snake oil to kids hoping to one day look like them ... 
  serial question , why do all numale cucks look identical ? 
  a third of mm prime games have a hacker in them . 
  if you are playing mm , and not hacking yourself , you are asking for it . 
  stop being poor and buy esea . 
  i do n't really care much for either team , but what happened to that hardware anti-cheat for lans that esea was rolling out a while back ? 
  they will be back tomorrow on brand new accounts , do n't worry . 
  it 's summer sale time . 
  it 's time for you to stop being poor and buy esea . 
  valve gave up on mm the second they put esea on the steam store . 
  you should give up on it also .
