  nafta and the proposed ttp are the biggest examples that come to mind . 
  every country to some degree works to protect it 's economy , except for the us , due to back handed political deals . 
  i hope we see some sort of return to protectionist policies in the next four years . 
  it 's been growing a ton , but not for the right people . 
  the everyday middle class american worker is unaffected by the daily ebbs and flows of the dow . 
  the everyday middle class american worker is affected by whether he has a job or not . 
  the people drowning under the premiums of obamacare do n't have the time for that . 
  they wo n't make it that far . 
  you get the people out of the sinking ship first , then you fix the leaks . 
  you do n't fix the leaks while they are still on it . 
  of course , many of them are gone for good . 
  but we do n't have to kill all those jobs . 
  here is an example . 
  right now , you can raise chickens in the usa , then ship them to china to process them and then back to the usa , because it will be cheaper . 
  in my head i envision a policy where yeah , you can do that , but we 're going to tax your chicken on the way out and then again on the way in . 
  we wo n't let you put american meat packers out of a job because you can get people in china to do it for pennies on the dollar . 
  that is what i classify as protectionism and would like to see . 
  i guess we just see things differently friend . 
  uncontrolled immigration and shoddy economic globalism are much bigger issues to me than climate change and the supposed setback everyone is claiming trump is going to be . 
  i understand your concern and willingly dismiss it . 
  okay , so we have come to the impasse that it 's a very , very complicated issue to solve . 
  i 'm sure there are a couple of hundred people , way smarter than you and i that are working on figuring out how to get the people off the boat without drowning them . 
  i remain hopeful for the future . 
  i am not ready , nor willing , to hop on the `` everything is fucked '' train . 
  nothing , it 's just salt . 
  choosing not to vote is an vote in and of itself , and your right as an american citizen . 
  i did take into account the safety of my fellow american . 
  i think i voted for the candidate that avoided an all out war in the east , and who will work against uncurbed immigration from the middle east that is bound to result in incidents that put my fellow american and his western values at risk . 
  the reaction was pretty extreme when obama got elected too , sans the riots . 
  overall , things turned out somewhat alright . 
  could be better , but we 're still here . 
  relax . 
  you will be fine . 
  by building an even bigger wall , obviously . 
  i do n't think we will make it to where climate change has these kinds of drastic effects on everyday life . 
  the current trend that i see shows a separatist group in the middle east obtaining and using a nuclear weapon way before that becomes reality . 
  again , different people , different priorities . 
  i do n't think these fellow americans will be persecuted for any of those attributes , and if they are , i plan to be 110 % against that on all fronts . 
  trump began his career at a very high point in american economy . 
  he has been in a position to observe the changes in the american economy that have brought it to the level it is at today . 
  i am confident he has the understanding of economic currents that is necessary to work towards reversing some of those changes . 
  you 're right we ca n't afford to for him to be wrong , and i too hope he can fix it . 
  let 's give him a shot before we crucify him over it . 
  if he fucks up , we can come back to this thread and agree on it . 
  i do n't think it can ever be great for everyone , but making it suck for everyone does n't work either . 
  i think we can make an effort to making it great for the biggest percentage of people that we can . 
  this is media cherry picking of stories without any sort of back up for reality . 
  there are equally shocking stories that i can cherry pick for the other side , like the old guy that got assaulted this morning . 
  relax . 
  the right wing police is not coming to electrocute you . 
  i sincerely hope your job is not jeopardized in any way whatsoever by a trump presidency . 
  to my understanding , the desire to pass right to work laws is reactionary to the education system being crippled by teacher 's unions in many states . 
  however , i do not understand it enough to comment or pick a side . 
  i personally think much of the fanfare about the fada is overblown , however i am open to talking about it and your concerns over it . 
  you cherry picked anecdotal examples . 
  i can do that too . 
  the old man who was beaten by a group this morning on video for being a trump voter . 
  is that an indication that trump being elected has validated the views of african americans that all whites are racist ? 
  you 're reaching , and i disagree with you , respectfully . 
   you 're choosing to prioritize the present at that expense of the future . 
  yes , i am . 
  i live in the present . 
  i do n't care for the future if the present kills me tomorrow . 
   if we do n't take action with climate change now , it will be impossible to fix, 
  it could already be impossible to fix . 
  we 're just different people guy . 
  if i am diagnosed with terminal cancer , i want to make my last years as comfortable as possible . 
  i do n't want to experience suffering in the hope that something may cure me . 
  depends on his platform . 
  he has great experience with leveraging economic and financial positions for a big business and i hope he can use that experience to leverage economic and financial positions for a whole country . 
  again , i remain optimistic about his economical outlooks , but only time will tell . 
   and it 's scary and weird to have a pres-elect that condones that . 
  and i think that is an incorrect view and it 's you projecting your personal beliefs , and the beliefs that the media projected on to you , on to him . 
  trump has supporters among all creeds and demographics . 
  i think once the initial hysteria has passed , we will all be fine . 
  we can agree on one thing , we both want to fix the present , for the future . 
  i just think there are more pressing things to fix in the present that have a chance of ruining the present way before the holocene extinction becomes a reality . 
  either way , i am glad we were able to have a discussion about it . 
  i understand you viewpoint . 
  i respect it . 
  democrats still have enough of a presence to filibuster anything they wildly oppose . 
  i attribute it to a number of factors all coming together to create a perfect identity politics shitstorm . 
  a ) comedian politics - i do n't think there is a term for this , so i just made one up . 
  somehow over the course of the last decade , comedians have become respected political commentators ( ??? ) . 
  since this is something that has only been effectively employed by the left it has lead to a huge indoctrination of identity politics into young viewers who make up the majority of the viewer base of these shows and people . 
  b ) the educations system and brazenly liberal professors have been instilling identity politics into students at colleges and universities for a long time and a whole generation of unique snowflakes just entered the real world . 
  they realized that once they left the dorm , they are no longer that special and are out to show how special they think they are . 
  c ) identity politics became a staple in the democratic platform with obama . 
  the first time he got elected , him being black helped out massively . 
  they learned that there is a huge portion of far left voters that they can garner through appealing to their identity . 
  they had that in full swing this year . 
  then no . 
  i refuse to buy into your fatalistic view of the election and it 's results . 
  you will be fine . 
  it 's too early to tell . 
  either way , i do n't think we will see either party return 4 years from now in it 's current iteration . 
  you lost me at lgbtqia . 
  i never said it 's not a complicated issue . 
  i said that it 's an issue that needs to be recognized and addressed so that it 's effects can be diminished . 
  economic reasons stated elsewhere in this thread .
