  that corner is total ass . 
  sent , please accept . 
  no screens of the corner or anything ? 
  i 'd give you 161 , i do n't care about the float . 
  sent b/o for m9, 
  omg the kids . 
  the kidsssssss, 
  this post is garbage and is trying to take away my entertainment for the sake of someone else 's shitty vaginal discharge . 
  damn what do people do with all these ? 
  sent 290 for the howl , c/o me, 
  ha , no . 
  what do you mean ? 
  is it high or low ? 
  the only other one i 've seen on sale recently was for 195k and its better than mine . 
  sorry , i fixed it . 
  sorry , i actually just unboxed it , so it 's not trade eligible yet . 
  yeah :(, 
  i closed the trade for now , sorry for wasting everyone 's time . 
  yeah , feel free to keep me added . 
  currently selling this for 190k if you are interested . 
  i have a 0.08 one for sale for 290k , if you are interested . 
  they are being hoarded by gambling site admins , hence the decrease in supply . 
  i can only think of one kara sapphire that 's been on sale recently for example . 
  i think that 's the same guy over and over , no ? 
  7,000,000 maybe, 
  prime is still shit . 
  two accounts with exactly 153 hours each running ak one taps on cache last night . 
  by one taps , i mean they never fired more than once . 
  i would have been open to the possibility that they were not hacking if they had sprayed or something . 
  tap . 
  tap . 
  tap . 
  how do you know ? 
  i would assume enough players have signed up for the system to be teaming them up together already . 
  people were expecting prime to start working a day or two after release . 
  the m4a1-s had its price increased and damage/accuracy reduced if i remember correctly . 
  they changed the nuke silo jump because control of that can be a game changer to making your way outside . 
  i personally do n't find the one you posted useful at all , unless i 'm trying to cheese an eco or something . 
  yeah , but dota 2 has a development team . 
  we have like 2 interns and a chinchilla . 
  will suck dick to see prime actually go active . 
  and a vac wave . 
  they could start actually manufacturing . 
  is my sensitivity too low ? 
  i play at 1.8@400dpi . 
  i have a big mousepad , but it takes me a full mousepad move to do a 180 . 
  half a mousepad only gets me about to a 90 degree turn . 
  i do really good at medium long distances , but at short distances , like up close pistol duels , i find it had to stay on target . 
  i 've tried playing at up to 2.5@400 before , but my crosshair just feels `` jittery '' and my placement is nowhere near as precise . 
  i ca n't tell where i stand on the sens spectrum , am i gimping myself by playing so low ? 
  do i need to just overcome the ` jitteriness ' of the higher sens and learn to play with it ? 
  that professional dance team is fat as fuck ... 
  i do n't think you could get any further up your own ass . 
  man , if you crawled any further up your own ass , you 'd be able to tickle your tonsils . 
  that 's the best spray explanation video i 've seen yet . 
  you actually go into into ideal bullet counts and break down the spray into parts . 
  do this for ak too ? 
  wow , what an upstanding member of society !, 
  they are dragging this thing on so fucking hard . 
  just announce the fucking game . 
  the hype is literally siphoning away ... 
  they are dragging this thing on so fucking hard . 
  just announce the fucking game . 
  the hype is literally siphoning away ... 
  we literally just listened to them talk about their past for 6 fucking hours . 
  i do n't care anymore dice . 
  i 'm about to pass on this shit . 
  hahahahahaha 6 hours for a 15 second trailer !!, 
  play it first , locked at 30fps , but really only 23 . 
  thanks / u/freeyourthoughts you really got all the sheeple with that !, 
  hackers , everywhere . 
  prime is a useless pile of shit without a vac wave ... 
  not at all . 
  esea is the best cs experience i 've ever had . 
  this guy hacks . 
  drive to the movie theater in the white neighborhood . 
  never . 
  sent 68 if you can add me as co, 
  sent for your bo, 
  how can one team possibly achieve such a singular mastery over choking ? 
  counter strafing . 
  do i counter strafe and then shoot , or shoot and then counter strafe ? 
  hiko fucking blows . 
  not a single shot comes to you from site when you 're out in the open on palace and you do n't check cubby ? 
  he was average at best the whole series . 
  and elige missing that point blank shot to jw 's back ?!, 
  slemmy is like a main player . 
  they should have bought roca and had slemmy as coach if anything . 
  c9 have the money to buy someone in eu i would think . 
  that already exists . 
  it 's called esea . 
  germans should just not be allowed to play cs , period . 
  ban the ips . 
  mark my words , if a vac wave happens , it will happen right before overwatch release . 
  i have a feeling valve is aware that a noticeable chunk of their playerbase is jumping ship on may 24th rather than staying in the mm hackfest . 
  valve is just a shit company unfortunately . 
  all they care about is wheeling their desks around and having an awesome income statement bottom line . 
  and cheaters = $ $ $ $ $, 
  you are either hacking yourself , or oblivious . 
  i think the vac wave will happen the week overwatch is released .
