  it looks like a 3rd max with a flawless corner . 
  mid-high 400 , depending on the buyer, 
  right , but it 's more than a 4th max for sure , so what the fuck is it , haha, 
  think of the keeds . 
  think of the keeeeeeds . 
  i love how this sub is like a dare program when it comes to this . 
  it 's not my job to worry about what your vaginal discharge is doing online . 
  if you ca n't parent it , do n't have it . 
  i am an adult and what i do with my money should n't be regulated by others inability to beat their offspring into a sense of submission . 
  i spoke to the user and he withdrew the knife from the website right before selling to me . 
  his reddit account is also not deleted . 
  that was a bug somehow . 
  all resolved , thanks for the diligence regardless !, 
  it sold already , sorry, 
  just widen the map enough that smokes are n't brick walls . 
  smokes are super overpowered on inferno . 
  especially in banana . 
  widening banana so it 's not such a clusterfuck is the biggest change needed imo . 
  what 's the sticker on the scope ? 
  i ca n't zoom in on mobile . 
  depends on what phase fire it is . 
  it doesnt work that way . 
  you need to post a screenshot . 
  a max fire with perfect corner can go up to like 700 keys . 
  the corner is pretty shittacular , but you do have a decent tri-color . 
  these things do n't have a set price , it depends on the motivation of the buyer . 
  i 'd start mid 300 and work from there . 
  check for some that have sold and compare your corner to theirs . 
  very little . 
  they are mostly all trolling for a sucker . 
  inferno is way more cluttered than other maps though . 
  banana was way more open in previous cs . 
  no , just a tri color . 
  it 's blue dominant , but the corner is total ass . 
  sell it to a quick buyer for 240 . 
  i doubt anyone is buying that as a play knife . 
  pure only , or open to items ? 
  screens of the corner ? 
  this fire/ice + a negotiable number of keys . 
  i 'd have thought about it if you did n't make me open a tab called black cock ... 
  that 's a pixel corner , but it 's effectively flawless . 
  depends at how many you value the fire/ice , 
  i hope the corner on that tt was n't good , because the corner on this fade is shit . 
  everything is expensive now . 
  oh and medusas are predicted to be the next tesla . 
  it was an impersonator account . 
  make sure the the link to the cash rep is for the same steam id as the steam id you 're talking to . 
  is there a way to put my inventory on the left and my chat on the right ? 
  my chat obscures my sick nasty knife . 
  okay so listen to me here . 
  my fire/ice pixel corner + awp hyper beast mw + 14 keys , for your medusa , poseidon and non st fire fire serpent . 
  your prices are a bit high , so by my math , you end up with solid profit . 
  i 'll snag that blood in the water . 
  on mobile , can you hop on my post history and send an offer ? 
  its happening, 
  my only question is why nuke and not santorini ? 
  santorini seems like a much better product . 
  i have this for sale . 
  corner good enough for you ? 
  depends entirely on the corner . 
  i saw a 3rd max with a flawless corner go for 515 recently . 
  that 's the best factual that i have . 
  for 400 , you ca n't a decent 4th max . 
  if you want flawless corner , 400 may not be enough though . 
  damn bro , upvote for you . 
  sick knives !, 
  ideally , there wo n't be any classic players . 
  that corner though :(, 
  you 're like 50k over anything you can get . 
  shit corner . 
  i have this for sale currently if you want to venture into fire/ice territory , 
  screenshots ... 
  for what ? 
  i understand what you 're saying , it just looks so sad :(, 
  i work in finance , i get that they are pricing as a regular marble fade , it just looks so bad haha, 
  thanks guy !, 
  i 'm pretty proud of it . 
  i wish i had better screenshots cause it 's actually pixel corner . 
  not at home for a few days though . 
  holy hell that awp is hot, 
  holy fuck that corner !!!, 
  high 200 . 
  275 maybe . 
  i have this for sale currently . 
  maybe we can work something out . 
  are you looking to upgrade , or downgrade ? 
  i am currently selling this if you want to make a deal for your dlore + adds . 
  i have a knife for sale , hit me up if interested in adding . 
  quite a bit for a really beat up 0.27 . 
  i had one that i sold for 365 some months ago what was way cleaner . 
  most of your damage is on the stock too , which blows . 
  i 'd say 60 pure , or more if you are trying to add in items . 
  yes, 
  funny , i have exactly what you 're looking for !, 
  a lot . 
  it 's hard to tell though , because those rarely come up . 
  575 maybe ? 
  no idea . 
  i 'm looking to downgrade , maybe we can work something out . 
  do you have screens of the black pearl ?
