  it 's a good thing , because if i ever forget to set my alarm and the door chime goes off at night i 'll be up and ready before anyone has a chance to make it up the first flight of stairs . 
  martial arts are no use in real life unless you learn krav maga and even then it 's limited . 
  the best way to learn to fight is to get your ass kicked . 
  do n't go out of your way to make that happen . 
  street fights are n't really fights , they are brawls . 
  unexperienced people swinging haymakers . 
  martial arts wo n't help you with that . 
  here are some general tips to help you not get killed -, 
  - there is a very high probability that the first punch someone will throw at you in a fight is a right hook . 
  it 's everyone 's go to . 
  be ready for that . 
  - do not headbutt . 
  you will end up looking retarded at best or do more damage to yourself at worst . 
  - do not kick . 
  this is not a movie . 
  - clench your jaw , lower your head , keep your hands up . 
  try to absorb blows with your skull/cheekbones , not nose/eyes . 
  - aim for soft tissue , like the nose . 
  nothing ends a fight for you faster than a cracked knuckle when you hit someone square in the cheekbone . 
  break the nose , win the fight . 
  - if you are just defending yourself , know when to stop . 
  the line between self defense and battery is very thin . 
  if you see the other guy stop resisting , it 's time to stop swinging . 
  - if you truly feel like you are in danger , you need to assume a win or die approach . 
  there are no rules . 
  there are no rules . 
  - there are no rules . 
  expect to be cheap shotted , and be ready to cheap shot . 
  - people who do n't fight cant take bodyshots . 
  the ribs and chest are your fast lanes to winning a fight . 
  she does n't hate you . 
  she hates that your so is happy . 
  women hate each other . 
  nothing makes a woman more unhappy than seeing another woman be happy . 
  get a bro to pick it up . 
  you going is the worst possible idea you could think of . 
  you would regret it if you had done it too . 
  do n't doubt your decisions . 
  do n't surround yourself with assholes . 
  it 's over man . 
  move on . 
  there is a strong reflex to pull back your torso if someone swings at it so there is a better chance that the person will avoid it . 
  lateral movement is more difficult so the ribs are easier . 
  men ** and ** women ? 
  no worries . 
  just men ? 
  best case , simply friendly and naive . 
  worst case , attention seeking . 
  how high stress it is . 
  the margin for error is huge and errors have massive downflow effects . 
  also , i wish i worked on a commission/bonus type structure rather than a flat salary type structure . 
  because you do n't check out girls when you 're out at the bar , right ? 
  it 's natural to find things attractive . 
  if she 's not acting out about it in any way , i would n't sweat it . 
  she 's there with you . 
  be confident in that until given reason to feel otherwise . 
  illegal immigration is a serious issue . 
  it 's joining race relations as one of the taboo topics to talk about because anything you say labels your a shitlord triggering racist . 
  that 's not to say that immigration needs to be completely shut off but letting it run rampant is just postponing a massive issue for a future generation . 
  the american economy needs a cheap manual workforce and immigration provides that , however it needs to be done in a controlled , legal way . 
  on the flip side , are we really treating these people well enough ? 
  latino immigration is just an informal form of slavery . 
  cheap , disposable workforce that does n't need to be reported anywhere , has next to no rights and zero economic mobility . 
  i 'd much rather we start bringing people in legally as demand arises . 
  back scratches . 
  bringing me a beer while i 'm playing a game or something . 
  those little things . 
  i do n't think there has ever been a person that is good at flirting at 17 ... 
  you 'll get over it . 
  just do n't be stupid and do anything stupid . 
  i am fine with it , as long as it 's not to satisfy something that me/we are lacking . 
  like if she has some secret desires of a football team gangbang , i am not okay with that . 
  but if she just watches porn , that 's normal . 
  first of all , you ca n't * all * be equally attractive . 
  each guy will have physical traits that he finds attractive that will draw him to one of the girls . 
  also , certain girls exude a stronger energy . 
  i do n't know how to describe it . 
  certain people just have something about them that pulls you to them . 
  lastly , maybe the girls getting the attention are keeping a more open appearance . 
  if you have a resting bitch face and look super unhappy and closed in , you 're not that likely to get approached . 
  unless it 's by me , because i have a hardon for rbfs . 
  if you 'd like , pm the pic of you and your friends and me and my so ( 27m ,25 f ) will rank each of you 1 to 4 . 
  do n't have to tell us which one you are or anything . 
  i really really doubt you 're all equally attractive , women do n't tend to congregate with similarly attractive women unless at the very top or very bottom . 
  you 're being a pussy . 
  women do n't enter your apartment without being open to the possibility of something sexual happen . 
  literally zero . 
  once you have plans you leave it there . 
  build mystery and leave things you may talk about for the date . 
  the fuck kind of a question is this ? 
  of course not . 
  what was the lie ? 
  how do i do that ? 
  of course chivalry is dead . 
  women killed it . 
  the reason dinner changed to drinks is because the online dating tools you list offer only a basic tl ; dr about a person . 
  they could be total shit . 
  or even worse , fat . 
  you do n't want to commit to a dinner with someone you know nothing about . 
  drinks are quick , easy and possible to get out of .
