  it will never go away . 
  it 's the uncut cocaine of video games . 
  that being said , i am losing my desire to continue supporting valve as a company . 
  it has n't started . 
  back in the early days , in europe at least , it was 100 % lan play . 
  we would go to these massive internet cafes that had like 50 computers and just play against whoever was playing . 
  i did n't play online until the early 2000s , however there were no official servers back then , they were all dedicated servers . 
  good dedicated servers usually had an admin on , or at least people with admin like privileges so yeah , every once in a while someone would come in and headshot everybody but the admin would kick/ban them . 
  my team was my class friends . 
  we 'd save whatever our parents gave us and we 'd go to the cafes after class . 
  they loved it because they got time to themselves and as far as entertainment was concerned , it was the cheapest they could find . 
  $ 1 bought you one hour of playtime ( not $ 1 , but one unit of currency ) . 
  sometimes the guys that owned the cafe would let you play longer , or play for free cause we were all neighborhood kids , they knew our parents and shit . 
  because of dc ... 
  / r/politics is the least user generated subreddit of all . 
  this should n't be surprising to anyone . 
  even the mods are shills . 
  it 's too powerful of a medium to be left unbiased and in user control . 
  seeing that 16 year old cat breaks my heart . 
  who abandons an animal after that much time ? 
  and who would adopt a 16 year old cat ... :(, 
  of course they are dead in the water . 
  they were a shitty idea to begin with and had no possible market segment they could even capitalize on . 
  it 's just another silly idea valve devs came up with while wheeling their desks around while they should have been working . 
  it 's a poorly managed company with too much money , too much time and shitty top level direction . 
  the steam machines and the steam controller were ideas that should have never left the drawing board . 
  why is none of this on / r/news ? 
  wow . 
  i want to be angry , but honestly , i 'm just sad . 
  oh man , you came to the right sub ... 
  maybe `` paid protester '' is a career now . 
  i wish i could read more about protesters on / r/news , but for some strange reason , i ca n't find any articles . 
  darn , i wish i knew what was going on in the u.s. 
  `` i 'm sure those pesky jews will take responsibility for auschwitz one of these days . '', 
  i 'm trying to find where bernie and hillary condemned the violence . 
  all i see on bernie 's twitter is him having a stroke about climate change and hillary is just posting shit in spanish and jabbing at trump . 
  can someone point me to their statements ? 
  last i checked his twitter , he is having a stroke about climate change . 
  not a mention of the violence . 
  this was in california . 
  the trump rally in texas was n't this bad . 
  i wonder why ... 
  you triggered someone and they tried to get smart with it . 
  it happens a lot on this subreddit . 
  just keep your windows up and turn your window wipers on . 
  they ca n't make you pay for anything . 
  if they harass you , calmly wait until the light turns green and drive forward . 
  do not engage . 
  edit : i checked the dude 's post history and he moved to baltimore 6 months ago , but is already an expert on how to handle local issues . 
  you should all subscribe to him . 
  triggered . 
  edit : i checked this dude 's post history and he moved to baltimore 6 months ago , but is already an expert on how to handle local issues . 
  you should all subscribe to him . 
  we do , it 's just that when someone dies , reddit tends to pretend for a week that they were a decent human being while alive . 
  a baby got raped ? 
  what ... ? 
  in any other situation , alcohol and intoxication are taken into account , but for some reason when it comes to sex and cases of rape everyone get 's all butthurt about it . 
  if i get blackout drunk and wander to west baltimore at 2am wearing a diamond watch , and i get mugged all of you would be on here jerking each other off about `` why were you blackout drunk ? 
  '' , `` what the fuck were you doing in west baltimore at 2am '' , `` why were you alone ? '', 
  `` what the fuck were you doing wearing a diamond watch in the first place ?! '', 
  but when it comes to sex and rape , all the sudden the intoxication of either party is no longer taken into account . 
  what happened to the woman is absolutely horrible , but it does not change the fact that a 23 year old woman went to a party at a school she did not attend , with her sister who did not attend the school either and then got so fucking drunk that she did n't remember anything . 
  at all . 
  including being raped . 
  how are you so drunk that you ca n't even recall being raped ? 
  of course the oldboy court system would be tilted against her , she ca n't even testify for herself . 
  what happened to her was completely out of her control and needs to be punished to the full extent of the law , but the situation in which it happened to her in was entirely in her control , and you can downvote all you want , i really do n't give a fuck . 
  this whole thing is a disgrace all around . 
  the son should have gone to prison , because it is the correct course of action and so we do n't have to sit here and argue about it . 
  the father should have never opened his mouth ever . 
  like how fucking retarded are his lawyers that they let him release that bullshit ? 
  the judge should not be a judge . 
  the girl should probably not go to strangers college parties if she can not handle herself and her body maturely . 
  because i do n't want something that everyone else has already had . 
  because if she has history with someone i am in contact with often , i want no part of that . 
  c. it 's not attractive to fuck anything and everything . 
  get over it . 
  it 's not going to change . 
  you get over it by growing balls and moving on without them . 
  this is n't the love of your life . 
  this is an easily replaceable person . 
  she 's also playing you so hard with that victim bullshit ... 
  fbi need to shit or get off the pot . 
  this comment should be stickied in this thread . 
  i want the fbi to get the fuck on with it , because by the time they actually do anything , she could be president already ... 
  prime ? 
  vac wave ? 
  anything ? 
  nah , cool new skins though . 
  back to overwatch . 
  too little too late . 
  had they done this 6 months prior to overwatch release , it might have had any sort of noticeable effect . 
  i want one so fucking bad . 
  what is a good used price for these ? 
  i see them for around 2k on most websites . 
  both of those seem to be japanese sellers . 
  anything continental ? 
  i 've been looking at watchvault , just trying to convince the fiance to let me pull the trigger on one . 
  institutionalized lead privilege syndrome . 
  islam - not even once .
