  bloodborne is not a game it 's an experience . 
  i highty recommend you read the paleblood hunt . 
  it 's a collection of all the lore the community has figured out in one 163 page masterpiece . 
  nintendo lives in the 90s period . 
  imagine a pokemon or zelda game on gtx1080 level graphics . 
  nintendo is the perpetual member berries of video games . 
  that 's their business model . 
  maybe because he is a better healer than 3/4 dedicated healers . 
  i am so excited for this . 
  i do n't think any movie i 've watched this year disturbed me as much as cloverfield . 
  i left me feeling bothered and uncomfortable . 
  high hopes for this . 
  a lot . 
  also , stop playing with hackers . 
  do you even exist ? 
  you did n't lose , it was stolen . 
  the sites are rigged my friend . 
  good luck , i 'll pass on your glock . 
  vr is totally the future and not a gimmick you guys . 
  sexual assault ? 
  found the snowflake . 
  no , you would n't . 
  this is n't good advice . 
  congratulations , i no longer want to date the 18 year old . 
  i still want to break her on my penis though . 
  ops problem is a legitimate one and i do n't think there is a right answer . 
  do n't live in la ? 
  yeah but trump called someone fat . 
  this is irrelevant . 
  focus on real women 's issues . 
  the amount of salty libcuck salt in this thread is unreal . 
  great work op . 
  i 'm sure that took a lot of time and dedication . 
  i 'll take you on . 
  minimum 3 paragraphs please , i 've heard three words in a grammatically correct sequence passes for an essay at osu . 
  deal , 
  it 's not a game , it 's a cash cow . 
  best total war ever . 
  each race feels like a whole different game . 
  honestly , they fucked up rome 2 so bad that they knew they had to get this right and they did so , above and beyond . 
  sweet , sweet justice . 
  fuck ohio . 
  get your non conference winning asses the fuck out of here . 
  o - h - 31 - 0 !!!, 
  nah buddy , this pizza is gon na be warm at least until next season . 
  the only people not showing penn state respect in this thread are ohio state shitstains . 
  which should serve as a reminder that they lost 31-0 in the fiesta bowl . 
  hell of a game psu . 
  you deserved that cfp spot . 
  underrated comment . 
  few things make me sicker than a valve appreciation post on this sub . 
  valve deserves no appreciation for their treatment of cs . 
  no it does n't . 
  the amount of misinformation being taken as fact in this thread is staggering . 
  that happens when you put the nation 's biggest game in one of it 's smallest , shittiest stadiums . 
  10 bucks says he 's black . 
  serious : if we were to wall off chicago and let it die , what would be the downsides ? 
  got ta protect your own i guess . 
  hey mods , lock this shit up and tell me about how chicago is a wonderful place to live . 
  your narrative is breaking . 
  you mean the city of chicago ? 
  yes , the city of chicago is a joke . 
  things like this is why lynching existed . 
  real glad we phased that out . 
  the bama fans at last year 's championship were fantastic to be around . 
  we shared beers , talked , whatever . 
  our car of all guys was parked next to this alabama car of all girls so we ended up shooting the shit before the game . 
  very pleasant people . 
  it 's the bandwagon alabama fans that we all hate . 
  hurts crumbles on the big stage under new leadership . 
  clemson defense makes a statement . 
  alabama defense does what they do . 
  clemson 31 - 27 alabama, 
  amish independence . 
  glad you clarified who is riding who , it was about to get all brokeback mountain in here . 
  this is the cringiest white knight shit ever . 
  he 's not even the best qb of the draft ... 
  full clench . 
  i am counting down seconds . 
  two hours ago ? 
  someone tell me how that shot on williams was not targeting ... 
  tears never felt so good . 
  thank you cfb . 
  could you get any more dramatic ? 
  itt : reddit legal experts . 
  mostly its the people , culture and politics . 
  there is nothing worse in the world than office people . 
  teachers do nothing currently , why do you think they will do anything in the future ? 
  buying ll bean stuff today . 
  college football bro . 
  step into the light . 
  what happened to college being about partying and getting laid ? 
  and education ? 
  we did n't have the time to be this pissed off when i went in the early 2000s . 
  do they make whale shots for when she is way fatter than her tinder pictures ? 
  high treason ? 
  non-violent drug offenses ? 
  fuck you . 
  also , if you commit treason or kill a grandma , turning into a woman seems to be your best bet for getting off . 
  no , but bruce jenner did right before he decided he was a woman .
