  dude is just a neckbeard who walked into a billion dollars and as far as video games go , cs is n't neckbeard material . 
  he 's probably sitting in his knife collection room , still playing wow , while a pair of hookers tongue wash his taint . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  interesting view on masculinity , but whatever floats your boat . 
   i did n't trust him either as he 's treated girls badly in the past . 
  this is a `` nice guy '' trope . 
  he is looking out for the girl because of his more attractive friend who ( in op 's opinion ) has treated girls badly . 
  that 's patronizing and a turn off . 
  she 's a grown woman who does n't need you looking out for her . 
  he also harps on that his friend is more conventionally attractive and charismatic , which means he has already mentally put himself in a subordinate position and will act accordingly . 
  this would further steer her away and towards the other guy , if she even had any interest in the first place . 
  if you ca n't convince yourself you 're worth it , you ca n't convince anyone else either . 
   she got mad saying i was overprotective, 
  they had no attachment and this dude already was trying to control her , which is where the `` beta '' thing comes in . 
  if you have to control someone to be with you , then you lost , and it 's not going to work anyway . 
  the idea is to exercise no control and let things flow freely . 
  this dude tried to hold on to something he did n't have in the first place . 
  it 's absurdly under dosed . 
  either really attractive or really rich ? 
  lololol contributed what ?!, 
  he created a drm restricted singular marketplace , which you clearly are n't old enough to remember , was reviled in it 's beginning . 
  cs was a mod . 
  day of defeat was a mod . 
  he created a distribution system in a time where one did n't exist . 
  that 's not at all revolutionary ? 
  what qualifications do i need to criticize the ceo of a company whose products i 've purchased ... ? 
  that 's not how any of this works at all . 
  i am a customer of a business and am fully within my right to criticize a ceo when i feel like he is n't making smart , positive or even ethical decisions . 
  whether anyone cares about my criticism is a different thing ... 
  man , you got really triggered , did n't you ? 
  i must have hit on some serious personal insecurity ... 
  i feel like the biggest thing holding my deadlifts back is my hands . 
  i have calluses in the usual spot , but also under the first knuckle . 
  i am lifting the weight no problem , but the heavier it gets , the pain in my hands becomes unbearable . 
  i straight up ripped a callus off with the bar on the way down the other day . 
  on the flip side , i will have you know i only cried for two hours when i ripped it off , so i think i am officially welcome to the salty spitoon . 
  `` between me and you , i got tired of sleeping with them roaches . 
  and i 've been having flashbacks , that 's why a n *** a focused . '', 
  - jeezy, 
  bruh , 8 months is nothing . 
  be lucky it was n't like a three year break up . 
  you lost like two potential cycles . 
  you 're fine . 
  hit the weight man . 
  elevated bp is like the poster child of this subreddit . 
  stimulants , steroids , cocaine , fat burners - all those things have high bp in common . 
  that 's a bitch move at the weight i 'm lifting though . 
  it 's just showing a lack of forearm strength . 
  i just use chalk currently . 
  is liquid grip better thank chalk to prevent calluses ? 
  i use a pumice stone when they get real bad , but i have n't tried aloe . 
  i will get some today and see if it helps . 
  time to hand in that natty card bro . 
  shit , there ai n't nothing low key about it ... 
  yes , but you ca n't swallow . 
  that 's animal sourced protein . 
  your gf is probably attractive and her coworkers are probably fat . 
  i do n't fuck with creatine anymore . 
  i odd on it when i was younger and now i am bound to a wheel chair because my legs are too big and muscular to get past each other when i walk . 
  is it possible that paige hathaway and/or michelle lewin are not on var ? 
  i dunno why i just thought about this ... lewin seems like she could be a combo of absolutely perfect genetics and silicone , but paige 's musculature ... 
  i have terrible chest insertions , so i will never be able to have chest cleavage while wearing a v-neck , but something like [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/ce/73/47/ce7347840365299f1fef68711dda50eb.jpg ), 
  yeah , but why though . 
  they do n't compete and can make millions selling their look in either of those pics . 
  of course , i was just curious . 
  these moves are so spicy !, 
  men won when pole dancing became a legitimate exercise program/hobby . 
  i had acne on the edges of my face , like cheekbones , temples , etc. 
  in my very early 20s . 
  the accutane was doctor prescribed according to my weight . 
  have n't had any acne issues since , maybe an occasional small zit due to chocolate or whatever . 
  sides : my lips were very dry and my joints hurt . 
  otherwise , nothing else . 
  the mental sides are all bullshit - they do n't actually exist . 
  why is on this subreddit though ... ? 
  it 's like the lowest effort shitpost ever . 
  subreddits themselves are shit , and are run by whoever got there first . 
  in many cases , whoever got there first is a total dickwad . 
  the local subreddits are the worst offenders . 
  perfect example - / r/baltimore is run by a group of rampant sjws , none of whom even live in baltimore . 
  shit , the head mod who started the sub and is currently squatting on it lives outside of dc . 
  they silence and delete any open discussion about crime , poverty , race issues , etc in baltimore . 
  anything that is n't openly `` baltimore is the greatest city to live in ! '', 
  is just shut down to hell , with banhammers swinging in every direction . 
  the worst part of it is that the sub has a number of users , who are either rl friends of the mods , or are under some sort of protection from the mods , since they break both the subreddit rules and the reddiquette on ** a daily basis ** but never get banned . 
  sadly , there is nothing anyone can do about it . 
  they got there first and the standard response is `` make your own subreddit '' . 
  however , the main gathering point for baltimore citizens on reddit is usurped by people who do n't live in baltimore and who have a very one sided agenda to push , which they like pushing daily . 
  it 's kind of unfortunate . 
  other non-local examples are the / r/wow fiasco , the / r/news orlando fiasco ( the / r/news mods are no longer `` natural '' mods , its pretty much a paid admin run subreddit ) , the / r/planetside fiasco , you name it . 
  the worst part of reddit is how moderation works . 
  have n't heard anything about laziness . 
  depression is listed as the mental side effect , but it 's not real or medically supported , it 's just a campaign that a senator waged against the medication to find a reason why his kid committed suicide . 
  i had no drop in motivation or any depression while taking the medication . 
  if anything , i was the happiest i had been at the time since my acne was clearing up . 
  just shows how little the current devs know or care about the game lol, 
  the best thing that could happen to cs is for the ip to be sold to a real game development company . 
  shit , ea could even do a better job . 
  what is a social match ? 
  i would pay anything for this .
