  you 'd cut down on cheating massively . 
  most cheats for most games get made in germany . 
  just watch it on your phone . 
  probably nbk . 
  if there is one thing this election has taught me is that you can be a criminal your whole life and still become president of the united states of america . 
  that being said , if anybody needs cocaine , hit me up . 
  obviously . 
  why should i obey laws if people running for president do n't have to ? 
  this election has taught me that you can be a criminal your whole life and still become president of the united states of america . 
  why should i obey the law if she does n't have to ? 
  that being said , anyone need any cocaine ? 
  he 's trying his best to get her elected so he does n't have to go down in history as the worst president to ever exist . 
  she will outdo him at being completely unfit for the position . 
  sounds like the right man for the job . 
  where do i invest in banning germans from video games ? 
  i would take body over apex any day of the week . 
  i 'd take that . 
  they toggle . 
  i hate watching fnatic play . 
  this guy is a total shitstain . 
  everything about him rubs me the wrong way . 
  his mom is so hot ... 
  it 's super annoying to have to type in my email and password each time i try to log in . 
  why ca n't it just save ? 
  do n't worry , no one is playing . 
  it 's almost like they thought this would n't be popular and are running one shitty server rack in a back closet . 
  serious question , why does every game with an online component launch like shit ? 
  why not overkill the server capacity and ensure smoothness ? 
  good . 
  fuck off and wait third world countries . 
  it 's not for you . 
  this is just a fit app with pokemon added . 
  unless they make a more complicated combat system , this thing will fizzle . 
  mom is way hotter . 
  finally someone else says it !, 
  the ending should have been gerald killing everyone and then finally killing himself when he knew his work was done and there was no one left to kill . 
  clearly a gun thing . 
  stop making it about race guys . 
  they do n't care , we already hate them . 
  the sad thing is that before blm came around , i really really believed that black lives do matter :(, 
  the scene is drying up . 
  the same 8-10 teams of 2-3 hackers each going at each other in simulated competition . 
  it 's bound to get boring eventually . 
  that would be pretty jamie foxx of him . 
  i believe it . 
  it 's just teams of cheaters cheating against each other in simulated competition for viewers and sponsor money . 
  if valve banned every team currently cheating , they would ban like 9 out of the 10 top teams in the world . 
  the whole scene would be dead . 
  there would be nothing left . 
  there they are . 
  the same team of the same cheaters now winning two $ 1m majors is not big enough ? 
  their hardware blows . 
  it 's just the only way to access their software . 
  imagine a pokemon pc game ... 
  one can only dream . 
  both sides of the eop are plugged directly into the wall . 
  i am mostly downloading from steam . 
  however using youtube , netflix or twitch as a benchmark , the macbook still performs infinitely better . 
  would i be better off just getting a wi-fi receiver for the pc ? 
  the only reason i got those things in the first place is because i thought the signal would be more reliable . 
  it 's a two story house with a basement . 
  the reason we did n't have the router installed with the gaming pc in the first place is that the pc is in the basement and we did n't think we would get good wifi signal on the second floor . 
  thoughts ? 
  just came back recently . 
  bought a bunch of old gods packs . 
  i have a decent start but missing key cards . 
  do i shard all my old gvg and naxx cards ? 
  i can get maybe about 6k dust for them to fill out my decks , but i am afraid they will become relevant again . 
  nbk is cancer drama on any team he is on . 
  how do we decide if it 's a boy or a man ? 
  learn self control . 
  i really hope with the next adventure they nerf warrior into the ground , reduce wotog abundance of rng and slow down the fast deck meta a bit . 
  one can only dream . 
  this is what na pros do n't get . 
  it 's a job . 
  you are paid to do your job . 
  not to like it . 
  too much personality , too little character . 
  i 'm just tired of every game being who will draw their c'thun first . 
  more legendary/deck variety would be great . 
  i do n't think wotog took the game in a positive direction . 
  pray for [ insert city here ] . 
  do n't have yogg : /, 
  let me guess , he was also a muslim too . 
  any warrior deck - look at how much money i have, 
  any shaman deck - look at how overpowered my cards are, 
  delete warrior , increase the cost of every shaman card by 2 . 
  problem solved . 
  they do nothing . 
  read the valve employee manual . 
  they roll their desks around and work on whatever they want . 
  which is usually nothing of any merit . 
  you guys are hilarious if you think he will face any punishment . 
  him and slutbag made millions in a completely unregulated gray area . 
  no one will ever take this on . 
  they will walk away with all their money , start a legitimate business of some sort and be comfortably rich for a long time . 
  slowly ? 
  you 're nuts . 
  warrior gets all of its utility from its basic classic cards . 
  so warrior `` deck creation '' is just how many different legendaries you can put into a deck .
