  apparently some random i picked up in mm was hacking and got vac banned and i got a message that my rank and competitive wins have been penalized , however i see no difference . 
  i only played with him for two games . 
  what does this mean ? 
  am i at risk at getting banned ? 
  anyone have any experience with this vendor ? 
  looking for a stylized picture/photo of a blackjack hand totaling 16 , preferably a 10 of hearts and a 6 of spades . 
  dimensions need to be 850x315 ( facebook cover ) . 
  totally open to btc tipping for something cool . 
  hi there . 
  i shoot skeet and trap , usually 10 rounds a week maximum . 
  i buy shells at around $ 6.99 a box . 
  can i save money on this by switching to reloading or is it not worth it for my volume ? 
  i live in maryland and have heard from fellow shooters that powder is few and far between here . 
  tl ; dr - are there real savings here or is it more for the hobby aspect ? 
  edit - i shoot 12ga . 
  where do you guys browse used shotgun ads ? 
  it seems like gunbroker.com is the only option but it 's limited when it comes to o/u shotguns which is what i am in the market for . 
  hello ,, 
  currently , i am level 100-110 , not sure . 
  i use a physical ludwig and my stats are below . 
  40 vitality, 
  30 end, 
  31 str, 
  32 skill, 
  8 bloodtinge, 
  i started off as str , however my damage has been scaling well with skill so i put points into that as well . 
  the 15 arcane is for the basic tools . 
  these may not be exact stats as i am not at my ps currently . 
  i am in ng + and about to fight amelia . 
  is this toon a wash ? 
  i seem to be doing fine but ca n't help but think i should be more specialized in either str or skill . 
  is that correct or am i overthinking it ? 
  so , i am relatively new to shotsheel reloading . 
  i saw some cheddite primers on sale and jumped on the opportunity , but now i ca n't find any load data for them . 
  i have remington sts and win aa hulls and wst powder currently . 
  i am fine with getting different wads , but am i just going to have to write the primers off as a loss at this point ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i currently shoot mostly skeet and sporting clays and i use a beretta 686 sporting , 30 '' barrels . 
  i shot some club members ' krieghoffs and blasers with a high rib and i found it much more natural to me . 
  i would like something like that , and having the ability to adjust the comb would be fantastic . 
  i 'll never be able to afford a krieghoff and i ca n't currently afford a blaser . 
  browning make a sporting version of the 725 with a raised rib and an adjustable comb that i should be able to swing . 
  the big question is , should i pull the trigger on it or wait for some time and save up for a used blaser ? 
  i love the mechanical action on it and the heavier , more solid feel of the gun but is that difference worth the extra $ 3000 ? 
  is the browning that much better than my current beretta to be worth the upgrade ? 
  i keep going back and forth on this and want to bounce it off of someone else . 
  hey all ,, 
  i am relatively new to reloading and recently i have been trying to load lighter loads . 
  currently loading this recipe at 1oz in remington sts hulls . 
  winchester super hcp powder, 
  ched . 
  209 primer, 
  20.1 grains, 
  7,800 psi, 
  1,235 fps, 
  the load leaves some room in the shell , meaning the shot shakes around . 
  is that normal for lighter loads ? 
  it also screws with my crimps a bit . 
  any advice appreciated . 
  i promise this is not a troll post , i was actually really excited to get it , and now that i have it , i think i may have made the wrong choice . 
  i feel like i am holding a brick that happens to have microsoft office . 
  i am not sure what i am missing . 
  let 's start with the basics . 
  the app store absolutely just blows . 
  i ca n't find * anything * remotely useful on here . 
  it 's all garbage , and what is n't garbage just absolutely sucks . 
  so the surface does n't support spotify ? 
  okay , assume i ignored that , how can i do something basic , like i dunno , reddit on this thing ? 
  there are no viable reddit apps that do n't look like they were made by a 9th grade computer science student . 
  nothing that even comes close to alienblue . 
  am i doomed to using everything in the browser ? 
  which i have n't been able to get to default to not bing yet ... 
  games ? 
  ha , forget it . 
  tl ; dr - help me do things other than office word documents on my surface . 
  can i even do other things ? 
  where do i start ? 
  [ removed ], 
  my girlfriend and i will be visiting your lovely city for a week starting this friday . 
  however , there is a very important football game happening on saturday that we would both like to watch . 
  it would be showing on the abc network , i am not sure if that is available globally or not . 
  question is , would there be anywhere around the center of paris where i would be able to convince a bartender to switch a tv on for us ? 
  we are trying really hard not to be the douchey tourists i am sure you are used to . 
  side note : the attacks scared us but we decided not to change our itinerary . 
  if there ever was a time paris needed tourists it 's now and we could not be more excited to spend the week there eating your food , throwing money at your economy and getting shitfaced in your bars !, 
  i always assumed up so there is no doubt that i am not checking out the other dude 's dick but i may have been awkwardly staring at the ceiling while peeing for years . 
  pardon the stupid question , i 've been out of school for some years now and no longer actively involved in history other than self-study . 
  would a modern biography be considered a secondary or tertiary source for the purpose of this subreddit ? 
  example - anthony everitt 's biographies of cicero and augustus cite both primary sources , as well as secondary sources . 
  secondary , or tertiary ? 
  i have started three separate rome campaigns now , and all three seem to go the exact same way . 
  i secure the peninsula and make a non-aggression pact with sicily , which i plan to end later . 
  i defeat the etruscan league and start a war with carthage . 
  by this point ( ~ 20-30 turns in ) , i have 2 full legions and a navy in the south campaigning against carthage , who are by now allied with lybia , who is trying to get past my naval superiority . 
  i have tried to establish non-aggression pacts with the filthy barbarians to the north , however have failed due to cultural aversion . 
  i guess i somehow pissed off the veneti , because at this point they attack me with force . 
  my 1 legion on the mainland is not enough to hold off their onslaught and i lose ariminium . 
  i pull back my main force , and start losing ground to the south due to the pressure from carthage/lybia . 
  i have no allies other than athens , who are militarily useless . 
  i have n't been able to make allies with anyone in any of my of my rome campaigns .
