  why is that ? 
  which of these two , and why ? 
  i am looking for an automatic diver around 1k with a blue dial . 
  any other recommendations are welcome . 
  i like that the oris has an open back . 
  the dial is way too colorful for me . 
  however , if i stretch my budget a bit , i think i would go with http://www.jomashop.com/longines-watch-l3-744-4-96-6.html, 
  and the longines does not ? 
  how can i tell ? 
  why not be a valedictorian in mexico ? 
  he 's black , do n't expect to see any rioting . 
  can we just ban germans from playing cs : go period ? 
  even if i one day stop playing cs : go , i will keep my esea subscription alive for as long as esea is around . 
  keep doing what you do . 
  you are what makes this game great , not valve . 
  tough break ? 
  what an absolutely amazing feeling i feel coming over me . 
  it 's like a million giant feminist gaping cunts queefed at once , and were suddenly silenced . 
  read better shit . 
  it 's always a woman ... 
  her husband is at home debating suicide right at this very second . 
  i wish i could have seen this man 's face when he told his wife who had been bitching about this purchase for three years . 
  what is happening there right now is an absolute travesty . 
  every comment i 've seen about the shooting has been deleted when i refresh the page . 
  your comment to be deleted in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  all credibility of this website just went out the window . 
  a registered democrat muslim with a concealed carry permit killed 50 homosexuals on latin night ? 
  it 's the perfect shitstorm . 
  today may have just won him the election . 
  thank you , you are now my favorite sub . 
  i 'm sure this thread will magically stay up . 
  i wish i could like bitcoin tip everyone of them or something . 
  absolute respect . 
  fuck that . 
  giving them gold gives money to reddit . 
  if i gave money to anyone , it would be to the moderators . 
  i do n't want to support the admins and what they 've let this site become . 
  you seem triggered . 
  what exactly did gay people do to you that you hate them so much ? 
  you 're a good person . 
  i wish this site had more people like you . 
  you fucking blow at what you do . 
  `` how can i make this about guns while completely avoiding mentioning islam ... '', 
  i refuse to believe this is for real . 
  lead paint racism . 
  remember friend , when you get gunned down in a bar in baltimore or dc sometime in the next couple of years by a radical muslim , make sure to remind yourself that at least you were n't racist . 
  anything to avoid it being about muslims ... 
  10 feet higher . 
  shoot them ? 
  `` this has nothing to do with religion '' - also shooter 's dad, 
  i 'm sure it 's a gluten free buddhist . 
  the mindless liberal spin hamster is working so hard i am surprised it has n't flown out of the wheel yet . 
  `` how do we blame this on * anything * but islam ? '', 
  but guys , christians do it too , therefore it does n't matter . 
  also , this had nothing to do with religion . 
  nothing to do with religion . 
  institutionalized fetal lead . 
  clearly it had nothing to do with islam . 
  it 's time we tackle the steroid problem in america . 
  i really think a lot of studios are trying to expand their user base with more casual gamers , hence the cartoony super clean style of this and civ vi . 
  they are trying to bridge the gap between pc and mobile gaming . 
  the pros claim that they like their own `` broken in '' equipment and fresh equipment would unfairly throw them off . 
  a small group of us have been saying this for like 2 years , but this sub is very `` head in the sand '' about it . 
  valve know the scene is too fragile to reveal that pros have won majors with cheats . 
  he ca n't , it would break the rules and the mods would ban him . 
  also , the mods hack too . 
  it 's interesting how the brazilian scene went from unknown to world class in the span of like 8 months . 
  the scene would lose all credibility and die . 
  hence why valve would never do it . 
  what would be done ? 
  [ removed ], 
  and what happens when you lose dozens of sponsors and any sort of credibility after showing that cheaters won your last dozen majors ? 
  tbs ? 
  gone . 
  espn ? 
  gone . 
  any cs : go growth or exposure ? 
  gone . 
  why do n't we have a megathread for trump 's statement on orlando ? 
  are we back to breaking down speaches to where the speakers misspeak something ? 
  because if so :, 
  `` if if if if if if if if if if if okie dokie '', 
  is it bad that i 'd rather have funding for barcs than youth services ? 
  we just need to build them a park to ride in . 
  and then we build a fence around that park . 
  and then we build ~ ~ cells ~ ~ rooms for them to sleep in when they are done riding . 
  we believe in a better baltimore ? 
  apples to oranges . 
  so useless and divisive then ? 
  how do you find time to save anyone in between getting raped ? 
  i am astounded . 
  leave the kids ? 
  why do they have to be 17 ? 
  i 'm 28 and hate your kids just as much as the other 900 people in this thread . 
  where did i say anything about knowing anything about the world ? 
  i just said i hate your kids . 
  thanks bro , now please do n't kill anybody . 
  so since they know about a 100 of them ride on madison every sunday around 6pm why not arrest them ... ? 
  the same un that just let the saudis back in because of political blackmail ? 
  haha , fuck off and disband already .
