  i will make sure i put my vote in for you as the next keynote speaker of the annual bad cop conference . 
  white privilege . 
  never . 
  when you 're all owned by the same handful of people , yes , there actually is . 
  probably a long time . 
  reddit is a major clinton supporter . 
  just when you think this sub ca n't sink any lower . 
  well protesters did say they hate white people , soooooo ... 
  get this non-narrative fitting shit out of here . 
  ctr shills , downvote him please . 
  make dota great again . 
  the game is all mexicans and other subhumans . 
  it 's terrible . 
  us east my ass . 
  i play on us east . 
  i want to play with us east players . 
  why ca n't i do that ? 
  there is a hack that corrupts demos . 
  no , i will not link you to it . 
  yes , it sucks . 
  why do i get down voted for asking this ? 
  lol  dota 2 in every single way . 
  enjoy the incoming downvotes from the reddit `` peruvian lives matter '' coalition . 
  why ? 
  peru . 
  they are playing from peru . 
  peruvian is n't a race ... ? 
  serious question , why is / r/dota2 so sjw about the servers ? 
  wanting to play with people with similar pings and a common language is apparently hitler . 
  it seriously seems like a `` look how progressive i am , i accept everyone '' circlejerk . 
  wow , you had 3/5 speak english ? 
  what server . . ? 
  wow buddy , i do n't think you could get any further up your own ass if you tried . 
  it 's a game , not a social/political statement tool . 
  there is a huge amount of threads because it 's a huge problem that 's persisted for years . 
  whether peruvian players are worse or rage more is irrelevant , the problem is when you queued on us east/english and get flamed in a language you do n't understand for trying to enjoy a game like it was meant to be enjoyed - through team play . 
   simply banning a group from playing on a certain server due to their ping or language seems odd to me , especially with how little communication beyond pings/chat wheel/basic commands actually matters in pubs . 
  it 's working fantastic for lol , check the numbers . 
  because multiculturalism \u2122, 
  really though , no one knows . 
  valve has refused to region lock the servers for years . 
  most english speaking players have moved on to lol . 
  edit : also , enjoy being called a racist , because peruvian is apparently a race now ? 
  never gon na happen . 
  then peruvians . 
  pick what 's the lesser of two evils for you . 
  i 'm on the boat that this is essentially a very direct fuck you from clg to valve . 
  they know he is cheating and are seeing what it takes for valve to do something . 
  i dunno what subreddit you 're on , but on this one , every thread i 've seen on the topic that has gained some steam has resulted in op being called a racist and mass downvotes . 
  moved to lol . 
  fuck it , let 's burn down charlotte anyway . 
  brooks artis is a disgusting excuse for a human being . 
  i 'm guessing that esea will revamp their experience now that esea is on steam to mirror matchmaking more closely . 
  currently , you have people that do n't belong anywhere near esea in matches . 
  i am guessing when more people join , there will be a better chance of getting matched up with players of your skill level . 
  i am b - with ~ 10 rws and yet i still somehow face a + players ... 
  the more important question is do they have jobs ? 
  so they are on welfare . 
  that makes sense actually . 
  morphling is n't overpowered . 
  what am i looking at here ? 
  him dropping the blade ? 
  i get your point when it comes to investments beyond your home , however your home is an investment . 
  that 's your nest egg . 
  to many people it may even be their retirement . 
  anything that you 're spending $ 200k + on should be an investment . 
  i have always been firmly in the `` keep them banned '' camp , because they very knowingly did what they did and are criminals . 
  however , now that skin betting on matches is all but dead , i do n't really have anything against their sentence being reduced . 
  ultimates just charge too fast man . 
  you should be able to use your ultimate like once or twice a game , not every minute pretty much . 
  still , easily less than 10 % of the whole cheater population is banned . 
  and they 've already jumped to other accounts . 
  buy esea , or do n't complain about cheaters . 
  i wonder if it would be possible to ban windows serial keys . 
  if you want to cheat on the same machine again you 'd need a fresh os install with a new serial key . 
  they made you forget you 're in a constant cheatfest for a second . 
  a few of the mods are cheaters . 
  back in the day a user showed that a couple of the mods were using the same usernames to post on cheating forums . 
  so i guess it 's something that i think is a strong possibility , that no evidence exists for any longer that i know of . 
  all usernames would have been changed obviously . 
  faceit is esea for poor people . 
  you get what you pay for . 
  they claim to be working on a client . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  half of that is valid , half is n't . 
  i only face someone i would call toxic in maybe one out of every 5-6 games . 
  i mean yeah , everyone is going to tell you that you suck , but you do suck . 
  i suck too . 
  we all suck . 
  that 's not being toxic , that 's esea . 
  you fucking suck . 
  of course the userbase takes the game very seriously . 
  that 's what esea is about . 
  good players coming together to have good games against each other . 
  you do n't go to esea to play casually or to play for fun . 
  you go to esea if you play to win and winning is fun for you . 
  so i disagree with you on that . 
  however i fully agree that there currently is not a good option for lesser skilled players . 
  esea has kind of gotten muddied since steam . 
  there is a lot of flux between ranks and players that should n't be playing each other are getting pitted against each other .
