  he is garbage . 
  stewie is over c9 . 
  he was fucking around the whole game . 
  4 on 2 and stewie runs up mid with his knife out into no man 's land . . lolwut ? 
  he would have killed him 10 times over with a 5-7 . 
  shroud and n0thing maybe , but stewie and autimatic have both been pretty vocal about being relevant in the competitive scene . 
  only an idiot tries to hammer a nail with a screwdriver when he has a hammer on his belt . 
  imo , mouse sensor plays a much bigger part than in-game sensitivity . 
  i play on a zowie , but have wanted to try switching and have tried the new deathadder , new logitech mice , etc , and i play like a silver on all of them . 
  cs : go is about precision and the new sensors are so sensitive that the tiniest movement can shift you away from a headshot . 
  also the marketed dpi on every mouse is just an estimate , the actual dpi is somewhat different . 
  for example , i tried 2.0@400 on a zowie , a deathadder , a g403 and a g-pro and a side to side mousepad slow swipe took me further on all three mice other than the zowie . 
  nothing . 
  i work to be able to afford to do nothing . 
  because na stream highlights are much better content for the front page , amirite ? 
  the demo system is broken so you can cheat relatively worry free . 
  try it out , it 's fun . 
  if valve did n't want me to cheat , they would fix their game . 
  yeah but peep these gloves man . 
  how exactly is the fitness industry thriving so hard that every steroid bro of instagram is able to afford a ferrari by being the owner of nutragenobolics nutritions . 
  there is no way that each of these small supplement companies has such a large customer following . 
  nor is there a way that there are so many stupid people that think that the owner/athletes actually got that way using supplements . 
  i mean each of these companies has exactly the same lineup of underdosed bullshit - preworkout , bcaas and some sort of intraworkout boost drink . 
  side note : i never thought i would think of rich piana as a role model for anything , but finally someone who is pretty open about `` yeah , these are steroids , here is my cycle '' rather than `` omg take shredz and git shred '', 
  right , but is n't there enough information everywhere on the internet for even the most basic human to know it 's bullshit ? 
  i have money for esea . 
  esea * is * counter strike , as far as anyone who matters is concerned . 
  mm is a meme that gets worse each year . 
  gambling is back and is once again the king of everything . 
  just toss that $ 500 on a roulette somewhere , its the only profit you will see . 
  no matter what , the bot is always faster than you . 
  so then we have two equally shitty , just slightly different teams . 
  it 's like the na scene revolves around page clicks and views , not tournament results . 
  makes sense though , that reward money is shit . 
  you missed the point of my post completely . 
  valve could n't care less about counter strike . 
  it 's a self sustaining money farm . 
  mm is by nature a running meme , due to valve 's complete indifference to the state of the game . 
  mm is a fuck around playground . 
  you ca n't take something that haphazardly slapped together seriously . 
  if you care about playing cs , you play esea . 
  high quality content . 
  gon na save this comment and hold you to it . 
  fuck them and fuck trade bots . 
  also if your college savings are in the form of cs : go skins , you probably do n't deserve to go to college . 
  calm down satan . 
  full hype train engaged ? 
  new operation , with vac update and santorini in the reserve pool ? 
  new case ? 
  inb4 minor text fixes . 
  still holding out hope for doppler/tiger tooth butterflies . 
  edit : not saying it was all me , but it was all me !, 
  i called the knife finishes !, 
  who wants to know their future ? 
  these memes are fire when you 're blacked out at a bar . 
  omg someone help me . 
  sometimes , i wish the real hitler would come back , just so i could show a random hippie who believes this shit just how retarded they are . 
  in other findings , water believed to be wet . 
  more at 11 . 
  prime does nothing . 
  no idea what these have been selling for , but message me once you decide on a price , i 'm in the market for one . 
  it 's hilarious how easy it is to tell what comments on this post are made by men and what are made by women . 
  `` no one cheats in cs : go '' - / r/globaloffensive, 
  stat track will make it harder to sell , but still , decent pull . 
  i mean it 's hella green , try selling it first . 
  you can always trade bot it back . 
  ohhhh , thats why there are n't any anywhere . 
  when do they become tradeable ? 
  semphis is cancer to every team he has ever been on . 
  if the south is such an awful redneck shithole as reddit claims , why are people from northern and midwestern states moving there in droves ? 
  much of south carolina is just southern ohio nowadays . 
  we 're like 400 years overdue for a crusade . 
  we do n't even have to go over there this time , we can just nuke them from a distance . 
  the pope needs to get his shit together . 
  i did n't call anyone violent ? 
  i just said i want to exterminate the region . 
  this is a funny video considering rl is the guy who got ibp banned in the first place ... 
  problem solved . 
  doubt it . 
  price manipulation bruh . 
  it 's not security theater it 's a form of job welfare for poor and uneducated and otherwise unemployable people . 
  do n't hate the tsa , hate poor people . 
  it 's not a racket unless you treat it as a legitimate money making opportunity . 
  if you see it as what it is , entertainment , it 's just another industry going about their business . 
  are the amish at it again ? 
  i awp way better when using the huntsman or gut . 
  the quick unscope/scope feels way faster to me . 
  i awp the worst with bowie and falchion . 
  what will they do with that 250 pounds of cocaine ? 
  same with cancer . 
  the money is n't in the cure , it 's in the treatment . 
  treat something perpetually and it 's a never ending cash cow . 
  fun fact : most of the money made off of a drug are made by the people that come * after * the user , not before . 
  prisons , cops , drug testing labs , drug treatment facilities , etc , etc etc. 
  the combined profits of the drug war industry make the drug dealing industry seem puny in comparison . 
  it may be back there in numbers , but not in acceptance and cultural presence . 
  i hope the planet wipes us out before any of this happens , but i highly doubt it . 
  it 's one thing for people to be open about it , it 's another for there to be cocaine accessory ads in magazines and shit . 
  definitely not . 
  circle jerk aside , i truly , truly hope we start exterminating arabs in my lifetime .
