that is pretty much the same situation here . 
  i know quite a few irish people that call it soccer as they use football in reference to gaelic football . 
  we used to have one . 
  before the crash our coffers were mostly filled with money from the property boom . 
  when that dried up we were stuck with a big deficit which we will now have to close with new taxes such as the property one . 
  long term i would prefer higher corporation tax because i want a high tax country with excellent services but short to medium term our economy could n't handle it . 
  also afaik france has lower effective corporation tax than ireland . 
  completely agree . 
  i hate all the people complaining about the property tax and water charge . 
  how else are we supposed to pay for everything ? 
  most people i know acknowledge our part in the financial crisis . 
  i saw this yesterday . 
  it is a slideshow irish tech startup guide . 
  we are '' neutral '' in ireland . 
  my sister has been practicing for her aural exam and every time i hear '' leigh anois go curamach '' it puts me on edge . 
  do n't ask for tea . 
  our tea is much better . 
  maybe we could get some money instead . 
  nice and sunny in dublin at the moment . 
  his anger is completely justified . 
  ireland sort of has 3 names actually . 
  \u00c9riu , banba and f\u00f3dla . 
  the first one just became the primary name and the others are never really used . 
  i think at the moment one of the main topics of conversation in ireland is the disturbing lack of knowledge some members of the senate have about the internet . 
  http://www.broadsheet.ie/2013/03/06/fidelma-the-frape-tape/ this spoof of it is pretty funny : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=uhoi5zum2ek, 
  delicious piri piri chicken . 
  i 'm tired and my hair hurts ( i do n't know  .  ) so i will be going back to bed soon . 
  when i eventually get up i will probably have scrambled eggs . 
  there are quite a lot of different accents in ireland . 
  sometimes i think people from cork are speaking a different language . 
  christ i love tea . 
  i actually ca n't imagine not having 10 cups a day . 
  i was under the impression that he is a secularist . 
  the way this country is i would n't be surprised if he was very constrained with regards to what he can actually change . 
  it will no doubt take time to shake the church off our schools . 
  i hav n't been to mass in quite a few years now but last time i went there were several black priests . 
  nobody wants to be a priest here anymore so they need to be imported . 
  i have faith in ruairi quinn . 
  he seems to be a somewhat decent minister . 
  207 on upc . 
  same here . 
  i gave in and went downstairs to watch on the tv . 
  well we have come this far . 
  a few more hours wo n't hurt . 
  i could go downstairs and watch it on the tv but its freezing and my bed is so warm . 
  is the stream skipping around for anyone else ? 
  i might skip my early lectures to get back lost sleep . 
  agreed . 
  i normally fall asleep watching the d\u00e1il but this is very interesting . 
  i think i will stick to irish beef . 
  few naggins . 
  now i will see a pint every time i see it lol . 
  i think it would look better if the hotel that was planned to go behind it had been built . 
  i ca n't make up my mind about the convention centre . 
  some days i like it other days i want it gone . 
  not to mention the massive oil fund you have . 
  that should keep you going for quite a while . 
  if you want a community based sport look at gaa . 
  i mostly agree , but a small part of me ca n't help but feel like it is a possibility . 
  i meant more that they could schedule the referendum for longer down the line . 
  this may be something that labour would rather have closer to the election as it is well know they are pushing for it rather than fg . 
  it might put them in a slightly better light when they need it . 
  as they say '' an irish solution '' . 
  i would like to think so but given the ability of our politicians to put things on the long finger ... 
  well a majority support it , as do most political parties . 
  it will discussed at the constitutional convention quite soon so might not be as long as you think . 
  hopefully ireland is n't too far behind . 
  does n't matter . 
  the government are looking at selling off our forests in ireland as well . 
  hopefully they wo n't do it as they have been told it will cost us money in the long run . 
  i had great fun doing this in school . 
  damn blasphemy law  :o, 
  i hope labour can get it pushed through even if certain fg members are less than willing . 
  hopefully it will be addressed at the constitutional convention . 
  we were starting to become net contributors before the crises hit . 
  i do n't know how true this is but as far as i know we have a lower advertised tax rate than countries like france but effective tax is not lower due to grants etc. 
  the norman lords adopted the way of life of the native gaelic chiefs . 
  so they ended up speaking the language , marrying into native families etc. 
  the normans became essentially irish themselves . 
  '' more irish than the irish themselves '' is a phrase you often hear . 
  ireland had to be reconquered long after that . 
  still not great though . 
  no problem . 
  if you are interested his continental incarnation is called lugos . 
  the name of a celtic god . 
  we kind of want it but at the same time it is such a mess up there we are happy for you to keep it . 
  apparently michael fassbender is working on a c\u00fa chulainn movie , so maybe t\u00e1in b\u00f3 c\u00faailnge could be the story it is based on . 
  true enough . 
  i will give it a go eventually , i just have so many books to get through at the moment . 
  i do n't know how true this is but i heard funding has at last been secured for the film . 
  ca n't believe it took this long considering there are so many fans around the world . 
  for ireland i think the four major cycles are probably some of the most important pieces of literature we have . 
  the mythological cycle , the ulster cycle , the fenian cycle and the cycles of the kings the are great sources for understanding our history , albeit with a bit of a christian slant , but nonetheless important . 
  i have had ulysses sitting on my desk for over a year now and still have n't managed to pick it up . 
  everything i have heard about it makes it a daunting task to undertake . 
  ca n't mention joyce without bringing up dubliners . 
  dracula by bram stoker is another one worth mentioning . 
  i agree to a certain extent . 
  there is defiantly similarities between our culture but i do n't think it is fair to say that we are essentially the same . 
  this may just be my inherent nationalism but i do n't think so .
