  i ca n't recall the specifics of his plan -- it 's nearly 01:00 here and i 'm tired -- but it would be interesting to see how similar it is to what the dutch are doing . 
  also i may be able to add to this after i wake up in the morning . 
  lol . 
  i think the movie sharknado aired when i first made my account . 
  i 'm curious , why does a dutch person choose that username ? 
  :( maybe pope francis will declare a crusade for isis ? 
  c'mon the 10th/11th/12th ... er whatever-th time is the charm !, 
   hover your mouse over it . 
  oh that 's awesome . 
  european empire , royal state of lithuania . 
    do n't worry , it 's just a crisis , not end of the western world . 
  we lived through worse times than this . 
  yeah i figured . 
   they 're not wrong . 
  : / yeah i also figured . 
  if you 're curious about an american 's perspective on immigration from mexico and central america , it has n't really affected me . 
  i know in my city several years ago there was an illegal immigrant from mexico who shot and killed a police officer after the officer responded to the immigrant 's wife 's call and report of domestic domestic abuse . 
  that guy was caught and given the death penalty but he killed himself shortly after getting into prison . 
  my representative occasionally goes on tirades about `` huntsvillians being slaughtered in the streets by illegals '' when he speaks in congress because of this one incident . 
  at the republican national convention they had a video about the families of people who had been killed by illegal immigrants to rally support for trump 's mass deportation idea and the wall . 
  i think that illegal immigration from latin america is n't as much of a problem compared to the migrant crisis mainly because of the fact that there 's not as much of a cultural difference between latin america and the us as there is between the middle east and europe . 
   check my flair for me it 's just showing an eu flag lol . 
  i 'll check out the video in a second . 
  yeah over here we get a lot of mixed messages . 
  media has been allowed to be partisan since the '80s so right wing radio stations and tv ( fox ) and youtube channels say that europe is on the brink of destruction and being islamized while the left says literally nothing is happening and this is good for europe . 
  personally i am for the us accepting unhcr recommended refugees because we have an extensive background check process and cultural orientation classes that lasts around 18 months before they can come here . 
  however i have heard some people on reddit say the migrant crisis is leading to rising crime in some areas of europe . 
  * blushes * whoops yeah . 
  i 'm curious , what country do you live in and how has it affected you ? 
  obviously it has n't affected us much cause of the atlantic making it difficult to get here from syria . 
  true . 
  i am really glad i was n't born in iran or saudi arabia or another country where homosexuality is punishable by death . 
  i do n't think i could have made it to 18 there . 
  i would have been killed or i would have committed suicide . 
  i hope lgbt middle easterners can find more accepting places to live . 
  that 's just barbaric . 
  i live in alabama and that would n't even happen here . 
  i knew it !, 
  that 's just fucking horrific . 
  * checked again * me : `` oh , so they have . '', 
  to all french redditors , happy 14th !, 
  y' all are awesome !, 
  so france is basically procrastinating ? 
  mhm . 
  they did it on their own to meet eu standards for something . 
  i know they won the ig nobel prize in economics for that . 
  ig nobel prizes are awarded for ignoble accomplishments . 
  italy does the same thing . 
  yeah i definitely do n't want that . 
  it would n't be eurovision . 
  i think eurovison plus one guest could work though . 
  only if they sing a song about the holocaust . 
  sweet . 
  i made a brit very excited when i mentioned in one comment that the uk would probably get a whole lot of votes from us if we ever got an entry . 
  so maybe one country to lobby for us ? 
  curious , would you approve of other former colonial nations joining eurovison either as guests or as recurring entries ? 
  such as canada , new zealand , the us or argentina , or brazil ? 
  not trying to be snarky just curious . 
  i would n't want to see america every year but if there was a rotating guest spot i 'd be happy . 
  absolutely there are plenty of americans of irish descent who would vote for ireland specifically for that reason . 
  i feel like the americans who care about eurovision now like the songs and would vote that way . 
  if it aired on a major network then that would open it up to people who would vote for the countries they like or are descended from . 
  oh i feel like that could happen . 
  maybe there 's a secret american or brit working there ? 
  i feel like someone may have done that intentionally . 
  i would write in love love peace peace this november . 
  if it gets me bbc and the iplayer i may consider it . 
  yes you seriously would . 
  if it aired on nbc , cbs , abc , or fox there would be so many people watching and i have a feeling you would get a lot of votes just for being the most familiar country for a lot of viewers . 
  as an american if we ever get an entry , i feel there should be checks put in place to make it a more obscure performer or group . 
  no superstars or anything . 
  i also feel like the uk would get a whole lot of televotes . 
  i would go back in time and stop the revolution from happening right now so i could have bbc commentary rather than these bitches at logo . 
  oh fuck they 're doing accents now !, 
  i have comcast . 
  this shitty channel is only in sd . 
  yeah . 
  this is how i 've been watching . 
  yes that would have been nice . 
  you american ? 
  when i went to the live stream it was region blocked . 
  i assumed it was because of the licensing agreement . 
  they 're idiots . 
  i guess this is what we deserve for not caring until now . 
  it 's almost like not every country in europe speaks english . 
  yes . 
  it is tv . 
  first american channel to get licensing rights here . 
  it 's specifically for lgbt people . 
  any americans here watching on logo ? 
  i hate our commentators !, 
  for any one not in the us , when they were introducing the countries , they referred to armenia as the kim kardashian country ... 
  did n't they call it 1944 and use tatar partially ? 
  and ultimately resulted in germany being invaded on the east by the ussr and on the west by the us , the uk , and the free french ( as well as other allies that i have n't mentioned . ), 
  it resulted in the suicides of the highest tiers of the german government , the loss of german manufacturing capabilities for years , and the split of the country for nearly half a century . 
  i think this has caused most germans to be inherently averse to those ideas . 
  it 's sorta like the idea that you can ragequit on the union if an election does n't turn out how you want it to in my country . 
  the south tried that because they were scared shitless that lincoln would abolish slavery so they tried to create a new shittier america that would have the right to own slaves guaranteed by its constitution . 
  those traitors got their asses kicked and their homes occupied for several years before the northerners got bored of actually trying to reeducate people into thinking that racial harmony could bring us a more perfect union . 
  long story short secessionists here talk a big game but never have the gall to go through with it .
