damn , i 'm having an off day . 
  i did n't see that you had quoted him and that he had changed it afterwards . 
  anyways , have . 
  a nice weekend eurofriend . 
  oh , just disproving special snowflake people with actual snowflakes . 
  btw you misspelled special as spacial . 
  whoops . 
  i did n't mean to link there . 
  they did in fact find two identical snowflakes and i corrected the article . 
  thanks buddy . 
  [ two identical snowflakes were found in 1988 . 
  ] ( http://mentalfloss.com/article/20296/it-true-no-two-snowflakes-are-alike ) so no . 
  though there are stateless people , i guess you could say where they were from as far as place goes . 
  nationality is a lot easier when it comes to countries with an ipso facto citizenship , like most nations in the americas . 
  can anyone motion for no confidence ? 
  but seriously what are the differences between the american and british freedom of information acts ? 
   largest party , and leader of the opposition how does that happen ? 
  did they get more popular after the election ? 
  the revolution was one of the biggest dramas in history . 
  cult of reason . 
  stabbed to death in bathtub . 
  it 's almost as crazy as the defenestration of prague . 
  they released the result of their election too early . 
  serious question . 
  when you say suspended sentence , what does that mean ? 
  does france not have an overcrowding problem in their prisons ? 
  that 's a big problem in america , especially in california . 
  little homework . 
  one of the best educational systems in the world . 
  also perkele . 
  satwcomic.com patrick star knows finland 's name . 
  lol so uh is this like the french version of / r/murica ? 
  what will the immigration rules be ? 
  yeah . 
  earlier this year my school system made the incredibly poor decision of sending us to school when it was snowing really heavily . 
  the superintendent visited our school that day and 5 freshmen got detention for booing him when they saw him and throwing stuff at him . 
  i 'd kinda like the yankees to show us what to do on one hand , but on the other i also really like snow days . 
  mhm . 
  yeah it must be really awful . 
  it made me sad to think about how awful slavery was here when i remembered the antebellum homes . 
  they 're very beautiful and the gigantic front porches were a clever way to evade the heat , but you ca n't ignore the fact that it was only possible due to slavery . 
  i 'm just really glad that we lost the america civil war and it 's all over now . 
  oh my favourite part of living in north alabama is the seasonal tornados every spring and fall . 
  those are the best . 
  / s oh and i also really like it when the city does n't have any salt for the roads whenever it snows down here , so any snow at all can shut down much of the city . 
  yeah we get used to it down here . 
  now every building has ac . 
  in the south we have a saying that `` ac is what tamed the south . '', 
  before electricity , the plantation owners here had houses built with gigantic front porches designed in a way that it would provide shade and a bit of a breeze during the summer . 
  though plantation owners were of course the elite here , so regular people and slaves pretty much had to deal with it all day . 
  then after the civil war we got stuff like ceiling fans and gigantic blocks of ice that could be brought into town which made summers a bit better . 
  that 's as far as i know about how us southerners dealt with the heat before ac . 
  i can not imagine living in a time before ac though . 
  the south is also very humid which makes 37/38 + temps feel like they 're even higher and you get sticky when you go outside . 
  i honestly can not remember a summer that i have lived through where the local police have n't issued a warning about the heat at least once during the summer . 
  typically they just remind people to try to stay indoors and be properly hydrated , do n't let children or the elderly go outside without proper supervision and make sure to check on them , keep all domestic animals inside or at least make sure they have a constant supply of water and do not leave them tied up , etc. 
  in the southern us where i am we spend a good chunk of the summer above 37 or 38 c. 
  personally i ca n't believe how quickly we started trading with you again . 
  even after george washington warned us of the dangers of foreign alliances !, 
  can you imagine what my country would be like if we did get involved in alliances ... oh . 
  well early american politics was pretty fun while it lasted . 
  well it 's the 1783 treaty of paris that made y' all recognise us amongst other things . 
  fun fact : that treaty is still in effect even though all terms except one are no longer relevant or in effect . 
  the only term that is still in effect is the uk recognising the us as an independent country . 
  yeah . 
  i bet they went to other people 's countries and dug holes in their beaches . 
  both of which also sound like the american south . 
  the netherlands sounds very nice . 
  the international federation of soccer in iraq and syria ? 
  hello fellow american who knows something about europe . 
  i too know things about the mother continent of approximately 70 % of our population . 
  do you wish to exchange information ? 
  columbus day is technically a holiday here but it 's observance really varies . 
  i did n't get let out of school for it . 
  usually people remember columbus day when they see sales from furniture and mattress stores . 
  i do n't know how many people have replied to you with this , but you need to replace farage with geert wilders . 
  not the ones who actually have an ancestry to trace !, 
  i typically only see people try to claim irish ancestry on st. patrick 's day . 
  i know how far removed i am . 
  my paternal grandfather 's dad 's family is from ireland . 
  ( do n't know where because when we looked at the census papers for our earliest irish ancestors they said `` ireland '' and nothing else when asked where their parents were from . ), 
  we have more italian ( specifically sicilian ) ancestry because my paternal grandfather 's mother was the first american in her family as both of her parents immigrated here from sicily , italy . 
  we make a bigger deal about that because we look like the italians . 
  grandad had jet black hair and olive skin ( had because it is now grey ) . 
  dad does too and so do i by some quirk ( my younger brothers have lighter skin and brown and blond hair ) . 
  i only bring up my irish side whenever i joke about waging war against the uk for northern ireland as i have a `` weak claim '' on it and it can be pressed in the case of a female ruler . 
  to clarify , i never said i was in support of romney 's plan . 
  two , my state -- alabama -- actually did attempt this . 
  i believe the law allowed for racial profiling , criminalised hiring illegals whether it was known or not , it also criminalised anyone who aided them . 
  this law has had a disastrous effect on our economy and thus the stats has all but totally repealed it . 
  three , i know a few mexican americans who live here . 
  they are all very nice . 
  and though where they live is their choice , i would n't trade them . 
  that is most certainly true . 
  i guess if a country wanted to ensure that syrian refugees `` self-deport '' they would just bed to start a civil war that 's even more brutal than syria 's . 
  something tells me that would worsen the global refugee crisis though . 
   afaik , we ( the netherlands ) is attempting to not make life too comfortable for the refugees/immigrants . 
  interesting . 
  in the united states , mitt romney ( gop presidential nominee in 2012 ) proposed `` self-deportation '' to deal with mexican immigrants who came to the us illegally . 
  the media described it as `` making life so miserable here for an illegal/undocumented immigrant that they choose to return home '' .
