  this is [ transit ] ( http://komfort49.info/img6/ford_transit_5.jpg ), 
  this . 
  was in aliados a few minutes ago . 
  there 's a tank , a jet , an helicopter , boats and even dudes teaching you how to dive with gear . 
  will do . 
  thanks , 
  my birthday too !!, 
  ~ ~ rip to inviting people to my birthday party . 
  isis really does n't know when to stop ... it 's like they gain something out of this . 
  i know , right ? 
  you would think that someone who would go to the trouble of doing this would have ... oh . 
  it 's not the original picture . 
  forget what i said . 
   gotten enough from our gold already !? 
  not anymore . 
  magnifico is used , but mostly in lisbon and such . 
  portugal is missing it 's legs . 
  i 'll get my fat friends and we 'll find you ... 
  france 's is the best one . 
  truly , a symbol of power . 
  nein , my friend . 
  i 'm an english major tho . 
   but yeah , this part `` the effect has n't been determined '' is bothering me a bit . 
  i might not be the best guy to talk about computer science , however , from what i read here , the consequence 's of may 's acts are quite restricted . 
  only a few outcomes exist . 
  may needs some cyberman on her ass . 
  ~ ~ got the pun ? 
  known as cause and effect in these parts of the world . 
  agree ~ ~ as i try to hide portugal 's drone fail ~ ~, 
  you 're taking the piss , are n't you ? 
  the author is saying that if x happens , y will soon follow . 
  it 's not speculation , it 's fact . 
  you finding examples does n't discredit my affirmation . 
  the meme came from somewhere after all . 
  i sure hope not ... 
  but yeah , if they 're not particularly good in school , then they would most likely not be interested in finding accurate dates . 
  you 'd have to be a moron not to know that portugal is n't a part of spain and yet ... 
  there 's people for everything . 
  not saying older civilizations do n't exist !, 
  just that ancient greece is actually old . 
  most people nowadays think that ancient greece was 500 ~ years ago ( obviously not talking about people who studied the topic even a bit ) . 
  that and i think it 's cultural importance offsets the age part a bit . 
   would be far better off if only that applied to everything in life ... 
  that would be the case if france set their aim anywhere near rome ... :d, 
  yup . 
  saw some others both times i went to paris but that 's the most `` central '' one i know . 
  it was almost 200y ago . 
  better not try again with the new tech involved ... 
  to be truthful , when one thinks of `` ancient greece '' , it word `` old '' does n't really come to mind for some reason . 
  only when you see that it 's actually really old does you go `` oh yeah , i can see why . . '', 
  knew i would find you ( / u/olympios-zeus ) here . 
  xd but yeah , i assume it 's something the chinese came up with since i , too , was n't familiar with the concept . 
  yeah . 
  here in portugal or at least in porto ( avenida dos aliados ) they installed a code lock on the bathroom door and you can only get said code on your receipt . 
  in portugal ( the whole country ) , every menu 's around 5 $ -6.5 $ + 0.50 $ if you want the large menu . 
  you got a mcdonalds right in the middle of champs elysees , that 's easy enough to find , i think . 
  depends on the mcdonals your friend went . 
  the portuguese cheeseburger is good but the parisian one is bomb . 
  that said , it might have been because most if not all do n't have `` fat size '' , 
  it sounded a lot like '' \u304b\u3053 '' - past . 
  '' \u03bc\u03b9 '' also sounds like '' \u3046\u307f '' - sea . 
  they do n't have matching meanings but i found it funny that the pronunciation was so similar . 
  i mean , i want everyone to prosper . 
  i just want greece to prosper more than the rest because of the reasons i 've listed and because having a country with such a high amount of cultural importance/etc in the shit holes would inside such feelings in just about everyone ...  but it is also difficult to learn . 
  i happen to have noticed that already ... tho for some reason i 'm finding a lot of words that are quite similar to japanese ones ... 
  i mean , it 's more about the situation of the country than anything tbh ... 
  the money thing i mentioned is something that can be remedied with enough preparation ( i 'll be going on an interrail next year and i 'm planning on staying the most day out of the trip in greece so wish me luck  ) . 
  also , i 'm not that big into politics but i think that talking about what 's wrong with your own country is always a good thing . 
  my problem is that greece is in bad condition = citizens will be in low spirits = i 'll be in low spirits when i get there . 
  but enough about bad stuff , i say !, 
  i 'm sure everyone 's welcoming enough for me to love it . 
  :p ps : gon na start learning greek this summer ... let 's hope i know enough when i get there . 
  no need to apologize xd, 
  i 'm probably not the right person to answer that question ... 
  i was around 11 or 12 in 2008 and the employment rate of that year was n't something i had to know for anything . 
  : / but yeah , greece recovering means that i can travel there with less concerns about atm 's and such ... 
  it 's never nice to want to enjoy the culture of a country and having to be mindful of money , even when you know you have it , at the same time ... :|, 
  gon na be honest , i hope it 's something good . 
  literally dafuq ? 
  again , probably something like `` because it 's not made in italy '' , 
  i 've never heard anyone saying this but for some reason i laughed xd seeing this after hearing the opposite for years is refreshing :d, 
  `` it is n't * true * lasagna . '', 
  is the likely reply . 
   how angry do you feel that the spanish straight up took the name of the peninsula for themselves ? 
  not very . 
  :| i 'm talking about straight up the same name . 
  if my country was called hispania by others , then so be it . 
  what matters is what we call ourselves , which , i suppose , is what the fyrom ppl feel . 
  i guess the statue/etc thing is n't that conspicuous ... 
  i 100 % get what you 're saying but romania is n't the same as rome . 
  the macedonia is kinda different . 
  you do n't have a `` republic of rome '' near you , do you ? 
  tbh we should slow down more ... 
  it * is * lasagna . 
  it 's just that the quality is n't what one would call good . 
  our blood clots appreciate it . 
  i died at `` lasanha do lidl '' . 
  xd the spinach one is bomb tho . 
  i might be wrong and this might not be totally correct but it 's the gist of the things from what i know :  greece , the country that introduced europe to comedy and tragedy , now leads its european community partners into a shameful diplomatic farce . 
  it 's all in the name of the name of macedonia .
