  or rather , of two macedonias . 
   one macedonia is a tiny , democratic and unthreatening former yugoslav republic wedged between albania , bulgaria , greece and serbia . 
  it has no army and desperately seeks to distance itself from a widening balkan war . 
  it proclaimed itself independent last november . 
  but its hopes for recognition have been frustrated by athens . 
   greece 's objection ? 
  that only the other macedonia , a region of northern greece , is entitled to use the name . 
  [ edit ] : just read this again and the article is kinda tearing into greece ... :|, 
  can someone please explain to me why did they even start using the macedonia name ? 
  cause even i would be pissed as hell if out of nowhere spain started calling itself portugal just because they had some of our territories a few hundred years ago ... 
  eh , changing the official name should do it . 
  after some years everyone will start using the new name instead . 
  at most people will use `` former macedonia '' or something and event then that 's kinda good , cause it 's saying it 's not macedonia anymore , sorta ... : |, 
  perhaps when they ca n't remember you anymore . 
  yo op , thanks for potentially starting ( sorta ) one of the best trends this sub will ever see !, 
  yeah , tho in portugal you can get plenty of good stuff for around 5 $ / 7 $ ~ you just kinda need to know where those stores/restaurants/etc are , which can be a challenge if you 're new to the country , or porto in my case . 
  god bless you . 
  the scary thing is that that it 's quite possible ... 
   it 's a bit sad , because as always the more rules you add , the more you spend time thinking about the rules instead of doing actual work , but if those guys ca n't be reasonable with what they 're given , then fuck it . 
  more like , the more you think about rules , the more you have to think of how to fail-proof them aka think of ways they can fail and update that specific law . 
  damn ... 
  donald o'trump conan o'brian ~ ~ who knew ~ ~, 
  true . 
  but yeah , silva is a surname i find more often than not . 
  if it 's the second part of my post , then yeah , i can . 
  xd do note , however , that i said `` almost every surname '' . 
  can confirm portugal 's . 
  ~ ~ i 'm enough proof . ~ ~ also , is it just me or am i the only one who can think of 1 or 2 famous people for almost every surname ... ? 
  manner of speech xd, 
  bottom line , so many teams change their players on a monthly basis , sometimes , that i just stopped bothering ... 
  lol ps : fuck benfica pss : just kidding ~ ~ psss : not really ~ ~, 
  porto . 
  and the thing with this is that because they keep changing players every season plus me having next to no spare time , and o only know of some players and the `` new '' coach that comes every othe month ... 
  probably . 
  even worse since i played for them till i was 16 . xd, 
  a decade ago everyone knew a crapload of important names in football . 
  now , i barely know who plays on my home team . 
  [ do n't worry france , you 're not alone . 
   ] ( http://www.nationalstereotype.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/jokes-about-portuguese-stereotypes-2.jpg ), 
  come one , i 'm not even french and i know everyone has a curly mustache !!, 
  same, 
  now i want a team on fifa with all these great players ... 
  seems like he got it backwards ... 
  i do n't understand . 
  send help . 
  french , german , spanish , sorta japanese ( if you count almost a decade of watching raw anime + 1y of classes ) and i 'm working on my chinese because i 'll be taking a second degree + masters . 
  it 'll be a chinese major and jap minor . 
  i would n't say italian because , while i understand it just fine , i do n't know enough to hold a proper conversation . 
  about the greek thing . 
  after reading some stuff here on reddit , i feel like greece is like portugal was almost a decade ago . 
  every portuguese will say that the country is shot , has no future and is in decay , but come some foreigner talking crap about it and it 's raise the pitchforks . 
  that said , i 'm pretty sure the portuguese and the greek are n't the only who feel/behave this way . 
  :3 ps : i 'm currently an english major and spanish minor ( not to insult the spanish but i should have gone with a french minor ... < . < ), 
  i know around 7-ish languages and my next one 's greek . 
  gon na try to squeeze in latin if i find enough use for it . 
  italian is a bit ehh , because since i 'm portuguese , i can sorta understand it a bit . 
  like 20 % / 30 % + / - why am i bothering with learning so many languages before i 'm 20 , you ask ? 
  well , portugal sorta fucked ( not so much anymore ) . 
  a guy needs to open his horizons xd shame my first pick , greece , is even more fucked than us ... second pick is cagliari . 
  all this bullshit is making me wan na tear my hair out !, 
  on one hand i wan na live in those places , on the other , me living there means that portugal more or less turned into a black hole . 
  that 's greece for me . 
  that said , sardegna 's dope as hell . 
  needs more gold . 
   * former greek prime minister constantine mitsotakis dies * - * former * ???? 
  everyone needs to go at some point ... even when they 're not ready ... 
  it 'll be a shame if they `` ban '' them in the near future , if it does come to that point . 
  cause i would n't be able to use my cheap ass `` keep the change '' anymore . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , that could probably apply for everyone that is n't actual royalty . 
  on everyone that , on the other hand , * is * ... yeah . 
  i think touillen is trying to say that those `` exceptions '' are n't always exceptions . 
  good on you tho . 
  diversity is always a good thing . 
  wait ... why am i seeing you again , posting the same thing ? 
  it is . 
  we ca n't go to brazil . 
  they do n't have any gold left . 
  well , i would n't say we do n't have any rival nations , when na 's right on the other side of the ocean , tho they 're not `` rivals '' per se . 
  that said , yeah , greece is in a pretty ehh spot . 
  you 're kinda making it harder on everyone than you have any right to ... 
  and ? 
  if each produced things the other needs , what 's your point ? 
  portugal sorta does , but it 's nowhere near greece . 
  yeah !, 
   i do n't see why ancestry should matter as much as present culture . 
  this made me chuckle lol . 
  there 's no such thing as true `` present culture '' . 
  culture can only be considered such after a * long * time . 
  why do you think people say that the americans ( north ) do n't have a culture . 
  that 's because most of the stuff they have came from europe with the people who went there . 
  also it does matter , ancestry is what defines what you currently are . 
  while i do n't agree with fighting over it , i will say that making sure it does n't disappear is something that should always be done . 
  even more in times where borders are so finicky, 
  op , i hate you ... you just gave me another place to travel to . 
  ;( rip wallet, 
  classics will always be classics . 
  not in my case tbh . 
  just about everyonething i write in every class is in english . 
  that depends on the size of the land .
