  i know that the uk 's position is also that people wo n't be extradited if they face the death penalty ; however what i 'm advocating is that there should n't be any extradition to countries that use it whether the person will face it or not - primarily as a means of putting pressure on those countries to abandon it . 
  to be quite honest i like the russian approach where extradition of russian citizens from russia to any other country is expressly forbidden by the constitution . 
  the way i see it , countries which do not have the death penalty on their statute books should not extradite to countries which do - under any circumstances . 
  hopefully it would add pressure to finally abolishing state-sanctioned murder . 
  you can be prosecuted in the uk for certain crimes committed abroad if you are a british citizen . 
  that 's a bit too far north for edinburgh is n't it ? 
  looks more like inverness to me . 
  at least they managed to name some of the countries that actually are in europe - rather than australia , iraq and israel . 
  i would too - if [ this photo ] ( http://www.panoramio.com/photo/50021817 ) was an accurate representation of the area . 
  danish crown have a [ virtual tour of one of their high-tech pig slaughterhouses . 
  ] ( http://www.danishcrown.com/page22686.aspx ) it 's interesting to watch and should answer that question . 
  it 's also quite long , detailed and fairly graphic in places . 
  are those problems going on within the borders of the netherlands ? 
  if not , then it 's not within the jurisdiction of the dutch government . 
  animal welfare in the netherlands is within their jurisdiction though . 
  interesting take on the eaw by the telegraph there . 
   ... the eaw , under which anyone in britain can be arrested , jailed and extradited on demand by any eu country without any requirement to produce evidence . 
  of course if it 's presented another equally valid way such as , * ... the eaw , under which anyone in any eu country can be arrested , jailed and extradited on demand by britain without any requirement to produce evidence . 
  * that might not provoke the reaction they are looking for . 
  thank you , 
  thanks , it will be interesting to see what it does become . 
  i suppose there are two ways to look at it . 
  firstly it 's a historical building that can be used for other things - like concerts . 
  on the other hand it 's a prime piece of development property and if it was demolished or converted to other use permanently , then it would make overturning the ban on bullfighting very difficult if there were no suitable venues . 
  are there other bullrings in catalonia or just that one ? 
  how much of a tradition is it in catalonia ? 
  i may be wrong but i 've been led to believe that it 's more of a tradition in central and southern regions than in the north . 
  i wonder what they are intending to do with la monumental . 
  i would assume that it will be converted to other use . 
  thanks . 
  i hope i was n't being pushy - it 's just the sort of thing that i 'd forget . 
  hi again . 
  was wondering whether you had forgotten my [ ulster flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fjzfj.png ) or whether i would have to choose something else . 
  no worries . 
  got it - i took the wikimedia . svg and enlarged the shield in the centre to hopefully make it look more recognisable . 
  i think it looks ok . incidentally , since it 's a provincial flag rather than a national one , i think the hover-text should say ulster rather than northern ireland as it 's more accurate and part of ulster lies outside northern ireland anyway . 
  ok , i 'll get that sorted out . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll look around . 
  is there a preferred file format ? 
  any chance of adding the [ flag of ulster ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_ulster ) to the list ? 
  i 'm from northern ireland and do n't exclusively identify as either irish or british . 
  i 'm a dual national and perfectly happy that way . 
  it 's the historical provincial flag which was flown alongside the irish flag before yesterday 's rugby match against australia ( just thought i 'd mention that ) and does not carry the same political overtones as the more recent [ ulster banner . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulster_banner ) it would hopefully allow redditors from ulster - the counties of antrim , armagh , down , derry , fermanagh , tyrone , donegal , monaghan and cavan - to identify themselves as such without any other implications . 
  scottish , welsh , irish and english redditors can currently pick flags to identify themselves regionally - although i would like to see the provincial flags of connaught , leinster and munster as well - but northern irish redditors do n't currently have that option . 
  in the april 2010 picture she 's actually relating an anecdote about a drunken [ silvio berlusconi ] ( http://www.thefirstpost.co.uk/84568,people,news,italian-pm-silvio-berlusconi-called-angela-merkel-an-unfuckable-lard-arse ) at the 35th g8 summit . 
  no worries . 
  good luck . 
  you just copy and paste the content from the original post here into the text box of another new post . 
  like this one it will be a `` self '' post . 
  the only difference is that when you submit it , type `` unitedkingdom '' ( one word ) into the box where it says `` reddit '' same basic procedure if you want to post it in r/scotland too . 
  may as well leave this one here and just duplicate it . 
  [ r/scotland ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/scotland ) and [ r/unitedkingdom ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom ) might be more appropriate places to post this . 
  someone there might be able to give you better advice on how to proceed with any plan of action . 
  it might be worth contacting private eye as this is the sort of story that they publish and there 's no such thing as bad publicity . 
  he is very rich and controls an unhealthy proportion of the media . 
  i 'm not from malta although i have been there and i do like the country very much , it 's more that i was hoping to take a look at its stats and it was nowhere to be found . 
  that 's not strictly what social exclusion means . 
  it 's more about the existence of social barriers which prevent people from bettering themselves - it can be due to race , religion , gender or being a member of a permanently subjugated underclass where opportunities for self-improvement are not available . 
  this can be due to lack of educational opportunity - so members of that particular social group who could potentially achieve much in life fail to do so because their potential is not recognised and never developed . 
  that 's not strictly a dictionary definition and should n't be taken as being particularly accurate , it 's more a poorly-worded attempt to describe as clearly as possible something that i find quite a vague and all-encompassing concept . 
  malta appears to be missing from the map . 
  this would appear to be nothing more than the sort of moderation that most newspaper sites already implement . 
  perhaps this sort of thing is unusual in sweden , but i find it very rare that any british media site i visit does n't require either that readers log in before commenting or moderate comments before publication . 
  in the case of the bbc they usually do both . 
  it seems unnecessarily sensationalist to describe this as a crackdown - especially when the reporting site employs the same policy . 
   you are not logged in . 
  you must login or register with the washington post to comment or post . 
  if you post before logging in , your comment will be saved while you are guided through the login process . 
  according to the bbc the [ shooting incident has been confirmed , ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-14252515 ) although it would appear the specific details have n't been . 
  about time too . 
  no matter what they might think , priests are not above the law . 
  there has been too much deference to the church on this matter which has allowed them to deal with * unfortunate situations * in-house . 
  high time they were brought to account for their actions and held criminally responsible when appropriate . 
  i think it 's extremely unlikely that there will be a war in europe at any point in the foreseeable future . 
  expansionism is now expressed through corporate rather than military methods . 
  red flower pin ? 
  i do n't see that picture but i am guessing that it 's probably a [ remembrance poppy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/remembrance_poppy ) worn to remember soldiers who have died while in service . 
  they 're sold in the uk from roughly the middle of october until the middle of november to raise funds for charities working with ex-service personnel . 
  at that time of the year they are a very common sight here - you wo n't see many politicians without one . 
  these amazon referral spambots are starting to become a pain . 
  i 've seen them cropping up in numbers in a load of smaller reddits . 
  time to report and see if we ca n't get them deleted . 
  in fairness that 's not a uk blog - the spelling is american rather than english - so they 'd probably have run with any criticism of the building no matter who said it . 
  that 's not to dispute that it 's easier if you lift your quotes from [ a bunch of known liars . 
  it might look better if it was standing in its own grounds rather than attached to another building . 
  i 'd like to see another rendition before i made my mind up . 
  i suspect this may not be the most objective blog on the subject , so i am unwilling to take its commentary at face value . 
  in fact , reading the [ about section ] ( http://www.infiniteunknown.net/about/ ) and the [ solution - what you can do now ] ( http://www.infiniteunknown.net/the-solution-what-you-can-do-now/ ) it makes me think of someone who wears a tin-foil hat . 
  it does make me wonder what would happen if the uk was actually to leave the eu . 
  who would the daily mail blame for future recessions as the country lurched towards international obscurity and irrelevance ? 
  i 'd like to see some citation for the figures mentioned in the article . 
  are al those russians supposed to be practising christians or does it include believers of other faiths as well ? 
  do they all attend services regularly or are people who only attend for special services once a year or whatever included too ? 
  i have a feeling that the figure of 82 % probably refers to the proportion of the population that does not explicitly describe itself as atheist - including those who have a feeling that * there must be something . 
  * edit : worth pointing out that this is in the `` commentary '' section rather than `` news . '', 
   otoh we did elect an openly agnostic president . 
  that 's pretty good going . 
  i think all british prime ministers have paid lip-service to belief in god - with the possible exception of margaret thatcher who believed she was god .
