  the problem in my case is that the word * republican * has overtones when used in connection with northern irish people that it does n't for others in the uk . 
  i 'm perfectly happy being british - or irish for that matter as i 'm comfortable with my status as a dual national - but i think that french and russians dealt with their respective monarchies in the most effective manner . 
  indeed the british did the same thing before either but it was unfortunately restored with charles ii . 
  i ca n't disagree with you there . 
  i just listened to a whole load of national anthems to see whether there were any that i was n't familiar with and are particularly good . 
  unfortunately it has left me with the conclusion that * god save the queen * must be the most boring , pedestrian piece of music ever written . 
  i ca n't think of any european country with a worse anthem . 
  funnily enough i was just wondering about this after watching euro 2012 . 
  i like the idea of the spanish national anthem in that there are n't any words so you end up with a rousing tune rather than some expression of ideology with which you might disagree . 
  i 'm thinking specifically of the uk 's national anthem whose first line is `` god save our gracious queen . '', 
  personally i think the anthem is a mournful dirge anyway and expressing support for a monarchy which i believe should have been abolished years ago does not endear it to me in any way . 
  i 'd like to replace it with sousa 's liberty bell march as that would fit the criteria of being an easily recognised , stirring piece of music with no contentious lyrics . 
  unfortunately it was written by an american , named after an icon of independence from the uk and was used as the theme for monty python 's flying circus so would probably not be eligible for consideration . 
  apart from the spanish anthem , i also find the french and italian national anthems rather stirring but nothing beats the former national anthem of the ussr . 
  honourable mentions also for the national anthems of [ ukraine ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhzhlslhtmm ) , [ belarus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_vhcjrwnbc ) , [ romania ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atziya14uv4 ) and [ bulgaria . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rbmnmso_b8 ), 
  here 's another one that might interest you in that case . 
  [ the repatriation of cossacks to the ussr after wwii . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/repatriation_of_cossacks_after_world_war_ii ), 
  driving laws are most certainly not uniform throughout the eu - for starters ireland , the uk , cyprus and malta drive on the left while everyone else ( i think ) drives on the right . 
  [ speed limits vary from country to country ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speed_limits_by_country ) , german autobahns have unrestricted sections with no speed limit , other countries enforce a national limit . 
  if you were to try to make a left turn ( remember we drive on the left here ) on a red light in the uk you would be booked for going through a red light . 
  [ permitted alcohol levels vary between countries too ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_alcohol_content#legal_limits ) , with some having relatively high limits and others enforcing a zero tolerance approach . 
  penalties vary between jurisdictions with particularly high fines being handed out in the scandinavian countries . 
  [ $ 170,000 speeding ticket ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/3477285.stm ) in finland for an offence that would be fixed points and a # 50 fine in the uk . 
  admittedly that 's an extreme example . 
  i did wonder as i found the idea quite inconceivable . 
  there are desperate people from many nations who wind up in london and end up in very unpleasant situations but i did n't think that could possibly apply to france . 
  problem with the internet is that everything is said straight-faced . 
  i ca n't help but ask why young french people would want to do that . 
  this is a simplistic view but i can understand if people are desperate to escape oppressive regimes that they might take such action , but surely that 's not the case with france . 
  [ sounds like a recipe for anarchy to me . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om_pgkwl3xo ), 
  there are organisations calling for a written uk constitution but the political parties do n't seem to heed their call . 
  there 's no written constitution in the uk guaranteeing the rights of its citizens . 
  the policy is basically that if it 's not explicitly banned by law then it 's perfectly legal . 
  unfortunately that leaves a huge amount of room for laws to be introduced that limit freedoms . 
  the uk is , however , signed up to a large amount of european human rights legislation , so if a law goes to far it can then be challenged in the european courts . 
  that 's what i mean about the eu and europe doing more to protect the rights of british citizens than the uk government ever has . 
  i prefer the community here too , even though many of the stories are the same as in / r/worldnews . 
  i think being a much smaller subreddit helps on that front , there are n't so many voices shouting to make themselves heard . 
  the only circumstance where you 'll be asked to show id at a bar is if you look under-age . 
  that 's how it works in the uk and ireland and i think that 's pretty applicable in most other european countries as well . 
  in that case anything with your date of birth on it will be fine . 
  at the moment there 's no requirement to carry identification papers with you in the uk or ireland nor , to the best of my knowledge , in the rest of the eu . 
  others will know better what the situation is in other countries . 
  beautiful country , annoying alcohol sales laws . 
  although i did like the people in the spar shop at 17:55 on a saturday in bergen who all stood aside so i could get my beer bought . 
  let 's not . 
  i 'd be only too happy to see a series of civil protests across western europe . 
  it 's high time the politicians were reminded who they are supposed to be representing . 
  austerity measures for those affected by the economic crisis , bail-outs for the bastards who caused it . 
  little wonder people are pissed-off , they have every right to be . 
  you mean like in the uk , where nearly all the previously nationally-owned utility companies are now owned by foreign corporations ? 
  i 'm not sure it 's their editorial stance rather than an individual columnist 's opinion . 
  waghorne is an odious right-wing reactionary and it 's fairly typical that he would come out with something like this . 
  i did think that but it makes me laugh anyway . 
  not sure about sending foodstuffs within the eu . 
  there was something in the news a while ago about [ denmark objecting to marmite . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-13536479 ) perfectly reasonable imho - it tastes like shit . 
  it works on the irish too , but without the dracula pills and skulls . 
  damn space aliens , coming over here and stealing our photons . 
   many of those who arrive in norway have the wrong background or education , and several norwegian employers choose to rather hire people from scandinavia or eastern europe , madsen explains in a press release . 
  that 's how i read it too , that many of the southern europeans turning up in norway were n't as well suited , for whatever reason , to the positions they were applying for as locals are . 
  would norway 's non-membership of the eu play a part here too ? 
  is there some sort of employment agreement resulting from their membership of the nordic council which would result in favouring employment of nationals of fellow member states over other europeans ? 
  i 'm a dual national irish/british man who has lived in england for over 20 years . 
  oddly enough the longer i 've lived in england , the less i 've thought of myself as british and more as european and irish . 
  so probably : irish -  european -  british in that order, 
  he 's also wearing a pickelhaube and has a string of sausages hanging from his pocket which makes me think he 's supposed to be germany and the artist has got the colours of the flag the wrong way round . 
  it 's also marked on the op 's version as `` german mini-block '' along with switzerland and austria . 
  do n't worry , you seem to be guaranteed 12 points from ireland according to the map . 
  i never knew irish/lithuanian relations were that good . 
  about 1,000 miles east of there . 
  it 's the capital of cyprus . 
  it 's about the same distance as between atlanta ga and montreal . 
  no peeing , but here 's the statue on top of the charity fountain in copenhagen [ squirting water from her nipples . 
  i guess that depends on how much inbreeding went on in the past . 
  on second thoughts i 'd rather not dwell on that . 
  \\* high fives ! \\*, 
  living in the uk i 'm very happy to have a lithuanian deli near me with a huge range of delicious sausages - as well as lithuanian beer . 
  any particular specialities i should look out for there ? 
  in general i mean , not just sausages and beer although i 'd appreciate tips on those too . 
  i suspect this might simply delay the ratification , however germany , cyprus , the netherlands , slovakia and estonia have n't signed it - they 're covered by the eu signature - so i would hope that one of them might throw the spanner in the works . 
  that 's a particular problem with the uk where the conservative party has long idealised american-style capitalism . 
  it has often been said that to imagine the state of british politics in 20 years that you only need to examine the current state of american politics . 
  that notion frightens me . 
  i think the french have something similar , but no such protection exists in the uk . 
  it 's one of the ironies that annoys me when i see our politicians getting up on their back legs and bleating about the eu taking away british rights . 
  the eu has done far more to protect the rights of the british population than our own government ever has . 
  my attitude is that the present political system needs to be ripped out by the throat and replaced with one that favours people over profit . 
  fucked if i know what i 'd replace it with though - i think it was charles bukowski who said that before you bring a system down that you must have something better to replace it with and i 'd agree with that idea . 
  edit : here 's the bukowski quotaion i was thinking of ,  `` before you kill something make sure you have something better to replace it with ; something better than political opportunist slamming hate horse shit in the public park . '', 
  to be perfectly honest i think one of the problems with the uk is its attitude to the us and the so-called * special relationship . 
  * i think it would be in the country 's best interests to put that on the back burner and concentrate on bettering our relationship with our european neighbours . 
  i ca n't see how the current extradition agreement between the uk and the us was meant to help the uk 's citizens in any way whatsoever . 
  it strikes me as acquiescence to american demands and capitulation on the uk 's part . 
  i 'm probably thinking more of recent cases where the level of evidence needed to extradite from the uk is far too low in my opinion . 
  i 'd like to see a uk government use legislation to protect its citizens ' rights for a change . 
  obviously that means one thing within the framework of the eu where european arrest warrants apply and something entirely different beyond that .
