  ah yes , the turncoat bastards who sold out their ideals at the first whiff of power and enabled cameron to become prime minister in the first place . 
  thanks a lot . 
   the big unknown is ukip . 
  thing is that ukip is n't unknown at all . 
  it 's all set out in black and white in their manifesto - at least until farage changes his mind that is . 
  ukip is a libertarian party committed to the free market and private ownership . 
  that 's what the big issue has always been for the leadership ie farage , eu legislation ` interfering with ' business . 
  i 'm just playing - it 's nice to knock ideas and experience around and maybe learn something . 
  we all have assumptions which should be challenged otherwise you live in an echo chamber . 
  they 're welcome to be independent . 
  gauging local opinion - but albertans are generally sick to the back teeth of pandering to quebec . 
  there again you have to bear in mind that alberta is at least a 3 hour flight from quebec . 
  hopefully without sounding like too much of a dick , canada is a really wide country , so distances tend to be measured laterally . 
  few people ever actually go to the real north . 
  which is understandable , because when i looked into visiting iqaluit , it turned out that i could fly to rio de janeiro and back six times for the same price and burn my ass on copacabana beach . 
  internal flights are stupidly expensive in canada - even given the distance . 
  the canadian airlines screw you for what they can get . 
  still cheaper than travelling by rail though !, 
  canada is n't owned by england in any perceivable way at all . 
  the queen is someone on the coins and banknotes , and that 's as far as the kow-towing goes - including outside of quebec . 
  yeah there are some royalists here , but not many and for most it 's a complete non-issue . 
  the only time i 've brought it up since i moved here was when some c ** t originally from dublin told my wife i was n't a real irishman , so i asked him to take his coins out of his pocket and asked him whose head was on them . 
  ` given that you 've moved back into the queen 's domain you ca n't call yourself a real republican either . ', 
  but as far as canadians go - it 's a non-issue . 
  well the whole thrust of the story is that one of the horse-faced royals has been on a boat . 
  beyond that there 's really no story . 
  i 'm not sure i would agree with that theory . 
  it would be simpler to compress the text vertically or put a slight border round it and print it over the photo anyway . 
  on the other hand there 's nothing to say that this version is n't the one that the scum received in the first place , and that they did n't remove the guy from the photo at all . 
  there was no conscription in ireland during wwi , so nobody was actually forced to fight . 
  for some reason the english authorities felt that training lots of irishmen in the military use of weapons was a bad idea , so any irishmen who fought during wwi and also wwii did so as volunteers . 
  not to mention that ireland was neutral during wwii , so irishmen were never forced to fight germans . 
  i do n't think many people would be bitching about belarussians . 
  i 'd prefer to see a more integrated europe with belarus as part of it . 
  religion 's a pyramid scheme run by and for the benefit of the people at the top of it who do n't give a fuck about those at the bottom . 
  as soon as ordinary people see through it and stop believing , that 's when the gig is up and the scam 's blown . 
  that 's why it 's in all their best interests to unite against secularism . 
  the problem with outlawing religion is that it tends to make it more attractive - at least that appears to have been the case in most countries where it was banned . 
  allowing it to die a natural death under the weight of its own self-importance is what will kill it off in the end . 
  i 'm a secularist but i would n't call for the outlawing of any religion , my hope is that eventually humanity will generally outgrow the need for that sort of superstition . 
  at the same time i do n't think government should favour or support any particular form of religion - including by way of tax breaks for strictly religious actions . 
  by that i mean a church should submit its annual accounts same as any other business does , so something such as providing meals for people on low-incomes would be tax-deductible , whereas buying bibles for overseas missionary work would n't . 
  sadly yes i can . 
  all religious organisations want protection against having their feelings being upset and would like to retain their self-entitled privileged position , so it 's increasingly common to see groups who previously waged war against each other on a massive scale cooperate to counter the `` threat of growing secularism . '', 
  [ * `` are there any women here today ? 
  '' * ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sykbqzwvhzi#t=1m15s ), 
  the [ bbc estimate ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-19941886 ) is `` up to 3,500 people ... '' which is still a sizeable protest . 
  the irony , of course , is that without the fuss surrounding it , nobody would bother watching this film . 
  many muslims would n't watch it because it 's insulting and offensive , non-muslims would have no interest in the subject . 
  like many others , however , i have watched it to see what all the fuss was about . 
  wish i had n't , it 's complete shit . 
  funnily enough i just found out the answer and it 's phosphorus . 
  lough neagh supplies about 40 % of northern ireland 's drinking water , and has elevated levels of phosphorus thanks to [ sewage and silage run-off . 
  what about rory mcilroy and graeme mcdowell ? 
  just speaking as an ulsterman , northern ireland seems to punch above its weight in golf at the moment . 
  `` and how do you find northern ireland ? '', 
  `` normally i get off the plane and it 's there . '', 
  it has been done several times before and it always seems to be the same story . 
  besides , my friend 's bands are anarchist punk bands , so a bit of news publicity and social unrest wo n't do them any harm . 
  ha , you can make the same kind of jokes i do - only in reverse . 
  `` do you get home often ? '', 
  `` usually every night . 
  i only live round the corner . '', 
  i do n't live in northern ireland any more , i live just to the east of london . 
  the second paragraph from my original comment is how i define * northern europe . 
  * i see it more as a diplomatic cultural euphemism than a geographical area . 
  it 's a very tricky and sensitive thing to do , to attempt to divide europe into different cultural districts , as doing so has been the basis of and excuse for some very unpleasant past events ; however i also think it 's more useful when trying to understand history and politics than using arbitrary geographical boundaries . 
  i do n't really think the uk and ireland count . 
  being island nations there 's not really an identity of being part of europe . 
  geographically , yes , but culturally no . 
  i think the netherlands would be considered northern europe , although probably at the southern limits . 
  that 's how i judge it anyway - netherlands , germany , denmark , scandinavian countries , baltic states , poland , czech republic , austria ( that 's pushing it but i see it as having more in common with germany than with italy ) and possibly slovakia - would all contribute either in whole or in part to that particular ill-defined region . 
  the way i see it is that * northern europe * is a careful euphemism for * germanic and scandinavian europe * partly because some countries which could be considered germanic is some ways - like netherlands and czech republic - might not particularly like that label and partly also because of , you know , history . 
  well thank you , i hope it works well too . 
  i have every intention of doing this . 
  although not a musician myself , several of my friends play in bands which do n't seem to get very big audiences despite being based in one of the largest urban areas in europe , so i figure it might be a way to boost numbers . 
  drunk and behave like uncontrolled animals ? 
  [ like this you mean ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftezw-cagem ), 
  [ the bbc version of this story ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-19684708 ) claims that the invitation was passed on to about 30,000 people and estimates that 3,000 people turned up . 
  perhaps i should start advertising gigs this way , label them as private parties , admission by invitation only , then wait for thousands to gatecrash . 
  sounds much more effective than handing out flyers . 
  it 's explained in more detail in the [ rewards scheme for component donation . 
  ] ( http://www.blood.co.uk/giving-blood/donor-award-scheme/component/ ) i reckon it 's probably easier to get most of that stuff off ebay . 
  uk - a cup of tea and some biscuits . 
  there 's a [ reward scheme for frequent donors . 
  ] ( http://www.blood.co.uk/giving-blood/donor-award-scheme/whole-blood-donor/ ) presumably after your 100th donation you would be so used to the process that you just turn up with a full decanter and swap it for an empty one . 
  i appear to be [ slightly further to the left than i anticipated . 
  ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-8.38&amp;soc=-6.72 ), 
  the church of scotland is not an official state church any more , whereas the church of england is the state church of england but nowhere else in the uk , hence the ambiguity . 
  that 's a perfectly understandable point of view , yet ironically seems to be more prevalent in countries where the system of governance is not as bad as in others . 
  actually being attracted to people of the same gender would be the first . 
  parades and rainbows - who does n't like parades and rainbows ? 
  not being able to get married and therefore not being able to be pressured into it . 
  inability to either accidentally become or get your partner pregnant . 
  all children in gay relationships take a good deal of effort and are the result of long and well-considered planning . 
  there 's a few . 
  i 'm being slightly facetious about some of them but i think they hold water . 
  ca n't say you were n't warned , but talking as a keen amateur photographer - it 's a hell of a shot . 
  i was deliberately making a point - both linked photos are of the same person .
