  that 's not my argument at all . 
  devout muslims on average are waay more conservative than even the most devout christians . 
  i am just trying to explain the statistics and draw parallels between western and islamic conservative discourses of our modern times . 
  it is not only christians and muslims who would like a less `` promiscuous '' society but also right wing politics in our own countries which wants a more traditional society based on `` judeo-christian '' morals and values . 
  i have already given the example of how conservatives also agree on how we need a stronger police , they might even agree on reinstating the death penalty . 
  so i think the roughly 11 % of muslims who want the koran to be the `` only '' source of law in denmark are batshit crazy and should pack their bags and go live in saudi arabia instead . 
  but the rest of the 26,5 % who want a `` mixture '' of religion and law are talking more about a society that is in accordance with a conservative 's line of thinking , meaning traditional and strong values and morals , less promiscuity , rejection of feminism , effective policing and crack down on criminality with an iron fist etc. 
  50-70 years sounds about right to me . 
  there were no rights for homosexuals in europe which was a largely patriachal society . 
  do n't forget , alan turning was chemically castrated by the british government for being a homosexual in 1952 . 
  only in the 1960s did the famous case of the italian woman [ franca viola ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franca_viola ) happen in which she refused to marry her rapist . 
  as was expected of her according to traditional honor based social conventions . 
  wars and unthinkable violence was also frequent , often due to nationalism ( read tribalism ) . 
  and do n't get me started on racism . 
  belgium was keeping [ human beings in zoos ] ( https://www.popularresistance.org/deep-racism-the-forgotten-history-of-human-zoos/ ) as long as 1958 . 
  i am not talking about some wars of religion that might have happened between protestants and catholics centuries ago . 
  i am talking about contemporary conservative or right wing discourse . 
  it is clear by listening to conservatives that they would want a more `` traditional '' society and reject modern ideas of progressivism . 
  i do n't think muslims wanting more religion in the society is any different than christians talking about `` judeo-christian '' tradition when they should be talking about secularism , wanting less rights for homosexuals , being anti-woman 's progress ( in the form of gender mainstreaming and women 's quotas ) etc. 
  the similarity is striking , especially reading statements like this :  `` people who make trouble and crime and meetings in court , is almost forgiven . 
  i think that the punishment should be a little harder for them , `` he ( the imam ) says . 
  people on the right wing tend to support the death penalty , more powers for the police and in general tougher stance on criminality . 
  there 's nothing new here , `` totesstrafe f\u00fcr kindersch\u00e4nder '' meaning `` death sentence to pedophiles '' is a common and popular phrase in germany at least , especially among the pegida types . 
  so i would argue that this `` traditional mindset '' is not an exclusive phenomenon among muslim but a trademark of conservatives everywhere . 
  granted , muslims tend to be more conservative than anyone else nowadays because they generally have immigrated from societies that are at least 50 years beind the west in social progress . 
  just to hit the point home , here is an image of [ religious beliefs in america ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/104731/muslims-want-democracy-theocracy.aspx ) according to a gallup poll . 
  46 % of americans say that the bible should be `` a '' source , and 9 % believe it should be the `` only '' source of legislation . 
  quite similar to the muslim figure in denmark , 11.3 % believing that koran alone must be the foundation of law , while 26.5 % believing that the law should be a mixture of both religion and constitution . 
  someone should tell all these idiots that secularism benefits everybody . 
   no one would be up in arms if they quit cooking pork okay , gabrielbacon . 
  but seriosly , there would be a major shit storm . 
  phrases like `` islamicization '' and `` creeping sharia '' would be thrown out even if they cut the pork meal because of an entirely different reason . 
  do n't you even doubt that for one second . 
  here in germany , the socialist party in one town decided to rename the `` christmas festival '' to `` winter festival '' because they wanted the town 's tradition to be secular and not religious . 
  guess what happened . 
  eugenics works . 
  just look at singapore . 
  but averroes 's philsophy was undoubtedly informed by his interpretation of his religion and his reading of the quran in conjuction with greek texts . 
  that is the crux of the article that i posted . 
  that is the case with a lot of contemporary philsophers of the enlightenment in christian europe as well . 
  algebra and algortihms upon which modern computing and the information age is built are also a product of the islamic golden age . 
  it 's not fair to disregard hundreds years of work in optics , engineering , medicine ( medieval islam developed hospitals and expanded the practice of surgery ) just because that work was built upon the work of others from other civilisations . 
  that is like saying all science that is being done today is utterly irrelevant because it is building upon and extending the work of previous scientists . 
  does n't really makes sense . 
  just because he was inspired by aristotles and plato does n't necessarily mean that it 's fair to downplay his countributions . 
  einstein 's work would have been impossible without newton 's axioms in classical mechanics . 
  we still think einstein is a great scientist and had much to contribute . 
  well you seem to have made up your mind . 
  good on you . 
  actual islamists or far right activists wanting to stir shit up and spread fear and hatred ? 
  either way , sucks for those poor assyrians . 
  they just ca n't catch a break . 
  impossible to get everybody on board with such a policy . 
  eu will have to break in order to implement such borders . 
  and for better or for worse the bureaucrats in brussels are not gona let that happen . 
  yeah , but all eu governments care about is keeping the union together and keeping the euro . 
  so i think an eu with turkey is prefferable to them than no eu at all . 
  there are people who argue that muslim polymaths like [ averro\u00ebs ] ( http://www.neh.gov/humanities/2011/novemberdecember/feature/the-islamic-scholar-who-gave-us-modern-philosophy ) shaped an integral part of modern philosophy in the continent of europe . 
  actually not such a long road it would seem . 
  erdogan is making demands from brussels in order to make moves against migrant smugglers and to secure borders . 
  he wants liberal visa policies towards turkish people and he wants prospects to join the eu sooner than later . 
  i do n't think it 's far fetched that we 'll be seeing turkey as part of the eu in our lifetimes . 
  becuase erdogan pretty much holds the power to destroy the eu in his hands in the form of `` 2.5 million syrian refugee '' card which he is subtly threatening to release onto europe if his demands are not met . 
  i do n't think any religion at this point is necessarily part of europe . 
  we have a seperation of church and state . 
  we have gay marriage , women 's rights , minority rights . 
  our young population is full of weed smoking fornicators . 
  at this point , it would be fair to say that secularism is the dominating ideology of europe . 
  of course , we also have millions of people who are christians , millions who are muslims and others who belong to different religions . 
  freedom of religion is also a fundamental right according to modern secularist principles based on human rights . 
  so i do n't think there should even be a discussion whether these people , who have been born here , speak european languages , identify themselves with secular sculture and have been living in europe for generations , belong to europe or not . 
  ah yes , supporting a woman who was a victim of mindless abuse just because she happened to be a muslim is now `` enabling the enemies '' . 
  being against bigotry , prejudice and racism is `` enabling the enemies '' . 
  brilliant . 
  again with hyperbole . 
  `` oh , an arab investor bought a german brand , must be because he is a arab supremecist and want to islamisize the abendland '' . 
  do your biases ever end ? 
  not to mention we 're now having a completely different conversation altogether and have drifted away from the main point . 
  the point being that you can not judge a person based on their clothes unless it is utterly obvious that they are fascists . 
  if you do judge people and refuse to help them based on how they look , you are a bigot and nothing else . 
  nothing necessarily wrong with that , just embrace that label and get on with your life and we 're done here . 
  joke 's on you , i have a couple of turkish friends who wear thor steinar . 
  the brand is owned by arabs for christ 's sake . 
  so i do n't judge people based on their clothes unless it is utterly obvious that they are racists . 
  the headscarf is a cultural thing and conservative women wear it . 
  they have the freedom to do so and have the same rights as everyone . 
  that includes not being abused on the train by racist degenerates . 
  again , a headscarf is not a symbol of islamism . 
  it is part of the culture of many countries to cover your head . 
  punjabi sikh women from india cover their head . 
  elderly christian women cover their head . 
  it might even be [ a fashion choice ] ( http://www.glamourmagazine.co.uk/news/fashion/2015/09/maria-hidrissi-hm-new-muslim-model ) . 
  so unless you 're a mind reader , you have no fucking way of finding out what the motivations of the women in a headscarf are . 
  to automatically assume that she is supporting islamism is bigotry , since it entails the presumption of guilt on the basis of looks . 
  in your mind , a woman wearing a headscarf is guilty before proven innocent , not the other way round . 
  this i find to be quite disturbing . 
  a person who has a swatiska tatooed across his face and is wearing a shirt saying `` heil hitler '' is specifically broadcasting his racist and white supremacist ideas . 
  there is no nuance here . 
  in germany , you get put in prison for such behaviour . 
  the photographs are trying to illustrate an important point .
