  here is a [ list of demographics ] ( https://www.berlin.de/lb/intmig/statistik/demografie/einwohner_staatsangehoerigkeit.html ) for neuk\u00f6ln . 
  and you can see that your assumptions that all of them are muslim is also wrong , there are also poles and russians , italians , serbians and other eastern europeans . 
  sure , as is true of any other immigrant dominsated neighbourhood , this area has a higher crime rate than other affluent areas , but this has everything to do with socioeconomics and nothing to do with the religion of those that live there !, 
  even the pope of the roman catholic church said `` curse my mother , expect a punch '' . 
  of course muslims are going to protest if someone is insulting their prophet . 
  but the important thing to realize is that there is a difference between beliefs and actions . 
  you ca n't put people in jail for thought crimes can you . 
  there are surveys floating around from european countries where a significant percentage of native wants to ban islam and what not . 
  does not mean that that particular country is going to go full stalin and infringe upon the freedom of religion any time soon ? 
  of course not !, 
  if i am not mistaken , your percentage stems from the recent bbc poll . 
  this poll also says that majority of british muslims ( around 95 % ) are loyal to britain and want to follow british laws and constitutions . 
  so it follows that they are not going to go around punishing blasphemers , because that is a violation of the law . 
   1.5 million this year + family movings = 8-10 million useless moslems you do know that vast majority of the migrants are from eastern europe ( balkans ) and have no right for asylum and will be deported as soon as possible ? 
  so your 10 million in 5 years projection is bad statistics . 
  and what does being a `` moslem '' have anything to do with how willing you are to find a job or not ? 
  makes no sense . 
   men and women are equal ? 
  quran says no so does the bible . 
  but we can not define christians and jews according to what is written in their book unless they are fundamentalists . 
  why do you assume that people who are fleeing war are fundamentalists ? 
  any evidence ? 
   hartz4 sharia ghettos i am not aware of any such places . 
  there are low income neighbourhoods where crime rate is high , that 's for sure . 
  but those exist everywhere on the planet , such as in the united states . 
  has very little to do with religion of those people who live there and everything to do with socioeconomics . 
  yeah , i can see how one might be lead to think far right = nationalists . 
  but in america at least , this is certainly not the case . 
  far right can be a label for all sorts of movements , from the kkk to christian evangelicals to the tea party movement . 
  increasingly , a more nuanced definition of the right wing is also required for european politics where a lot of right wing populist parties might be considered far right . 
  the classical conservative position has always been pro capitalism and opposition of socialism . 
  of course , the european paradigm is a bit different to the american one and here we find different movements within right wing politics such as nationalism , christian democrats etc. 
  but i do n't think a blanket statement like `` far right is anti-capitalist '' can be considered to be true for all especially since we have a staunch capitalist as one of the prominent nominee of the u.s. presidential elections taking his inspiration from the european populist far right in matters of immigration but also has paired his views with centrist or even at times left-wing stances on elements of the welfare state . 
  call this the `` new right '' if you will . 
  well , they certainly are quite pro-capitalist/anti-socialist . 
  they 're socially liberal but economically * very * conservative . 
  i 'd classify them as right to center right . 
  they 're not as bad as breitbart or `` the blaze '' though . 
  honestly , the internet is a cesspit of agenda driven one dimensional pages targeted at the twitter generation which is characterized by a severe lack of attention span . 
  this results in information from highly questionable sources often consisting of half-truths being disguised as `` news '' and shoved down the throats of an audience which ca n't be bothered to check its authenticity and the journalistic integrity of its authors . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abkebp4p0jq ) explains some of these developments in internet media quite well . 
  say what you will about the mainstream media but at the very least it tries to give the semblance of objective reporting . 
  that much can not be said about internet media where we have sites which not only make no effort to hide their political affiliation but actually pride themselves at being at the very end of the political extremist spectrum , be it the far left ( the intercept , salon ) or the right ( breitbart , wsj ) . 
  it can be quite difficult and tiring to navigate through this sludge . 
  i am not a biblical scholar but i think those are rather trivial examples , circumcision , pork and wearing of fabrics . 
  even if there are numerous sects within christianity today ( such as the copts and seventh-day adventists ) who abstain from pork and also practice circumcision but that is besides the point . 
  let 's take a more serious example such as blasphemy . 
  in europe , people were being stoned and hanged to death for blasphemy well into the 17th century . 
  such laws have been naturally been gotten rid of in modern times in the west . 
  i would argue that the fact that such nonsensical violence against blasphemers and `` witches '' in modern west is n't common place is a result of secularism and enlightenment and a reinterpretation of christian theology and not because christianity on paper is any better or worse than any other religion or ideology . 
  i think christianity has been largely secularized and that is why christians do n't follow biblical laws . 
  it has very little to do with how new testament is supposed to get rid of all the twisted commandments in the old testament . 
  if that were the case , we would not have seen multiple wars of religion in europe , inquisitions , witch trials , ethnic cleansings and genocides which took place under the church in europe since the middle ages . 
  religion has always been used by people in poisitons of power to control people and it has been interpreted and reinterpreted to serve this purpose . 
  christians today are not secularized because the bible tells them to be secular . 
  they are secular because the west is secular and the church has no political power . 
  even then , we have christians in africa ( such as in uganda ) pushing for the same kind of laws that were once commonplace in europe . 
  `` the only real muslim is a radical muslim , no * true * muslim could ever be a moderate ! '', 
  that 's a no true scotsman fallacy if i ever saw one . 
  the fact of the matter is it is a matter of interpretation and your reading of the quran . 
  a sufi muslim who is interested in the mystical dimensions of islam is as muslim as a salafist who reads the quran literally . 
  neither you , nor i have any right to declare any one of those muslims `` not a true muslim '' because they are both following their scripture as they see fit and as they are interpreting it . 
  [ 40 % of germans ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-10/dresden-umfrage-tu-dresden-pegida-asylsuchende ) in dresden support pegida , an organisation which has at its head neo nazi sympathizers and a man who has a long criminal record including drug dealing and extortion and who has described refugees as `` dirty animals '' . 
  also , apparently this far right organisation [ supports the death penalty ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/0,,18778483_303,00.jpg ) as well . 
  so yes , it is true that extremists will always exist in a society . 
  even the neo-nazi party of germany called the npd [ manages to reach 7-8 % ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/5349696.stm ) in some federal states from time to time . 
  sir william wallets of wellington is a well known winery worker . 
  which town is it if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  it 's *, 
  this is the reality of war . 
  millions of europeans emmigrated to the united states and to australia to escape wars , violence and oppression in the european continent in the 20th century . 
  pretty much sums up the internet . 
  again , as i have stated before i was not excusing anything . 
  conservatives everywhere should be scrutinized for their backwards points of views . 
  i was merely drawing attention to the fact how similar islamic conservatives and modern `` new right '' conservatives like pegida tend to be on their worldviews . 
  that is not excusing or apologizing or any of that , but part of a discussion of how similar these people think but yet oppose each other . 
  well forgive me for not providing everyone with a knee jerk reaction like `` fuck islam '' or something and instead providing context and perspective based on my opinion and experience . 
  actually , the comment i responded to ( which has now been deleted ) said `` fuck muslims '' so i had to jump in and contexualize the polling . 
  call that `` apologetics '' if you will . 
  i was n't trying to negate anything at all . 
  i think it is fascinating that parallels can be drawn between the two seemingly opposing factions , western conservatives and islamic ones . 
  i think it 's a fascinating topic of discussion . 
  but judging by the downvotes i have been receiving , people do n't really like any introspection and reflecting on the finer points of the society they themselves are living in . 
  they were born in europe but their parents were mostly laborers and craftsmen who came to europe as guest workers . 
  often , they were not facilitated to learn the language of the land , it was assumed that they 'll go back . 
  but they did n't . 
  and so more often than not they did n't manage to climb the socioeconomic ladder because of their language skills ( or lack thereof ) . 
  their children were thus born into low income households where they could not be intellectually challenged and instilled with ideas of critical thinking and rationality . 
  they were brought up in a traditional patriachal home where religion was supposed to be the only moral compass . 
  this is the reason why many young people from 1st or 2nd generation migration background often have an identity crisis . 
  3rd generation less so . 
  it will take time to heal this divide . 
  another 50 years minimum . 
  in my view this is not an issue of religion or ethnicity but an issue of class . 
  higher income individuals , regardless of background , manage to assimilate remarkably wherever they go . 
  this is the reason of the success of the american model . 
  of course europe has undergone amazing transformation and progress and it is because europe as a continent has decided to get rid of age old conflicts of petty nationalism and worked towards improving the quality of life for their people . 
  the seperation of church and state , high literacy , strong economies , women 's and minorites rights are all the fruits of peacetime . 
  ca n't really focus on all this good stuff when you constantly have to go to war . 
  i have no doubt that the same can and will happen to the islamic world as well .
