  london is minority white british not because of `` muslims '' but because of indians and africans and eastern europeans and western europeans and east asians who come to the economic hub of the country as it offers them better oppurtunities . 
  that is not a bad thing at all . 
   british culture have been replaced with something foreign cultures are not static . 
  they need to change and adapt in order to survive . 
  old timers perhaps associate british culture with the monarchy but the next generation of children is not even going to give a rat 's arse about the queen . 
  and anyway , i find the claim that a city like london has lost its `` british '' character to be a bit outlandish . 
  what i associate with modern britain is a multicultural , multifaith country and that is what i see in the videos that you keep posting . 
   3rd generation british born pakistanis have noticeably different accents than the native british children that is n't exclusively a `` problem '' with muslims ( i put problem in apostrophes because i do n't see it as one ) . 
  hindus from india and christians from africa and buddhists from china and vietnam have a noticeably different accent as well . 
  even in america , african americans have a different accent to white americans and hispanic americans are yet different . 
  even then , the accent generally depends on which region a person is from and where they grew up . 
  even british people have different dialects . 
   the first generation did not integrate , nor did their children what exactly is your definition of integration ? 
  to me , if a person speaks the language , follows the laws of the country , finds a job and is a productive member of the society , he or she is an integrated person . 
  i do n't mind his or her religious beliefs or what kinds of songs they choose to sing in a rally on the street , because all of that is not a violation of the law and is only the excercise of their constituionally granted freeom of expression . 
   even `` moderate '' muslims literally believe that the quran is the perfect word of god dictated to mohammed by an angel . 
  it is their right to believe whatever stories they want to believe as per the law . 
  nothing you do or say will change that . 
  but i believe you are doing the muslim population of britain an incredible disservice by lumping them all together . 
  there are people who belong to all sorts of islamic denominations living in britain . 
  even the videos you have posted illustrate this , you see those guys are singing in the streets and yet some stricter interpretation of islam do not allow for any kind of music . 
  more and more people identify themselves as culturally muslim or culturally christian nowadays anyway so i do n't think trivial issues like `` people marching on the street who look and speak different than me '' is going to be relevant in a 100 years . 
  europeans who are not aware of the finer points of the muslim religion and its numerous denominations just call this phenomenon `` islamisation '' . 
  which kinda demonstrates how clueless some people really are , even muslims in countries like turkey are opposed to the kind of `` islamisation '' that groups like pegida are referring to . 
  do you live in lancashire ? 
  according to [ official statistics ] ( http://www3.lancashire.gov.uk/corporate/web/?siteid=6120&amp;pageid=41238 ) , muslims comprise only 6.6 % of the town 's population . 
  so i think saying that `` these people comprise nearly 50 % of the town '' is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  secondly , perhaps there is resetment and hatred when people see huge rallies comprised mostly of adult men marching accross the street and singing their loud and obnoxious songs , but the fact of the matter is britain is a secular country which provides certain fundamental freedoms . 
  freedom of religion , freedom of expression and freedom to assemble are some of the core ideologies which make a modern , secular country . 
  now you can either be tolerant of different beliefs and different cultures and respect the right of people to assemble peacefully as granted by the law , or you could be an intolerant person who does n't understand how a secular state is supposed to work and does n't respect the right of people to peaceful assembly and freedom of religion . 
  the choice is yours . 
  because that 6.6 % is not going anywhere and is in britain to stay . 
  they will have children there . 
  they will seek jobs there . 
  a tiny minority among them is even going to commit crime . 
  in a 100 years , your children 's children and their children 's children will probably laugh together about how weird the human condition was in 2015 . 
   the muslims rioting there did we watch the same videos ? 
  i did n't see any violence or rioting . 
  just people have a rally and singing their weird songs . 
  annoying and loud , yes , but i do n't think it amounts to a riot . 
  i concede that it is an assumption . 
  but a reasonable one at that . 
  why else would a group of brits attack an 80 year old asian guy ? 
  but you are right , we should refrain from speculating . 
  my original post was in response to a person who was saying that the old man was murdered because there is resentment against the asian community in rotherham because of sex grooming gangs . 
  i merely said that that is no justification at all to kill an innocent man . 
  gatestoneinstitute is a neo-con forum . 
  it is by no means an independent and unbiased source , especially when it comes to affairs regarding muslims . 
  its writers beat the war drum for the iraq war and the elimination of saddam . 
  the war which incidentally cost trillions and reduced a secular and mostly stable country to a cluster fuck and the current isis situation and indeed the subsequent refugee crisis . 
  those trillions could have been used to advance science and prevent climate change as well . 
  but no , instead the west went to war based on lies . 
  i would urge you to read [ this article ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/sugar-mama-anti-muslim-hate/ ) about the director of gatestoneinstitute , ms. nina rosewald . 
  some of their biases are clearly illustrated by a cursory glance at their front page but it 's good to acquire some in depth knowledge of how the modern anti-muslim internet industry works and how profitable it is . 
  it is in incredible how criminals in europe , be they rapists or rioters always get reduced to their religion according to people like you even when their crime has absolutely nothing to do with their religion . 
  but it 's muslims . 
  those fucking * muslims * . 
  i guess the frequent african american gang shootings and the ferguson and baltimore and new york riots were perpetrated by christians then ? 
  you are ranting a lot and offering no solutions . 
  what do you propose to do with the 40 million muslims who are already in europe ? 
  many of them 2nd and 3rd generation citizens ? 
  it 's true , i can not be sure that it was a racially motivated attack . 
  i give you that . 
  but the bbc article at least puts the rumours to rest that he was attacked by asians as the names and origin of the suspects have been released :  damien hunt , 29 , of doncaster road , and 21-year-old kieran rice , of oakes meadow , are due to appear at sheffield crown court on 28 august . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-south-yorkshire-34016556 could be that this 80 year old guy had a run in with the street marijuana dealers and did n't pay up or something . 
  or it could be that he was a target of racist mindless violence . 
  take your pick . 
  well , i did n't know him personally . 
  but the article does not mention that this old man was in any way related to the perpetrators of the sexual grooming who have been convicted and are in jail . 
  just a random guy walking on the street and got killed because he was guilty by association in the racist gang 's eyes . 
  similar to how lee rigy was guilty by association in the terrorist 's eyes . 
  how did these racist fucks `` take the law into their own hands '' by beating up an innocent man who was unrelated to any grooming gang ? 
  maybe they could have killed a random pedophile and i would have probably given your argument a second thought since that would encompass vigilantism aka taking the law in your own hand . 
  but since that is not the case , let us not pretend that this crime is anything more than a manifestation of pure racism . 
  i personally put this incident in the same camp as the murder of lee rigby . 
  random british soldier whose only crime was belonging to the royal british army got murdered because an asshole terrorist wanted to `` avenge the killings of innocent muslims by the british army '' and could n't fathom that there is such a thing as individuality and unrelated people should not be punished for the crimes of others in their group . 
  every religion at its core is incompatible with the modern west because the west is secular and laws and norms are not based on thousand year old holy scriptures . 
  one thing to keep in mind though , is that secularism and hence the west itself grants the right to freedom of religion and expression . 
  that right is absolutely fundamental to what the west is . 
  which means religious human beings certainly are n't incompatible with the west as long as they remain within the confines of the law of the land . 
  if you read the businessinsider article , the ranking has considered factors such as digital security , health security , infrastructure and personal security . 
  personal security looks at safety measures like crime , the level of police engagement , and the number of violent crimes , so it certainly deals with `` real safety '' . 
  not just social services . 
  apart from the that , the wesbite you linked is based on user generated data as stated on their home page , not on official crime stats . 
  so i would n't pay much attention to it . 
  yeah , the predominant ethnic group living in italy are the italian and they make up [ 92 % of the population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_italy#ethnic_groups ) . 
  sweden is incredibly safe , stolkholm is regularly ranked as one of the top five safest cities in the world . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/galleries/the-worlds-safest-cities/safest7/ ) , or [ here ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/the-20-safest-cities-in-the-world-2015-1?ir=t ) . 
  sure there are high crime areas , also known as bad part of town , but those exist in any other country too and are actually a lot more viscious in some areas of a country like italy for instance where organised crime syndicates operate freely . 
  well actualy his first comment was :  it 's all that homogeneity . 
  / s so i think he was probably trying to mock those who try to link homogeneity to safety and disregard other , more significant factors because of obvious political agendas . 
  the whole `` homogeneity = safety '' thing is bullshit though . 
  italy , poland , greece etc. 
  are some of the most homogenous countries in the world ( [ according to this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level ) ) but they are not included in the top 25 safest countries . 
  by contrast countries like united kingdom and singpore are apparently safer , despote being quite a lot more ethnicially and culturally diverse . 
  seems to me that crime and safety have other , more significant factors that should be of concern . 
  such as : 1 ) poverty 2 ) unemployment 3 ) more work for less pay per hour 4 ) rankings on indexes for economic freedom , development,well-being , and social progress 5 ) alcohol consumption and so on . 
   if your policies kill tourism , divide the eu , end schengen , provide no support for perilous crossings of fucking seas that kill countless adults and children and you also have no idea how you are going to return these people to their homeland , i am pretty sure you can be called and idiot . 
  you do realize that thousands drowned before merkel even had a policy to let those stranded in hungary into the country ? 
  the refugee crisis started because of the brutal war in syria and the dreadful conditions of refugee camps in lebanon , jordan and turkey .
