  not because of merkel somehow wanted to destroy the eu . 
  again , i 'm not a huge fan of how she 's handling the issue at the moment . 
  but she is far from an idiotic noob at crisis management that you 're trying to portray her to be . 
   in much smaller numbers . 
  not true at all , france for instance has around 5 million north africans from former french colonies and their decendants living inside it for generations . 
  if anything , the numbers of north africans coming in illegally is going to decrease , not increase . 
  since their countries have been declared to safe countries of origins and so they are out of the asylum system . 
   except we didnt invite an additional few million to join the party . 
  what ? 
  did you read my reply at all ? 
  north africans are not invited at all , they ca n't apply asylum in the country . 
  unless you 're talking about syrians ? 
  which would be an entirely different conversation altogether and has something to do with german and eu law of which prescribes granting shelter to refugees of war . 
  apples and oranges . 
   is that what you call it when honor killings and private sharia courts happen in many german towns ? 
  and you just said they have n't integrated well . 
  which is it ? 
  i have said that they have integrated well ** for the most part ** . 
  integration to me means learning the language of the country , respecting the laws and not being a burden on the country 's social system . 
  that much at least is true for a majority . 
  does that mean that problems do n't exist and everything is perfect ? 
  not at all , of course they do . 
  i have already stated that crime is a huge problem and the ugly reality of parallel societies is all but real . 
  but one ca n't really pick examples like honour killing and then claim that turks have n't integrated at all . 
  that would be ike pointing at hasedic jews and what they get up to in new york and then somehow claiming that jews are not integrated in the united states . 
  makes little sense . 
   it seems the german government cant even keep track of anyone . 
  because you 've been reading propoganda disgused as `` news '' . 
   considering my family can arm themselves legally yeah arming yourself does not magically make the horrendeous homicide statistics , the worst in the developed world in fact , magically disappear . 
  you 'd like to sit and claim that europe is unsafe for women because of merkel , when the united states itself has a much higher per capita rape and homicide rate despite your precious guns . 
   let me tell you , just because someone is a good scientist in no way means they are good leaders , much less political leaders . 
  yes , and just because you consider somebody to not be a good leader because you disagree with their policies , it does not mean that they are an `` idiot '' . 
  which was the initial claim . 
  and which is objectively not true . 
   new , ultra respectful migrants from north africa . 
  i am not in favor of merkel 's refugee policy at all but you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  there is nothing new about immigrants from north africa . 
  north africas have been living in germany and indeed in europe for decades . 
  to insinuate that merkel is the one responsible for the existence of north africans on the european continent and then act like soley she is responsible for `` cultural shift that is changing european lives '' is not accurate at all . 
  did you forget that the refugee crisis as we know it only has started last year in may ? 
  the molenbeeks , the rosengards , the neu k\u00f6lns , the bon lieus have existed in european countries for decades and decades and are a symptom of a failed integration policy of people who were thought to be only `` temporary guest workers '' and thus not given enough oppurtunities to learn the language and become a part of society . 
  it is convenient to declare one person as the source of all evil but you have to look everything in its hitorical context of what has been happening in this continent and how politicians have utterly failed . 
  still , it must be mentioned that these immigrant groups , i.e. 
  turks in germany , north africans in france and belgium etc for the most part have integrated well . 
  think of it as the situation with the african americans in united states . 
  in fact , it is exactly like that , low income houeholds , ghettoization , high crime rates , but regardless , remarkable examples of success exist from that community . 
  besides , north africans are barred from seeking asylum under new laws ( passed by merkel btw ) which declare north african countries to be safe countries of origin . 
  so it is a moot point anyway . 
   let me know how raising your daughters there now goes . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  europe is as safe as it gets for women . 
  safer than the united states which has a higher per capita rape rate than france and germany and spain and italy . 
  how about you worry about raising your children and keeping them alive with that ridiculously high homicide rate , eh ? 
  this june according to [ this article ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/03/refugee-crisis-turkey-32bn-extra-eu-talks-160307162334279.html ) . 
  have you heard merkel speak ? 
  like , ever ? 
  she is smart as fuck ( not only saying that , she was literally a research scientist before she became chancellor ) and has expertly navigated through multiple crises that have befallen the european continent , such as the euro crisis and the greek debt crisis . 
  by doing so , she has held the eu together for all these years . 
  you might not agree with her policies the refugee crisis , but to call her an idiot is beyond ridiculous . 
  well then it appears that you already had your mind made up before asking that question . 
  you asked `` what benefits does muslim immigration have '' to which i listed a bunch of contributions by muslims ( which are are only a small fraction ) . 
  this you dismiss , by bringing up terrorism . 
  and saying that those contributions could 've been made by different people . 
  well , kanye west * could have * been japanese born jew too . 
  and obama could have been a transgender woman . 
  but the fact is that those people are what they are and their upbringing , race , religion etc played a role in the shaping of their lives . 
  it is ridiculous to take away from the contributions of those people by saying `` someone else could 've done it '' . 
  one might as well forget about beethoven , bach , einstein and martin kuther king , since anyone else could 've taken their place if they did n't do the things they did . 
  it 's not a sound argument . 
  as far as terrorism is concerned , yes , it could have been prevented if immigration never happened . 
  but then again , it could also have been prevented if the west never went into iraq and disturbed the hornets nest which resulted in the rise of isis and the refugee crisis . 
  the world trade center attacks could have been prevented if only the united states never supported israel , since bin laden explicitly named u.s. support for israel as reason for his planning an attack . 
  in france , immigration could have been prevented if france was never a colonial power and did n't rob north africa of extensive wealth . 
  you see how absurd this game can get of getting to the root cause of a problem and wasting times in alternate realities . 
  would 've , could 've , should 've does n't solve problems faced by people today in the real world . 
  moreover , it is purely speculation and has no place in the formulation of a sound argument . 
  i 'm actually not in favor of mass immigration at all . 
  i support tightly controlled borders , and a strict immigration policy based on merit . 
  but discriminating against one particular religion is not the way to go . 
  religious freedom is a fundamental human right that is enshrined in the constitutions of every country that can claim to be a liberal democracy , so it is also not possible according to the law , unless you 're willing to change the definition of human rights . 
  even if hell froze over and the geneva convention was changed to exclude religious freedom , there is also no feasible way that a practical system could be put in place to prevent muslims from coming inside a country . 
  what 're you gon na do ? 
  ask them whether they are muslim ? 
  what if they lie ? 
  there is no test that can be conducted on them . 
  so it 's a fools errand to try to ban muslim and only muslim immigration . 
  here 's a cross section of benefits that immigration from muslim countries to the west gave us : - grand theft auto 5 ( the lead mission designer of gta5 is a pakistani ) - youtube ( the father of a youtube founder was a bangladeshi ) - ebay ( founder is a child of iranian immigrants ) - crysis and cry engine ( crytek founders are turkish germans ) - zinadine zidane ( one of the greatest soccer players to have ever played the game ) - recent discovery of gravitational waves ( pakistani scientist nergis mavalvala was part of the team who discovered it ) so i think you 're unfair in your assessment just a bit . 
  people from muslim countries are just people like anyone else . 
  i would argue that illegal immigration is detrimental to any society . 
  but it is not fair to suggest that muslim immigration , as in people coming in to study or pursue a career should be stopped just on the basis of being muslim . 
  also , i think you 're mixing immigration policy with asylum policy so you might need to look up the difference . 
  yeah i also do not agree with socioeconomic explanations of islamic terrorism . 
  it can certainly be a contributing factor but you have to look into the fundamentals of the religion ( also known as salafism ) and recognize where all the hate is coming from . 
  btw , on the subject of socioeconomics and immigrants rioting , i would recommend the french film [ la haine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lwqdteax-0 ) which is just a brilliant illustration of life in a parisian d\u00e9partement and the aftermaths of a fictional riot . 
  i have actually never heard any prominent politician call isis by their official name `` islamic state '' . 
  they call it isis , isil , daesh or even when they mention `` islamic state '' , they add `` so-called '' as a prefix . 
  i think that might be the case to deny isis the legitamacy of statehood . 
  by not referring to it as a state , islamic or otherwise , the international community can mobilize and treat them as a terrorist group . 
  the truth is that they have been operating as a de facto state for a while now but they have n't been recognized by a single country on the planet . 
  perhaps it 's part of psychological warfare to not treat them as a state and refer to them by vague abbreviations .
