the smartest choice is to actually start deporting bad elements in immigrant communities the problem arises when the majority of the jihadists and recruiters that have been documented ( in this study at least ) are german by nationality . 
  the article says this :  409 jihadists were reportedly born in germany , 399 had german citizenship , and 160 of those had dual citizenship . 
  so i think it is rather difficult to deport these people . 
  deport them where to ? 
  to nordrhein-westfalen ? 
  does n't work like that . 
  i would argue that this problem should be seperated from immigration issues and be dealt with as a german problem . 
  these people who are german by birth ( and often by ethnicity ) should be tried in a german court and be convicted on german soil and go to prison there . 
  come on mate , dehumanizing rhetoric is only fitting for genocial fascists . 
  these people are humans and have human problems . 
  and as humans go , many of them are assholes . 
  many of them are economic migrants from the balkans and east european states , yes , but just ask yourself what you yourself would have done if you had children to feed and no job to provide for them because of the fucked up economy . 
  you would 've migrated too . 
  now , of course , such migrants will be deported , only those who have a legitimate claim to asylum ( such as fleeing war ) will be granted asylum status . 
  but comparing them to vermin or pest is not going to solve anything . 
  seriously , the politicans and organisers have completely dropped the ball . 
  i live in the east ( in thuringia to be exact ) and the people here are generally conservative , there is a great readiness to help refugees amongst the populace here . 
  but when stories like this appear every week on social media and are quickly shared a million times ( in no small part thanks to populist and far right pages and forums ) i really fear for the future of the country . 
  there are stories of schools and vocational training centers closing indefinitely to make room for refugees as well as public gymnasiums . 
  public mood and fear is a dangerous thing and the politicans are playing with fire . 
  there are now weekly demonstrations in my city where the afd is marching with thousands of people and are being blocked by left wing counter protests , agitations from both sides and naturally police has a lot to do these days . 
  the pressure is building up like crazy and it just feels like something bad is going to happen . 
  now , of all times , german efficiency and pragmatism is needed to deal with the problems . 
  the process needs to be improved , no doubt . 
  european leaders such as david cameron and merkel have expressed their will to shorten processing times and deport people who have no claim faster . 
  but some things have already been taken into account , like the interrogator 's personal feelings about the situation . 
  here in germany , asylum seekers have the right to appeal if their application is rejected . 
  they can hire a lawyer , or might even get alloted a lawyer , if they feel that their application has been mismanaged or that the decision is unfair . 
  they can also apply to have their case officer changed . 
  all of this are some of the perks of a system based on human rights , aimed to weed out discrimination . 
  iraqi and syrians are pretty much in the same boat ( sometimes quite literally ) because both have war torn countries . 
  so they have a legitimate claim to asylum . 
  the problem is , majority of asylum seekers ( [ upto 40 % ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34270077 ) ) are from eastern europe and the balkans ( albania , kosovo , serbia , and macedonia ) . 
  these people will be deported because they are considered illegal economic migrants , every european country has agreed to this much . 
  now , some of these people may try to pass of as a syrian or iraqi by obtaining illegal identities , but they 'll not succeed . 
  arabic is n't even their mother language and any german person with syrian or iraqi heritage working for the authorities will be able to find out how much truth there is to the asylum seeker 's story . 
  majority of asylum seekers are * from * eastern europe themselves . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34158660 ) they are albanians , serbians and kosovians and montenegrins who 've started their jounrey in search of better economic prospects . 
  they will be sent back and denied refugee status because they have no claim whatsoever since they are coming from safe countries not in a state of war . 
  they will be deported . 
  if they would like to search for better economic oppurtunity , plenty of ** legal ** methods exist to obtain a work visa . 
  syrians , afghanis and iraqis , however , are here to stay . 
  i do n't think it 's a success or a failure . 
  muslims have a fertility rate of 2.2 on average in 25 european countries , non-muslims have a fertiltiy rate of just 1.5 . 
  do i think it 's normal to have 2 children ? 
  absolutely . 
  it is not a cause of concern or cause for celebration for me , it 's just a normal fact of life . 
  but more importantly , i do n't think it 's fair to characterise all muslims as islamists . 
  statistically , you 're right . 
  an increasing population of muslims statistically means more islamists among them . 
  this is a problem that would need to be addressed . 
  but not by demonizing muslims as `` the enemy within '' but by working with the muslim community to identify those amongst them who 're the outliers . 
  also , we need to stop giving islamists the spot light . 
  an islamist in germany who organised a `` sharia police '' ( which was a stunt , he admitted himself ) got his face plastered accross the front page all the tabloids of the country . 
  negative publicity is still publicity . 
  and young people are always looking for attention . 
  those number are not numbers that i have invented or based on anecdotal evidence of me seeing a `` lady in a burqa with 14 children '' , those are numbers of a respected organisation and are based on statistical data of all major european countries . 
  in 25 countries in europe on average , muslims have 2.2 children which is just 0.7 children more than the non-muslim 's 1.5 . 
  in 10 year 's time , the difference will be even lower according to projections . 
  so no , i do n't think these numbers are `` scary '' or anything . 
  having 2 children on average is not abnormal . 
  if anything , non-muslims are having way less children . 
  and anyway , even if i appreciate pew for doing this statistical survey , i do n't really understand what 's the purpose of that . 
  the [ fertility rate of countries around the globe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_fertility_rate ) suggest no correlation between religion and the number of children one has . 
  but it certainly has more to do with education and socioeconomics and we should be focusing on that . 
  mandatory schooling in most european countries and ample oppurtunities to climb the socioeconomic ladder means that low income immigrant families will ( generally ) have children who are better off financially and better educated . 
  which means they 'll have less children on average . 
  this is consistent with the pew projection for 2025-2030 . 
  lastly , many europeans ( meaning people who 're born in europe ) are actually muslims . 
  there are 40 million muslims in europe today . 
  they are not going anywhere . 
  if you would like to see a progressive society where everyone has equal oppurtuniy and prospects , i would say that making a distinction between `` europeans '' and `` muslims '' is detrimental to that utopia which we all aim for . 
  if we can ( and rightly ) demand muslims to embrace european culture and consider europe their home , why ca n't we consider muslims from immigrant families as european ? 
  the identity crisis that results because of exclusion rather than inclusion is the main source of problems with integration which is , in the end , a two way street . 
  a girl commits suicide and that is what you have to say ? 
  talk about being insensitive . 
  you should consider yourself lucky if you have n't actually had the experience of someone close to you committing suicide due to severe depression . 
  the telegraph is actually terrific . 
  i actually * learn * stuff by reading their articles even though i 'm mostly left leaning . 
  but yes , tabloids need to stay on facebook . 
  uk muslim women have on average 3 children compared to non-muslim women who have 1.8 http://www.pewforum.org/2011/01/27/future-of-the-global-muslim-population-regional-europe/ the average fertility rate for muslim women is 2.2 while the average fertility rate for non-muslim women is 1.5 in 25 european countries . 
  by 2025-30 , the average fertility rate for muslim women in the 25 countries for which data are available is expected to drop to 2.0 children per woman , while the average fertility rate for non - muslim women is projected to increase slightly , to 1.6 children per woman . 
  yes , and i just said that things that you are prescribing to the quran are perhaps not things that every muslim absolutely believes in . 
  quran `` encourages '' child rape and beating women as much as the bible `` commands '' killing those who break the sabbath and those who take the lord 's name in vain . 
  only crackpots and fundamentalists who 're geniuely shitty people would justify their vile acts through scripture that has been written thousands of years ago . 
  luckily , most religious are not like that . 
  and that includes muslims in my view . 
  many people are born into a religion so they have no choice . 
  they may diverge away from religion later in life , or maybe embrace the culture of their religon only . 
  for instance , many people in the west are not religious but they still celebrate easter and christmas . 
  the impoortant thing to realize is that all muslims are not alike and do not interpret the scripture in a uniform way . 
   i can make fun of santa claus and the easterbunny and mohammed , people believe in these things but that does n't mean i ca n't make fun of them . 
  i respect that but you have to realize that making fun of santa claus is a bit different than making fun of jesus or mohammad or cracking holocaust jokes . 
  of course , if it 's all done in good taste , there is no problem at all . 
  even charlie hebdu made the mohammad cartoons , not to promote intolerance and hatred , but to satirize modern islamism . 
  but a lot of people like to offend for the sake of offence and i do n't think this kind of mentality is conducive to a healthy , tolerant society where people are supposed to live together in harmony . 
  i 'm not going to get into a theological debate with you . 
  just realize that every religion on the planet has scriptures that contain absurd things . 
  that is absolutely natural , because these scriptures were written thousands of years ago and reflect the morality of that time . 
  it 's a weird argument to make that muslims today live exactly like people in arabia used to live nearly 1500 years ago .
