  it 's pretty much a moot point though , because all of these words ( isis , is , isil , daesh ) mean exactly the same thing . 
  call them whatever they want , i guess the arabs will continue to call them daesh and the west will continue to refer to them as isis or isil . 
  at least everyone is in agreement that these pigs need to be eradicated from the face of the earth . 
   hitler was a nationalist but he was not a socialist which was my point . 
  i was not referring to terrorism which is clearly religiously inspired in a lot of instances ( [ certainly not all ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/world/2015/01/08/3609796/islamist-terrorism-europe/ ) ) . 
  i was talking about riots and civil disobedience such as the [ stolkholm riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_stockholm_riots ) or the [ paris riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_french_riots ) . 
  all of these instances of violences can certainly be described without mentioning the religion of those involved . 
  indeed religion played no role at all and was not a motivation . 
  yet , every time we read about this , the events get simplified to `` muslims rioting '' . 
  this is not fair at all . 
   yet literally every other immigrant group has dealt with the same thing without resorting to terrorism . 
  again , i was not talking about terrorism . 
  i was talking about civil disobedience . 
  and other immigrant groups have rioted [ such as in london ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ) when they have felt that they were being treated unfairly by the authorities . 
  i do agree with a lot of what you have to say . 
  i mean i can only roll my eyes when people start talking about `` muslim riots '' in stolkholm and paris . 
  right , so baltimore and new york must be `` christian riots '' somehow . 
  the underlying causes of such events such as ghettoisation of an immigrant community , lack of economic oppurtunity , issues of income inequality and class , police brutality etc are completely ignored and somehow islam is to blame for everything . 
  this type of discussion is absolutely cringe worthy . 
  at the same time , there are those who criticize all religions and their conservative aspects . 
  islam , as a religion which has the most conservative adherents at present time , should specially be under scrutiny and muslims themselves should be leading the charge to weed out these elements amongst them . 
  this , i would argue , has nothing to do with racism or bigotry and is absolutely essential for a secular , liberal democracy . 
  no one denies that bigotry and xenophobia against dark skinned people and muslims exists . 
  but it does n't mean that we become ignorant of real problems within certain minority communities and shout `` racist '' at any legitimate criticism of religion . 
  daesh is literally the same thing as `` islamic state in iraq and syria '' . 
  it 's just an abbreviation of their arabic name , just like isis is an abbreviation of their english name . 
  i do n't think they 'll be too happy at being called isis though , since isis is the name of an egyptian goddess . 
  paganism is despised by them too . 
  anyway , this idea that by calling them daesh instead of `` islamic state '' is somehow giving them less credibility as a state is somewhat legitimate too . 
  studies have shown that names have a strong correlation with public psyche and their perception of an organization . 
  but it 's funny because this phenomenon is a result of ignorance of what daesh actually means . 
  in my view , names are a bad way to judge an entity . 
  the `` national socialists '' certainly were not socialists and the `` democratic republic of north korea '' certainly is not democratic . 
  you are making a whole lot of assumptions . 
  how does it make sense that this family would have been honest hard working people if they had stayed in czech but now that they have moved to germany , the have suddenly become '' leeches '' and `` freeloaders '' with entitled attitude ? 
  have i somehow landed in the twilight zone because i do n't understand this logic !, 
  the way i see it , is that western europe is an economic powerhouse and is thus more attractive to migrants . 
  it is thus only logical that these people prefer the west as it offers more opportunity . 
  now whether they are only coming to '' leech the system '' or not , i would hesitate to engage in lazy generalizations and instead decide on a case to case individual basis . 
  besides , germany has border controls so a person who has already been registered as a refugee in another country will not be allowed to emter . 
  so all of this is irrelevant . 
  you deleted your comment ( or it was deleted ) so here is my response to that comment : i was drawing a parallel between the fear mongering and paranoia about catholic immigrants to the united states in the past and the same kind of rhetoric about muslims today . 
   christians underwent a very gradual period of enlightenment called the renaissance imperialism , colonialism and brutal slavery of hundreds of millions was still being practiced by christians and justified by biblical decrees as late as 2 centuries after the renaissance period had ended . 
  and let me remind you of the iraq war which was whole heartedly supported and pushed for by the evangelical right in your country , which incidentally happen to be the same people who fully support israel so that they could see the world collapse in degradation and war so that jesus could come back to earth . 
  so do not push this `` christians underwent a reformation '' narrative . 
  secularism is the only force keeping theocrats at bay . 
  and that is true for muslims as well as christians . 
  true , muslims specially have a problem with secularism than christians today and that needs to be addressed . 
   there has n't been anything that remotely resembles the scale of al qaeda or isis that labels itself christian that is a ridiculous claim . 
  just look at the history of colonialism and how christianity was `` brought '' to africa and the americas . 
  just an example : in south africa several christian churches actively promoted racial divisions through the political philosophy of apartheid . 
  just google the `` dutch reformed church `` which came to be known as the `` official religion '' of the national party during the apartheid era . 
  but we have gone off on a tangent here . 
  my original purpose , like i have stated , was not to compare christians and muslims but the level of fear mongering that was happening than and that is happening now . 
  as far as the argument of the scriptures is concerned , i stand by my point that both scriptures have been used to justify violence and wars . 
  it is however essential , that we do not reduce an individual human being to literalist and hardline interpretation of the scripture they follow in the year 2015 . 
  western philosophy lays value on individualism and it is a disservice that we do to our own values by engaging in lazy generalisations . 
   the crusades are completely dwarfed by jihad i was not referring to crusades when i mentioned `` catholic-protestant '' wars but the several european wars like the [ french wars of religion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_wars_of_religion ) , [ the thirty years ' war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) etc. 
   birth rates for muslims higher than natives that is true but the difference is minimal . 
  muslims have 1.6 children per woman , germans have 1.3 children per woman . 
  i recognize that there is a demographic problem in germany and that it should not be the case that immigration is supposed to be a magic wand that solved everything , but i also do not buy the crazy notion that germans will be somehow `` outbred '' and german culture is somehow in danger of extinction because of newcomers . 
  if this culture has survived thousands of years and two world wars and in the process has improved itself and transformed itself , it will survive a few migrants . 
  for the record , i have substantial problems with germany 's immigration policies and their execution at this time . 
  i do not support illegal immigration at all . 
  but i 'm also a realist and i know that the challenges faced by the country ( and by europe ) at the time are beyond what a singular person like me feels or thinks . 
  the asylum seekers are there at the border and according to eu laws and the multitude of human rights standards that europe prescribes for itself , they are to be processed and granted refuge if their claim to political asylum is proven to be a correct one . 
  the government is doing all it can to solve this problem in a humanitarian way and this is something i support . 
  and yes , it is considered a problem by the vast majority of germans but the solutions to solve this problem are different , from fighting the origins of the refugee crisis , pushing for peace in syria to closed borders and fences . 
  it 's a free country , everyone can say their opinion and i have no doubt that this country will overcome this crisis , like it overcame the euro crisis and the greek debt crisis . 
  but to then say that this country will become somehow become a caliphate is just nonsence , loon talk . 
   call it fear-mongering , but those are the statistics . 
  no , that is just blatant fear mongering . 
  where do your statistics originate from ? 
  what you 're doing is a quick and dirty act of mathematics . 
  it is called a straight line projection , meaning that you are relying on the idea that if trends continue the way they 're going now , the world will change in such-and-such a fashion . 
  this almost never pans out in a dynamic world where there are so many variables and everything can change so quickly . 
   replacing your native population with foreign ones fear mongering again . 
  what is this `` replacement '' that you are talking about ? 
  replacement would mean that the germans are being sent to syria and syrians are coming to germany . 
  that is not the case is it ? 
   quotations from 1400 year old book i do not care what a book that is thousands of years old has to say . 
  come on dude . 
  quoting from scripture is entry level keyboard warrior . 
  you and i both know that it is not correct to reduce a religious person to things that are apparently so explicity commanded in their books . 
  religious scriptures are by their very nature obsolete documents as they were written thousands of years ago . 
  so obviously , they reflect the morality of the time they were written in . 
  i can quote verses from the bible from the old and new testament that are similarly strange but it 's all too silly for me . 
  you ca n't reduce a person to their scripture , you just ca n't . 
  human beings are way more complex than that . 
   population of christians who adhere to a slightly different belief-set than protestants wtf . 
  protestants and catholics have fought multiple wars and accused each other of heresy throughout their history . 
  bro love is actually on a completely different level in the middle east . 
  you 'd know that if you had been there yourself . 
  two guys walking together hand in hand is an extremely common sight , more so than western europe . 
   islamic caliphate of germany , i think that 's a whole bunch of nonsensical fear mongering . 
  in your own country , the great fear a hundred years ago was that catholics from poor countries like italy , poland and ireland would out-breed the protestant majority . 
  the great wave of european immigration to the u.s. was underway and people thought catholics were going to multiply and sort of take over and change the united states '' with their allegiance to rome . 
  now , of course , six out of the nine justices on the supreme court now are catholic . 
  if you told people back then that this was going to happen , they would have thought we were headed for a papist takeover in the u.s. . what changed ? 
  catholics did breed .
