  wars and poverty , that the west has substantially contributed to . 
  so if you really want to stop migrantion , you would have to go to the origin of the problem and care about tackling the reasons why these people have to leave their countries !, 
  stopping the civil war in syria is one thing for instance . 
  and this has nothing to do with empathy just facts . 
  everything you say is true . 
  tribalism is disguting though . 
  it shows that we have n't evolved quite past our primate ancestors and just have delusions of superiority . 
  just saying . 
  it will be a disaster for the stock markets and european economy if eu is dissolved . 
  that is what i meant . 
  u.n. and human rights criticism amounts to nothing these days , but it sure will be a pr blow . 
  impossible to do . 
  eu is too divided on this issue for this to ever manifest . 
  not to mention the pr disaster it will be for europe , the criticism it will recieve from the united nations and human rights associations , might as well lead to crashes in major european stock markets . 
  this is not a real solution at all and just the wet dreams of a far right lunatic . 
  even the literal word of god offers a scope of interpretation . 
  which is why we see so many muslim denominations , from hardline salafists to spiritual , meditating sufis . 
  we have muslims murdering christians in iraq in the name of islam and we have muslims protecting synagogues in western europe in the name of their religion and humanity . 
  so this notion that just because the quran is considered to the literal word of god means that every single muslim person has to be a literalist is just demonstrably wrong . 
  islamic theologically is diverse just like christian theology . 
  the premise was `` muslims are bad because quran is bad and has horrible things '' . 
  the relevant response to that is always `` well , the bible is horrible too , but you ca n't demonize christians because of that '' . 
  but everytime this discussion happens , the next response is always highlighting this supposed fundamental difference between the bible and the quran which proves that muslims are bad but christians are somehow good despite the twisted things in their scripture . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  the fundamental point is that all religious scriptures offer a scope of interpretation . 
  which is why both the quran and the bible have been used in the past to justify slavery , holy wars , genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  luckily , most religious people do not interpret their scripture that way today and we 're better off because of it . 
  i am not a biblical scholar , nor a quranic one . 
  but i do concede that both books contain outdated passages , as is expected , they were revealed thousands of years ago after all . 
  the real challenge is to differencite between a book written thousands of years ago and between people living in the year 2015 and how they choose to understand and interpret it . 
  obviously , muslims do not regard muhammad as a bad person and a rapist or whatever . 
  if that were true , they would not consider him their prophet now would they ? 
  what 's weird is , the critics of muhammad use the exact same sources ( quran and muslim traditions ) to discredit muhammad that the muslims use to praise him and prove him to be a perfect example of morality . 
  so that tells me that there is a fundamental difference between the understanding of the life of muhammad and a huge communication gap between muslims and non-muslim critics of muhammad regarding this issue . 
  there is no `` objective '' truth regarding this man who lived 1400 years ago , because his life and actions have been mythicized to such an extent and have been reinterpreted to fit within the morality and zeitgeist of the time , both by muslims and non-muslims . 
  his position as a prophet for a faith of billions , though , is undeniable . 
  10 year old poll . 
  it also does n't define what `` sharia '' is supposed to mean . 
  [ here is a recent one for britain ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-31293196 ) . 
  95 % of muslims feel loyal to britain and 93 % believe that they should follow british laws . 
  british law , not sharia or something else . 
  it just proves that muslims are a diverse group of people with different beliefs and it is wrong to put them all in one pot . 
  some countries are more liberal than others , that is for sure . 
  it also proves that op 's theory that `` because quran is against gender eqality , a muslim can never be for equal treatment of men and women '' is absolutely wrong . 
  i think you have to concede that violence against women is a problem in germany when [ 25 % of all german women ] ( http://www.bmfsfj.de/bmfsfj/gleichstellung,did=73010.html ) say that they have been a victim of domestic violence . 
  this violence that comes from all parts of society needs to be addressed . 
  and this can not be done by blaming a 1400 year old book since not only muslims are implicated in domestic violence . 
   you can see in the whole middle east and in africa again with the generalisations . 
  have you ever visited tunisia ? 
  or turkey ? 
  or lebanon ? 
  maybe you should because you seem quite ignorant and painting a broad brush . 
  blaming thousand year old scripture for problems of 21st century like misogyny and domestic violence that exist in every society will accomplish nothing . 
  okay so maybe you had some bad experiences with muslims . 
  my experience has been positive . 
  so i know that you ca n't generalize and treat every single muslim like some sort of hive mind who all believe in the same thing !, 
   every muslim has the right to rape underage girls i do n't think that a sexual offender and pedophile needs the blessings of a man who live thousands of years ago to rape children . 
  such people are sick , not religious . 
  and sick people exist in every group and community . 
  the problem with this line of thinking is is that you blame a book written 1400 years ago for an asshole who hits his wife . 
  i am sure you know that domestic violence is a huge problem in germany in general ? 
  people need to be held accountable for their own actions !, 
  if a person who is a fucking insane asshole beats his wife , then he belongs in jail !, 
  muslim or not . 
  i fail to see how it is relevant what a thousand year old book has to say on the subject . 
  bible also says a lot of ridiculous things but christians today pick and choose what they follow . 
  muslims who have decided to live in the modern world do the same . 
  i think if you were to ask that question to a lot of right leaning people nowadays in germany , people would say men and women have equal rights but a woman is supposed to be a mother and stay at home and take care of children . 
  this kind of sexism is widespread in society , not only amongst muslims . 
  btw . 
  looking at polling , a lot of muslims support equal rights for men and women , namely 89 % in turkey , 95 % in lebanon , 79 % in pakistan , 64 % in indonesia , 61 % in jordan etc. 
  [ source ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2010/07/01/gender-equality/ ), 
  the point is not all jews are the same and they do n't follow the old testament to the last letter . 
  same is true for the muslims . 
  you can not say `` muslim believe a '' or `` muslims believe b '' because those statements are bound to be illogical for such a diverse group of people which has its numbers in the billions . 
  sure , some of the basic things like `` muslims believe in a god '' are true enough but it is kinda ridiculous to suggest that `` muslims believe men and women are not equal '' when i personally know lot of muslims who never have any problem with a man or a woman . 
  in fact , i know way too many germans who are sexist than i do muslims . 
  i think misogyny is a problem in reddit too . 
  that 's not to say that muslims can not be sexist , of course they can . 
  but that is true for every group of people and you have to treat each person individually . 
  not generalize and come to wrong conclusions !, 
  duisburg has a problem with organised crime like the italian ndrangheta mafia and other libanese clans . 
  remember the [ murder of 6 people ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/mafiamorde_von_duisburg ) infront of an italian restaurant in duisburg in 2007 ? 
  that city needs policing that for sure . 
  but i think you 're confused because you mixing up religion with crime and then calling duisburg a `` sharia zone '' . 
  or were those italians muslims too ? 
  i think you personally do not know any muslim people that is why you are generalizing so much . 
  muslims are a diverse group of people and there are those who are fundamentalists but also those who are perfectly integrated people who want to live in peace . 
  just like among germans you have racists and nazis and then those who are normal people interested in making a living for themselves and their families . 
  as far as i know , if you have a `` duldung '' you are not elligible to bring in your family by means of family reunification . 
  and is n't the german government working to make the system better and ensure faster deportations and asylum application processing ? 
  so op still has to prove that his figure of `` 10 million in 5 years '' holds any water when put under scrutiny . 
  to me , it just amounts to fear mongering and is not based on facts . 
  again you are assuming that a muslim person will not want to work with a woman . 
  only fundamentalists will have a problem , not a normal person . 
  unless you believe that muslim = automatically a fundamentalist ? 
  which is very wrong as there are people who have different interpretations of their religion within islam !, 
  just like in judaism we have jews who are secular , even atheist , and jews who are so orthodox that they wo n't even sit beside a woman on a plane . 
   neuk\u00f6ln i have been to neuk\u00f6ln and it is ridiculous to suggest that it is a sharia zone or some other nonsense . 
  it is a neighbourhood where a lot of foreigners live , that is for sure .
