it 's not like we do n't already have fiber across the whole country and 400/400 rolling out in major cities, 
  salazar was dead by the time of the revolution , we deposed his sucessor , marcelo caetano . 
  also for the `` begging '' part , i fail to see how is that true , portugal asked for a loan from the imf ( and since it 's a member state of both the eu and the imf it 's entitled to all benefits , including monetary support ) , also for the last couple years our economy has grown slowly and we are in the process of unfreezing the public sector wages , lowering taxes and pushing for a increase of the minimum wage . 
  internal unity, 
  i meant that portugal is united now , spain always had a bunch of groups that did n't identify themselves as `` spanish '' , but as basque , catalonian , etc. . portugal never suffered from this , we never had any region striving to split from the rest and claiming they were a separate culture . 
  all our civil wars came from political origins, 
  and this is why portugal won , at least our population is united, 
  i think we should just invade and reinstate the byzantine empire, 
  why ? 
  both portugal and spain are developed countries, 
  i would vote for lusitania, 
  i can speak spanish and we have a similar culture . 
  is right now galicia or catalunia declared secession i could go fight for them . 
  now if i was captured and told them my name was juan how would they know i was portuguese ? 
  the entire 20th century really ; the cold war , the afghenistan involvement , the constant pressure to distabilize eastern europe , the bomber fly-bys of europe , the syria carpet bombing ... want some more ? 
  i find that hard to believe , it 's not like it 's hard for a russian to disguise himself as a ukrainian . 
  but your persistence got me wondering , why are are russians so dismissive of the actions of your government ? 
  it was a hyperbole , most likely there was n't a 10 to 1 ratio ; but russians were heavily involved for sure , there was no way that a couple of rebels could gain so much ground that easily . 
  it 's not like the russians are n't know for directly supporting rebellions with equipment and manpower, 
  there is no point in arguing this further , even if i had all the proof in the world you would say that it was fake anyway, 
  just because they were n't captured does n't mean they were n't there, 
  easy there , putin, 
  because once hitler killed himself all the ss divisons stood down / s it only takes one man to spread the idea , and like other people said above you guys should really stop being so defensive about your past and just own up to it, 
  remember me again why you guys keep prowling / r/europe ? 
  i guess it 's a * little * hard to support your unemployed population when it 's literally half of it, 
   street is named to honor the great man of it 's nation . 
  coming from a neutral point of view , that man was everything but a honor deserving person , he worked with the nazis and his organization killed at least 35k people just because they were poles . 
  another regular run-of-the-mill genocidal strongman, 
  yes, 
  every year we have the wildfire problem , but this year is being expectionaly worse probably due to the hellish temperatures and the wind prevalent in the last few days, 
  yes , scots used claymore mines for great effect since the middle ages, 
  it 's called football mate, 
  because we are really in need of that one / s, 
  easy there mate , my salt storage unit is almost full, 
  we 'll hold you to that , 
  but denmark behaves and stays quiet, 
  we blame merkel aswell, 
  we could use some democracy, 
  you must, 
  soon ... 
  they are, 
  savage, 
  how can they still be considered turkish when if they were born in another country and never been to turkey ? 
  truth be told , most people outside france ca n't name one of your dishes if their lives depended on it , while most know half dozen italian dishes, 
  kek, 
  probably , we have 3 completely different police branches, 
  i wish i could understand greek, 
  i bet you 're french , 
  you remind me of july 2016 , you frenchies get so angry in defeat, 
  portugal # 1 the time for the second empire begins now lets make portugal great again, 
  spain was formed way later than portugal, 
  our popcorn is also sweet , you weirdos, 
  missing the old days ? 
  we have stereotypes ? 
  we just kill black and brown people sight mostly , specially all those who came here from the colonies and can have nationality pretty easily . 
  also we are all snow white so we can find them pretty easily . 
  it 's a shame really , most spaniards identify more with the french or the italians than with us :(, 
  yea it is, 
  still , public universities should be free for everyone . 
  why would anyone go to college there then ? 
  1000e per year is already too much ... 
  and france, 
  tread carefully , in a few years time you not even have a galicia anymore ... 
  once again , eastern europe shows what they are really made of, 
  humor me , how much would be the total tuition fees for a bachelor degree in the us ? 
   spain : spain . 
  both as a whole or by parts , and i use the abstract term `` parts '' because the mere fact of calling them communities , inner nations , countries or any other term would start the shitshow . 
  please , you know very well who 's your only rival ... 
  it would . 
  there have been some diplomatic problems with angola lately due to scandals relating the angolan vice president but i would say we have excellent relations with the rest of the former colonies . 
  god , i love switzerland, 
  yeah no , it 's free here too , unless it 's a bank specific atm , in which case your card wo n't work at all , all atm 's are managed by the same company and you pay no fees whatsoever to withdraw money regardless of the bank . 
  italians, 
  do n't forget most portuguese migrants in spain speak spanish fluently ( out of need since you ca n't understand portuguese for shit ), 
  i was in london a couple weeks back and had lunch at a nando , they do n't serve anything remotely like our food really . 
  also the when we asked for a coffee when we were done , they asked `` which one ? 
  we liked gold tho, 
  you think that 's little variation ? 
  most of the people i know have no non-portuguese ancestors at all ( at least up to grandfathers ), 
  of course you saw one, 
  holland ( * holanda * ) - always , the direct translation of netherlands is * pa\u00edses baixos * ( low countries ) is only used in some formal documents england ( * inglaterra * ) - almost always , usually people mean the uk when they use england since most people here do n't know the uk is a union of states and not a single country yankees - we do n't have any translation of this word , but we call them * americanos * ( americans ), 
  i meant the effiency to convey thoughts using portuguese vs brazilian portuguese , they take a lot longer to say the same thing, 
  is that really a thing ? 
  i really did not knew what he meant , i 've been to spain dozens of times in my life and no one ever mentioned that before, 
   proeminent our army was in europe between 18th and 20th  peninsular war pick one, 
  the cop would lose it 's badge , jail time and most likely would pay a hefty fine to the family . 
  and i 'm not even kidding , most of the times a cop shoots someone here , even in self-defense , they get shafted, 
  spain , spain is literally the most mocked country on the face of this country . 
  and the germans , we mock the germans a lot . 
  and the french , and sometimes the english, 
  it really depends , my mother and my aunts and uncles were all born in angola and they have no discernible accent . 
  while i also have a angolan co-worker and she has a pretty recognizable accent, 
  brazilian , they took a otherwise beautiful and efficient language and completely ruined it, 
  badly , after all his troops invaded , pillaged and looted our countryside, 
  switzerland, 
  you should `` crazy xenophobic '' to the polish list, 
  good point , here i can go to the er and not pay a small fortune, 
  holy tits that 's some low taxes , here pretty much everything is 21 %, 
  mostly as pointless war , the germans started attacking our possesions in africa and in 1916 the british demanded we seized a bunch of german and austro-hungarian ships which prompted the central powers to declare war . 
  we then sent 60k soldiers to the western front , where around 14k of them would be casualties .
