fuck off preacher , you spread the word of hate disguised as love , your pitious attempts to rake in money for corrupt and wasted men to abuse the innocent and rob the poor is no less than banditry . 
  the bible is a child 's story book , like the grimm fairy tales , that is much darker and horrific than it 's modern counterparts , only taken literally in it 's pure form . 
  i hope a hell exists so your kind can rot in it . 
  his mind , his training , and his skill . 
  if any god gave a damn about us , they would n't have invented plague , and genocide , and war , and hate . 
  because clearly , god piloted that plane did n't he , not the pilot . 
  business no build on forest forest burned down build on burnt forest land step 5 : ? 
  step 123 : there were steps ? 
  no , you 're a person who ca n't comeback and decided to call me an idiot because you could n't think of a response . 
  we 're done here . 
  2 people is not the same as the 9 killed in the sc church shooting . 
  the two is germany were two very old people who were killed before the suspect was detained , and his motivation was he snapped . 
  the nine in south carolina ( that 's 7 more lives , 7 more humans dead because of a maniac ) were all mixed ages , and his motivation was racial infused hatred . 
  this is a double homicide . 
  not a mass shooting . 
  school shootings . 
  that 's because there was no denmark , sweden and norway were the two nordic entries this year . 
  i know , but we do n't want them to become too french , then we could n't make the excuse of training exercises !, 
  or jersey ? 
  talk to his wife or somethin . 
   shows their ambitions . 
  to turn off a nuclear reactor ? 
  nuclear reactors take insane amounts of damage to meltdown . 
   to bridge understanding tell that to the muslim immigrants in bradford who go around using verbal racial attacks on whites . 
  bradford is not safe for white people anymore . 
  they do n't want to understand , they want to control . 
  it 's a joke , there 's a campaign in the uk from a few years back or something . 
  there 's an episode of outnumbered where someone says ` cancer is just a word ' and the middle child one ( ben ) says it constantly throughout the episode . 
  ` genocide ' is just a word . 
  just like ` cancer ' is just a word, 
   we 're all humans , so we 're all the same . 
  no we 're not , we 're products of our cultures and theirs is one of barbarism, 
  i ca n't keep doing this migrants need to be stopped and re-educated before they come into civilisation . 
  no , no it 's not . 
  unless we remember past horror we may one day find it acceptable again . 
  mein kampf is the universal book for anti-fascism . 
  ` culture ' - the way of life for a group of people . 
  this includes * law * , * religion * and * social practices *, 
  yeah , cos terrorist are a fucking joke , that 's why . 
  we do n't rush to action , we do n't `` defend the free world '' by bombing civilians . 
  we stand together , and we show them peace , and they see war , and we let their people speak against them . 
  the greatest influence on isis are your allies in the middle east . 
  so do n't come over here and start telling us what to do . 
  you have no idea of the repercussions . 
  the reason isis has formed is because the iraqi army was disbanded at the end of the iraq war , and the men went and joined illegal militias , that joined together into is . 
  very . 
  it 's not an eu country . 
  no one 's life is worth anything , they 're a human , woop-dee-fuckin-doo , there 's been a lot of them before and a lot of them after , it 's not special to be alive . 
  and people with ds and cp are suffering from a disease that they would n't have suffered from had they not been born , whether that impedes their life or not , i 'm no judge , what i am a judge on is that if someone suffers , if you have a hereditary illness that will or is likely to harm that human , and when they are born , they have that disease , it is the fault of the human who was so selfish that they had to have a child , even if it meant torturing another human , and denying them a normal existence , when there are orphanages filled with children . 
  also , if you want to argue , argue the point , my point was that letting that person give birth and them giving birth to that human was forcing another human to suffer , that 's as immoral as can be i think . 
  you could respond to that argument in a rational manner . 
  instead , like a child , you respond with insults . 
  i 'm not going to waste my time giving you more attention . 
  do you know how much an individual citizen is worth ? 
  nothing , absolutely , fucking , nothing . 
  that child that mother is paying more for , pointless , because she might be unemployed , which means you 're lowering her income , and thus the life chances for the child you 've just forced to exist , and thus made them worse off and another pointless fucking human life . 
  i know that , that 's how the law works , but you compared him to hitler/nazism and holding those views , and thus he wins the argument . 
  also reading further down the comment chain i can see you 're clearly another immature man-child who thinks he 's funny . 
  there 's 7 billion humans on the planet , i do n't think we need you . 
  and what if that baby has down syndrome , or cerebal palsy ? 
  you 're letting a human being suffer if it 's born . 
  that 's torture , that 's immoral , not killing something that does n't know it exists, 
   now personally i could n't give a fuck if abortion was legal myself . 
  however i have a warning for my polish friends , beware the vested interest groups such as foreign pro-abortion groups no one is pro-abortion , they 're pro-choice . 
  godwin 's law you troll . 
  so you 're going to punish someone who just went through a horrific process , and may have been raped , or the baby may kill the mother if she gives birth * slow clap * i 'd call you an inconsiderate cunt , but i doubt you lack the warmth and depth necessary to provide pleasure , so instead . 
  just fuck off . 
  it 's harlow , it 's a shithole , this `` gang '' is probably a bunch of racist idiots who think they 're `` hard as fuck gangsters '' like [ these tossers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb0eqenadoc0 ), 
  maybe 's he 's just become the new italy . 
  wow , someone 's a bit angry . 
  what repressed issues do you have that you feel the need to express by attacking something meant as a clear joke ? 
  they 're not in europe , move on . 
  no one gives a fuck about israel . 
  no love for south africa ? 
  guys , this guy is right wing and insults people left ( and mostly left ) ... 
  elect him prime minister , #makebritaingreatagain, 
  you do know the romanian government is corrupt right ? 
  robot cops would follow orders to the letter , and the hooligans who tried to break up this protest would have succeeded . 
  not really , the two have had good relations, 
  democracies are built on compromise . 
  will they likely go through with the people 's vote ? 
  absolutely . 
  should they vote yes if their constituency did n't ? 
  absolutely not . 
  so you 're saying the representatives in a representative democracy should n't represent ? 
  no , 52 % of the people want to leave , mps do not just represent the 52 % , they represent the whole country . 
  the pope !, 
  how many divisions does he have ? 
  you know , not every idea that has ` right-wing ' associated with it is bad and not every idea that has ` left-wing ' associated with it is good , right ? 
  you act like the left does n't do the exact same thing . 
  it appears to be a colonial era map , as russia controls vladivostok, 
  not occupied , but under control of . 
  i presume . 
  iran in ww2 was controlled by the soviets and uk , but was n't formally ` occupied ' . 
  it is after colonial , russia controls vladivostok . 
  well , it is , was and probably always will be , part of europe . 
  prior to the revolution in 1917 they were european , they were still in europe afterwards and throughout the cold war . 
  liberia was ` colonised ' by the united states , ethiopia was taken over by mussolini 's italy in 1936 . 
  you do know that non-white people can do bad things as well and white people can do good things too right ? 
  maybe we should look at people and their personalities and not their skin colour/nationality to judge them instead of what you 're doing .
