  schmalzbrot is pretty tasty . 
  you should try it . 
  some like to add salt to it . 
  most european countries have classical liberal parties but they have n't fared very well the last years . 
  germany has the fdp , the uk has the libdems , spain has ciudadanos . 
  hahaha dae military alliance with some sovereign european countries = occupation of europe hahaha, 
  those bases in europe are parts of other sovereign nations that allow the us to apply their jurisdiction in those places . 
  the us itself has no territory in europe and does n't have anything to do with / r/askeurope . 
  for most of the post-war time we had a two-and-a-half party system with the cdu/csu for all rightwingers , the spd for all leftwingers and the fdp for the few liberals . 
  the elections were fights between the two big parties and whichever party got more votes then formed a coalition with the fdp to govern . 
  in the 80s the greens got seats in the parliament and broke the old system up , in the 90s the sed renamed itself pds and and got seats in the parliament ( they merget with another party and are now called die linke ) and a short time ago the afd became popular and will win seats in the next-year parliamentary elections . 
  the electorate is splitting the parliament into ever smaller pieces . 
  the problem is that in germany a government needs to be voted in by an absolute majority of the bundestag so with so many small parties the only possible way to form a government is a coalition between the two big parties . 
  neither leftwingers nor rightwingers are happy with this so they vote for fringe parties and make it even more impossible for the grand coalition to change . 
  what i intended to say is that it 's not that new in germany . 
  those people held the same views since forever , they were just content with voting cdu beofre the refugee crisis . 
  it 's not a `` new patriotism '' , it 's just a bunch of ultraconservatives that existed before but did n't have political representation . 
  they got themselves one because the refugee crisis made it clear that the cdu ca n't represent them anymore . 
  the complaining culture . 
  everyone has traditionally always been complaining . 
  it 's the weather , politics , or just the general state of being , knoddern , raunzn or sudern . 
  part of the tradition is that you continue complaining but never do anything . 
  approval ratings of german politicians are always abnormally high in comparison with other countries , political activism is rare . 
  when merkel 's approval ratings fell from around 80 % to around 50 % we were shocked , * shocked * but you can bet hollande with his 4 % has never been more envious . 
  that sounds nice but it 's very unlikely that 's the reason . 
  people are n't more patriotic now than they were before , there are just growing resentments against immigration and the like which impressed themselves in the rise of the afd during the refugee crisis . 
  germans like emigrating there . 
  also mounties . 
  edit : emigration not immigration, 
   i thought that secularism is granted  there are countries in europe ( e.g. 
  denmark , england , iceland , greece and norway ) with actual full-blown state religions , though it 's mostly a traditional thing and has no real impact, 
  same language , very similar culture , joint history of the hre ( the emperor was austrian for the most time ) , austrians even considered themselves german for the longest time . 
  little nitpicking here , the referendum was only in schleswig , there was no referendum in holstein because it was almost 100 % german . 
  schleswig was n't just dicided into district and a natural line was drawn afterwards , instead schleswig was divided into two zones . 
  the northern zone had to vote as a whole while the southern zone had to vote separately in each district . 
  the intention was to give denmark as much land as possible while still operating in a democratic environment . 
  basically it was a successful attempt of gerrymandering . 
  the entente knew that the northern zone as a whole would vote danish and thus give the german-speaking border-regions to denmark while still having the possibility to give single districts in the southern zone to denmark . 
  [ that 's how it looked . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1f/abstimmung-schleswig-1920.png ) during the referendum a german historian tried to convince the entente to accept his proposal for the new border which would have evened out the size of danish/german minority in each country instead of giving denmark a much larger german minority , though he was unsuccessful . 
  still , the new border was so accurate that it was never disputed ever since then , not even by hitler who pretty much disputed every border in europe . 
  well , that goes both ways . 
  russia used to care a lot about good relations with ukraine because ukraine is extremely important from a strategic view , even more so when they still controlled crimea . 
  there was just some point during the development of ukraine moving ever closer to the west where the government decided `` fuck it , we lost ukraine , let 's at least occupy the donbass and crimea . '', 
  the us , no doubt about hat . 
  trump 's views on foreign policy may seem catastrophic for europe but they 're still much closer to europe 's interests than china is . 
  you sure ? 
  the english nobility lost that war and england was conquered by the french-speaking normans - and yet we get taught english and not french because the language survived with a lot of french vocabulary and influence . 
  we had plenty of wars with euroepan losses but hitlers successful campaign of mass murder and genocide is definitely special . 
  it 's also much more recent than the mongols who went on a comparable killing spree . 
  it 's just that hitler is so far away to africa and in many african countries education is n't that great so they do n't necessarily know what he actually did . 
  oh they certainly are parties with this stance in europe , quite a lot actually and one of them is in government right now . 
  op just has to go to russia . 
  i remember talking to some swedish exchange students years ago . 
  they said there was an instance where a journalist addressed the king with `` ni '' and he turned his head around and wondered which other guys the journalist was talking to . 
  is that true ? 
  did that happen at some point ? 
   some teachers will start addressing their students with `` sie '' not just some of them , it 's standard . 
  as the simpsons put it so beautifully :  `` individually we are weak , like a single twig , but as a bundle we form a mighty faggot ! '', 
  - martin prince on fascism, 
  never had a snow day during the 13 years i went to school . 
  we do have something called [ hitzefrei ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hitzefrei ) if it 's too hot . 
  how much `` too hot '' is , that 's up to the company/school . 
  in my secondary school we had hitzefrei from classes 5-9 if the classrooms were hotter than thirty-something degrees , though i recall a number of times it seemed very hot to me but we still had to stay . 
  might be perception . 
  never been to london or the paris outskirts ? 
  the afd used to be a one-issue party campaigning to bring the mark back . 
  now they 're a real party with a broad spectrum and that 's not a priority anymore . 
  wtf is wrong with elsass-lothringen in this map ? 
  tl ; dr : balance of power . 
  for most of the time there was little doubt the austria was part of this unclearly defined region of `` germany '' and that its inhabitants were german ( defined by language and culture ) . 
  during the 19th century there were attempts to unify this `` germany '' that failed . 
  most of germany was finally unified under prussian dominance . 
  the huge austrian empire was the second most powerful state holding parts of `` germany '' at that time and they resisted the prussians , though austria-hungary would later be a close ally . 
  austrians at that time still very much considered themselves german . 
  after wwi austria-hungary was broken up into nationstates . 
  [ german-austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_german-austria ) was formed as the german part of the former empire . 
  now that the empire was dead , german-austria immediately wanted to join germany because they thought there was no reason for them anymore to stay independent . 
  but the treaty of versailles barred unification forever not to endanger the balance of power in europe . 
  austria was formed . 
  later the [ anschluss ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anschluss ) happened under hitler ( violating versailles ) , confirmed by a partly free plebiscite . 
  at that time austrians cheered but the mood cooled down a lot during wwii . 
  the war was terrible for austria and served to rightfully discredit the german government in the eyes of the austrians . 
  after wwii the allies declared the anschluss null and void for reasons similar to those after wwi . 
  a future anschluss is legally barred . 
  in the decades following the war the austrians started to consider themselves primarily austrian and not german . 
  german identity faded away and today deutschnationale ( austrians who consider themselves german ) are a minority . 
  austria is independent and pround of it . 
  many aspects of their culture as very different . 
  interestingly norbert hofer , presidential candidate in today 's elections , is a deutschnationaler . 
  he 's also a populist and luckily he lost while i was writing this wall of text . 
  hooray !, 
  i respect your opinion but have to admit that until now i thought the stereotype of self-hating germans was , well , a stereotype . 
  to my ears that sounds as absurd as a russian telling me that russia should be broken into pieces to end russian nationalism and reduce russian influence . 
  this example is something i 'd expect to hear from the most crazy polish nationalist war hawks . 
  that 's literally the definition of self-hatred . 
  if you 're interested in the history , there this interesting post in / r/badhistory : https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/4ws96p/belgium_didnt_want_to_exists_and_was_forced_to_be/, 
  used to be part of germany for a very long time . 
  the soviets annexed it and made it a part of the rsfsr for strategic reasons , not poland or lithuania . 
  they replaced the german population with russians so as to have a practically eternal foothold in the important strategic location .
