  at the moment a majority ( 53 % ) are still for the ban ( 38 % against ) , but that 's mostly old people . 
  i guess even germany will change one day . 
  say that again , i live in the state with the strictest rules . 
  in hesse , dancing is banned on 14 religious holidays plus volkstrauertag . 
  in bavaria , music in bars is banned on good friday . 
  until two years ago , dancing was banned on every single sunday in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  glad they changed it . 
  also in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , breaking this law can cost up to 1500 euros . 
  it 's an * ordnungswidrigkeit * , a very german word btw . 
  tbf that 's a thing in switzerland , too . 
  does n't make it better , though . 
  oh hey , you guys have something in common with germany . 
  or well , you had , because all of our states still mandate that businesses have to be closed on sundays . 
  also most of our states maintain a ban on dancing on religious holidays and volkstrauertag . 
  [ neunundneunzig luftballons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la4dcd1auce ) by nena ist probably the most famous one . 
  it 's about the situation of the cold war , when even small things almost led to a nuclear war . 
  in a more general sense it 's about war . 
  great , did n't know that !, 
  i think the problem is that you ca n't really say that in english . 
  when people speak about `` estonians '' they can mean both and op pretty surely meant the latter . 
   russian speaking estonians maybe you could call them `` estonians '' not in the ethnic sense , but in the `` belonging to a country '' sense . 
  in general yes , though there are also parts of the spd that oppose it . 
   it 's the right thing to do ; maybe it is but it 's not the thing brits want . 
   schengen is not part of the eu , thus it might not enrage the brexit people ( as long as they knew they are leaving the eu , not europe ) . 
  one of the main reasons for brexit was opposition to intra-eu migration and open borders in general . 
  they wanted to remain in the common market but gave that up when they were told that free movement was part of the common market . 
  i just do n't see why the uk would suddenly change their mind about that . 
  they were never part of schengen . 
  why would they want to join schengen now that they literally voted no on all things eu ? 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  germany [ does something similar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_tax#germany ) ( and it 's often criticized ) , just that we do it for most larger religious communities . 
  no , i was just wondering . 
  op asked `` europeans who have a state religion '' and / u/reuhka said it should be abolished . 
  i know that sometimes people choose a different flair than the country they live in so i asked which country with a state religion and a state church they are talking about . 
  maybe they live in norway or denmark . 
  i do n't know . 
  [ which of those countries are you from ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_religion#/media/file:map_of_state_religions_\\ ( detailed \\ ) . svg ), 
  for those who do n't know : sweden abolished their state religion in 2000 . 
  vienna actually did pretty much exactly that with the danube . 
  it helps against floods . 
  thanks for writing this . 
  also , i like your username . 
  i remember that my greek textbook in gymnasium had a whole site dedicated to paok  one task was to translate the paok anthem which is n't so easy if you 're going from your ancient greek knowledge . 
  ... as part of a double site dedicated to the greek genocide and the national trauma coming with it which is n't so funny :( edit : oh , i did something stupid again . 
  it was about aek and some sad aek song . 
  i always wondered why in polls greece always comes out as one of the most antisemitic countries in europe . 
  do you have any idea where that comes from ? 
   in the past months i have been fighting anti-russian fools , but most recently i have had to fight anti-american fools as well , since fools are evenly spread on both sides . 
  i disagree with the u.s. troops being labelled an occupation army for one simple reason . 
  we experienced occupation twice last century [ 1939 and 1968 ] and we know what it looks like . 
  this is from milo\u0161 zeman , the only european leader who went to the 2015 russian victory parade . 
  the most pro-russian leader in all of europe . 
  it 's not even officially named the republic of ireland . 
  the official name is just * \u00c9ire * or * ireland * . 
  not that unsual in villages and small towns . 
  and the faroes only have the size of a small town with about 50.000 people . 
   a large portion of the country does n't fancy it ( mainly because the russians will build it ) , is that a huge issue in hungary ? 
  i always thought hungarians are pretty chilled in that aspect . 
  i 've also heard they might be easy to afford . 
  germany 's eastern border , 
  the us military is more capable than the rest of nato combined . 
  we have the `` power '' to put a weak and possibly unstable eu army in its place that probably breaks apart as soon as we try to agree on something . 
  that 's going forward quickly though , is n't it ? 
  very unusual for berlin . 
  so basically we kill nato and leave nothing in its place . 
  sounds terrible . 
  i dunno , i like saxon . 
  it 's very soft and speakers sounds like they 're singing `` sing , mei saggse , sing ... '', 
  sounds similar to kanak sprak . 
  yeah , good luck with those reforms mr macron . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  the southern states have a much better reputation than the northern states . 
  my history books were full of maps , i loved it !, 
  i spent a large part of the * oberstufe * just staring at a large map of europe ( including even the smaller german states ) after the congress of vienna while the teacher was babbling on and on . 
  in this case everyone of the 16 states is a special snowflake because education is solely a matter of the states . 
   in 1996 a short-lived separatist-padanist movement , the padanian independentist movement , was formed in veneto and the federal republic of padania was proclaimed . 
  [ 1 ] another one , veneto padanian federal republic , emerged in 1999 and lasted only a few years . 
  does n't sound as serious as the scots or catalans are . 
   indubitably til edit : yeah sorry , i learned that word today . 
  do n't hit me . 
  it 's not about now at all - it was a question about the current situation in venezuela and `` dude '' compared this to the last days of the soviet union ( also a socialist government collapsing ) , not even providing a judgment on it ( i.e saying if it 's a good or bad thing ) . 
  i 'm not suprised you get banned for nothing in the shut-off safe space that is / r/russia . 
  can you explain why the situation in venezuela has nothing in common with the collapse of the soviet union ? 
  and can you try to not get off-topic like talking about yeltsin ( who `` dude '' did n't even mention ) ? 
  i 'll ask again : do you realize that `` dude '' is talking about the last days of the soviet union , not about current-day russia ? 
  funnily enough , bosnians still pay with marks , a currency pegged to the german mark . 
  the adoption of the euro did n't disturb them , they just pegged their currency to the euro at the exact mark-to-euro rate used at the adoption in germany . 
  you do realize they 're talking about the collapse of the soviet union ? 
  we have volkstrauertag but few people actively observe it . 
  in some villages it 's a huge thing and there 's a ceremony in the reichstag and things like that . 
  i ca n't say anything about other countries but inside germany that 's definitely the case . 
  west germany throughout all of its existence has been more traditional regarding gender roles than east germany and you can still see some of it today . 
  there are people who like california and there are people who dislike it but i 've never heard anybody call it `` sane '' . 
   or california since it seems the most sane . 
  i 'd never have thought i 'd hear this sentence . 
  that was the soviet system , was n't it ? 
  i 've always been told 2 was never really given so it was really just 3-5 . 
  i 've heard wisconsin is famous for its bratwurst and fests . 
  sounds good enough to me .
