  went to the mermaid on the last day to be able to say that i was there and i did n't regret it . 
  loads of awesome monuments and statues there . 
  [ this ship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_frigate_primauguet ) was only a few meters away and i was able to get a glimpse at a couple of french sailors wearing their funny hats with those red pompons . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_cross serbian history has a lot to do with the byzantines . 
  more like vrotswahf . 
  or vratislav in czech and breslau in german . 
  the flag originated in the early 1800s and is older than any other flag germany has used in its history ( if you exclude the hre ) . 
  i 'd say it 's forgivable that they depict it like this . 
  there are a lot of poetic names nobody knows . 
  most of them are archaic forms from before the introduction of the latin names that were used by peasants . 
  19th century poets loved using them . 
  januar - hartung februar - hornung m\u00e4rz - lenzing april - launing mai - winnemond juni - brachet juli - heuet august - ernting september - scheiding oktober - gilbhart november - nebelung dezember - julmond , heilmond , dustermond, 
  also pretty boring . 
  mother 's family has ( as far as i know ) always been living in frankfurt except for a small part of the family that came here in the 1700s as huguenot refugees from france . 
  father 's family has pretty much always been living in a village outside of kirov ( though they had to move a few kilometers from one village to the other in the 60s ) . 
  grandpa managed to get an aryan certificate but only barely because of those huguenots . 
  kind of both , no ? 
  is n't `` eurasian '' a trendy term in russia ? 
  in any case russia objectively has europe biggest population and germany is nr . 
  1 in gdp ) . 
  former carolingian territories of the holy roman empire sounds badass , how could any german object to that ? 
  technically illegal occupation according to international law that occurred between 1945 and 1990 . 
  how does that sound familiar ... 26 years is not a long time and germans have experienced themselves that technically illegal occupations according to international law can actually be as real as it gets . 
  similarly the italian-speaking part of southern tyrol is called welschtirol in german . 
  it ' just that terrorism in most surveys regularly tops the list of greatest fears and russia and trump do n't . 
   europe 's biggest population does this book see russia as non-european ? 
  or is europe here just an abbreviation for european union ? 
  [ canadian anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eplilhpwxco ) [ marseillaise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmhpp7rl64g ) [ god bless america and the star spangled banner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgfbbjhfdgc ) [ wind of change ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggukvicelwm ) [ suliko ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbqyvzk9ysi ) :( i was a fan ( well , i still am , of course ) . 
  this fucking year is killing me . 
  it just wo n't stop . 
  yes i know . 
  i 'm german , we were on the same side , you know . 
  that does n't change that denying the slovakians or croats their right to self-determination is okay just because the hungarians as losers ( together with the germans ) are poor , poor victims who deserve to rule over others as consolation . 
  nobody can make that seem right by saying that they were killng negroes , too . 
  no offense , i know that slovakia was part of hungary , it 's one of the reasons they consider themselves different from the czechs . 
  hungary had a huge influence and a lot of hungarians are still living there . 
  it 's just kinda funny that some hungarians complain about territories being taking from them that are inhabited by other peoples . 
  right to self-determination is a thing . 
  i personally know a few hungarian heretics . 
  nice people , they 're unitarians living in siebenb\u00fcrgen . 
   sie g\u00f6nnen mir nicht schlesien und die grafschaft glatz  und die 100 millionen in meinem schatz ... - fritz turned out to be kinda true after we had to pay reparations and later lost silesia and glatz . 
  oh no , how could they take croatia and slovakia ? 
  they are clearly hungarian soil !, 
  he did n't even assume power yet . 
  but economics was n't exactly the election issue democrats campaigned on . 
  europe and italy also survived berlusconi . 
  extremely unlikely , unfortunately . 
  predictions are brutal . 
  of course we know that predictions can be wrong . 
  hofer was predicted to win by most pollsters , as was clinton . 
  still , `` yes '' is extremely unlikely to happen in italy . 
  not quite . 
  russians are a bit weird : they do n't care about democracy or civil rights and many russians will actually gladly concede that russia is n't doing great in these fields because they have different ideals of good governcance than the west ( and are also being brainwashed by the government-controlled media ) . 
  but they 're not dumb . 
  corruption in russia is an incredibly huge problem and russians can see it . 
  they never question putin himself , but they like to complain about the government a lot , it 's an age-old tradition . 
  if there 's something rotten in the government you can bet russians know about it and complain without actually protesting the government . 
  there are loads of anti-government jokes . 
  trump is not an autocrat ... 
  the nazis never got to legally annexing the country like they did with austria . 
  it was increasingly treated as part of germany but that was it . 
   \u017byrinowski or something like it ahaha , zhirinovsky is a living meme since the 90s . 
  he 's running a huge election campaign right now , he 's the type of guy that makes putin appear totally moderate and reasonable . 
   you are making the same mistake again . 
  are you trying to brand all brexiteers , 52 % of the voters , one-third of the population far-right ? 
  no i 'm not , i 'm talking about mainland europe and parties like front national aka the ones who would answer above questions that way . 
  they 're not the `` liberal europeans '' criticizing brexit . 
  there 's no hypocrisy here , just two different groups . 
   then they preach to us about values etc i think you 're confusing several groups here . 
  the pro-european guys that criticize the uk are not the guys who who would answer the question that way . 
  those guys are absolutely ok with brexit . 
  i doubt `` liberal europeans '' are the ones who elect far-right mps . 
  at least in germany the ones that actually do are totally happy about brexit . 
  has been so at least since the 60s . 
  brits seem to make the issue less about european vs. non-european than about brit vs. non-brit . 
  they 're totally okay with black brits but very anti-immigrant no matter how white or christian or whatever they are . 
  one of the least racist places in euorpe that really hates immigration . 
  the opposition to polish immigrants ( white , catholic , conservative ) for example seems weird to many continental europeans . 
  but brits think in different categories . 
   so , would you say that an atheist born from a christian family is an atheist but christian ? 
  sounds weird but many people actually do feel that way . 
  probably the most useless thing i rember from school . 
  i 'm sure we learned many important things in history i have forgotten by now but metric reading is what i kept . 
  we got our interwar constitution and adopted our current flag today 98 years ago . 
  that 's why august 11th was a countrywide holiday in the weimar republic . 
  we adopted our anthem today 95 years ago . 
  we genocided the herero 113 years ago ( not so great ) . 
  shit i remember i had to translate that in school once . 
  / r/papertowns would love this . 
  i 'm actually okay with this . 
  i used to buy parmiggiano reggiano until i changed to grana padano . 
  i do n't exactly know why but i like it more . 
  it 's just western europe and parts of eastern europe that is `` wrong '' here because it adopted germany 's central european time zone . 
  no , it 's the right coast , both coasts are right . 
  low german even is a co-official language of meck-pomm . 
  do n't be sad , op is wrong . 
  low german was indeed spoken on the baltic coast , i do n't know why they think anything different . 
  while platt is mostly dead they most likely have a low german accent . 
  you did n't even manage to occupy yourselves ? 
  so the smallest difference between ethnic russians and others is in ukraine ?
