  there are nazis , there are people with this kind of racist mindset but they 're few and far fewer than in most european countries outside of western europe and scandinavia . 
  that 's why i wrote `` probably '' . 
  right-wing regimes are less likely to experiment with economic policy because it 's not a part of their ideology . 
  south korea 's right-wing dictatorship transformed the country from one of the poorest countries in asia to one of the richest while nk is nk ( at least after the 70s ) . 
  then again , the gdr did ok economically and definitely better than nazi germany , that 's why i 'd prefer the former to the latter . 
  it 's not a question about the us . 
  writing a wall of text where half of all sentences begin with `` i blame the us '' and the other half are insults does not answer the question . 
  in theory , i 'd take the right-wing regime . 
  if i 'm gon na be silenced and oppressed , at least it 's probably with a working economy with enough toilet paper . 
  for germany it kinda sounds like `` nazi germany or the gdr '' in which i case i 'd probably choose the gdr because it was less extreme , richer and experienced less war and genocide . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_german_monarchs [ also have fun with this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/family_tree_of_the_german_monarchs ) we removed all monarchs during the 1918 revolution , the king of bavaria was the first to go . 
  the hohenzollern dynasty is alive and well , as are most dynasties of german member states ( bavaria , hesse , w\u00fcrttemberg , baden ... ) . 
  i like those more than the boring motifs dm bills had . 
  living on an island generally helps . 
  yeah , i know about jkm . 
  weird guy . 
  yeah , i doubt that reduces the number of depressions . 
  in germany the mostly conservative union and the liberal fdp have formed many governments together . 
  conservatives and classical liberals can usually agree on fiscal conservatism . 
  that 's right - pr\u00e4teritum is almost completely out of use in south german dialects but still very much in use in some north german dialects . 
  tusk is a po member . 
  the po is an adherent of pro-european liberal conservatism - comparable to the german cdu . 
  they ran together with the conservatives against the social democrats . 
  `` basically german in this context '' means austria was part of germany under the nazis and there were a lot of austrian nazis . 
  waiting for the hungarians and lithuanians . 
  wow , that sounds like an amazing experience !, 
  i 've always found the history of the masurians intriguing , such an interesting people !, 
  there 's a nice quote : `` a masurian is mainly characterized by : his polish ancestry , his german mindset , his slavic customs and habits , his polish last name and his german given name , his polish language and his german scripture , polish proverb , german song , slavic piety , protestant denomination . '', 
  incidentally , the name of the guy who wrote this is adolf schimanski  it 's such a shame that the masurian language is almost dead . 
  it only took somewhat more than a century . 
  in 1860 , about 90 % of masuria 's inhabitants were still speaking masurian . 
  after wwi , the percentage had dwindled to around 15 % . 
  in a way , they have themselves to blame for the current state of the language , as they 've always been loyal prussians and germans and kind of made the choice the be german . 
  not only did 90 % of them decide to remain with germany after wwi , many of them also fled westwards after wwii together with the germans . 
  of the remaining ca . 
  160.000 masurians almost all moved to germany in the meantime . 
  only about 5.000 are left and a large part of them see themselves as part of the german minority . 
  today , practically all ethnic masurians live in germany and they 're completely germanized . 
  all that 's left of them are their last names like schimanski . 
  [ and a few graves , i guess . 
  `` land of dark forests and crystal seas '' etc. 
  very nice place . 
  i do n't have a good / r/polandball comic but i can give you [ this . 
  similar mentality , too . 
  [ schwerin castle ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/schwerin_castle_aerial_view_island_luftbild_schweriner_schloss_insel_see.jpg ) is [ pretty great . 
  ] ( http://www.beautiful-views.net/views/germany-winter-schwerin-castle.jpg ), 
  tbf nobody really does . 
  the situation in germany is relatively moderate . 
  we do n't have the same culture of honking , swearing and hand gestures as italy or the same culture of acting though as some places in eastern europe . 
  traffic rules are very important here . 
  still , in general people on the street are always more rude and less considerate than they are off the street . 
  the nicest people can become real assholes when driving . 
  that 's true for every country , i guess . 
  or at least i would be surprised to learn that there 's a place where it is n't . 
  downvotes are for irrelevant posts , upvotes are for relevant posts . 
  i do n't disagree with what you say , but you 're not european and admit that you do n't have any experience with albanians , tatars and bosniaks . 
  you 're not actually answering the question . 
  downvoting your post makes reddit put the relevant posts at the top and your post at the bottom . 
  that 's why so many subs include a `` downvotes are not for disagreeing '' in their css . 
  interestingly enough , franco offered hitler to join the war on the axis side in 1940 . 
  they met and talked about it but could n't agree to anything and the issue was dropped . 
  that was when it seemed like germany would surely win wwii . 
  the french and the poles were defeated , almost all of mainland europe was under axis control and multiple british operations had failed . 
  when it became clear later than hitler would lose they were of course happy they did n't join initially just to be a victor during the peace negotiations . 
  npd is n't `` populist right '' , they 're housing real neo-nazis . 
  they also recently lost their last seat in a state parliament . 
  and that poster is 8 years old and was in g\u00f6rlitz , a beautiful city in the easternmost east of our most popular state saxony . 
  even there the local population was shocked and created anti-posters . 
  the city played the polish anthem as a reaction . 
  i was talking about the afd which actually is a force in german politics . 
  how would that be different if they worked legally ? 
  we have full employment right now , so that 's not really a problem . 
  which does n't mean we should n't fight illegal work , of course . 
  eu citizens have countless opportunities to work legally . 
  polish immigrants are great , they 're hard working and take up jobs no one likes anyway . 
  not even our populist right is against them , since they 're white and christian . 
  it 's just important to make sure that an eu citizen only receives the benefits fo the country he is actually permanently residing in so they do n't receive benefits of two countries . 
  it has a lot of friends in all german-speaking countries . 
  we do n't have many of them but those we do have bring good food with them . 
  for as far as i can think back there has always been a portuguese booth at the w\u00e4ldchestag here in frankfurt , grilling sardines and calamari and serving vinho verde . 
  great stuff , nice people running it . 
  goulash or leberk\u00e4s . 
  schnitzel is great . 
  you might get one if you 're ethnically belgian \\ ^ ^, 
  is that actually true ? 
  there 's no way austria is one of the most politically divided countries in europe . 
  it 's really tame , actually . 
  sorry , did n't mean to offend you :( it 's just that i 'm used to the law and grew up with it and realized that i had quietly assumed more traditional austria would have it , too . 
  i did n't know that admitting this could be considered impolite :(, 
  personally i prefer matured gouda but to each his own , i guess . 
  with the reputation of being more conservative and traditional than germany you guys have i did n't expect you to not have a tanzverbot . 
  brie is great . 
  regarding fats , i grew up with and still mostly use butter and sunflower oil and rarely olive oil . 
  i always thought this was normal but i ca n't speak for all of germany obviously . 
  yes , education is a responsibility of the states alone and the federal government is not allowed to interfere in any way . 
  some states like berlin really fuck their system up and there 's no way to help them . 
  i guess the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  the german system requires coalitions with absolute majorities . 
  like in austria , this can lead to endless grand coalitions between the left and the right .
