  there 's nor real or practical use to it but it gives a feeling of belonging . 
  a hessian speaking hessian feels much more at home in hesse . 
  not completely true for austria , though . 
  some younger people speak high german or high german with an austrian accent . 
   here we 're talking about assignment of historical responsibility for an industrialized genocide of 11 million people , many of them being polish citizens . 
  that 's exactly what 's so ridiculous about it though , nobody except the poles thinks this was supposed to be an assignment of responsibility . 
  because it was n't . 
  that 's something that genuinely surprised me when i first heard of it . 
  wherever i come to people usually tell me that they either do n't really care about things that would stereotypically trigger or that it 's actually really complicated . 
  and there 's usually always a certain percentage that is n't easily offended by everything . 
  but `` polish death camps '' works always without exception and to a foreigner it looks like a really petty thing to be offended by , something people would joke about but i 'd have never actually expected anyone to take it that seriously . 
  edit : case in point , it feels like discussing kaczynski 's plane crash with someone from the pis voter core . 
  the notion that people can actually believe this is some kinds of conspiracy to blame them is absolutely ridiculous . 
  actually trying to do something like this would never fly in germany outside of extreme right circles . 
  in a federation constituent states are partly sovereign , have constitutions of their own , have reserved fields of policy where only they and not the federal government can do anything and can not be changed or dissolved in any way by the federal government . 
  their powers are constitutionally defined and can not be changed at the whim of the federal government . 
  the constituent states almost always have some kinds of representation on a federal level ( like the senate or the bundesrat ) . 
  depending on where you 're from that could be technically correct . 
  norway 's situation where the standardized language is a pure writing language is pretty unique , i would n't expect people to get it immediately . 
  i see we 're already exporting our memes to other european countries . 
  a wet bagel does n't count as bread . 
  `` pfadfinder '' are a thing ( about 260.000 of them in germany ) . 
  the largest groups are religious ( in name ) . 
  the catholic scout association saint george is the largest one with about 100.000 members , the protestant vcp is the second largest one with about 50.000 members . 
  they do pretty much what you just described . 
  the center-left and center-right that together get 60 % -80 % of the vote share get along quite well since they 're not that different really . 
  the most controversial party is the afd , no doubt . 
  if you 're younger you 'll probably have a hard time as an afd supporter but if you 're older people do n't care that much . 
  not many people might vote for them but more people sympathize with them and even those that do n't would usually not risk a friendship because of it unless they 're very idealistic . 
  the other somewhat controversial party is die linke . 
  it 's main supporters are students ( and those live in their bubble anyway ) and people from the east , where the party is n't so controversial anyway so you 're not that special if you support them . 
  i think it 's a feat of our country that we have largely avoided the polarization happening in other western countries . 
  people keep voting centrist and the only really controversial party is relatively small and nowhere in power . 
  we had no presidential head-to-head race , no divisive referendum and no controversial party in power and the first two of those things literally ca n't happen with our current system . 
  would n't that rule out the vast majority of young russians ? 
  or maybe it 's different in the big cities . 
  in the russian part of my family literally everyone supports putin and i get along very well with them , we just avoid the topic . 
  there 's only a few russians i know that do n't support him and if someone in the village could only be close friends with people who do n't support putin they would be pretty lonely . 
  do n't know where you come from but i was really shocked when i first visited the us and saw everyone jaywalking . 
  i 'm not used to that , even if there are no cars . 
  and yes , it 's illegal . 
  do n't know about that but i know it was the basis for many jewish family names . 
  for example a house in the jewish ghetto in frankfurt was called house rothschild because it was marked by a painting of a red shield , so the family that used to live in that house is called rothschild . 
  gr\u00fcneburg ( green castle ) is another example . 
  i tried to make a joke about the `` invest in eastern poland '' thing . 
  i 'll have you know that wiener schnitzel is one of my absolute favourite dishes and i have never seen it with sauce , though i have heard some terrible stories . 
  a people of * besserwissers * . 
  nothing that ca n't by fixed by some investing . 
  who does n't ? 
  do czechs hate you ? 
  that 's what i meant to say . 
  i know , i wrote that . 
  op did n't call it a wiener schnitzel . 
  i think it 's supposed to be a j\u00e4gerschnitzel which can actually taste great but is n't supposed to have a coating or be served with sp\u00e4tzle or even kraut . 
  edit : yeah , and the hefeweizen with a lemon wedge in the wrong glass is a crime , too . 
  i 'll probably not make myself popular here , but our local schnitzel varieties with sauce ( j\u00e4gerschnitzel and co. ) can be great if you serve them right . 
  there 's more to schnitzel than wiener schnitzel . 
   when did premartial sex become socially acceptable in your country [ apparently never in some minds . 
  ] ( https://ceddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6lvxj2/europeans_living_in_countries_with_a_catholic/djyt15z/ ), 
  if someone uses the word `` degeneracy '' unironically you do n't really have to ask what they mean . 
  you heard it : gays , non-religious people and the whole crew trying to destroy the world . 
  i do n't think claiming copernicus is really a thing anymore in germany . 
  the issue with copernicus was that he was a german-speaking guy born in royal prussia who cared more about his prussianness than his polishness but hated the teutonic order and ducal prussia and definitely did n't feel german . 
  royal prussia , already mostly german-speaking , came to the kingdom of prussia with the polish partitions and remained there during the 19th century , and that 's the only period of time during which german nationalists really cllaimed prussian copernicus for them . 
  now that we have lost prussia anyway nobody really cares about him . 
  in my eyes the poles have at least some claim and germany has no claim to him . 
  well , east berlin and they used to before we colonised that one too . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , most of them care about anarchy or just anything political as much as soccer hooligans do . 
  your overestimating their political idealism . 
  most of them are just violent brats . 
  what the schwarzer block is doing here is just senseless violence , they do n't actually expect anything to happen , nor do they have any concrete demands . 
  i 'm a born frankfurter myself , but i have to admit that frankfurt is not very beautiful , not very large and not very representative . 
   were n't they ignored pretty much anyway ? 
  the federal part subsumed the east , rather than merged with it , and one city or another being made capital ( or not , or much later ) would n't make a difference . 
  i think it does make a difference . 
  berlin ( de-facto east berlin ) was the capital of the gdr and east germans strongly identified with berlin and its prussian heritage . 
  we made `` their berlin '' the capital and showed that we 're not just greater west germany with a very western capital but germany reunited with berlin as capital . 
   were there any advocates for frankfurt at that time , and if so , who ? 
  the historic capital of germany is berlin . 
  the discussion at the time was about either keeping the governmental institutions in bonn out of practical reasons or moving them to berlin ( which happened in the end ) . 
   so this worry seems to have been irrational , from my point of view . 
  of course it is irrational , i 'm not sure if that 's so easy to understand for outsiders . 
  berlin was the capital of prussia , berlin was the capital of germany , berlin is where the german emperor was , berlin was where the republic was proclaimed , berlin is where hitler killed it , berlin is where the soviets raised their flag above the reichstag and berlin was * the * symbol of the german partition . 
  berlin was the capital of the gdr , berlin is where the wall was , berlin is where we cheered to kennedy 's `` ich bin ein berliner '' and reagan 's `` tear down that wall '' , berlin is where the wall fell . 
  and after all of this , berlin was still the largest city in germany . 
  there simply was no other choice and of course it 's not completely rational . 
  sch\u00e4uble held a [ moving speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7egybdynm9e ) on that topic during the discussion in 1991 , one year after the assassination attempt that bound him to the wheelchair . 
  the german reunification itself was not completely rational but it was 100 % the right thing to do . 
  i 'm one of those frankfurters from `` non-native origin '' . 
  i grew up unilingually german and was raised lutheran . 
  most of those people from `` non-native origin '' are absolutely german . 
  the majority of them are also white and christian if you 're someone to care about that . 
  higgins has n't really talked about his personal belief and varadkar is catholic . 
  england never had an official anthem . 
  yes . 
   hitler was sent to spy on the nazi party . 
  the nazi party got like 40 % durring the elections which then rose with the invasion of poland . 
  what ... ? 
   how there would be no dictators without the death penalty is meaningless nobody said that . 
  no , the thing in germany is that when you get a life-long sentence there is a chance it gets shortened if you appeal .
