  economically berlin is a total disaster , even the late gdr was in a better shape . 
  apart from that , the berlin economy is based on alternative blogs , digital media and gender studies if one is to believe the universities . 
  regardless of economic bankruptcy berlin will still start prestige projects such as the hohenzollern castle and an airport that has to be regarded as an art project in the absence of functional integrity . 
  likewise , this city houses the centers of all major political parties that refrain from including `` traitor '' in their name for marketing reasons . 
  for a long time the mayor of this city was the funny wowib\u00e4r who managed to plunge into ruin everything half-acceptable with his policy of prestige & prosecco . 
  in short : berlin is the tramp stamp of germany . 
  it is for germany what greece is for the european union and if berlin were an open cesspool , it would be the romania of germany . 
  berlin is a stain , the pimple on germany 's ass . 
  berlin is the guy who comes to your party without invitation , does n't even bring something to drink and still wo n't understand that he is not wanted when you 're knocking a few teeth out of his face and throw him down the stairs . 
  berlin is the detroit of germany and should be sold to poland for 200 z\u0142oty . 
  is `` since the middle ages '' actually a long time in europe ? 
  pomerania and parts of silesia for instance have been ethnically german since the middle ages but the polish historical claim to these regions has always been very important . 
  it 's not unusual for medieval settlers to be viewed as invaders even in modern times ( as was the case in western poland ) . 
  it would n't surprise me if there are romanian nationalists who claim the szekely hungarians are invaders . 
  flair does n't check out . 
  it does . 
  also the `` monte '' in montenegro is something most romance languages have in common . 
  it comes from latin * mons * ( mountain ) . 
  basically yes . 
  just not aspirated . 
  in german there 's also the unused archaic names poets love . 
  for march that would be `` lenzing '' or `` lenzmond '' ( from * lenz * , meaning spring season ) . 
  yep . 
  but let 's not forget that humans have been settling here for a very long time and the slavs were n't the first ones by a long shot . 
  not all of it . 
  more like two thirds . 
  as was all of eastern germany , which is why many city names sound so slavic ( ending in - itz or - in ) . 
  exactly , why would n't they ? 
  marie curie and mozart may not have been born in the country where they got famous but they lived in and did all important things in france/austria . 
  that 's why they 're usually considered french/austrian . 
  i mean , they do have a point . 
  if austria can claim mozart and spain can claim columbus i do n't see why france ca n't claim marie curie . 
  i have eaten schnitzel countless times in hesse and never seen any sauce . 
  the limburg thing is really obscure and no one has ever shed a tear over it . 
  i 'm sure it would look better if they 'd give limburg back : ^ ), 
  \\  complaining about being lumped together with the brits \\  calling the uk `` england '', 
  us pancakes are great . 
  what do you call omelettes if omlett means pancake ? 
  they ask people to answer their question once a year . 
  the results are only good if enough people participate . 
  apparently not many swiss germans participated . 
  prussia had 9 kings . 
  the third one , frederick the great , declared himself king of prussia which remained the title for all following kings . 
  moscow times is foreign-owned and perceived as being heavily biased by russians ( whether that 's true or not ) . 
  rbc is pretty good and manages not to be putin 's propaganda outlet while still not being as ridiculously anti-government as the moscow times but they do n't have an english version . 
  - probably more jews - probably better economy without having experienced communist dictatorships - definitely much better looking without the destruction of wwii done by the germans and soviets - maybe no ethnic cleansing of millions of germans from their ancestral homeplace , whether that would be a good thing or not . 
  it might sound weird from a german , but in the long run some countries might actually have benefitted from this . 
  for example it solved the centuries-old issue of the conflict between german bohemians and czech bohemians that had plagued the country for ages . 
  still , it was mindlessly cruel and made for a lot of problems in the short run . 
  czechoslovakia just came out of the war and was about to have a communist coup when they expelled millions of their citizens , which was n't great for the economy . 
  i 'm glad you actually liked it so much that you consider returning ( frankfurt is n't particularly famous for its beauty to say the least ) . 
  yep !, 
  been there ? 
  i remember how she was forced to go to the terrible , terrible city of frankfurt , where there were no mountains and the children were pale , where the background music was always sad and all grown-ups were bad . 
  grewing up in frankfurt i always felt slightly hurt . 
  i remember the name of his dad ( holger nilsson ) . 
  maybe even in the west !, 
  i grew up with those , admittedly not because they 're popular in germany but because of my russian dad . 
  yeah , one of my favourites . 
  do n't think it 's as popular here in germany as other comics . 
  it works for me . 
  the original name was `` lach - und sachgeschichten f\u00fcr fernsehanf\u00e4nger '' ( stories to laugh and learn for tv rookies ) . 
  it was renamed because everyone called it `` that show with the mouse '' . 
  the original name was `` lach - und sachgeschichten f\u00fcr fernsehanf\u00e4nger '' ( stories to laugh and learn for tv rookies ) . 
  it was renamed because everyone called it `` that show with the mouse '' . 
  they still are , 
  i know the story with the plaque , it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's their thing to decide . 
  some austrians see themselves as german , most do n't . 
  hofer being deutschnational was a bit of an issue during the election . 
  `` mannerheim is a russian war hero '', 
  outlawing phrases that hurt national feelings and threatening people who dare do that with prison . 
  poland is indeed very different to germany ... 
  they probably just went to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutschlandlied ) and thought `` ugh , three stanzas , that 's too long . 
  anyway , someone should check the formatting of this article , the third stanza is bold without a reason '', 
  probably has more to do with the composition of / r/europe . 
  many germans here , not so many poles . 
  is it ? 
  even among fp\u00d6 voters deutschnationale are a minority . 
  he was not born in austria , he was ethnically german and strongly identified as german . 
   i realy do n't understand why germans believe that he was german . 
  you wrote yourself that being german and being austrian was not a contradiction back then . 
  that 's why he was german , even if he would have been born in austria ( which he was n't ) . 
  which would be great for a bridge . 
  just shift in into the passive voice . 
  `` i will be maintained . '', 
  the us have an official motto before the 50s but `` e pluribus unum '' was pretty close to being official . 
  [ that 's an unoficial motto . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_national_motto ) tbf , it 's on their money so you see it more often than many official mottos, 
  the problem was n't tht they lowered these taxes ( most mps supported that , including the othern parties ) , the problem was that this was literally the only major thing they managed to achieve for 4 years . 
  they lost their voterbase . 
  the official motto is `` in god we trust '' . 
  which is ok , but there are better mottos . 
  refreshingly boring . 
  is there a video of them singing ? 
  was it really their fault , though ? 
  it was deemed an unconstutional violation of norway 's territorial integrity . 
  who needs the priesthood of all believers anyway , right ? 
  it 's fog . 
  i was there last week .
