  honestly , it 's hard to say . 
  i 'd say it depends on the region . 
  bavaria definitely has more in common with austria than with the eastern states . 
  their dialects are usually grouped together , they 're both mostly catholic and share traditions like the krampus . 
  for other regions , not really . 
  north germans have much less in common with austrians . 
  the main difference separating the eastern states and austria would probably be that we in germany do n't share a shared history of living in the same state and experiencing the same wars and troubles with the austrians as compared to with people from the other side of the wall . 
  when germany reunited , many people who had experienced germany 's partition were still alive . 
  austria on the other hand , while being separated from germany at the same time immediately after the war , has a long history of being independent . 
  austria did n't experience communism , partition and did n't participate in the cold war . 
  they also did n't experience a denazification like west germany did . 
  the big differences are mostly of political nature , culturally we 're very close . 
  some cultural differences would be dialectal differences and manners . 
  for example being polite is much more important in austria than it is in germany . 
  titles are very important in austria , but not so much in germany . 
  aside from dialectal differences there are also differences your hear even when both a german and an austrians are speaking hochdeutsch , like paradeiser , aschantis , erd\u00e4pfel , schlagobers etc. 
  what differences there are became much more important after the war . 
  before the war it had been the majority opinion for a long time that austria is a part of the germany nation , independent or not . 
  after the anschluss pretty much all pro-anschluss politicians joined the nazi party . 
  this meant that when the nazis were removed from power and people generally were happy about the war being over and not being a part of germany anymore , this was the first time in their history austrians started to build their own national identity and shape their own national fate separate from the german one . 
   and , for the fun of it , how do the german speaking areas of switzerland compare ? 
  switzerland is very different . 
  their dialect group of german ( alemannic ) only has very few speakers in germany and not many in austria ( vorarlberg ) . 
  it 's very hard to understand for germany , if not impossible . 
  they have never been part of modern germany ( though they were part of the hre for a long time ) and have a very distinct culture . 
  i always thought sinti were a subgroup of roma . 
  wikipedia seems to agree :  the sinti ( also sinta or sinte ; masc . 
  sintesa ) are a romani people of central europe . 
  is the po actually right wing ? 
  they seem to be more centrist or even classical liberal . 
  they 're pro-european and relatively social liberal ( for poland ) . 
  [ i used my windows paint skillz to show how this would have looked . 
  definitely . 
  they even blew up k\u00f6nigsberg castle . 
  are n't ceuta and melilla also disputed ? 
  fun fact : the northern part had to vote as a whole while in the southern part every municipality had to vote on its own . 
  this intentionally shifted the border a bit further south than it would look like if in the north every municipality had voted on its own but almost nobody has ever had a problem with this . 
  not even hitler changed the border , there is no active border dispute and danes/germans have many minority rights in germany/denmark . 
  there was just a bit of drama when denmark decided to start passport controls on the border long before the refugee crisis which in schengen is only allowed under very special circumstances . 
  that pissed off a lot of people here but with the refugee crisis and everything nobody is judging them anymore . 
  fun fact : it was originally planned to follow the course of the oder for the western border , thus leaving stettin in germany , and to give the interety of east prussia to poland ( which also has historical claims to the region , unlike russia , which does n't ) . 
  shortly before realization stalin decided that he really , really wanted another warmwater port so he annexed the north of east prussia to the rsfsr , creating this ugly thing of an exclave with a ruler-straight border , inhabited by ethnic russians , filled with missiles and without any rebuilt old city cores . 
  to compensate poland for the lost coastline and port he gave them stettin . 
  honestly , with or without stettin i would prefer a entirely polish kr\u00f3lewiec to this kaliningrad thingy any time . 
  tvaroh is quark , is n't it ? 
  it 's pretty hard to get outside of central europe . 
  i like the slovenian anthem . 
  it 's very kind and pacifist . 
  - the deutschlandlied ( including all three stanzas ) was created by fallersleben in 1841 using the tune of the austrian kaiserhymne by haydn ( used from 1797 to 1918 ) . 
  the deutschlandlied was not official , just a patriotic drinking song that became very popular . 
  - the older kaiserhymne was composed for franz ii when he was still holy roman emperor , i.e. 
  ruler of germany . 
  austria was considered part of germany at that time , and that was still the case when fallersleben made his song . 
  - the whole song was the national anthem from 1922 to 1945 but from 1933 on only the first stanza ( deutschland \u00fcber alles ) was sung , usually followed the the horst-wessel-lied . 
  - there was a heated discussion in the frg following the war . 
  it ended with the president reintroducing the deutschlandlied as national anthem ( the president is the person who is in charge of national symbols ) . 
  the whole song with all stanzas was reintroduced but from the very beginning only the third stanza was sung . 
  - it was favoured by adenauer because at this point it was already pretty much considered the `` traditional anthem '' of germany everyone grew up with . 
  the spd was avidly against it because of its use by the nazis . 
  there were also a few other proposals , such as the more pious and christian song '' [ ich hab mich ergeben ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfop1y5igmg ) '' that was liked by christian democrats in particular , and the newly composed song `` hymne an deutschland '' that heuss ( the president ) had ordered to be made . 
  - in 1991 , shortly after the reunification , the president made the third stanza the official national anthem . 
  the other stanzas are part of the deutschlandlied but they 're not official anymore . 
  tl ; dr : when the anthem was made it did n't matter that the tune already existed because it was just a random patriotic song and austria was german anyway . 
  it was made official after wwi because it was one of the most popular patriotic songs and austria did n't use it anymore . 
  we kept it after wwii because we liked it and everybody grew up with it . 
  i guess op did technically say `` from your country '' so i guess that 's okay . 
  how to start a slapfight in any former yugoslav country : - mention tito, 
  closer cooperation , greater influence in the world , more effective defence . 
  i ca n't think of anything comparable in germany . 
  there are the sorbians who are catholic in an all-protestant enviroment and have some weird traditions but that 's not really the same . 
  ( interestingly 100 years ago 88 % of sorbians were protestant but almost all protestant sorbians have assimilated ) . 
  in other europeans countreis : russia has [ old believers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_believers#present_situation ) and [ molokans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molokan ) . 
  most of europe has gypsies . 
  granted , there are things i really hate about russia and its people . 
  but that ca n't make me stop loving them . 
  the warmness you experience between family members and close friends that is so different from the indifference and grumpiness towards strangers . 
  the incredibly rich and partially cruel history this country has survived . 
  the food , the nature , the songs , the willingness of russians to just go on and try to live a decent live no matter what happens to them . 
  i love all of it . 
  there 's also a lot of memories i would n't want to miss . 
  public opinion does n't really rely on objective measures . 
  i 've never quite understood the montenegro issue tbh . 
  it 's like if the saarland wanted to split form germany and join an alliance with russia . 
  they even made up their own language . 
   not brought up by the media dude, 
  the weird thing is that while abortions are n't hard to get under these circumstances ( councelling and everything ) , it 's still not clear if they 're technically legal . 
  the bverfg left some weird legacy here . 
  i do n't actually hate them if they do n't clash with their surroundings . 
  ^ please ^ forgive ^ me, 
  it 's pretty much a leftists / r/europe . 
  i do n't use it myself because i do n't want to filter my news that much . 
  if you dislike subs where not everyone shits on the eu i recommend https://voat.co/v/european , 
  there 's / r/europes . 
  we have more than enough castles and it 's incredibly expensive . 
  [ it 's hard to grasp that . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/irelandrepublicpopulation1841.png ) in 1840 ireland as a whole had about half the population of great britain . 
  today ireland as a whole ( republic + ni ) has about one tenth of the population of great britain . 
  if the demographic development of ireland would have been the same as that of gb ireland might have like 20 million people today . 
  the dirndl is from the late 19th century , that 's why it 's hard to find `` authentic '' pics when googling it . 
  there are some beautiful traditional dresses in hesse .
