  interesting . 
  do ethnic russians in ukraine identify more with their country of residence than baltic russians ? 
  depends . 
  is your family from lower silesia , is it ethnically polish or german ? 
  there were very little poles in lower silesia , the only national minority were sorbs . 
  their homeland remained in germany anyway because it is west of the oder . 
  might have happened in another timeline . 
  the allies chose between [ several versions ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/vertreibungsgebiet.jpg ) of the german eastern border ( 3 out of 4 included a german breslau , the minimal scenario was just an annexation of gdansk , upper silesia and most of east prussia to poland ) and [ several versions ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/curzon_line_en.svg ) of the polish eastern border ( curzon line b would have left lwow and grodno in poland ) . 
  stalin chose the westernmost line in both cases and the western allies agreed - not happily but they did , they were still allies . 
  not that they feared about the poles and germans who were gon na be displaced by these plans but they feared about soviet influence so far west . 
  is lwow the one that was handed over ? 
  at least you got gdansk which is n't huge but pretty damn beautiful and an important seaport . 
  ever heard of the good friday agreement ? 
  both the uk and the republic of ireland acknowledge that ni in its majority wants to remain part of the uk now and both uk and the republic of ireland have agreed to let ni become part of ireland when the times comes and the majority wishes it . 
  the turkish hitler stache is a pretty interesting tradition . 
  during the first republic , they were officially seen as one people ( called czechoslovaks ) . 
  still , even after that measure the largest groups was still the czechs . 
  and the largest minority by far were the germans which had absolutely nothing do do with being greedy . 
  in 1921 there were 8.76 million czechs and slovaks out of 13.4 million citizens . 
  that 's not a minority . 
   isnt europe forced to not have death penalty by european institutions so even if a specific country would like to reintroduce it , it simply cant ? 
  it 's not a `` europe '' thing , it 's an eu thing , determined by a majority vote of the democratically elected european parliament . 
  but even non-eu european countries do n't practice the death penalty , with the exception of belarus - which is especially civilized then , i guess . 
  also , since when are are multilateral agreements uncivilized ? 
  nations can voluntarily ratify them or choose to leave them if they want . 
  and not even the uk that chose to leave the eu wants to reintroduce the death penalty . 
   not to say that majority of population ( 50 % or more ) in some countries would like death penalty to be reintroduced ( eg france or poland ) . 
  and if the majority of the population would support killing homosexuals i would still not call it civilized . 
  not all of us support scottish independence . 
  judging by the downvotes , maybe we do . 
  if i were to summarize the red countries in that map `` civilization '' is n't the word i 'd use . 
  he was always a centrist , his remarks on africa are objectively true and i see no harm in inviting trump for bastille day . 
  we do n't want bad relations with the us and that 's exactly why his negative remarks on nato , our common alliance , were so heavily criticized . 
   lefties shot themselves in the face yet again what do lefties have to do with this ? 
  macron was not a leftist candidate . 
  the most important thing you should take out of this graph is the parallel development - romania was equally fucked during the 90s and left the 90s behind equally impressively - completely without a putin . 
  russia would likely left the 90s behind with or without putin . 
  if a putin-like figure had taken over romania in the late 90s and romania had experienced the exact same growth it has in our timeline his followers would probably be praising him for saving romania . 
  what are those numbers you 're talking about ? 
  they 're false . 
  who made them ? 
  no no , that 's a western institution . 
  i refuse to believe them . 
  and surely you 're just twisting the data . 
  i do n't need those . 
  when our putin was n't there the economy was bad . 
  and when putin came the economy was good . 
  is n't that much easier to understand ? 
  and it feels so right . 
  and even if they are right , was n't it our putin that made russia a safe and strong exporter and provided the circumstances for this to happen ? 
  and if it was n't him , who 's to say those evil men in the opposition are going to make it better ? 
  they do n't think of our russia , they only think of themselves . 
  they 're going to [ destroy russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xybcahm6xca ) , not improve the economy . 
  and even if they could make it better - why is that so incredibly important ? 
  [ there are things more important than the stock market . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xg0grv6.jpg ) in a hundred years little russians will either learn that russia was strong and got back crimea or they will learn that russia was weak , lost crimea - but some numbers were relatively good . 
  now try changing this mindset 90 % of all russians have learned by heart . 
  one of the few political speeches of the last years i watched from the beginning to the end . 
  it 's frightening to listen to but you know it 's gon na be in future history books for pupils to analyse . 
  try convincing 90 % of the population that the opposition that is made out to be a club of elitist pro-western traitors without governing experience is better than the demigod that rescued them from the chaos of the 90s and brought back crimea . 
  which part of the opposition ? 
  whom should they believe and who is lying to them ? 
  is the west an enemy or not ? 
  it 's all so complicated !, 
  but it does n't have to be , right ? 
  never change a winning team , right ? 
  and it is winning , right ? 
  i saw this video once that showed me what happened if the opposition wins , russia will lose its independence and its territory , chaos and civil war will come , right ? 
  i do n't want that . 
  habit is a mighty thing and you do n't even need propaganda to abuse it ( even if it helps ) . 
  why do you think people keep voting for merkel no matter what ? 
  it 's a very similar mechanic . 
  oh , sorry , misunderstood that . 
  that 's emigration . 
   whilst still having a traditional society of high birth rates and no immigration . 
  that 's not quite right . 
  do n't forget that the 50s and 60s were the time of colonial immigration to france and uk and movement of gastarbeiters to the frg . 
   our demographics are ruined by miniscule birth rates and huge immigration . 
  the only eastern european ( or eastern central european ) country that 's experiencing noticable immigration right now is poland and it 's mostly ukrainians . 
  i do n't see immigration threatening eastern europe . 
  western europe maybe , but not the east . 
  you might not like putin ( i certainly do n't ) but you got ta admit that russia is doing ok atm . 
  economic crisis is over , growth is good enough . 
  it could be miles better but than again it could also be much worse and most russians vividly remember a time when it was worse . 
  i forgot about taiwan and i said `` practice '' because i know sk theoretically has it . 
  wtf japan ? 
  [ they and the us are the only western countries that practice the death penalty . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/death_penalty_world_map.svg ), 
  [ i know . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ulmgonewild/comments/4y5yxr/seven_times_thousandfold_ulmian_fanfare/ ), 
  no it 's just that i do n't quite understand the argument . 
  the recovered territories do n't morally belong to poland any more just because poland lost territories in the east . 
  lost territory does n't entitle to other territory . 
  russia has lost quite a lot of territory during the last century but i would n't say that entitles them to get the caucasian countries or moldova or something . 
  even though i would definitely accept that they are russian now if russians lived there , i also would n't say they had a moral right to get them . 
  you 're talking yourself against the wall here , you 're not making a good impression . 
  not sure what that irish guy is going on about ( greater poland and the corridor have belonged to poland for most of the time and were continually ethnically polish , it was a good thing poland got them ) but the eastern border of poland is n't germany 's problem and the weimar republic 's eastern border was determined by plebiscites where the people of those areas very clearly expressed which country they wanted to belong to - poland in the case of many upper silesian municipalities and germany in the case of the rest of upper silesia and all of masuria . 
  not saying anything about that ( i 'm not the guy you originally responded to btw ) . 
  it 's just that france and the uk did n't really care about romania as much as they did about the strategic value of a `` cordon sanitaire '' . 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/cordon_sanitaire_ ( pays ),
