  weirdly enough we 're not proud of being a republic either ( like the us or france are ) . 
  we just do n't care . 
  [ for what it 's worth ... ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5rrobx/german_opinion_poll_do_you_think_is_a_partner_we/ ) the question of the poll is n't exactly `` are the us and russia equal '' tbf . 
  i want to be honest : i hate the irrational hate towards the us and love for putin . 
  a lot of people love russia for the same reasons they hate the us for . 
  it 's mindblowingly disingenuous . 
  it 's mostly the government but yeah , there is also hate towards the people . 
  it 's hard to separate the image you have of a nation from politics . 
  a lot of people who hate putin also hate russian people . 
  and i can assure you that many russians indiscriminately hate everything american . 
   whatever , i would nail it after 12 beers . 
  come here and try it  hessians like to talk a lot and i 'm sure you 'd be welcome . 
  [ and it looks nice . 
   you can deduce it in russian in russian you can deduce it from the ending . 
  other than that , the choice of grammatical gender is as random in russian as it is in german . 
  seriously , make milk female already . 
  what do you think milk is ? 
  they 're all voiced in hessian , 
  which city are you from ? 
   kartoffeltyskerne ( potato-germans that 's such a great name for dutchies . 
  poland before wwii was still incredibly multiethnic and had a large jewish community , the largest in europe , even though there was a lot of antisemitism among the population . 
  wwii ruined everything . 
  the jews were gassed and the areas with minorities were taken from poland . 
  i 'm from a former free imperial city ( frankfurt ) . 
  we did n't ban anyone and we welcomed huguenot immigrants that fled france for fear of persecution . 
  they had a pretty large community for a while that still exists ( even though it 's very small today ) . 
  they were ( and some still are ) reformed while the city was majority lutheran . 
   did they ever expel or deport multi-generational residents ? 
  almost exactly 400 years ago ( 1614 ) we had the stain on our history that is the fettmilch pogrom . 
  it 's a bit complicated . 
  sorry for this wall of text . 
  frankfurt traditionally had a large jewish community ( about 10 % before wwii ) . 
  in 1614 the city was very politically divided . 
  for very , very complicated reasons that had something to do with corruption in the city council , the delayed reading of the city rights at the coronation of the emperor ( traditionally in frankfurt ) , the rights of religious minorities like the reformed community and the conflict between patricians and guilds , this political division got more and more antisemitic when people were starting to search for a scapegoat and found it in the jews , who were really not well-liked at that time . 
  angry citizens started `` reasonable proposals '' like halving the interest rates jews allegedly demanded ( we know that they did n't and council members at that time also knew ) and reducing the size of jews allowed in the ghetto . 
  guild members hoped to erase their debt by erasing the jews . 
  we then had some political drama that included a political commission by the emperor ( who did n't want this mess to ruin his coronation ) that found out that frankfurt was deeply in debt and the subsequent takeover of the council by the guilds . 
  the emperor got really angry at the guilds and the now very drunk guild members that had thought the emperor would support them assaulted the ghetto , plunderered it and chased the jews away . 
  the emperor finally had enough and enacted an imperial ban on three guild leaders , the most important of them being fettmilch . 
  fettmilch had his fingers hacked off for breaking an oath and disregarding an imperial order . 
  he was then beheaded and quartered , his house was knocked down , a column of shame was erected in its place and his head was impaled on the tower of the old bridge where it may have remained for 200 years because goethe wrote about a head on the tower . 
  the jews were solemnly escorted back into the city by imperial soldiers . 
  the emperor installed a sign with an imperial eagle on the largest ghetto entrance that also said `` under protection of his roman imperial majesty and the holy empire '' . 
  two years after the whole thing was over the thirty years ' war started that killed more germans than wwii . 
  imagine being that emperor ... 
  oh , i thought you did n't know that werkstatt actually is the german word . 
  it 's descended from the same word anyway . 
  both stadt ( city ) and statt ( place , so werkstatt literally means `` work place '' ) are descended from the same old german word `` stat '' ( city , place ) . 
  they 're also pronounced the exact same way and it was n't until the renaissance that they started to be spelt differently . 
  funny , the german word for workshop is werkstatt . 
  try to see it in a positive light !, 
  you just discovered two important german works of culture you thought played in places that are forever lost actually play in places that are still german . 
  that 's what i meant to say . 
  the buddenbrooks pretty clearly plays in [ l\u00fcbeck ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddenbrooks ) , that 's generally agreed on . 
  they never mention it but it 's pretty clear from the descriptions . 
  they also speak low german for a few times and have a low german name . 
  keep in mind that ethnicity is n't what americans means when they talk about race . 
  for example white is not an ethnicity . 
  we have things like skyscrapers but we do n't have anything like nyc . 
  we do have amazingly beautiful old cities and i like them more than american cities in general but america does have a few things europe just has n't . 
  and that 's worth exploring imo . 
  amazing nature , different culture . 
  you hear a lot about the us in particular in tv and pretty much every media so it 's exciting to see how it actually is . 
  maybe you 're used to them but if you come from outside america , cities like nyc and their skyscapers can be a real eye-opener . 
  clever and smart are great !, 
  30-years war ? 
  huh , til . 
  never heard of that one . 
  funnily enough berliner ( the pastry ) are called pfannkuchen in berlin . 
  they 're also not called berliner in most of germany , instead they have dozens of regional names . 
  where i 'm from they 're called kreppel . 
  the speech is incredibly famous in germany . 
  we really loved kennedy when he was still alive . 
  most cities have streets named after him . 
  the crowd went crazy when he uttered a few german words , even if he had a terrible accent . 
  when i was in school , we once had a foreign history project ( about the history of our neighbours france and poland ) . 
  my topic were the partitions and the 1791 constitution . 
  had a great time explaining to the others how to pronounce tadeusz ko\u015bciuszko . 
  first ( modern ) constitution in europe , second in history only after the us one . 
  tbh i when the iraq war broke out i was to young to support anything . 
  my country 's government did oppose it , as did the majority of the population . 
  yeah , technically swabian is an alemannic dialect . 
  but in germany it usually means low alemannic , high alemannic and highest alemannic dialects , even if it 's not completely right . 
  not very but more so than germany . 
   as western germany did i know there was a certain level of denazification but it 's objectively not the same one west germany went through . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/5gl7sb/with_the_austrian_presidential_elections/ ) did n't happen in west germany , not because the germans were so different but because of the reality of denazification . 
  i 'm not trying to insult austrians or paint them as nazis , not at all . 
  western germany and austria had a different post-war history . 
  that 's all and that 's real . 
  yeah , the amt has no chill . 
  we call it hartzen ( our institution is called hartz iv ) . 
  how can we know that ? 
  we 're not america . 
  btw most of europe is poorer than the us ( sometimes a lot poorer ) and there are also countries with very high crime rates . 
  yeah , we have tons of them . 
  pretty much every state has an anthem ( some officially like hesse and bavaria , some unofficially ) and also most historical regions like the bergisches land etc. 
  silesia and east prussia also had regional anthems . 
  the east prussian one is suprisingly good , the silesian one is a bit cheesy and folk-y . 
  i really like the anthem of my state hesse but you rarely hear it . 
   do the former west german states have more in common with austria than the former gdr states ?
