  in hans-georg neumann 's case , his sentence was n't extended , it just was n't shortened . 
  the sentence he got was life-long and that should be taken quite literally . 
  a country does n't just become a dictatorship from one day to another . 
  dictators have to work with the laws they already have and expand their powerbase . 
  hitler worked hard to get the act passed that allowed him to inter and execute his opposition without trials , and there 's a big `` what if it did n't pass '' . 
   sources ? 
  in spain , you ca n't legally be more than 22 years in prison even if you got charged by life imprisonment . 
  do n't know about other countries but there is no legal upper limit in germany . 
  you can appeal after 15 years but if the judges want it they can keep you there forever . 
  one guy called hans-georg neumann has been in prison since 1963 . 
  well , of course there are people who disagree with it . 
  but i 've never heard someone call it the american way to do it . 
  i know nobody who as taken such a test , it 's very rare here . 
  they unreliable anyway . 
  if you want to know your background , do some genealogy . 
  i roughly know mine ( german and huguenot on mother 's side , russian on father 's side ) . 
   hungary but it did happen . 
  hungary for the longest time used the modified commie constitution until fidesz drafted a new one with pretty much this rationale of continuity . 
  the thing i do n't quite understand is what constitutional continuity actually means . 
  can you explain that to me ? 
  i googled it but i did n't find an explanation . 
  was n't there a bit of drama about a minister using their twitter account for partisan comments a while ago ? 
  technically every german person over 18 can be made chancellor or minister , but in reality they 're almost always members of the bundestag and they do n't have to give up their seat . 
  the chancellor is proposed by the president , voted in by an absolute majority of the bundestag and appointed by the president . 
  ministers are proposed by the chancellor and appointed by the president . 
  this means that there is no real separation of powers between the cabinet and the parliament . 
  the cabinet is basically the part of the bundestag that is appointed by the rest of the bundestag to do government duty . 
  no , it 's a doubly happy day !, 
  and why `` would n't '' , it 's already [ reality . 
  ] ( http://www.oktoberfest.de/de/ ), 
  oh yes !, 
  what kinds of sovereignty do we lose if we trade with people ? 
  this looks more like an argument against the eu to me since the common market is nothing more than an extensive free trade agreement . 
  i 'd like it if the eu still exists in 2050 , that 's not a given . 
  expecting to see my hometown at least once here . 
  my least favourite european city is berlin . 
  probably not the least likable city in europe , but my least favourite out of the ones i 've been to . 
  i would n't say i hate any city , berlin is just the one i like the least . 
  not really . 
  we celebrate our reunification on october 3rd , 1990 . 
  we get a day off , and there 's some official festivities in one city ( last year in dresden ) . 
  the festivities are pretty large , but they 're state-sponsored and not countrywide . 
  a nice idea we have is prolonging the oktoberfest 3 days so the last day of oktoberfest is simultaneously our national day . 
  i think that 's pretty nice . 
  rothschilds are from my home town . 
  the albrecht family that owns both aldis has some of the richest people in germany . 
  dodged a bullet here by not defining the balkan peninsula . 
  in germany we have vietnamese , koreans and japanese and they are indeed considered a model minority . 
  you 'll find many people saying that they are inherently great or something , i do n't believe that 's the case . 
  the ones that come to europe are simply better immigrants . 
  since they 're almost exclusively high-skilled immigrants they 're relatively rich , so they 're not perceived as taking money away from natives . 
  they are relatively few , so they 're not perceived as a demographic threat . 
  they 're relatively irreligious and do n't commit disproportionately many crimes . 
  if we had as many as australia or canada i do n't doubt they would be met with a similar racism as communities there , probably more . 
  but as it is now : the ones that are here , in the amount that they are here , are very useful immigrants and quite well integrated while mena immigrants often are n't . 
  why does n't germany extend its borders as it grows larger ? 
  you can put salt on watermelons ? 
  [ not so cool personality . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_sloterdijk#welfare_state_dispute ), 
  we have sloterdijk . 
  we have regional names like hess , bayer , westfal , schwab and preu\u00df . 
  some are real . 
  what does the hessian say to the vet ? 
  we went to nuremberg , trier , marburg , munich and berlin . 
  i liked all of it  also one last trip to italy and a few minor trips to some vacation home . 
  for most countries i 'd want to live i already have freedom to move . 
  for me it 's germany . 
  without any language barrier , probably norway . 
  no , in fact private gardens are banned here . 
  you can just use the trilled version , half of the country uses it anyway and everybody will understand you . 
  - it 's a capital . 
  - it 's not incredibly clean . 
  - it 's loud and full . 
  - it has some not-so-nice neighbourhoods . 
  - it 's pretty different from the rest of the country . 
  yeah but look at that sweet land . 
  and they got to keep it after 1815 . 
  there are so many neat little medieval villages hidden in the hessian countryside that foreign tourists rarely visit because they all go the the famous ones like rothenburg o.d.t. 
  in the south of germany . 
  you can have them almost for yourself , only meeting frankfurters with the same idea sometimes . 
  great places for an afternoon trip and eating out . 
  us , but that 's not in europe . 
  [ fritz !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/der_k%c3%b6nig_%c3%bcberall2.jpg ), 
  what does that mean in practice ? 
  not really . 
  some people still say `` groschen '' for 10 cents , but that 's actually even older than the mark that was introduced in 1871 . 
  a groschen was worth about 10 pfenning back then and people just continued using it for over 100 years . 
  at the exact exchange value , too !, 
  wikipedia says slovenia has 567 cars per 1000 persons while serbia has 238 cars per 1000 persons . 
  no , obviously england is a colony of the uk . 
  fix and foxi mosaik from the former gdr nick knatterton, 
  was there twice . 
  it 's great , i can only recommend it . 
  tbilissi has a gorgeous old town and the country is full of ancient churches just standing around . 
  georgia definitely feels very european as an orthodox country with pro-western leanings that was influenced by soviet mass culture . 
  it 's debatable whether georgia , armenia and azerbaijan are european countries . 
  personally i 'd be all for georgia joining the eu . 
  [ what 's the problem with applesauce ? 
  kartoffelpuffer are the best thing ever .
