  you 'll probably pass as latino/latin american in either place . 
  you 'll have a large community in the us . 
  it might be easier to legally migrate to germany . 
  bavarians are the real prussians . 
  being filthy rich oil sheikhs beautiful nature something about vikings, 
  ah yes , my representative in the bundestag . 
  good thing her leaving the party will cost her her seat . 
  no , you see , it 's simple . 
  since the leftists are the true nazis the far-right is the anti-nazi resistance . 
  note that the flag was originally used by right to far-right protesters , not neo-nazis who would n't like an anti-nazi resistance flag , although even that has changed . 
  imagine how articles or books that abbreviate royal air force as raf look to germans . 
  ah , yes . 
  at least is has some interesting history behind it . 
  wirmer was in the resistance against the nazi regime , his brother made this proposal for the west german flag after wwii . 
  the far right likes it because they want to feel like a resistance movement against an unfair regime . 
  it was also the national flag of germany which austria was regrettably part of for 8 years . 
  yes , the imperial tricolour ( black-white-red ) is used by the far right . 
  nothing, 
  yeah , he 's born in munich and lives in berlin at the moment . 
  it 's the pole of a military colour . 
  well , it 's a finial . 
  the whole thing looks [ like this . 
  ] ( https://deutscher-marinebund.de/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/indienststellung-ustggschw_5561_neues-fahnenband-750x1125.jpg ), 
  [ so i know you 're joking but the finials of german military colours actually look pretty nice . 
  most europeans would drown from maintaining a mercedes , too , we do have cheaper cars . 
  japanese brands are pretty popular and so is ford . 
  there are snobs who think their country 's cars are the only ones worth buying but usually this has n't anything to do with europe vs. non-europe . 
  it would be more like german cars vs. french cars . 
  and portals . 
  europe :p, 
  reichsb\u00fcrger are n't all monarchists and most of them are the `` keep gubmint out of my life '' type of conspiracy theorists . 
  your former colony has [ multiple personality disorder ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/libyan_civil_war.svg ) at the moment . 
  it 's outlandish . 
  some places look more like the moon surface than anything else . 
  they have active volcanoes and bears are somewhat of a pest . 
  i had a friend who went hiking there share his pics with me , it looked amazing . 
  yea but you better not stop . 
  i 've been to kirov quite a few times for family reasons , usually including some time in moscow . 
  i have incredibly nice people waiting for me every time , so i may be biased but the people is definitely what i like most about russia . 
  they 're a bit cold if they do n't know you but very kind and hospitable if they do know you . 
  the nature is a plus , too . 
  not very diverse ( i 'm not used to places where you ca n't see mountains in any direction ) but huge and mostly untouched which has become incredibly rare in central europe . 
  the bureaucracy i have to deal with every time is a nightmare and that 's coming from a german . 
  i usually try to keep out of politics . 
  the yearly victory day posters and symbols on every wall , every door and every fence can get a bit annoying , as well as the constant `` krym nash '' . 
  maybe it 's less prevalent in large cities . 
  what i 'm kinda disappointed by is the architecture outside of moscow and st petersburg . 
  mostly there 's only two types of buildings , modern commie blocks , most of which look the same , and a historic city center with early 19th century classicist buildings that all look the same . 
  low , flat roof , green or blue facade , no balconies and the rendering is peeling off . 
  no comparison to the old towns of central and western europe . 
  a beautiful country and a nice people but a bit rough on the edges . 
  some serious problems ( high crime rate , alcoholism , corruption ) but it does feel like it 's getting better . 
  sure , but when the german empire was created the thing most expected to happen was a government of ministers headed by a minister-president ( the traditional name of the head of government of a german land ) . 
  instead bismarck chose a government of `` secretaries '' headed by a `` chancellor '' . 
  hopefully not . 
  chancellor sounds cooler , is more recognizable and is a german tradition since 1870 so we kept it . 
  who says that ? 
  germans ? 
  good for germany but i can understand why some eu members do n't like it . 
  when was that ? 
  it 's definitely not true for most of poland . 
  i do n't think many vatican citizens are dating or marrying each other ( or anyone ) . 
   if you call others racist , the holocaust did n't happen or something . 
  i agree with your sentiment but you 're not going to make yourself popular by saying that germans are trying to downplay the holocaust by being smug or really saying that the perceived attitude of young redditors has anything to do with wwii or the nazis . 
  and `` collective guilt '' is definitely going to trigger a few germans . 
  i think it 's the reddit demographics . 
  every group seems more smug here than it is in reality and it 's true for americans as well . 
  it 's young idealistic people who do n't have to fear something because of them being smug because on in internet nobody knows you 're a dog . 
  tip : there 's a version of your country in every paradox game . 
  there 's a certain irony in the movie becoming something very similar to the commieblocks . 
  everyone knows it , it 's always the same and creates a common identity . 
  i 'm used to calling them schokok\u00fcsse since i grew up after the main negerkuss time . 
  what happened to `` hate the sin and not the sinner '' ? 
  `` acknowledging something '' and race-based hate are two completely different things . 
  do you need to hate a race or ethnicity because members of it did a bad thing in the past ? 
  ungrateful privileged germanic minority litterally bitching about everything and wanting annexation to austria , where they would loose their special status as an autonomous region , but you know , `` m-muh germanic heritage '' they would n't lose much ( if anything ) because austria is a federation . 
  munich france and germany, 
  no , i 'm just puzzled , how do kosovo serbs vote for someone who is effectively in another country ? 
  are there voting booths set up for them ? 
  looking at the election map , [ how did kosovo manage to vote for him ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_presidential_election,_2017#/media/file:serbian_parliamentary_election_\\ ( 2016 \\ ) _ by_majority_of_popular_vote_in_each_district . svg ) ? 
  serbia ? 
  tbf you 're friends with all great powers , you 're also best buddies with russia and china . 
  i have family living in massachusetts and texas and i think it 's not uncommon , especially if you live near a large ( former ) base . 
  my texas cousin sends me conservative facebook memes all the time that would fit perfectly in / r/forwardsfromgrandma . 
   case in point , russia and krym . 
  remember how ukraine used to be best buddies with russia ? 
  a slight political shift and they 're at war and krym is taken over for access to the sea . 
  it 's not * that * easy . 
  ukraine has switched between more pro-western and more pro-russian governments since the early 90s and the relationship with russia was always more pragmatical that it was ideological . 
  they were never a belarus-style russian puppet and there were moments when their relationship was pretty icy . 
  the events of 2014 were seen as a russian backstab in ukraine as much as they were seen as a ukrainian backstab in russia . 
  honestly , i find it a bit hard because `` tragedy '' ignores the causality behind what happened . 
  about that : every year since 1955 the german president holds a speech about that topic on `` tag der heimat '' , some of these are very interesting . 
  sorry for the wall of text , i just really wanted to share that speech and it happened to have a czech translation . 
  i see no problem with that . 
  probably ww2 and the aftermath but calling it a tragic event for germany feels wrong because it 's our own doing . 
  aside from that there 's also the thirty years ' war that tore the empire apart , destroyed most old cities and killed 30 % -50 % of the population . 
  i fear that , like many things originating in vienna , there is a possibility it 's going to spread to the rest of the country and the dominance of german media does n't help . 
  i think it 's great . 
  so many other countries have killed their dialects ( russia , poland ) or are in the process ( germany ) , it 's refreshing that norway has managed to avoid it .
