  internally every city claims to hate at least one other city but nobody takes that seriously . 
  the only internal resentment i could think of is between east and west . 
  we were so in love with each other in 1990 and the east germans went to such great lengths to achieve unity and a german nation state again ... this honeymoon kinda ended after some while . 
  the eastern economy will take ages to achieve western levels and they 're now together in one country where the majority has a different , western european , mindset . 
  they do n't hate the west but many feel somewhat alienated . 
   offender got defenestrated . 
  no , i 'm not kidding as is tradition, 
  no , / u/muehsam is right . 
  the federal government created by bismarck shortly after german unification deliberately did n't use the government titles of the states . 
  there were no ministers , only secretaries . 
  and there was no minister president , only a chancellor . 
  i 've heard several stories of red army soldiers giving out candy to children . 
  the candy is always described very similar , so maybe it was part of their rations . 
  another thing specifically in germany was russian pows working in german farms or somewhere similar . 
  they are usually described as normal or nice people who even made the effort to learn german . 
  apparently they rarely tried to flee and sometimes became a quasi-part of their host family . 
  this may also have something to do with them being automatically labelled as traitors at home and risking punishment . 
  [ tr\u00f6r\u00f6\u00f6 , tr\u00f6r\u00f6\u00f6 , tr\u00f6r\u00f6\u00f6 !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv-wq-prqnk ) you may laugh now . 
  religion also plays a role in determining ethnicity - serbo-croatian dialects sound incredibly similar , so language is not as useful for defining ethnicities as in other parts of europe . 
  * bosniaks most of the attacking serbs were bosnian , but none of them were bosniak . 
  i prefer the drastically different leberk\u00e4sweck ( lkw )  horse meat in leberk\u00e4s is a purely austrian thing btw . 
  bavarian leberk\u00e4s is traditionally made out of beef and pork . 
  another interesting variant is the [ leberk\u00e4sburger ] ( http://images.lecker.de/,id=af07cb9f,b=lecker,w=610,cg=c.jpg ) ( leberk\u00e4s inside a laugenweck ) . 
  keep 92 , i 'm just so happy we won the world cup in 1990 . 
  the timing was just so perfect , 1990 turned to be what is probably the most joyous year in german history . 
  we did n't ban them , we 've just not done one on a federal level since the war . 
  just think about it , without the revival and independence after wwi you might have suffered the fate of occitania and brittany . 
  or if they would have had something similar they might have survived . 
  it only took the french 150 years to practically eradicate all minority languages ( which used to be spoken by the majority of french people ) while something very similar happened to masurians here in germany . 
  low german we did n't actively try to kill but it kinda did anyway , even though there was a time were low german was more prestigious than middle and upper german . 
  why not idefix ? 
  * refeeee - rendum * ? 
  what 's that ? 
  never heard of it . 
  it 's certainly not something that has ever been done on a federal level . 
  we have northern cyprus and timor leste flairs but no flair for catalonia ? 
  we should fix this . 
  so what is behind the sentence `` i want to vote '' ? 
  is your family name sweden ? 
  could you explain this ? 
  that 's does n't sound seemingly innocuous . 
  that 's a very recent development though , so unless you know a lot about france it 's probably forgivable . 
  like assuming that most people in catalonia speak catalan . 
  they do n't but anymore that 's not something people outside spain know much about and it has everything to do with past attempts of eliminating minority languages by the central government, 
  same here in germany . 
  i do n't know where that comes from . 
  reminder that just finding a coat of arms related to your family does n't mean that you have one . 
  if you 're called `` smith '' and find a `` smith '' coat of arms that probably means nothing . 
  in some countries ( commonwealth realm ) there are no family coat of arms really . 
  only persons can officially bear arms there and you have to get one actively , sometimes also including paying a large sum of money . 
  in england you have to pay 5550 fucking pounds . 
  in canada it 's somewhat less than $ 3,000 . 
  there 's no regulations in the us , so feel free to design your own personal coat of arms and use it . 
  [ several presidents had one . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tu0elcw.png ) for germans : even though we 're not a monarchy you can actually offically bear arms here , but only as a family and not as a person . 
  they 're an indivisible part of your name , though . 
  so if you 're a von faber-castell you have a coat of arms that is even protected by the courts as if it were your property . 
  the tagesschau is just the news broadcast of the largest german tv station , ard which is also the world 's largest public broadcaster and germany 's very first tv station . 
  it 's not that it 's that good , it 's just that literally everyone watches it and it 's the prime news source for most germans . 
  that 's impressive , i feel ashamed to say that i get most of my news from the two papers i subscribe to ( faz and the local fr ) and the tagesschau . 
  i like the economist and buy it from time to time but the subscription is so expensive :( it 's good they have an online edition . 
  there are two foreign online papers i like get foreign news from ( the nyt and rbc ) . 
  [ you guys have this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwldjv5ml5m ) , how is this even a question ? 
  both germanies vandalized their old building structure and built ugly things instead . 
  the gdr cities overall were less damaged in the war ( except dresden and berlin of course ) but they were also hit harder by ugly post-war architecture . 
  the expansive rebuilding of dresden began during the last years of the gdr and accelerated in the 90s . 
  it 's still going on to this day . 
  visit it someday , it 's worth it !, 
  large part of dresden were rebuilt . 
  honestly , i think dresden is one of the most beautiful cities of germany again . 
  tourists seem to agree , it 's one of the most visited cities . 
  it 's the untouched rural areas where the hidden gems are ( like the castles everywhere ) but the cities were mostly destroyed . 
   the point is that people do n't like being labeled as ` eastern european ' because it carries negative associations which are still being reinforced due to these generalizations . 
  that 's definitely true and i can imagine that 's it 's especially frustrating for czechs who are literally surrounded by central european countries and have such a similar culture to german-speaking countries . 
  heck , vienna is further east than all of bohemia and the same used to be true for parts of germany . 
  most of east germany is east of cheb . 
   that 's just not used . 
  `` north african gangs '' and `` central asian gangs '' is absolutely in use . 
  i ca n't stand generalizations myself but there 's no ground on which you can argue that 's it 's okay to feel more oppressed than non-europeans . 
   yugoslavian death camps, 
   family crest you have been banned from / r/heraldry . 
  it 's a good thing we prevented that after wwii , let the generals sign the surrender and then formed two new republics that were n't blamed like the weimar republic was . 
   it does n't help that in we it 's still completely normal to generalize about ` eastern europe ' in a way that they would n't do about other ethnicities/nationalities/religions . 
  even the liberal/progressive media in the west do this . 
  now that 's just outright wrong , we generalize everything all the time . 
  you really are n't treated special in any way . 
  it 's always `` americans are always like this '' and `` that 's how muslims are '' and `` asians are so weird '' and `` those schwarzafrikaner '' . 
  even among liberals , non-europeans are far more often generalized than other europeans ( east or west ) , probably because we do n't know that much about them . 
   a couple of albanians picpocketing people in germany ? 
  eastern european criminals . 
  we 'd also say ( and we do say ) `` north african criminals '' , `` muslim criminals '' or `` central asian criminals '' . 
  it 's literally only rich european countries where we do n't generalize . 
  also , props for using the term western europe in the exact same way you do n't want the term eastern europe to be used . 
  being a republic was n't really the problem . 
  the problem was that the military command that fucked the whole thing up in the first place and prevented the parliament from suing for peace the year before chose to chicken out and put all blame on the parliament . 
  the `` i 'm deaf '' scam is popular all around europe . 
  in some cities there are signs that warn visitors . 
  the only ones i know are beggars . 
  suprisingly enough they 're not scamming anyone , they 're decently polite and they like to say hello .
