  that 's not old norse  it 's sindarin . 
   wow , i never knew slovenia is so beautifu that should n't irk you . 
  slovenia is a hidden gem and honestly , if i heard someone say my they never knew my home was so beautiful i 'd be pretty damn proud . 
  similar to germany until a few years ago . 
  every country should take exactly as much as it wants . 
   because european countries are facing low birthrates anyway you could make the opposite argument , that small-scale high-skilled immigration could help against population loss without endangering the ethnic and cultural makeup . 
  0 seems an unreasonable stance to take . 
  there 's an argument to be made how much immigration makes sense and how much is dangerous but 0 is a wasted opportunity . 
  let me say that i 'm really not a friend of mass immigration myself . 
  oh look , it 's you . 
  the / u/drenmar of / r/eesti . 
  op did n't mention celebration , though . 
  only `` memorial '' . 
  germany was the most important loser of wwi and still commemorates it on a small scale . 
  i can make long , bitter , irredentist charts of what germany lost , too . 
  but why should i ? 
  in germany wwi is still important enough for some kind of commemoration , even if we do n't celebrate it . 
  there is a reason the new state was called german empire , not empire of germany , and the monarch had to call himself german emperor , not emperor of germany . 
  austria was still very much considered part of `` germany '' , both in the german empire and in austria , until the end of wwii . 
  the german war decided that there was going to be a unified german state , and it was not to include austria . 
  but it did n't decide whether austria was part of `` germany '' . 
  that happened later . 
  it 's an actual desert but it 's very young ( from the 40s ) . 
  it used to by covered by sand dunes . 
  not l'italiano ? 
  which is one of the lowest values among all oecd countries . 
  also one of the highest productivity values in the oecd . 
  just ignore it . 
  it 's easy if you 're on the other side of the world . 
  nope . 
  yes . 
  it 's not large . 
  [ germany has a desert . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/lieberoser_wueste_2.jpg ), 
  / r/yurop and / r/murica are just patriotic and / r/straya does exist . 
  most of reddit is american , most of the rest is european . 
  / r/shitamericanssay is mostly cancer imo but sometimes there are posts that are really so stupid they deserve to be called out . 
  was to the states once , liked it but i really hated the ice cubes in every single drink . 
  it was n't even warm , it was fall in new england . 
  is this a joke about polish guest-workers in germany or german guest-students in australia ? 
  i do n't know how it is in other states but in hesse we have a subject called `` politik und wirtschaft '' or short `` powi '' ( politics and economics ) that 's mandatory throughout most of secondary school . 
  it 's pretty much what it says on the front . 
  political system of germany , poltical system of the eu , econ 101 . 
  the history around this ( enlightenment , french revolution , german unification and germany 's previous systems of government ) is taught in history . 
  religious education/ethics usually touches on some of the enlightenment philosophers . 
  it includes the actual text of the basic law and the hessian constitution but it seems like there 's less emphasis on political philosophy . 
  [ they have one , i visited it . 
  worms ? 
  [ quite a few actually , one of the largest communities in germany . 
  ] ( http://en.juedisches-frankfurt.de/ ) frankfurt used to be the german city with the largest percentage of jews before the war ( about 10 % ) and they built a lot here . 
  the rothschilds for example are a frankfurt family that left when the nazis came to power . 
  most of these either died or left but today frankfurt has a fast-growing community again , mostly immigrants from the former soviet union . 
  nice people , very irreligious . 
  they visit the synagogue but they chat all the time and do n't even close the curtain . 
  there are some ultra-orthodox among them . 
  sometimes you can see small groups of young men walking around in all-black and in hats . 
  the jewish community of frankfurt has 6600 official members . 
  there may be some more who are n't official members . 
  at home , in private , you can do whatever you want . 
  but everything outside , in discos , theaters , restaurants etc is banned . 
  and it 's usually enforced . 
  same here . 
  yes . 
  he politically persecuted socialists and banned the spd , but as part of his strategy he also introduced socialized medicine to germany , the first country to do this . 
  his plan was to take socialist talking points away . 
  anyway , he 's very well-liked for the result . 
  oh , stauning is the guy with the glorious beard from hoi4 . 
  during medvedev russia was not particularly democratic , but it had a good standing in the world and was a popular partner for many european countries . 
  trade relations with europe , especially germany , were pretty good . 
  do n't forget that he was originally a liberal reformer from putin 's camp . 
  here in germany russia was quite popular before 2014 . 
  and before putin became president yet again , many people saw russia as a democracy . 
  not a perfect one , but it 's not like the west cares too much about that if a country does n't do something really stupid foreign-policy-wise . 
  putin 's reelection destroyed this illusion for many in germany , sochi brought the focus to the treatment of gay people in russia and angered many leftists who traditionally like russia and the annexation of crimea was a huge shock for most germans . 
  at least for germany it took putin only a few years to destroy what medvedev ( and he himself before that ) had built . 
  best chancellor : maybe bismarck . 
  united germany , led it through its early years worst chancellor : errrrr ... 
  i think we can agree on that one current chancellor : merkel . 
  a bit controversial ( `` controversial '' meaning in germany that she has an approval rate of 64 % and 53 % would vote for her in a direct election for the office of chancellor ) . 
  imo not close to either the worst or the best one . 
  most people are ok with her foreign policy and her policy on european relations , her recent policy during the refugee crisis is where discussion can get really ugly . 
  on a sidenote , bismarck 's decision to call the position of the head of government of germany `` chancellor '' was a great idea . 
  you only need to say `` chancellor '' and everyone knows who you 're talking about ( poor austria ) , which does n't work with a boring prime minister . 
  take `` your country '' in a more general way and include the empire and the soviet union . 
  makes the question more interesting . 
  '' \u00d6cken '' sometimes . 
  some people still call 10 cents a `` groschen '' . 
  this is a coin which was discontinued in 1870 . 
  it was worth around 10 pfennig at the time , and people continued using it colloquially . 
  i mean , we also did that and people still find our history interesting . 
  * especially * the bringing despair part . 
  and i really think there 's more to it . 
  austria has a history of creating art , architecture , music and more . 
  probably biedermeier ( after napoleon was defeated and before the liberal revolutions shattered the old order ) . 
   not that austrias history before that was particularly interesting . 
  now that 's not true . 
  skype technologies was founded in july 2003 by swedish entrepeneur niklas zennstr\u00f6m und danish entrepeneur janus friis in luxembourg . 
  maybe that 's it . 
  does he sing with a russian accent ? 
  because its sounds that way .
