   frankfurt , one of the few places in germany you 'll get to see us-levels of street crime . 
  well not quite , but it 's pretty bad in comparison . 
  has some places though . 
  i 'd say it 's the other way around . 
  most of frankfurt is as safe as the rest of germany . 
  it has some places though that are comparable to eastern europe . 
  the bahnfofsviertel is terrible . 
  junkies and everything . 
  the point seems to be to push an agenda . 
  why op chose / r/askeurope for this is above me . 
  russian . 
  it reminds me of my grandma . 
  maybe that 's why it sounds so friendly and cozy to me . 
  otherwise : german, 
  there 's a huge economic and political difference . 
  wages in the east are much lower , as are birth rates . 
  population density is much lower , too . 
  the only thing higher is the emigration rate because easterners migrate to the west . 
  the east is ethnically much more homogeneous . 
  politically easterners are more economically leftist and more socially conservative . 
  the ( far - ) left party die linke and the ( far - ) right party afd are more popular in the east than in the west . 
  germans in general are very irreligious but the east has significantly more irreligious people than the west after half a century of communism . 
  fun fact : because the territory of the former gdr was exclusively protestant before the war this has tipped the religious balance in german from a huge protestant majority ( about 2/3 protestants and 1/3 catholics ) to an almost perfect draw between protestants and catholics ( about 1/3 protestant , 1/3 catholic , somewhat less than 1/3 irreligious and the largest non-christian community being muslims at 5 % ) . 
  it used to be somewhat more common in the much less densely populated gdr , where the loanword `` datsche '' was coined . 
  turn of the century i think ( around 1900 ) . 
  my city had a huge boom aronud that time . 
  can you try to explain the situation in spain and portugal ? 
  i never quite grasped it . 
  from the outside it seems like their leftists are fiercely pro-refugee and their governments are acting like they are too but they do almost nothing . 
  that would be really bizarre , the opposite of the situation in the rest of europe . 
  i guess that 's a circlejerk topic in every european country and i certainly understand it . 
  it 's a gross exaggeration of course but people like to exaggerate for political purposes . 
  it is !, 
  fallersleben , the author , was a liberal and revolutionary republican . 
   i kinda like the idea behind the german one . 
  it 's not a song about war or conquering everyone ( hmm , i wonder why ? ), 
  but it still sounds quite upbeat . 
  it 's actually an old song , the text is from 1841 and the tune is from 1797 . 
  the only detail special to post-war germany is the deliberate choice of singing the third stanza . 
  i agree that it 's a good anthem , though . 
  i used to be center-left , now i 'd probably describe myself as center-right . 
  i never went through an `` anti-american phase '' but a lot of young people do . 
  i 'd say it 's prevalent among young idealist lefties . 
  you see , in germany you grow up learning about america as this magical place where all cool things come from and many germans emigrated to . 
  as you get older and become interested in politics you will maybe do `` research '' about the us and find out about things like the iraq war and so on , so you 're disappointed and spiteful . 
  for most people it fades . 
  germany as a whole views the us pretty positive , except for the far left and the far right . 
  we 're more critical of the us than eastern europe though , which led to that whole `` old europe '' thing that was n't particularly well received here . 
  yeah , you also see that sentiment in reddit a lot and yes , it 's understandable . 
  meanwhile in europe the ( equally understandable ) sentiment exists that nato primarily exists for the benefit of the us . 
  both are of course understandable because both are true . 
  the us wants influence and a military foothold against russia ( and in parts iran ) in europe by having a military presence there . 
  europe wants a capable common defence so it allows us troops to be stationed here , neglecting their own defence forces ( with a few exceptions ) . 
  where these interests align , there 's nato . 
  and of course , like with every compromise , all parties think they 're giving to much and taking too little . 
  it would be nice of course when more people tried to consider the big picture . 
  and being unreasonably optimistic : trump 's election has the potential to be a wake-up call for european nato members to bolster their own defence and give more so that the future trump administration takes them more seriously . 
  that 's my hope , too . 
  trump himself might want to fuck over nato but congress is still filled with normal republicans who understand a bit more about foreign policy . 
  the logo thing is kinda unfair . 
  i would totally vote for the party with the cool bird-and-cross logo just because it looks best . 
  it 's probably extreme-right or something . 
  the lend-lease programme supplied goods to the value of about on fifth of the ussr 's gdp during the fighting . 
  i 'd say that is a pretty substantial contribution . 
  `` reunification '' is a big word for getting back a few kilometers of flatland after having lost so much before . 
  in cyprus there used to be two industries for two types of goods produced . 
  one industry for exporting to the eu that naturally compied with all regulations . 
  and one industry for domestic consumption . 
  after joining the eu the domestic industry pretty much withered away because the owners could n't afford complying with the regulations . 
  i 'd imagine andorra wants to avoid something like this . 
   political system : the us has a two party system with a two stage election ( so your vote can render useless o_o ) . 
  i still ca n't believe my ears when i hear us citizens make the statement that they live in a democracy . 
  maybe that has to do something with the very poor education many of these us citizens recieved and never learned to think for themselves/ask critical questions , but instead just say what they hear on tv . 
  this may sound a bit rude but the way you say that makes it sound like the poorly educated one may be someone else . 
  the us is definitely a democracy and it is more democratic than many countries in eastern europe . 
  just because there is a two-party system does n't mean mean there is no democracy . 
  many european countries have two-party systems . 
  this is literally the equivalent of a dumb american saying there is no democracy in the netherlands . 
  it shows that you know as much about the us than this hypothetical dumb american knows about the netherlands . 
   people did n't fight for anything , it was just to release built up tensions . 
  it was a `` let 's just have this war to end all wars , okay ? '', 
  kind of deal ( which it obviously did n't ) . 
  most countries in wwi did have very specific goals they considered * before * joininng the war . 
  austria wanted to expand into the balkans , germany wanted to exterminate the russian threat and dominate western europe economically and militarily and russia wanted to expand along the black sea coast . 
  france hoped to get alsace-lorraine . 
  countries do n't just go to war because it 's funny . 
  war puts countries at an existential threat . 
  you do n't join one if you do n't think you 're gon na win and you 're gon na come out of it in a better position than before . 
  it 's not like they decided to just fuck over europe . 
  the phrase `` war to end all wars '' was only really a thing in britain before wilson used it . 
  it was used in british propaganda * after * the war started ( meaning it was not used to justify joining it in the first place ) and it was controversial even during the war even in britain itself . 
  other countries did n't really think like this . 
  yes !, 
  it 's a great book and clarke has a very interesting theory on how the war started . 
  i definitely recommend reading it . 
  of course clarke ( like every human ) has an opinion and makes a case for his theory with his book . 
  if you want to form an opinion , try reading about the different positions there are . 
  and `` sleepwalkers '' is a very good start . 
  it 's mostly seen as a very unfortunate thing that should n't have happened because it was very bad for us and we ultimately lost . 
  many blame kaiser wilhelm ii for our involvement in the war which is why he used to be despised by many germans between the wars and is still a controversial person .
