  and it has an interesting history while the imperial flag does n't . 
  they 're called hohenzollern . 
  i think with that fixation on bread you 're basically assimilated by now . 
   i told the brits everyday that their bread is shit and i still stand by it . 
  now that 's just a fact . 
  our common bread culture is unparalleled . 
  i think most people like to think of themselves as individuals so `` haha , that 's so typical for your group '' sounds insulting to some . 
  like that 's not themselves , that 's just their group . 
  at least that 's my theory . 
  money , banks , poverty , foreigners , sour apple wine and a culture of complaining about everything . 
  st. petersburg is just gorgeous . 
  moscow is huge and impressive and intimidating for sure , but i would n't call it `` beautiful '' , or at least not as beautiful as st. petersburg . 
  [ that was dropped ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37573938 ) because of the massive protests . 
  the scandinavians and baltics are capitalist , too . 
  i would love to see some common identity and cooperation in former yugoslavia though . 
  something like the nordic council . 
  here in germany it 's pronounced `` fan goch '' . 
  pretty close but still not entirely correct . 
  gouda is usually pronounced `` gauda '' . 
  still , close but not completely right . 
  my gram takes some camembert with her every time she visits . 
  lots of belorussian cheese . 
  it seems like a thinly veiled attempt to import foreign cheese through belarus . 
  i can hear them ( both catholic and protestant churches are nearby ) and i like it personally . 
  [ there 's also this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wdokimq.png?1 ) it does seem like spain is more tolerant towards these issues than other western european nations , including germany . 
  combine this with the stereotypes of spanish catholicism and backwardness and i can understand that people might wonder why spain is so tolerant . 
   i can only talk about berlin ( maybe you 're referring to a smaller place ? ), 
  you ca n't outweird berlin but attitudes are different in let 's say saxony or brandenburg . 
  those are hessian trachten , are n't they ? 
  oooh , that 's interesting . 
  i 've always wondered why russians have such a weird name for monday since they have a different name for sunday . 
  [ yes , it 's a north german thing . 
  ] ( http://home.snafu.de/mat/sonnabend_karte.jpg ) in the northwest , where the dialects on both sides of the dutch-german border used to diffuse into each other the word `` satertag '' ( literally saturday ) was also in use . 
   in ma\u00dfen or in massen ; the long a is followed by \u00df while the double s like every double consonant signals a short vocal before so it is quite but not totally simmilar i know that , i thought that was what this was about . 
  ich geniesse alkohol in massen which means either `` i drink alcohol in moderation '' or `` i drink alcohol en masse '' . 
  it 's worth mentioning that there 's a new kid in ascii town ( capital sharp s is now a thing but it 's rarely used ) . 
  swiss people on the other hand do n't use the sharp s at all so they 'll always have this ambiguity . 
  they correlate with regional stereotypes . 
  for example low german accent sounds like piratespeak because north germany is the only region with access to the sea . 
  it 's not pejorative , it 's just that they are n't french dialects . 
  occitan is estimated to have 100,000 to 800,000 native speakers out of 16 million living in the area and the number is decreasing ( which is quite a drop from about 13 million native speakers in the 1920s which was almost 100 % of occitan inhabitants at the time and about a third of france 's population ) . 
  france has not ratified the european charter for regional or minority languages and occitan is not expected to survive for a very long time . 
  it 's funny because if you ask german conspiracists they 'll usually tell you that germany is the only non-sovereign country in europe - they say that as if it was completely obvious and one would have to be blind to not see this . 
  i 'll save the comment . 
  i 'll refrain from doing so in the future . 
  i 'm not trying to convince anyone here . 
  there are a few topics i do n't want to discuss with people i do n't know in private . 
  i do believe it is a very real and historical event . 
  i just do n't want to start a discussion on scientific methodology here tbh . 
  yeah , maybe we 'll discuss it privately at some time . 
  i doubt it but i 'll keep the possibility in mind . 
  i do believe in the resurrection of jesus christ ( i would n't call myself a christian otherwise ) but please forgive if i 'm highly skeptical of `` scientific '' attempts to prove it/conflating historical knowledge of jesus with the christ . 
  it makes a subset of christians look bad in other people 's eyes . 
  religion is not really a topic on / r/de . 
  i 'm lutheran and practicing but i 've never felt the need to discuss any of that in / r/de . 
  our token religious one-topic guy is mr `` weltanschauliches fundament '' / u/everestmntntop . 
  i do n't want to misrepresent him by trying to describe them myself , so judge by what you see . 
   the stereotypical wagons with sausages and such are kinda rare . 
  seems like denmark is ahead of the competition here . 
  you left the union with serbia a few years ago and just joined nato . 
  there 's some confusion whether you guys are serbs or not ( comparable to moldova ) . 
  you have an awesome anthem ( oj svijetla majska zoro ) . 
  you 'll probably join the eu someday , though as of now the eu is not very happy with your corruption and press freedom rankings . 
  you have beautiful beaches and a small part of dalmatia . 
  stereotype says you are slow and lazy ( i 'm pretty sure that 's not true ) . 
  not even the romans dared to go further north when they say frankfurt :p, 
  yes , the krampus only exists in areas in germany where the counterreformation persisted and yes , the krampus is more popular in bavaria now as was the case before the war . 
  no , it 's not `` quite obviously implanted '' . 
  it 's proven that trachten and advent traditions originate in the 19th century ; that 's not the case for the krampus . 
  the upper palatinate is n't high-alpine . 
  i 'm not south german and have never seen krampus in hesse , but in bavaria outside of franconia krampus has been a thing for as long as in austria ( first sources are from the renaissance ) . 
  terrible . 
  i think you ventured too far north of the main . 
  [ the irish army pipe band would like to have a talk with you . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/w-v7rokxmji?t=1m1s ) bagpipes are a shared gaelic tradition . 
  that 's interesting !, 
  what is the explanation for them being orthodox ? 
  not wiener schnitzel but we do drench other types of schnitzel in various sauces . 
  especially mushroom sauce can be delicious . 
   gilt als m\u00f6gliches vorbild des wiener schnitzels , was jedoch nicht belegt ist so if i understand that right it 's possible ( though not proven ) that schnitzel originates in medieval italy or even in rome . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  yeah , i 'm happy hofer lost , though his german nationalism is n't the main issue i had with him . 
   it 's originally italian source ? 
  i know that italy has great escalopes , but i always thought breaded schnitzel originates in austria . 
  well , there are also a few austrians who think that , but one way or another , schnitzel comes from austria and people like to forget that . 
  krampus is a thing in south germany . 
  how do you have a widely known stereotype for an island of 490 people ? 
  ireland does have one of the highest fertility rates of europe . 
  foreigners always talk about schnitzel when listing german stereotypes . 
  that got ta be hard for those poor austrians . 
  [ we do it like this . 
  ] ( http://www.powerrun.de/bilder/2006/04/2006-04-07-13uhr14a.jpg ) the german version always comes first . 
   you do n't see a problem with italy choosing the coa of a family which is n't even the royal family of italy ? 
  yes . 
  many royal coats of arms have become national coats of arms over time . 
   since savoy has no ties to current italy , other than history . 
  i say that 's a very important tie . 
  italy was created by the house of savoy and even though savoy proper is largely in france today , the duchy of savoy used to own all of savoy and piedmont . 
  to use a comparison : the german military uses prussian symbolism , even though the hohenzollern do n't rule anymore .
