  a leftist accusing other leftists of being no better than nazis is a serious thing , it 's supposed to be an insult , not a justification or distraction . 
  600 euros ? 
  sounds like northern germany . 
  i 'm afraid even those have one head and one people per person . 
  goot to see we were already standardizing our money bills even before the euro . 
  it does seem like the poles are quicker to see a problem here . 
  i think there are two concepts of nationality clashing here . 
  for france , this is completely normal , since their nationalism is n't based on blood or language of birth . 
  french nationalism was based on making an old , multinational kingdom a single nation . 
  that 's why napoleon is french and kleber is french too . 
  polish nationalism on the other side was based on making a nation for a people that did n't have its own country at the time . 
  it is very much based on blood on language . 
  so from a french perspective curie is of course french ( what else could she be ) and from a polish perspective sklodowska is of course polish ( what else could she be ) . 
  i 'm just happy i 'm spared from this conflict since she did n't have anything to do with germany . 
  curie strongly identified as polish , even taught it to her children and gave the first element she discovered the name polonium , but i fear the french have won this battle a long time ago . 
  outside of poland her polishness is not really known . 
  [ here she is on the 500-franc bill . 
  ] ( https://www.leftovercurrency.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/500-french-francs-banknote-pierre-and-marie-curie-obverse-1.jpg ) , 
  us immigration records from that time are known for their missspellings . 
  he had a german birth certificate and german citizenship , and so had his family . 
  [ there is no real doubt he was called `` trump '' . 
  ] ( https://gedbas.genealogy.net/person/ancestors/1178251533 ) what you might have heard about is the whole thing with john oliver and the story he tried to push that the family name was changed from `` drumpf '' to `` trump '' during the thirty years ' war which is pure speculation . 
  when his grandpa immigrated from the bavarian palatinate in 1885 the family was already called trump , anything beyond that is nothing more than speculation . 
  interestingly , after he had made a fortune selling food to miners during the gold rush he returned to kallstadt and married . 
  he did n't even plan to ever return to the us , but was was stripped of his citizenship because he had dodged the draft my emigrating . 
  without this , the family might never have left germany . 
  does n't help , they get upvoted anyway . 
  most of his posts are reposts . 
  nice statistics you have there regarding the usual treatment of leftist and rightist protesters in germany . 
  and i 'm not talking about anecdotes . 
  exactly . 
  not all republicans are pro-immigration . 
  that said , even under trump , immigration to the us is happening in huge numbers . 
  despite his rhetoric , trump has n't really touched immigration laws . 
  it 's actually quite interesting , even though ceuta has a slim arab majority , about two thirds of its population are christians and less than a third are muslims . 
  [ why would you , it 's unpleasant . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6dozqp/today_kyiv_celebrates_1535th_birthday/di4gknj/ ), 
  i really do n't understand your problem . 
  you can make billions of pics of ugly sides all over europe and post them here , but why would you ? 
  people get satisfaction from looking at beautiful things , i do n't see the problem with that . 
  come on . 
  beautiful place . 
  err ... 
  i 'll not comment on the politics . 
  largest city of the volga delta , near the kazakh border . 
  not really , `` trickle down '' has never been an actual theory in the anglosphere ( or anywhere else really ) . 
  in germany you 'll find a lot of people that will tell you they 're protestant or catholic because that 's how they were brought up . 
  if you ask the same people if they believe in god you 'll get very different answers . 
  the kingdom of portugal was proclaimed in 1139 , so about a 100 years later . 
  my guess is that it 's either because if its historical importance or because it was more of a state than the baltic tribes were before mindaugaus . 
  well , you can see that the largest part of the byzantine empire was located in asia minor back then . 
  it 's the [ kievan rus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kievan_rus%27 ) , usually just called `` rus '' or `` russia '' at that time . 
  basically a federation of east slavic principalities ( all governed by the rurikovichi ) that was headed by a grand prince ( usually that of kiev , hence kievan rus ) . 
  it 's vaguely drawn because the sources are thin and borders were a pretty vague thing in this huge and mostly empty area . 
  all russian states since muscovy refounded the rus have styled themselves as successors of the rus . 
  today ukraine too sees itself as one of several successors . 
  there was a bit of a slapfight about that topic in the comment section of a pic of kiev in this sub the other day . 
  i would n't call a double genocide `` fair '' , two wrongs make no right . 
  it definitely does n't make wwii undone and it really should n't been seen as a justification for what the nazis did . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moldauhafen https://img.shz.de/img/incoming/crop5753936/3146394682-cv16_9-w596/dpa-1488a2006c0a84fa.jpg, 
   conservative or democrate er, 
  thanks !, 
  oh that 's today ? 
  is there a livestream ? 
  you mean the sea of japan ? 
  not all of it . 
  actually , a pretty small part of it . 
  russia got the largest part of the prussian coast , while poland 's coast is mostly pomeranian . 
  pomerania was technically part of the free state of prussia but not part of the historic region . 
  some are catholic , some are protestant . 
  counterreformation was n't 100 % successful in hungary . 
  til leader cult does n't exist in countries that claim to be communist . 
  stalin and kim jong il were a lie . 
  it was n't always that way . 
  alternatively , there 's india . 
  they border a country called india that is poorer but still very proud of being a democracy . 
  that must explain the revolution against ceausescu . 
  it 's called the fat hen for a reason . 
  please do your job , bverfg . 
  calm down , there 's a reason he chose that pic . 
  from wikipedia :  the oak has long been seen as a `` german '' tree . 
  its hard wood and the typical , late falling leaves have made it a symbol for immortality and steadfastness since the time of the germanic tribes . 
  later , during the romantic era , it became a symbol of loyalty . 
   with the romantic nationalism of the 19th century , with the german revolution of 1848 and the foundation of the german empire in 1871 strengthening the feeling of national unity , the oak branch became a german symbol . 
  on german propaganda posters , memorials , wreaths , state symbols and the like , the oak branch has a similar function as the laurel wreath . 
  the oak is a popular symbol of germany , oak branches have been used for the pfennig before . 
  funny story , i know one of the compromised judges myself ( well , `` know '' him ) . 
  there are many countries in this world that are hostile to the us or a us ally , that does n't mean it 's always good foreign policy to push for a regime change . 
  every country has idiots , do n't hate your country for it . 
  so was the bad situation of ethnic russians in ukraine but it neither case it was the sole reason for the invasion ( and i doubt it was even the main reason ) . 
  turkey invaded half of it out of fear of it being annexed by greece and under the pretense of persecution of ethnic turks . 
  there 's a certain parallel here to the invasion of crimea . 
  i 'm not sure myself . 
  no majority , but there were still a lot of poles in upper silesia , which is why the old province of silesia was broken up and upper silesia got its own provincial parliament . 
  germans in upper silesia were majority catholic , too . 
  all larger countries and a few additional countries from southern and eastern europe are included . 
  i think it 's representative enough . 
  same for the german id if you look at it . 
  also same for many ids all over the world . 
  intra-eu immigration was one of the main reason brits voted leave .
