  eat them with lots of applesauce . 
  * * get it away !, 
  * when i was little ( i think i was six ) i had to go to the birthday of my grand aunt . 
  she had rented a large room and it seemed like she had invited every single old woman of the entire village . 
  the `` party '' went from the afternoon to the late night and every hour felt like a year for 6-year-old me . 
  the temperature was unbearably hot , nothing ever happened , i was n't allowed to leave my chair , i had no one to speak to , only old women speaking in a language i did n't understand and the only thing to eat was kholodets . 
  i hate kholodets with every fibre of my being . 
  high german is based on the dialect around augsburg in bavarian swabia , with middle german influences . 
  northern german dialects are less similar to high german than south german dialects , and they are more similar to english and south german dialects . 
  it 's just that northern german dialects are almost extinct today and most north germans now grow up speaking only high german . 
  unless you only look at economic policy and ignore everything else , that 's not true for most european countries . 
   kafka would be an austrian writer we read a german-speaking jewish guy with a czech name who lived in prague ( part of austria-hungary and czechoslovakia during his lifetime ) and died in austria . 
  his nationality is a bit complicated . 
  even in the east of the country ? 
  they 're closer to english . 
  what the heck ? 
  social democracy is one of several political ideologies . 
  most older people are conservative , conservatives are in power in most european countries . 
   for instance , i imagine that if europe took in a million random trump supporters from the us for a year , 990,000 would abandon their american beliefs and become european social democrats they would probably vote for one of the many populist parties we have . 
  afd , front national , ukip , pis , cinque stelle ... people do n't change their convictions just because they move to europe . 
  europe is not the leftist paradise you might think it is . 
  we have strong conservative and populist movements and parties that are in power in many european countries and even our social democrats are not what you think them to be . 
  nobody would say it 's not actually patriotic . 
  not that i have a problem with that , but it * is * a patriotic song and there 's no unpatriotic or ironic message behind it that people ignore . 
  they 're called spaghetti westerns for a reason . 
  let 's just assume your premise is true ( i do n't think it is ) : yes , the regional unions would probably be strengthened ( benelux , nordic union ) . 
  the `` core '' of germany , france and the benelux will probably remain in an economic and political union now matter what happens . 
  maybe it has something to do with the [ maik\u00e4fer regiment . 
  * the swedes have come , * * they have taken everything with them , * * they have smashed the windows , * * they have taken all the lead , * * they have made bullets out of it * * and shot everyone with them * . 
  * hurrah victory , now the war has come to an end !, 
  it is a very big deal for them but it 's not like op presented it , that catalonia was an independent state invaded by spain . 
  catalonia was part of spain before , it just had its rights revoked . 
  oh so did we in greek class . 
  do n't get me wrong , this was a serious question . 
  which sources do you trust ? 
  reporters without borders is of course not impartial , but it 's the best thing we got and they do use first-hand experience from hungarian reporters - if you 're gon na criticize them and say all of their work is for nothing you got ta show me where exactly they are wrong . 
  and in their ranking hungary is now behind lesotho , mongolia and malawi - did you read their report ? 
  it 's not short . 
  they critized germany for the new surveillance law , they graded down turkey and hungary . 
  is what they say about germany and turkey wrong , too ? 
  at this point i feel like i 'm discussing with a flatearther who just dismisses all nasa photos and scientific works as lies because he has no anecdotal experience with being in space himself . 
  i 'm beginning to think you 're either trolling or just plain delusional . 
  i do n't disagree with orb\u00e1n 's social positions or his opposition to immigration - but you have to be blind to not see anything of what fidesz has done since they got to power . 
  i presume everything the european court for human rights says about hungary is just plain lies , too . 
  right ? 
  the whole world has conspired against hungary . 
  i swear i could have the same discussion with a guy who claims saudi arabia is a perfectly functioning liberal democracy , and every source that suggests otherwise is wrong . 
  if you dismiss all sources that speak against your position then we have no base for discussion . 
  why the german literature ? 
  we had little foreign literature . 
  only in english class i think . 
  probably also in french class but i did n't have that . 
  how many people really know that it is a drinking song ? 
  i do n't think that 's a problem . 
  it was an part of the official anthem of the kingdom of yugoslavia and had been used long before . 
  it 's not specific to the sr. 
  a drinking song is just perfect for germany . 
  like reporters ? 
  or do you prefer anecdotes to actual reports ? 
   ours is about friendship , so nope , i want it to stay the way it is . 
  in a way the anthem has already been `` modernised '' or updated . 
  the traditional anthem is the more militaristic `` naprej zastava slave '' by simon jenko . 
  it was replaced by an excerpt from pre\u0161eren 's `` zdravljica '' . 
  i had already learned it because of football at that point and i can imagine it 's similar for others . 
  we had to sing a song every moring in elementary school and there were many folk songs among them , but not the national anthem . 
   i 'm sorry if this question seems too stupid , but i 've always been curious about it . 
  every time i watch the euros or the world cup , it 's pretty weird to see the players and 20000 folks proudly singing at the top of their lungs , while the spanish fans are like `` lalalalaaaa '' ... spain too has no official lyrics . 
   would you like the text to be `` modernised '' or `` updated '' , or do you prefer all the stuff about ancient wars and kings ? 
  i would like to keep it as it is ( even though / r/de seems very keen to include the gdr anthem or the kinderhymne ) . 
  yeah , that 's basically how it feels for them . 
  their families did something that they thought was perfectly legal and normal at the time ( relocating from one soviet republic to another one ) but which the estonian government now claims to be illegal , because in their eyes estonia was illegally occupied and never consented to them entering the country . 
  they could n't know the situation would change . 
  the thing is that the line was drawn ( partly by the soviets themselves ) before they chose to relocate from the rsfsr to the estonian ssr and live their lives there . 
  they know they were entering estonia , it 's just that their language did n't matter at the time since they were all in the soviet union anyway . 
  what is actual evidence to you ? 
  reporters without borders is widely respected . 
   the european countries i visited did n't give me any cultural shock . 
  maybe germany when they brought me apfelschorle in a restaurant . 
  i 'm kidding . 
  had the same experience the other way round . 
  wanted an `` apfelschorle '' and all i got was a disgusted waiter and an `` apfelsaft gespritzt '' . 
  https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-press/2017/hungary https://rsf.org/en/hungary https://dailynewshungary.com/economist-intelligence-unit-hungary-democracy-flaws/ at this point orb\u00e1n 's hungary is little better than putin 's russia . 
  still a far shot from dictatorships in africa and the middle east but pretty bad for a european country . 
  why would you visit manchester out of all uk cities ? 
   to them its mostly not living in a foreign country but in the country their ancestors lived too so why should n't they use their language ? 
  well cyberpunkreddititician did n't mention the word `` foreign '' ( edit : sorry , actually they did ) , they said  if you 've been living there for at least some time ( and especially your entire life ) , they should most definitely know at least some by now . 
  which makes sense to me . 
  if they are estonians , even ethnically russian estonians , it makes sense to learn how to speak estonian . 
  it will help them get jobs in western estonia for example . 
  they do n't have to give up the language they speak at home . 
  95 % of all of germany 's inhabitants ( and even more of the citizens i guess ) speak german as their first language , some of the most-spoken first languages after that are turkish and russian . 
  so it 's not a common thing and if you do experience it it 's with immigrants . 
  other languages than german do exist in germany ( sorbian , danish ) but their communities usually grow up bilingually . 
   us dutch folk blend in with the crowd quite well , especially in germany . 
  well , your yellow plates and caravans are very much visible on the autobahn . 
  wikipedia say most tourists in germany are dutch but i think those are the ones that flood our camping places and beaches , not our cities . 
  visitors to our cities seems to be mostly american and japanese , but that 's only my personal experience . 
  barring the migrants from entering the eu is a noble cause , but i do n't get why orb\u00e1n has so many fans . 
  why not a democratic leader like zeman ? 
  do n't forget the eastern parts of germany .
