  i got one of them a warm bottle of tea once , he seemed to enjoy it but did n't thank me and only said `` i 'd like to have coffee the next time . '', 
  that was pretty damn impolite . 
  we never had many of them to begin with and since most native gypsies died in the holocaust ( along with those from austria and czechia ) practically all german gypsies ( [ not that we have much of them ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/eurogipsy.svg ) ) are eastern european immigrants . 
  that may be the reason for some of the stereotypes germans have against eastern europeans . 
  kill me . 
  my mother 's side of the family was forced to do some research because my gandpa decided to join the naval academy after wwii broke out ( in stralsund , where he conveniently spent the rest of the war getting better rations than his family at home and enjoying the sea while my family was bombed in frankfurt ) . 
  so apparently one large part of this side of the family is just lots and lots of frankfurter commoners living here for longer than we can keep track of ( though the name sounds low german , there may have been a migration from there ) while the other large part is huguenot refugees . 
  `` luckily '' they immigrated shortly before the date necessary for my grandpa to pass as aryan . 
  religion was passed down mostly paternally so my mom ended up as a lutheran like most frankfurters at the time ( lutheranism was the state religion for a long time ) . 
  my father 's family is 100 % russian , we literally do n't know anything about them , there is nothing , no lists or anything . 
  it 's safe to assume that they were all peasants nobody took note of . 
  maybe there are some tatars mixed in because they live nearby . 
  germany , france ( < 3 ) , netherlands , czechia , russia , italy ( i would n't want to live without italy ) , bulgaria ( it 's so gorgeous !, 
  ) , austria , spain , ireland . 
  it 's a great thing they survived whatever was hurled at them . 
  compared to other european countries , germany is not a country with lots of old stuff but that makes the stuff we have more special and more cared-about . 
  which european outside of switzerland or sweden does n't ? 
  worth noting is that while the entente did press for democratization on germany we deposed him by ourselves before the official peace treaty and signed the treaty as a republic . 
  last one was willi two . 
  we did n't like him when we deposed him and we do n't like him today . 
  after wwi republicans and monarchists were split ca . 
  50/50 but nobody really cared much about the issue . 
  so we did n't really hate or love the monarchy itself nor are we as proud of being a republic as e.g. 
  france but willi two in particular is really not well-liked because of wwi and his disastrous foreign policy . 
  czechia , no doubt . 
  culture , food , beer , cars , nature , shared history . 
  the german language has been changing from being an synthetic language to being an analytical one for ages , it 's unlikely that immigration has a lot of influence on this . 
  maybe in 1000 years , the opposite will happen . 
  who knows ? 
  slightly altered from below : pretty much all languages are influenced by other languages and it 's literally completely irrelevant . 
  the languages spoken in sweden have evolved and changed and taken in foreign influences since the first humans came to northern europe , and they will continue to do so until the last human in sweden capable of speaking has died . 
  every language is a `` frankenstain-esque creation '' of millenia of language change and foreign influence . 
  that 's the most petty thing you could complain about . 
  way to shove your political conviction into something completely unrelated . 
  pretty much all languages are influenced by other languages and it 's literally completely irrelevant . 
  the languages spoken in france have evolved and changed and taken in foreign influences since the first humans came to western europe , and they will continue to do so until the last human in france capable of speaking has died . 
  it 's possible that the guys who are proud nato members and want to join the eu badly are n't the guys who are to gain anything by spreading terror in the perceived `` evil west '' . 
  that 's one thing i really do n't like about germany . 
  tap water is cheap and has an excellent quality but restaurants just do n't want offer it for free . 
  you 'll hear something along the lines of `` we do n't have that '' or `` we do n't offer that '' and they 'll look at you weird . 
  like , how do they wash their dishes ? 
  of course they have tap water , they just need to turn on the tap for a few seconds and for a fraction of a cent !, 
  frankfurter here , never heard that . 
  maybe this has something to do with the historical importance of jews in rhein-main-area cities ( shum + frankfurt ) ? 
   there is n't really much cultural similarity between our two countries , bavaria aside , after all ( besides the language arguably ) . 
  that 's the thing i do n't really get . 
  of course there are some siginificant differences but from a german perspective there 's no country that is as similar to us than austria , in almost every cultural aspect except maybe for manners . 
  there are far too many germans who are ignorant about austria but it seems that they 're are also many austrians who do n't know much about germany north of bavaria and assume it 's radically different . 
  aka the `` abiturienten visiting prague '' starterpack ? 
  it also sounds somewhat patronizing or even ignorant . 
   `` hey guys , i do n't know much about germany or about how you spent 70 years developing your special relation with your history , discussing the topic seemingly endlessly and writing lots and lots of books with differring opinions on this , which many of you are very proud of , * but * * how * about just forgetting it all and practicing my american form of patriotism ? 
  betcha never thought ` bout that , huh ? 
  * seig hiel * and * gott mitt uns * amirite ? '', 
  you know , it 's a deeply engrained part of post-war german culture . 
  challenging a national narrative that was formed though intense discussion over the course of 7 decades and is still in change feels just a bit mortifying . 
  by saying something like this , instead of relieving or encouraging someone , you usually just annoy them . 
  it creates the impression that the visitor has n't cared to learn about german culture and german attitudes to these issues and thinks every country should think like the us . 
  this `` i know better about about that topic than all of you '' attitude , that 's the ignorant part . 
  i know most americans feel generous or forgiving when they 're saying something like this , but that 's part of the problem . 
  it implies we need any kind of allowance to do what we want or that your personal forgiveness changes anything . 
  we do n't feel like we need any permission from you , that 's the patronizing part . 
  many people feel like that when you 're in a foreign country you should try adapting to their ways and customs , like a guest is supposed to . 
  not adapting to them and thinking that by not adapting you 're actually doing a good thing for them by `` granting '' them to behave completely different than they want to or are used to just does n't leave a good impression anywhere in the world . 
  i hope this helped to clear things up a bit . 
  fatherland ( vaterland ) that 's easy . 
  the word is neuter gender because of the `` land '' part . 
  it 's very `` noble '' , you would never use it in everyday conversation at all . 
  leftist politicians rarely or never use it while rightist politicians only use it when they think they 're saying something very important . 
  even though every country can be someone 's fatherland , it 's usually clear that it 's used for germany . 
  while it appears in a few regional anthems it 's normally used to represent germany as a whole - which creates weird situations like hofer , the austrian far-right politician ( who usually likes to act all patriotic and `` heimatverbunden '' ) avoiding it like the pest because he does n't want to use it for austria as a german nationalist . 
  it appears twice in the national anthem . 
  those are the parts where some people sing particularly loud while some get a bit uneasy . 
  a simpler term without any of this fancy meaning and connotation would be `` heimat '' ( homeland ) which can mean every place where you fell at home . 
  regions , city , country , whatever . 
  that one 's female gender . 
  the national personification `` germania '' is female ( like most personifications ) . 
  it 's not really in use , though . 
  there 's statues and shit of course , but that 's about it . 
  it 's just colloquial . 
  if you 're still learning people will find it weird when you try to speak colloquially and if you live here you 'll pick it up anyway . 
  whoops . 
  happens a lot to me . 
  it 's such a similar word that i 'm so used to type in german and that 's even pronounced the same in german slang . 
  i regularly visit / r/askanamerican and it never struck me as right leaning . 
  maybe some libertarians ( the whole gun issue is very foreign to me as a german but i guess that 's just how cultures are different ) but overall it 's pretty liberal . 
  occasionally there are the `` i wo n't visit europe , it 's unsafe because of the muslims '' guys ( western europe is literally and provenly much safer than the us ) but they 're really rare . 
  i 'm a sucker for the 19th century . 
  the aesthetics , the architecture , the technological advancements , i do n't know . 
  a bit late , but thanks for listing all those examples !, 
  i know most of those songs in german , but i did n't know they 're also popular in estonia . 
  interwar estonia seems to have had some nice uniforms ( especially those hats look great ) . 
  i 'm glad to hear that germans brought more to the baltics than 700 years of oppression !, 
  song festivals were a thing in germany in the 19th century but today they 're almost non-existent . 
  the old estonian anthem seems to be derived from a german patriotic song ( `` ich hab mich ergeben '' ) , are there more songs that have found their way to the baltics ? 
  j\u00e4gerschnitzel is n't bad tbh . 
  the fact is that he does n't advocate just any system , he specifically advocates single-payer . 
  and it 's not clear at all whether introducing single-payer in the us with their history would be any better than the current system . 
  you can think much about what he would be okay with if he would support other policies , but he does n't . 
  and politicians should be judged by their policy . 
  in this case it 's a policy that would make you a leftist in most european countries .
