  regarding europe : topless beaches . 
  americans often assume that all women in europe are topless on all beaches . 
  this is completely false . 
  it 's acceptable to go topless and in no way frowned upon , but if i had to guess , less than 5 % of women are topless on beaches in france , greece , italy , etc. 
  austria does . 
  i am not exactly sure how much but 11k euros immediately came to mind , so i think it 's around there . 
  ianal but i think they have it in the us , too . 
  i watch quite a bit of us political shows and when they talk about tax increases for the rich , i have often heard the counter-argument ` but most low incomes do n't even pay * any * income tax . ', 
  do n't know what their threshold is , though . 
  just wanted to add that speaking ( some of ) the local language is n't necessarily a requirement in the larger western european cities , e.g. 
  vienna , ~ ~ berlin , ~ ~ amsterdam and presumably all of scandinavia . 
  especially if you 're in it and have some skills a company is looking for , it 's not a problem to find work even if you only speak english . 
  i was n't so much thinking of him socializing with other black people but more of ` how common is it to be black ? ', 
  in a given country and how easy/hard it is to ` blend in ' with the local population . 
  i definitely did n't mean he should just hang out with other people of the same skin color . 
  here are my thoughts : * as you said , being black you 'll be a minority everywhere in europe . 
  afaik , the countries with the largest black populations are france , belgium , uk , and the netherlands , all due to their colonial history . 
  in other western european countries , like austria , germany , sweden , italy , there are some black people , but most people would probably assume you 're a recent immigrant as opposed to someone born there . 
  do n't know if that matters for you . 
  in eastern europe you 'd stand out wherever you go and it 's probably not the best place to be black/immigrant these days so i think you should look into western europe . 
  * immigrating/moving here might not be as easy as you think . 
  americans ( and europeans ) often assume that their passports allow them to go wherever they want . 
  while that 's true for tourism , it 's not true that europeans can just choose to move to and live in the us , canada , or australia . 
  the same goes for americans moving to europe . 
  you will need a work visa or a residence permit . 
  i really do n't know the requirements for americans but you can have a look at / r/germany . 
  it 's in english and people often ask about the process of moving to germany from different places . 
  * lgbt-issues : much of western europe is lgbt-friendly , especially the larger cities . 
  comparable to the us , i suppose . 
  * atheism : not an issue at all !, 
  * western europe is not cheap . 
  americans sometimes think they 'll travel in europe and live like kings on a $ 200/week budget . 
  that 's a false assumption . 
  western europe is just as expensive as the us and partly even more expensive , depending on where in the us you 're from . 
  * place of belonging . 
  that 's a tough one . 
  i 've never been an immigrant or black in europe . 
  i generally like to think that we 're nice and welcoming people ( especially towards americans ) but i 've heard immigrants call europe anything from ` heaven on earth ' to ` terribly racist and xenophobic ' . 
  i guess you will have to make your own experiences . 
  best of luck !, 
  hi europeans !, 
  as the title says , i 'm looking for some beef you have with neighboring countries , which the rest of us may not know about . 
  sports rivalries , funny names you call each other , fun you poke at your neighbors ( and why ) , or even silly historic conflicts that people still remember ( like , `` you took that castle from us in the war of 1386 and still have n't returned the furniture ! '' ) . 
  needless to say , i am not looking for any hate or racism . 
  just things that people from other countries might find interesting and potentially amusing . 
   * ( does n't have to be a neighbor . 
  any other country is fine . 
  i have n't been following the reports regarding the ban of burkinis in detail . 
  i thought it was in line with the already existing ban of burkas/niqabs in some places , but i 'm not sure if that 's accurate . 
  could you update me on how the ban ( s ) came into place and who is behind it ? 
  is it only fn mayors or everyone ? 
  what 's the reasoning and the goal they 're trying to achieve ? 
  have the bans had any effect so far ? 
  i 'm really not looking for a debate on immigration or terrorism , but just an outline of who the involved parties are , their arguments , and maybe what the french public thinks about it . 
  merci !, 
  hey guys from slavic countries !, 
  the title pretty much says it , but for clarification : * how deep of a connection do slavs feel between each other ? 
  ( not quantifiable , but how would you describe it ) * what is it that connects you as slavs ? 
  ( if anything ) * how closely related are your languages ? 
  who can understand who ? 
  can you read each other 's languages ? 
  is it fairly easy to learn other slavic languages , given you already speak one ? 
  for example , as a german speaker , i can understand luxembourgish and i can sometimes make sense of written dutch . 
  with swedish , i can only recognize the common roots , but not read/understand it . 
  * is there a lot of ( cultural ) exchange happening between the countries ? 
  ( e.g. 
  school exchanges , studying abroad , tv/media from other countries , etc. ), 
  * is there anything pan-slavic going on ? 
  ( politics , sports , whatever ) you do n't need to answer all of these . 
  i just want to get a general idea of the subject . 
  ** edit : thanks , guys !, 
  those were some great answers , especially about the languages !, 
  ** btw i was n't aware that `` pan-slavic '' was a politically/historically charged term . 
  i just used it because someone used `` pan-american '' the other day , and i could n't think of a better way to say `` all the slavic people/countries '' . 
  hey guys . 
  day after tomorrow ( 26 oct ) is austria 's national day . 
  on this day , the austrian armed forces have a `` show of capabilities '' on ` heroes square ' , the largest square in the capital vienna . 
  it 's not a parade , it 's not televised - they basically have a few tanks , trucks and aircraft on display and people can check them out and take pictures in the cockpit . 
  and our president gives a speech and a bunch of recruits say their oath at the start of their military service . 
  there is currently a debate going on in / r/austria whether a military event is appropriate , considering that we are a neutral country and have pledged not to engage in any wars . 
  so i was wondering : * are military shows/parades held on national day in your country ? 
  * if so , how big and do people care ? 
  feel free to share your personal opinion of it . 
  edit : here 's [ a promotional video ] ( https://youtu.be/ojvu8ou9zhs ) from 2014 , if you 're interested . 
  hey guys . 
  i grew up in austria and prostitution was never an issue here . 
  actually , on my way to my high school ( 17 kilometers ) i would pass 4 brothels . 
  as kids , we would always giggle but it was never a big deal . 
  in hungary , prostitution and brothels were also abundant , so i kind of assumed it was similar in all of europe . 
  i know from tv and from visits that it 's * illegal * in most of the us , but i always assumed it was just the american puritan/religious way . 
  however , in the last few years i found out that many european countries regulate or even prohibit prostitution , so i 'm curious now : * is prostitution legal in your country ? 
  * if not , why not ? 
  what do people think about it ? 
  does it happen anyway ? 
  * is it a political issue in your country ? 
  what groups are for or against it ? 
  feel free to share your personal opinion on it . 
  hey guys . 
  my english is pretty decent , yet i 'm still not 100 % sure of the correct terms when referring to the various european countries . 
  some examples : * is the adjective slovak or slovakian ?
