  there are very rarely any popular songs hat are n't english or german . 
  no , not in english class . 
  we had to memorize some poems in german class , and also some stuff in latin class , but definitely not in english . 
  the welfare state and better public services . 
  other than that , there 's not much difference and they both have their pros and cons . 
  edit : also , europe has fewer trolls and i 'm proud of that !, 
   she absolutely loves to fuck compared to anything i 've seen in poland . 
  my first gf was polish and i must say i disagree with you . 
  maybe we were both just lucky . 
  in austria it 's definitely much harder than in the us ( i got my license there ) , but most of all it 's more time-consuming and much more expensive . 
  here , they make you go to classes for the theory part , and you have to take a test in a ) traffic rules and b ) technical stuff about cars and engines . 
  for the actual driving test you also have to take a few hours with an instructor from the driving school . 
  all in all , it 'll cost you $ 800 - $ 1000 . 
  it 's outrageous and a freaking conspiracy by big driving school . 
  in the us , i just picked up a booklet with the traffic rules , studied it and went to the dmv and took the written exam ( $ 40 ) . 
  after passing it , i got the learners permit and was allowed to drive with an adult in the passenger seat . 
  i drove around a bit with my host-mother and when i felt ready i went to the dmv again and took the driving test ( ~ $ 50 ) . 
  so simple and cheap . 
  when i returned to austria , i could exchange the american for an austrian license . 
   if you take your drivers exam in an automatic , you can only drive an automatic same in austria . 
  :d it works on so many levels . 
  i 'm not op , but when austrians say `` rotes wien '' ( red vienna ) it refers to vienna being very social-democratic . 
  we often refer to political parties by the colors they were assigned , and red = social democratic ( formerly socialist ) and black = conservative . 
  vienna has always been a very `` red city '' , pre wwii and also after that . 
  iirc except for two elections since 1945 , the social democrats always had a  50 % majority and could rule the city alone , i.e. 
  without having to form a coalition . 
  it 's also because of vienna being the most populous state that austria as a whole has had social democratic chancellors for much of the last 45 years . 
  many of the more rural states are ( strongly ) conservative , but the 1.8 m people of vienna balance it out and of tip the scale in favor of social democrats . 
  vienna also has strong tradition of public housing projects which make rents pretty affordable in vienna and relatively good social cohesion and relatively low income and wealth inequality . 
  it 's almost a model city for social democratic policies , if you support those . 
  and i 'm looking forward to you guys coming !, 
  i 've been a fan of the irish fans since the 0:4 - match against spain , and you were great again at the last euros . 
  i hope i can spot a bunch in the city before the game and have a beer with them !, 
  your itinerary is fine . 
  as others have said , you ca n't show off europe with a few cities . 
  my recommendation is enjoy the cities you have chosen . 
  do n't try to `` optimize '' your itinerary and do n't think about what you might be missing and whether you could have planned it `` just a little better '' . 
  you 'll have a great trip and hopefully you 'll enjoy it enough to come back and explore more . 
  nice videos , thank you !, 
  and your language does sound like finnish . 
  yeah , i think it 's similar in austria . 
  maybe that 's why they just show it on a square instead of having a moving parade . 
  of course , we are allowed to defend ourselves . 
   ianal , but i think our neutrality states that we 're not allowed to take sides in any war , so that 's what i meant by `` engage in any war '' . 
  so e.g. 
  when country x is at war with country y , we ca n't give assistance to either of those countries . 
  this has been an issue e.g. 
  during the iraq war , when the us wanted to move some equipment through austria or use our airspace and we did n't allow it . 
  or something ... 
   trooping the colour , and that 's quite something . 
  they show it on tv in austria every year . 
  i love it for the historical info the commentators give you and i love imagining that it must have been somewhat similar 100 , 200 years or even longer ago . 
  my deepest sympathies . 
  :( not even an independence day , or `` founding day '' , or king 's day or whatever ? 
  wow , you have given this some thought . 
  imho austria would be one of the new england states . 
  it 's pretty small , but high standard of living and in the last ~ 40 years we had social-democratic chancellors all except 7 years . 
  also , i recently read about new englanders that they are not exactly outgoing and it can be difficult to join their social circles as a transplant - that 's 100 % austria . 
   we 're also a very `` white '' country ( never had colonies ) , and most immigrants are from ( former ) eastern europe , ex-yugoslavia and turkey . 
  that 's a tough one to answer . 
  i went to a smallish ( ~ 400 students ) private high school in austria and i did n't feel any school spirit . 
  i think the school was also kinda new , so none of us could 've claimed that our `` father and his father before him '' went to the same school . 
  in the us ( portland , or ) i went to a much larger school ( ~ 1200 students ) . 
  i did hear about a `` homecoming '' event , but botch my hostparents had n't grown up in oregon , so i guess they did n't have much of an attachment to the school . 
  a few years later i met with my host brother again in dc where he was going to college , and it did seem more communal to me than high school . 
  but like i said , none of that here . 
  we just go to the hs/uni that 's closest to where we live and that 's it . 
  speaking for austria and having been an exchange student in high school in the us : none of that exists . 
  high schools ( = * gymnasium * ) is just a school you go to , depending on where you live . 
  there 's no * homecoming * or anything . 
  and as you said correctly , we do n't have any sports in school , so there are n't any events that people could `` come home to '' . 
  in university , it 's similar . 
  the only thing that resembles a school spirit are [ burschenschaften ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burschenschaft ) which are * somewhat * similar to greek life in american colleges/universities . 
  so tl , dr : no , usually people do n't care what school they went to and there 's no such thing as a school spirit . 
  i can celebrate that any day of the week !, 
  jesus christ , that 's so embarrassing . 
  they must have spent less than 50 euros on that ad . 
  that reminds me why i opted for civil service ... 
  i 'm not going to bash the us , because that 's not how i feel . 
  * education : * no , i 'm not shocked . 
  i can only compare the austrian and the american educational system . 
  they are different , but they both have their pros and cons . 
  in austria , we are trying to get as many students as possible to an average level . 
  in the us , they put much more emphasis on the good students . 
  they leave it up to you . 
  you can get a high school diploma without much effort . 
  on the other hand , if you 're gifted , you can learn much more in an american high school than in an austrian one . 
  * ( source : i was an exchange student in the us . 
  ) * the poverty , on the other hand , does shock me . 
  aside from the homeless people on the street , i have a serious issue with the general american attitude of `` well , if he 's homeless , it 's probably his own fault . '', 
  this is in sharp contrast to the attitude here , where people think we should help the less fortunate . 
  there 's no answer for europe as a whole . 
  you have to ask that question for each individual country . 
  in austria , it 's [ fp\u00d6 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_party_of_austria ) , the `` freedom party '' . 
  to our embarrassment , austria was the first country to vote the right-wingers into parliament , and later into a government , i do n't know if i 'd move if they get elected , but it would certainly suck !, 
  if your question refers to * where * i 'd move , it would be germany . 
  a great and very interesting question . 
  i 'll say , technically yes , every political party is acceptable as long as they respect our constitution , democracy and the rule of law . 
  however , i do prefer the traditional european party system , with conservatives , social-democrats , greens , liberals , and so on . 
  i think people should align themselves with parties that reflect their economic interests , and not along the lines of ethnic groups .
