out , of course . 
  for now , it 's supposed to direct the crowd to the provided checkpoints . 
  eventually , though , when our limit of ~ 36.000 refugees is reached , it will be used to keep them out , if i understood our govt correctly . 
  they do n't call it border fence , just a `` measure of crowd control '' . 
  it 's actually true , it spans maybe 4 km around the point where most are expected to cross and it 's supposed to direct everyone to a single or multiple check points where they are registered . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a great tip atm , but what we always do when the nickelsdorf crossing is packed , we go via sopron . 
  it 's a much smaller crossing and usually does n't get much attention . 
  from sopron , it 's about 1h up to vienna , so you 'd be taking a little detour , but that usually beats being stuck in traffic . 
  like i said , ca n't be sure it 's worth it atm but i 'm throwing it out there . 
  i doubt such a an isolated short fence will help much , but we 'll see . 
  if we 're unable to elect a head of state by the end of 2017 , it might actually become a viable solution . 
  just want to add , if you go to budapest ( e.g. 
  a week ) it would also allow you to check out bratislava . 
  you could go there one morning , spend a night ( or not ) , and go back to budapest in the evening . 
  afaik , the trip is pretty short and should n't be too expensive , and you 'd have seen two cities . 
  i once went to madeira ` by accident ' ( totally unprepared ) and absolutely fell in love with the place . 
  it 's got everything from beaches , to highlands , to almost alpine mountains . 
  the only ` issue ' i have is that i had a car , that allowed me to move around freely and also to little villages and stuff . 
  i am not sure how easy it is to get around by public transport , but i 'd say definitely check out a few web sites about madeira and see if it 's for you . 
  it 's be-a-utiful !, 
  lisbon , also great , but random-guy410 seems to have you covered on mainland portugal . 
   * unique everywhere in europe is unique . 
   that said , i hear that croatia has been getting very popular and seems to give you good value for your money . 
  prague sure is pretty but can be overrun with tourists in the summer . 
  also , check out / r/travel if you like . 
  the whole text : ** have a good trip , britain !, 
  ** europe is faltering/tottering/rocking but it wo n't sink . 
  since i heard the irish fans sing when their team lost 4:0 in the euro 2012 , i 've had nothing but respect for these guys . 
  i hope they 'll play us as some point in my country so i can have a beer with some of them . 
  well , i 'll see about that . 
  i will submit a report to this sub when i get back from my vacation . 
  i was already thinking about going to portugal this summer . 
  my mind is made up now . 
  nice . 
  / r/austriapics might like this , too . 
  i thought [ you already conquered us ... ] ( http://sofiaglobe.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/juncker.jpg ), 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  yep , very popular in austria . 
  me too . 
  he 's an absolute legend . 
  and it 's one of the few kids shows that you can even watch as an adult . 
  there a quite a few jokes in there that are still funny even when you 're older . 
  it was a live action show and only the main character [ pumuckl was animated ] ( http://imgur.com/jzilaws ) . 
  here 's a [ little album ] ( https://imgur.com/a/jhh3y ), 
  no , never seen it on austrian or german tv . 
  makes sense . 
  maybe i should just sit down and study the rules instead of trying to pick them up from tv . 
  yeah , i watch it and quite enjoy it . 
  maybe 5 years ago they started showing two games per week on austrian/german tv . 
  before that , they would only show the super bowl ( which is in the middle of the night in central europe ) . 
  i have a follow up : is high school football played with ( significantly ) simplified rules ? 
  to me as a semi-noob the rules sometimes seem so overly complicated that i 'm having doubts an average 15-year old could grasp them all . 
  also , without video-replay it seems that it would be difficult to make certain calls and i 'd think you 'd have problems finding enough skilled refs for all those small town high school games that happen all across the states ... 
  yes but definitely not as many as in hungarian . 
  off the top of my head : ungar/unger : hungarian deutsch : german ( adjective ) \u00d6sterreicher : austrian ( very rare , but it exists ) schweizer/schweitzer : swiss wiener : from vienna b\u00f6hm : bohemian in east austria , ` horvath ' is quite common which is hungarian for croat . 
   what does europe think of hawaii i think it 's seen as a tropical paradise here and `` the ultimate vacation destination '' . 
  also , surfing . 
   hawaiians in general ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 99 % of austrians are unaware of a distinct hawaiian culture or the issues between the native and non-native populations . 
   i was at first really annoyed by called eastern european every day , but in 99 % it is not meant as a slur . 
  i have since learned not to perceive it as something offensive . 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  i , too , often use `` eastern europe '' because i grew up with it but for me it has * zero * negative meaning . 
  for me , personally , it 's actually a positive term , as i love many of the `` east bloc '' countries . 
  yes , quite common in austria . 
  ~ 20 years ago it was difficult to find vegetarian meals in many restaurants ( particularly in the countryside ) but that has changed a lot . 
  it 's easy being vegetarian now and it 's widely `` accepted '' . 
  if i can use it as an anchor baby i might actually try that . 
  lol maybe it 's enough to sneak her into a us army base in germany when she goes into labor . 
   the country is specifically portugal if it matters yes - in fact , it 's the only thing that matters . 
  i ca n't give any advice regarding portuguese citizenship laws , but try r/portugal or get information from an embassy directly , like others have suggested . 
   what do you all think in that regard ? 
  definitely do it . 
  if i could get any citizenship `` for free '' that allows me to live and work in an entire continent , i would n't hesitate one second . 
  it 's too rushed , my friend . 
  keep in mind that traveling between cities will usually take up most of a day . 
  even if the actual train ride is only eg 4 hours , you need to check out of your ho ( s ) tel , get to the train station ( which may or may not be conveniently located ) , be there a little ahead of time just in case , do the ride , get oriented in your destination city , find or get to hotel , unpack , shower , etc , etc. 
  that leaves you with only one day in each city which is too short for most cities and in case of vienna it 's just ridiculous . 
  unless this is a pure research trip where you just want to see specific things or the university of these cities , i think you should at least plan 3 days for every place ( which leaves you 2 after subtracting travel time ) . 
   also , if i 'm reading the dates correctly , most universities in europe should be on holidays now . 
  would this make all the student towns seem a lot less vibrant than usual , as a large part of the students might go home ? 
  yes , probably . 
  students are mostly gone for the summer . 
  in turn , in some places you get tourists which might make it easier for you to meet people and have fun , but they might not be the crowd you 're looking for . 
  i second r/travel . 
  do n't expect to have everything answered in one thread , but subscribe to it and let it inspire you over time . 
  people will ask questions that are relevant to your trip , maybe even questions you had n't thought about yet . 
  i think it 's a great way to learn about a subject if you have enough time . 
  also , i recommend getting a lonely planet guide . 
  they are the bible of backpackers and have amazing info . 
  they have them for individual countries but also for larger regions , like `` western europe '' , etc. 
  i did interrail before the internet , so i may be old school but i think it 's worth getting the actual book and reading/browsing it ahead of time . 
  it gets you excited and you can make rough plans about what you want to see , where to stay , etc. 
  speaking from my interrail experience , your trip is just about doable but it 's * very * ambitious - maybe too ambitious . 
  after a few weeks of traveling you get tired and sights/memories start to blur and it starts becoming exhausting . 
  i 'd take a few places off the list , or at least plan to stay in a relaxing place for 7-14 days in the middle of your trip to recharge your batteries . 
  personally , i would recommend berlin and amsterdam as a starter . 
  the route prague , vienna and budapest is also nice for a good mix of culture/sights and fun/nightlife . 
  prague and budapest , being former eastern europe , are also cheaper than much of the west .
