  so there 's `` magister + name '' ( master ) and `` diplom-ingenieur + name '' ( master in a technology field ) and obviously `` doktor '' ( phd ) . 
  2 ) you also get titles if you are a government employee . 
  i think you get a new title every few years , and some people use theirs when they are high up in the hierarchy , so maybe the last two titles before you retire . 
  3 ) political titles according to whatever highest office you held . 
  this is similar to the us where e.g. 
  hillary is still referred to as `` secretary clinton '' . 
  in austria , we would usually say `` alt + title '' , which pretty much means `` former + [ political office ] '' since arnold does n't have an academic degree or does n't work for the austrian govt he would n't have any titles in austria . 
  i guess you could refer to him as `` former governor '' , but since he is much for famous for his acting and bodybuilding careers we just call him `` arnold schwarzenegger '' or his nickname `` arnie '' . 
  not germany , but the situation in austria was similar between 1945 and 1955 . 
  my grandparents lived in the soviet occupied part of the country and my grandpa was the deputy mayor so he had to work a lot with the local military command . 
  at the beginning of the occupation it was pretty bad , because soldiers were celebrating their victory and sort of took revenge on the local population . 
  that means they stole quite a bit , got drunk a lot and there were quite a few cases of local women/girls being raped . 
  after a few weeks the officers put an end to this , and after that everything was fine . 
  my grandpa said he cooperated well with them and they were decent people . 
  in 1955 we got our peace treaty and all the foreign forces left austria and we became neutral . 
  pretty much all channels in the us bleep certain words , except the pay tv channels . 
  even comedy central bleeps , at least in south park and the daily show . 
  cnn yesterday cut away from madonna 's speech after she said `` fuck you '' . 
  anderson cooper also apologized because they missed the first few f-bombs . 
  here 's a fellow countryman of yours calling it `` tv history '' . 
  [ madonna just dropped 3 crystal clear f bombs live on cnn in about 2 minutes . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/5pcjbg/madonna_just_dropped_3_crystal_clear_f_bombs_live/ ) also , we do n't necessarily differentiate whether it 's fcc mandated or `` self-censorship '' because of advertisers . 
  if you 're referring to the city signs , that 's really only an issue in carinthia . 
  everywhere else in the country , it worked fine . 
  i 'm not from carinthia and i think the fights there were very unfortunate , but that 's what you get when people vote for nationalists or right-wingers ( haider ) . 
  i 'm seeing more and more e-cigarettes in tobacco stores here , but i 'm not sure how many people smoke them . 
  generally , austria is a very smoker-friendly country . 
  we 're usually among the last countries to implement any eu-mandated anti-smoking regulations . 
  right now , you can still smoke in many pubs and cafes as long as they have a separate non-smoking section . 
  i think in 2018 smoking will be prohibited in all bars and restaurants . 
  cigarettes are sold in specific tobacco stores , gas stations and pubs . 
  we just started having images on cigarette packs , the warnings have been on them for a few years . 
  we also have cigarette vending machines , but you need a debit card to use them to ensure you 're over 16 . 
  i 'd choose berlin or amsterdam . 
  london might be an option , too . 
  it 's so big i 'm sure you 'd find a lot of alternative scenes there . 
  i 've led a pretty alternative lifestyle in my 20s in vienna but you might experience a bigger language barrier here , since even regular german often is n't enough to understand austrian dialect . 
  well , i currently do n't have any close american friends ( lost touch with a few ) so it would n't really affect my life on that level . 
  would you miss austrians as people if we all suddenly disappeared ? 
  yes , i 'd miss a lot of things . 
  south park , will ferrell , reddit , diet coke , nato , snl , stephen colbert , nfl , jennifer lawrence and probably a few other things i ca n't think of right now . 
  trump is definitely portrayed as a controversial figure here . 
  and yes , the election result was reported on in depth , including hillary winning the popular vote . 
  i 'm pretty sure they also reported the protests right after the election . 
  also keep in mind that we have similar situations in europe every once in a while . 
  think of the brexit-vote that ended in a close result , with the uk being deeply divided . 
  however , in the end we 'll have to deal with trump , no matter what many or most americans think of him . 
  personally , i expect a similar europe-us relationship as during bush 's second term . 
  much of austria gets that amount of snow most years . 
  the cars are n't any different from other places , though . 
  we are pretty well prepared for the snow , and there 's plowing services even in the small towns . 
  also salt and gravel ( right word ? ) . 
  to answer your question , i drive a renault megane and my sister has a renault clio ( compact ) . 
  nothing special for extreme road conditions . 
  i think the situation in austria is not much different from the us . 
  on `` national tv '' it would n't be well received and would draw a lot of criticism . 
  however , in a right-leaning tabloid they might consider it an `` opinion '' , similar maybe to fox news . 
  at a rally of our right-wing party , it would be ok to say it , similar to a trump rally or in a rural bar in a red state . 
  in a casual conversation at work , you should probably feel out your co-workers first before being completely open about your believes , although i doubt that you would get fired in many places . 
  ( unless of course it 's a particularly `` progressive '' workplace or you 're insulting the boss or other co-workers . ), 
  my parents often say how great the 70s were . 
  there was high economic growth , lots of jobs and high job security and many government benefits for everyone . 
  also a very positive general outlook on the future . 
  adding : in vienna , you can take tours that take you to some spots where [ the third man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_third_man ) was filmed . 
  i second romania . 
  it does n't get enough attention from travelers , imo , and it 's cheap and beautiful . 
  not specifically austrian , but the german language equivalent of beowulf is the * nibelungenlied * , or * the song of the nibelungs * . 
  it 's from the 13th century . 
  when we discussed it in school , i was n't particularly interested in that stuff , so i can only quote wikipedia :  the nibelungenlied , translated as the song of the nibelungs , is an epic poem in middle high german . 
  the story tells of dragon-slayer siegfried at the court of the burgundians , how he was murdered , and of his wife kriemhild 's revenge . 
  here 's the [ wikipedia entry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nibelungenlied ) for further reading . 
  i 'd say 2-3 on average . 
  1 ) austria has a few recognized minorities , e.g. 
  slovenes , croatians , hungarians , and they usually speak their respective language and german . 
  ( + point 3 ) 2 ) immigrants very often speak their original language as a first language , even in the 3rd or 4th generation . 
  this leads to situations that in some elementary schools in vienna ,  50 % of children barely speak german upon entering school . 
  eventually , they do learn german , too , obviously . 
  the most common languages of immigrants would be turkish , serbian , croatian , albanian , chechan , etc. 
  ( + point 3 ) 3 ) foreign languages in school : everybody learns english , and most austrians have basic knowledge of english . 
  baby boomers are usually not fluent or could n't watch american/british tv in english , but they 'd be able to answer simple questions . 
  the younger and more educated people are , the better their english , and most people < 30 with a higher education are more ore less fluent in english . 
  in many schools you also learn a second foreign languages , usually french or spanish . 
  however , since you start learning it later and english is so much more useful as an intermediary language between most europeans , the second foreign language - in many cases - does n't get used much and is eventually forgotten . 
  i , for example , learned french for 4 years , but have n't used it since , so i would n't say i speak it . 
  no , i 've never heard any austrian or german politician suggest we should boycott/sanction the us . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not a very widely held opinion . 
  also , i do n't think it 's even realistically possible for most european countries to sanction the us . 
  our political , economic and even military ties are just too strong . 
  if it were to happen , it would probably set off a spiral of boycotts and counter-boycotts , sanctions and counter-sanctions that are in nobody 's interest . 
  if trump did anything horrible , we 'd probably just wait out the four years and wait for the next president to take office . 
  no , they do n't have that right , imo . 
  also , look at zimbabwe and how it 's been doing after they expelled all whites . 
  basically , their entire industry and agricultural production collapsed because they threw out the people who knew how to run factories and farms . 
  it was a complete disaster . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_reform_in_zimbabwe#aftermath_and_outcomes ) the same or something very similar would happen if south-africa expelled all whites , which are , after all , still the upper class and the most educated part of south-african society . 
  i can only recommend r/enoughtrumpspam . 
  not european , but they hate trump with a passion . 
   or maybe r/political _ revolution or other bernie-supporting subs . 
  i 've also seen r/latestagecapitalism a few times , but i 'm not sure if there 's much debate doing on . 
  i do n't think there 's a euro-wide far-left sub .
