the effects of the market displacing workers are certainly able to be mitigated through social policy and the attitude of not even addressing them is the reason that most of these voters are fed up with the current state of things . 
  the market exists as it does because the national economies of the west have allowed it to develop this way ; it is not a force of nature beyond control . 
  comparable in size , yes , but they are very different kinds of festivals . 
  while the fusion is great and weird , it is no burning man . 
  still highly recommended if you can manage to get tickets . 
  the eu has enough homegrown bigots , why import more ? 
  you 're just wrong about the reach of uk media compared to hollywood . 
  and english in hollywood movies is more globally influential than however people in london are speaking . 
  it 's a gloss for la that also indicates the way in which it 's influential , you pedant . 
   given the status of london as the linguistically most influential city in the english-speaking world ... hollywood has something to say here . 
  please do the same in munich . 
  my building has become a hive of yelling tourists . 
  the topic of this thread was halal meat , hence animal welfare . 
  sarcasm missed i suppose . 
  yeah , no shit . 
  but they 're going back in three years , right ? 
  exploited child labor will do that for ya . 
  or the author needs to rethink her glasses / eyebrow combo . 
  he 's in for a big surprise when all the refugees start voting their minds . 
  call people racist long enough for no reason and it loses its power . 
  ... by being fucking unrealistic about the whole thing . 
  having reached it or not is surely debatable , and that is where the argument lies . 
  i 'd say that number has been reached . 
  clearly there is no way to integrate 300,000 + mena migrants yearly . 
  it will end in disaster . 
  lots of people can be anti-infinite-refugee and not pro-afd . 
  afd is anti-science , homophobic , etc. 
  parties have more than one issue . 
  i 'm sure all the liberal , gay , atheists at apple want to work in turkey . 
  but that risk should not be rewarded with welfare for life . 
  do you think there will ever be an end to the young men fleeing poverty in africa ? 
  how many should europe take ? 
  only those that cross over in the sea ? 
  or the entirety of the hundreds of millions ? 
  and once the rest back home realize you ca n't just walk across europe and get to uk , they 'll stop coming . 
  end the pull factors and this problem solves itself . 
  so arrest and deport them . 
  they need no asylum so they also need no illegal stay . 
  country of origin . 
  they 'll remember after a couple months in lock up . 
  sounds like they need to be assigned to their countries of origin . 
  because her notion of ` modesty ' has been dictated to her from birth by religiously conservative men . 
  whataboutism : the moral coward 's refuge . 
  read my flair . 
  america is great , so is germany . 
  i do n't see the problem that you do . 
  you would welcome the whole third world but a tax paying american is too much ? 
  you 've got some work to do my man . 
  i am american living in germany . 
  the fact remains that plenty of europeans use iphones , facebook , listen to hip-hop / rock & roll / jazz , use fucking reddit . 
  all american cultural products . 
  you seem very un-european by your own standards . 
  very judgmental and close minded . 
  better turn in your iphone and stop listening to hip-hop and get off of reddit while you 're at it . 
  ( all american cultural products ), 
  so you admit to knowing not of what you speak . 
  and who is to decide what is beyond the pale ? 
  your understanding of american culture is surely based on the most egregious of stereotypes . 
  send them back to morocco and algeria or wherever the fuck else they 're from . 
  these people are not refugees . 
  your freedom of speech ca n't hold a candle to america 's . 
  the fact that you feel that way is a product of the culture you were raised in . 
  fuck this stooge . 
  how included in society will a woman feels who wears a burka ? 
  we 'll never know because they live in parallel societies . 
  ban the burka , force integration , or gtfo . 
  it 's ridiculous that the constitution prevents the nation from enforcing its laws . 
  people that need to leave should be made to do so . 
  or germany needs to get tough with countries that refuse their nationals . 
  no one who has been denied asylum should stay in the country . 
  if they ca n't be deported for other reasons they should remain in custody . 
  if changing the laws means there is no access to german welfare then there will be significantly less migration . 
  migrants wo n't leave turkey to rot with nothing on some island when there is no hope of reaching northern europe . 
  you change the eu laws then . 
  being on a greek island means you can apply for greek asylum = no free shit , no germany , no migrants . 
  mark my words , in a decade this will be how it works . 
  this migration is just beginning . 
  these fucking fences have been up for two months now . 
  every year it seems like they build up the wiesn earlier but this time i can tell there is more control / police presence / etc. 
  i know a few people that are rattled . 
  nice insinuation of me being racist . 
  the burkini is an aggressive , refusal to cooperate with the prevailing culture . 
  hostility is met with hostility in these cases . 
  if they were born in france , they should understand the culture well enough to see why this attire is not welcome . 
  and letting them wear the burkini wo n't help the situation . 
  or force new arrivals to assimilate . 
  multicultural society has been failing for decades now . 
  no one is forcing them to go to the beach , or live in france for that matter . 
  the nato security umbrella still protects sweden , albeit indirectly . 
  so yes , free riding does work in this case . 
  they should encourage a german group to form and serve the same purpose as the diyanet . 
  it 's not like radicalization is a new phenomenon , this should have been done years ago . 
  in maximilianstra\u00dfe , sure . 
  but on a street where there are only mobile phone kiosks , kebab stands , and shisha bars , i find it a bit hard to belief the sheiks ' wives are hanging out . 
  admittedly the iraq war did n't help , but things have been fucked for a long time there . 
  i 've seen a handful in munich , usually on schwanthalerstra\u00dfe . 
  it 's really fucking disturbing . 
  regardless of the danger , if you are a gang rapist you should lose your asylum after serving a prison term . 
  then why the fuck are these guys getting asylum in the tens of thousands ? 
  they should go back and fix their country .
