  eu should give them money to go back and start businesses instead of free welfare for life . 
  hopefully that law will change by the time they get out . 
  let 's hope those fuckers serve some time and then are stuffed on a plane back to baghdad . 
  because they do n't keep valuables lying about . 
  plus airbnb has a feedback section so you can judge whether or not tourists are reliable . 
  i 've stayed in a number of airbnbs that were actually lived in with the renter staying at a friend 's / partner 's place while renting out their own . 
  but overall i agree , airbnb is a problem for affordable housing . 
  i loved krak\u00f3w ; cheep beer , beautiful women , nice old city . 
  did n't love the feeling of breathing coal dust the whole time though ... 
  ethnicity and culture do not have to be coterminous . 
  when they are it is an unfortunate coincidence that people use to cloud the discussion by invoking racism . 
  look at the usa , plenty of asians , whites , and blacks have remarkably similar culture divorced from their ethnicity . 
  i missed the dragons in my medieval history course . 
  people that might be on the fence , i.e. , easter/christmas christians , could be deciding to answer christian for ` cultural ' reasons . 
  i did . 
  and my conjecture still stands . 
  i 'd wager some of this is probably in reaction to muslim migration . 
  local news / s, 
  there 's a reason hitler greatly admired the usa . 
  no / s, 
  there 's sadly a double negative in this sentence , making it grammatically incorrect . 
  you might n't believe it , but it 's true !, 
  and it 's a smart survival strategy . 
  all men are potential rapists to a woman alone at night . 
  it 's basic game theory . 
  society should treat immigration in the same manner . 
  kind of like how oil was being sold by isis on the turkish black market which was then used to precipitate terrorist attacks against the west . 
  hell of an ally turkey is . 
  how many of these terrorist deaths were geographically specific to the northern ireland situation ? 
  this new wave of terrorism definitely seems more geographically dispersed , bubbling up wherever there are large immigrant muslim communities . 
  you certainly can say some cultures are more violent than others . 
  i do n't see jains running around cutting off anyone 's heads . 
  because there have been great successes in getting other mena migrants to return home throughout europe . 
  your understanding of how symbolism works is laughably lacking . 
  injured and wounded are largely interchangeable . 
  * in english . 
  a lot of that identity crisis is brought on by the parents . 
  they never really put in the effort to assimilate and so their children are trapped between worlds . 
  sure . 
  but you know that the countries with integration problems are not the ones with less than 1 % muslim population . 
  as the percentages rise , you see more issues . 
  so , the using of eu wide statistics is a clever rhetorical tactic but is a bit of a distraction from the real issue . 
  using eu wide numbers is kind of a dirty trick considering most of the eastern countries have taken a rounding error amount of migrants . 
  it 's all of our experience . 
  we all have to live in this terrible world together . 
  his or her making light of the situation is certainly the least terrible thing about the situation . 
  18 u.s. code \u00a7 2339b - providing material support or resources to designated foreign terrorist organizations can carry a max of 20 years for ` unlawful conduct ' in connection with a terrorist organization . 
  if anyone dies as a result , life imprisonment is possible . 
  * pacify but agree with the overall point . 
  that 's not assured . 
  nato is only bound by article 5 to intervene in cases of outside aggression . 
  coups do not qualify . 
  and how many of these startups exist after a year ? 
  a new startup every five hours is a crazy statistic that makes it seem like there is a lot of action happening . 
  a lot of these ` businesses ' are a pair of brogrammers on a coding bender that produce nothing of lasting value . 
  british retirees . 
  jesus said the old laws were no longer in place . 
  death and redemption and all that . 
  this is just a plan to further islamise turkish society , no ? 
  wish granted . 
  enjoy hell you dipshit . 
  ( if only it were real ), 
  i agree that they come from the same latinate root via old french , but there is currently no semantic change happening in the usage of `` actual '' in english . 
  `` false friends are words in two languages that look or sound similar , but differ significantly in meaning . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_friend this is not a case of the meaning of `` actual '' changing its meaning in english to mean `` current '' . 
  no native english speaker makes this mistake , though i notice it all the time with native german speakers . 
  no , this would be a case of `` false friends '' , not semantic shift . 
  emotional 13 year olds , dude . 
  scientists , like most people , have political opinions . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous to think otherwise . 
  and yet the gays never voted for the far right as a block before , even in the face of christian hostility . 
  the bonger institute ... really ? 
  i agree the occupation is a huge problem . 
  the continued political gamesmanship of the pla and hamas is certainly just as big a problem , though . 
  the immiseration of the palestinian people is simply fuel for their continued ( relative ) power . 
  and the glorification of , and hand in using , terror is part of their strategy . 
  but these assholes do not stop at attacking military personnel . 
  this time only soldiers were killed , but next time it will be a bus filled with children , or a cafe with students , or any random civilian . 
  the glorification of these ` martyrs ' is part of the problem that perpetuates the cycle of violence . 
  it is this kind of equivocation in the face of terrorism that gives comfort to these actors . 
  but you dismiss the idea that women and men have different lived experiences ? 
  the same experiences that inform their feelings of safety ? 
  your gender does not impair your ability to reason , your refusal to consider another viewpoint does . 
  i 'm saying that men will not be harassed in the same manner as women . 
  in fact when other men are present harassers may not engage women at all . 
  ask a woman in your life if this is true if you do not believe me . 
  because he wo n't observe some things by virtue of not being a woman . 
  you do realize a large percentage of sexual crimes go unreported because of the dismissive attitude in which they tend to be received . 
  it 's more a recognition that men and women are treated different in public , particularly by immigrants from extremely patriarchal societies . 
  women and men will feel differently about street situations . 
  you will not be catcalled or harassed as a woman would , i.e. , may not notice an increase as you are not the target of said harassment . 
  that you do not see this points to a blindspot in your understanding of the world . 
  rumor has it he annointed erdogan on his deathbed . 
  are you a man ? 
  how did i have to register in de with biometric photos as a non-eu foreigner , but every migrant can waltz in , burn their passport , and just roll through double digit id 's ? 
  get some biometric scanners in the lageso . 
  it 's well passed time . 
  never said that . 
  i 'm talking about specifically dealing with terrorists , not common criminals . 
  children grow up to be adults .
