erna , pm in norway , wants norway to join eu . 
  yes , there are some north swedish dialects that is supposedly easier for me to understand than it is for a person from stockholm . 
  i 've never spoken english to swedes or danes , only moderated my dialect . 
  interest , right ? 
  words only carry usage , not meaning . 
  you would n't increase your income , just stop loosing profit ;p / jk, 
  yes . 
  no way !, 
  boomfunk mc 's - freestyler, 
  nice , a list we are n't on !, 
  let 's keep it that way . 
  do n't forget to issue embargoes . 
  ttip is worse . 
  some do , most does n't !, 
  the trikle down ( that 's the name , right ? ), 
  theory does n't actually work for most of the public !, 
  to bad !, 
  can you present proof that this agreement will boost the economy for most people ? 
  democracy should never stand above corporations . 
  nations with governments elected by their people ca n't stand behind a practice that will lead to corporativistic technocracy !, 
  vattenfall got back what they have invested plus all potential profit from their settlement with the german government . 
  and what mechanism are there to stop exploiting this ? 
  if i knew that all coal powerplants in the eu where to be closed down by the european parliament and i invested alot of money days before , what mechanism would there be to stop me from suing all of the memberstates for 10x my investment because that is what i expected in return ? 
  i 'll tell you , there is non . 
  and how come that most european countries that stayes outside the eu have less problem with a jobless workforce than the eu ? 
  because they do n't lay on their stomach with their asscheaks spread waiting to receive the `` big jobcreating corporations '' instead of trying to make an environment for independent startups . 
  and the `` big jobcreating corporations '' do n't create jobs . 
  they make more profit so they can pay out more in dividends , so they can attract more investors , so they have more money to take on an easy marked/country/trade agreement area . 
  the isds clause is still present in the agreement and , as germany and germans have pointed out , the isds mechanism are undemocratic . 
  therefore they oppose the agreement . 
  i think it 's a reason for everyone to forfeit their support for the whole freetrade agreement . 
  people wo n't benefit . 
  only industrial powers and large investors . 
  lets hope there 's no isds !, 
  you would find more sami flags in oslo than in any other part of norway . 
  being norwegian : scotland edit : moved a letter . 
  actually the tourism industry in norway is heavily subsidized . 
  we would have been better off without any tourism , and rather focusing the workforce on profitable production . 
  national unions . 
  we have only been our own country since 1905, 
  nationen is almost a purely agricultural paper . 
  well there 's a increase in opposition towards the eea as well . 
  cross country skiing ? 
  colour me surprised !, 
  my view of ww2 ? 
  fuck sweden . 
  rt\u00c9 has an interview with elin l'estrange who was in the thick of it . 
  he demanded a ps3 instead of a ps2, 
  norwegian right wing ... left side of the world and supporters norwegian membership in the `` social-democratic project '' eu, 
   nordies clothes ? 
  ( i think it 's what they sell there ) no , we are after hot redheads !, 
  time for some old fashion raids ... 
  we 'll take it !, 
  and money !, 
  he was so full of analogies that first lecture i did n't bother showing up for further lectures . 
  i passed the class though . 
  my attempt at humour only humoured me ... as usual . 
  i had a professor once who said that the economy is like a wild animal and it needed rules and freedom . 
  too much freedom and noone would know what was going on . 
  too many rules and the `` economy '' ( wild animal ) will go mad in frustration . 
  the marked needs to be tied down instead of running wild . 
  yeah . 
  how much has the portuguese borders actually moved through out history ? 
  germany is the hre ... 
   ttip/tpp will be secret for four years after it 's ratified !, 
  never heard about that actually . 
  so where i live there is some german tourist , and a guy i talked to on wednesday did n't want another bailout because ; it would n't help out the greek people or the greek government , it would only forwarded the money to the banks !, 
  it would only be beneficial to the greeks that their banks went bust !, 
  yeah ... some of us is scandinavian ... and unemployed . 
  where ? 
  yeah ... walloon and flanders should just split up already . 
  i thought any national central bank in the eurozone could print euro 's, 
  the greek have their own central bank , right ? 
  i believe they represent less than 3 % of the eurozone economy , could n't they just print the money without completely destroy the value of the euro ? 
  how large is their debt compared with the size of the eurozone economy ? 
  actually we just discovered vinland !, 
  i think alaska is 1/3 of us total area . 
  did you just include switzerland in the eu ? 
  they are not a member you know !, 
  still they ( the netherlands ) have the higher `` peak '' :d, 
  you mean bohemia , right ? 
  the all time heat record in norway is 35,6 ; but the same place has registered temperatures as low as -38 degrees . 
  the coldest place in norway have registered -51,4 degrees . 
  i sense an error in the conversion and a lack of / s, 
  i am norwegian , i speak english , some german and spanish , and a little italian , and i 'm learning russian . 
  i want to learn arabic and mandarin . 
  i do n't wont to learn french because french people more than any other tourist expect me do know french ; even more than the germans . 
  i do n't french , and i do n't have any interest in learning it . 
  it should be public because it 's in the publics interest . 
  [ some of it is here ] ( http://www.ttip-leak.eu ) but it 's in german, 
  n\u00e5ja ... its an attempt to have the most trade-liberal tradelaws universal . 
  also norway only adopt about 1/4 of legislation from eu . 
  how does 1/3019 chinese work with you being hungarian/romanian/late / vampire ? 
  does n't germany produce their own gas ? 
  some federalist said something . 
  not given !, 
  it was fair . 
  split in the middle . 
  no , i do n't identify myself as a european , but as norwegian . 
  different countries have different interests in many different aspects inside a european federation and outside it .
