  norway is n't greece , ireland is n't moldova and iceland is n't spain . 
  politicly i can only imagine an increase in nationalism and separatism in all of europe if more attempts to integrate a closer social and economical structures , policies and laws throughout europe succeeded . 
  norway will certainly never join the european union . 
  it 's the biggest single sovereign wealth fund . 
  other countries have more than one fund . 
  if i remember correctly it was build by engineering students as a part of some exam or competition . 
  he is n't even the richest norwegian on the graphic . 
  that is awesome !, 
  yes , you do get used to it . 
  then you start to curse it !, 
  check out the homefield for [ henningsv\u00e6r il ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/egrb8zcw7si/sddefault.jpg ), 
  an actual ftfy because i was lazy , and my comment was filled with inaccuracies . 
  the hometeam gets murdered every sunday . 
  more likely he had a g3 . 
  low currency and relatively cheaply produced export goods is a boost for the region . 
  fish is now worth more than oil , and we have fish ... 
  it would be deserved . 
  i do n't, 
  it says so in the post . 
  norway was `` one '' kingdom from around 900 'til 1397, 
  what did you give us in 2005 when it was our 100 year anniversary ? 
  that lake looks like a balloon ... 
  pizza was always american . 
  hilly ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limburg_ ( netherlands ) # / media/file : walem_straat . jpg, 
  maybe we 'll get the same alcohol prices ? 
  poorest area of europe in the early 1800 's though . 
  funfact : nordland have the largest amount ( volume and area ) of planted trees in norway . 
  it used to, 
  what ? 
  maybe i just like good teams , 
  a norwegian nfl fan who is n't a fan of packers or seahawks ?!? 
  marketing ;-), 
  i was sure that rimi was norwegian . 
  sleepingbags ? 
  what i mean is that she could not be on the party ballots , per party rules , and therefor the municipal election committee could set aside her nomination when both the party and herself requested it . 
   eating out abroad or eating out [ a broad ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=broad ), 
  that took me three seconds longer than what is socially acceptable , to understand that joke . 
  well , if you have murdered abroad , or a broad . 
   `` deport everybody to their ` original homeland ' '' ? 
  well , he moved to france ... 
  she did n't have to do anything , since she was n't a paying member of the party . 
   norway : is n't part of europe what ? 
  not a part of the european union you mean ? 
  it is n't the same thing . 
  a lot less . 
  you di n't need nuclear sub on the mountains or the steppes , if anyone asks . 
  the nuclear mobile artillery and nuclear silos are available where there is no sea . 
  population density of us is 32,98 p. pr . 
  population density of norway is 15,6 p. pr . 
  population density of sweden is 22 p. pr . 
  [ saus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_territories_by_population_density ), 
  seems like europe does n't include iceland , norway , ukraine , belarus or any of the former yugoslavian states ... 
  it 's the public `` blackmail for safety '' - scheme called taxes . 
  j\u00e6mtland , h\u00e6rjedalen and bohus . 
   * scientology offices worldwide raided : evidence of human rights violations found everywhere yes !, 
  who the hell speaks french ? 
  i think you could just claim it . 
  no need for any military . 
   these are statements by two people who are nationalist and anti-globalist what kind of fucking bullshit is that !, 
   they have to implement eu directives and regulations or they get fined just like everyone else . 
  no we do n't have to ratify anything if we do n't wont to . 
  also we do n't get fined if we do n't ratify a directive . 
  actually if we do n't ratify a directive it would have to be renegotiate . 
  it 's effectively a veto on the directive . 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  it 's more productive in norway than ever because of higher degree of efficiency , and a goal of at least 50 % self sufficiency , witch promotes more subsidies for smaller farms . 
  that would n't work inside the eu because their subsidies produce bigger farms . 
  it was directed at you eu citizen !, 
  i was a kid in '94 but i remember a lot of adults at the time talk about how close it was . 
  seems like it was the opposite in norway at the time though . 
  not even farms in denmark was big enough . 
  it 's an actually consern for people who does work in agriculture . 
  does n't 1 % account for anything ? 
  a membership in the union would remove alot of national sovereignty of matters in food production and concerns for food safety over european borders in connections to free trade . 
  the standards of living for people in rural areas would be decimated if norway went in to the eu . 
  the cultural landscape would be laid in ruin . 
  every sovereign country has a right to restrict its international trade on its own , based on the democratic processes taking place , as well as regulate the protection of its national product . 
  you might think it 's national romanticism that people want to secure food production at a geographically near area , but long term it might be economically necessary . 
  not so in norther europe . 
  as a northern norwegian myself ... tape up your fingers !, 
  ( its the same as `` shut your mouth ! '', 
   does n't the eu mandate standards for roads and funds them to an extent ? 
  so under that definition any county could be a country . 
  it was a duchy under russia . 
  finland was n't independent before 1917 ... 
  if i was going to downvote it would be because finland was n't a country at that time , it was under russian rule . 
  that is actually a shooting sport . 
  it will probably lead to more bureaucracy . 
  and less government employees will mean that connection between people and the bureaucracy worsens . 
  yeah ... you are hillier, 
  as some one who lived in oslo ... oslo is a garbage city . 
  even more so now . 
  yeah . 
  the coastline of europe is a lot longer than the german coastline . 
   though norway is very close do being a defacto member this is insulting thought . 
  i saw that in blackadder goes forth !, 
  l\u00e6rdalstunnelen is the longest road tunnel in the world . 
  24.51 km st. gotthard was the longest at 16.918 km between 1980 and 2000 . 
  of course the gotthard rail tunnel is the longest tunnel in the world . 
  but there are no cars going through that .
