i think his name is vauro , but i 'm not sure . 
  also , i 'm sorry but molise does n't actually exist so i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  ( i 'm sorry italians i know it 's a dead meme by now ), 
  we italian are just there under you , guys . 
  i drink 3 coffees ( espressos ) a day . 
  and i do n't drink much . 
  churchill, 
  yes !, 
  this is the first time i see a post about my region on r/europe , neat !, 
  some people leave their country . 
  some other will do their best to help it change . 
  i wish there were more of the second kind . 
  oh thank you guys . 
  i am the master of disguise tho . 
  ahah , nice one . 
  i do n't like being a grammar nazi but since we 're in topic i think it 's * though, 
  war virtues : careful . 
  we 're more sneaky than robbie rotten, 
  when you do n't have good food you need : a. 
  drugs b. 
  alcohol , which is another drug / i, 
  it 's a nitroammine , so i believe it smells like fish . 
  hmx , or octogen iupac name : octahydro-1 ,3,5,7 - tetranitro-1 ,3,5,7 - tetrazocine, 
  2 hot to go out . 
  too lazy . 
  got to study 4 exams . 
  well it 's not for us . 
  34 right now . 
  i feel like i should buy a fan , but i 'm too lazy and tired right now to go outside to get one . 
  in my rent student house i do n't have air conditioning . 
  i want to die . 
  t h i c c, 
  my `` luck '' has not been created from nowhere , it was built over the blood of my ancestors and compatriots who fought for it . 
  i 'm against emigration because i 'm afraid that one day all differences in culture and ethnicity might fade one day . 
  i 'm always afraid of people misjudging me thinking i 'm racist . 
  but the truth is that i am the furthest from a racist . 
  i simply find all the different ways humans have adapted their appearances and their way of living simply wonderful . 
  let 's say i 'm a `` traditionalist '' but only because of my romantic passion towards folklore . 
  i consider european cultures/ethnicities no better than any other culture in the world . 
  but , believing in the autodetermination of all peoples , i strongly disagree with those ones who say that european countries must become multicultural . 
  i am not a fan of multiculturalism , besides we already have multicultural and multiethnical societies , such as the american one . 
  and i do n't want europe to become american . 
  differently from a lot of other people from the left ( and i 'm a leftist myself ) i do n't feel bad thinking that ethnicities exist and they should be preserved . 
  i am not ashamed of feeling proud of being italian , i am not ashamed of my ancestry . 
  now , allow me to explain one thing : i am not against * immigration * , i am against * mass immigration * . 
  the difference of the two is thin but the outcome is enormously different . 
  the first one brings a mutual exchange of culture between the two countries . 
  the second causes a one way pacifist ( or not ) colonisation of one country over another one . 
  but my love for culture and tradition does not interfere with my liberal ideas . 
  there is also a difference between the `` good traditions '' and the `` bad ones '' . 
  i believe the former involve clothing , language , dialects , music , food , books , and even your own spiritualism , if you feel like you need a religion . 
  the latter are what make lgbt people fear for their own lives and women think they belong in the kitchen . 
  if those guy ca n't understand the difference like we did and are doing today it 's not my fault . 
  best thing i might do is go there and fight against extremism ( not bombing thoe places , but fighting next to the resistance ) like my great-grandfather fought as a partisan against fascism . 
  i dunno , i love all countries but i would n't replace mine for anyone else . 
  i 'm trying my best to find a job in my hometown . 
  i 'm personally against the concept of emigration . 
  now , ofc i could never impose my views on the others but my ideas on stuff are directly influenced by this status mentis . 
  i 'm not saying that . 
  i 'm saying that with bringing all their best guys into our countries , obliging then to integrate tp our culture wo n't help the 3rd world find a way out . 
  give a man a fish , and you feed him for a day , teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime . 
  here you can pray whatever you want . 
  personally , i 'm atheist . 
  * tips fedora * i believe you can praise everything you want ( except for the `` socks + sandals '' that german tourists seem to love so much ) . 
  i do n't consider the bible more worthy than the quran . 
  and i recognize that for many centuries christianity has been as oppressive as islam . 
  but we developed . 
  through blood and struggles , christianity was `` suppressed '' ( no priest would read the bible literally today ) and transformed by the secularisation of the western countries ' states into a pacifist spiritualism ( except for rare cases ) as well as buddhism . 
  now , as an athiest * fedora tipping intensifies * what i expect from islam if it wants my respect is to become as suppressed as all the others . 
  it 's the 21st century , my mind ca n't accept the fact that some girls in islam can be imprisoned because they were showing some hair . 
  * there 's now a hole in my fedora after all this tipping *, 
  yeah that 's the thing . 
  we europeans should n't `` educate '' the others . 
  we should let them educate themselves . 
  they 're not stupid : that 's what kipling thought when racism was actually a commonly accepted idea . 
  since every man is born with the same mind capacity ( except for exceptional cases ) , if they really wanted freedom of speech and thought they could start their revolutions themselves , they do n't need us . 
  ok i know i broke the rules , but did you kek ? 
  i know this is kind of an old statement but ... why do we have to do all the work ? 
  why must be europe the only `` civilized '' continent while in middle eastern and africa governments do n't do anything to get `` secularized '' and to teach their citizens to respect other people 's beliefs ? 
  why must muslims in our countries be `` respected and educated '' but christains in theirs be facing constant suppression and hatred ? 
  how long will it take for this world to respect each other 's differences ( yes , even ethnic differences ) and try to cooperate to make lives worth living in every country , so that europe does n't have to face this mass immigration while other third world countries get poorer and more desolated everyday ? 
  i 'm just talking nonsense , i know . 
  but i needed to get this stuff off my chest today, 
  i know this is / s but my inner spirit still struggles with not getting triggered . 
  my mouth might be smiling , but my eye is twitching, 
  do people there speak german or french ? 
  i like pizza, 
   americans telling europeans how childish they are, 
   americans telling europeans how childish they are, 
  iss only picture , why u heff to be mad ? 
  fellow apulian ? 
  i thought it was us italian and the french . 
  anyway , what 's the problem with using your own language ? 
  it 's not `` whataboutism '' . 
  what i 'm saying is simple : where is sexism institutionalised today ? 
  - answer : not in western europe , not in italy . 
  hence this `` privileged white man '' sjw bullshit is not a thing . 
  here both males and females have the same opportunities by law . 
  if you think they do n't then you should take back a look at your constitution . 
   wow , that 's a great proof by example .
