i thank your country for winning , and saving italy for what it could have been a disastrous experience for us all, 
  i think we would have ruined the next esc, 
  damn , as italian i am still burned from this year song contest, 
  i wonder how much is still a thing . 
  i mean , it could have been a lot , but what about now ? 
  hey , thanks for telling me i have to refresh rules of / r/europe !, 
  hoping to not be `` that guy '' again , sorry for rule infringiment , 
  i can see you too, 
  +1 for / u/elvishcopter !, 
  i 'm modding with him / r/italy , and his efforts on maintaining that sub a clean and tidy place are truly remarkable , 
  i do n't know . 
  i feel like he should have at least twenty flags , one per italian region . 
  old . 
  now trendy people feel sick about clash royale and clash of clans !, 
  every year a new game , lord . 
  hey , i heard this is the right place to say erdogan to fuck off, 
  what does happen now ? 
  i mean , it 's not like that tomorrow uk will be outside eu . 
  i guess it will took months if not years . 
  what steps are they going to do now ? 
  well , i guess you 're right , but if i recall correctly , die partei does n't have any seat at bundestag, 
  thanks , did n't study economy and i ( sadly ) do n't even know key concepts of keynesian economy or neoliberal one . 
  that 's what happens when all you 're able to do is go against anything because you did n't propose that . 
  this is exactly what is happening in italy now , and i 'm quite sure the things will go into that direction . 
  for immigration : they want to delete the dublin regulation , alongside with what juncker proposed , the immigrand redistribution quotas . 
  this redistribution would be mandatory for every eu member . 
  also , they 'd like to set up `` legal '' access point to europe , in order to reduce boats immigrants . 
  for economy : their main economic maneuver proposal is guaranteed minimum income . 
  would that be keynesian ? 
  and oh , sorry for my fucked up english edit : what did happen to your pirate party ? 
  i do n't hear about it since years . 
  where is it now ? 
  this five-stars movement is some sort of pirate party you got in germany . 
  they use a platform where all the movement subscribers vote laws , proposal and stuff . 
  just like liquid democracy ( i do n't know if pirate party use/d liquid democracy , i recall that italian pirate party used that ( now that party has almost disappeared . ) ), 
  by the way , in 2013 they get into parliament , and they continued to develop this anti-party philosophy where almost anything other parties does , must be first discussed from their subscribers . 
  this slows down a hella of things . 
  since 2013 , beppe grillo , movement leader , has kicked out some majors and parliament members because they were not following 100 % movement rules and philosophy . 
  one of their philosophy is to cut at least half of their parliament / major or any politician revenue and give these money to small company as micro financing to help those people who ca n't afford bank loans interests rates . 
  even if their main policy is to be independent , they yet managed to approve some law proposal with the help of other parties , or helped some parties to do the same thing . 
   `` we do n't like eu , nato or uno '' . 
  this is what you hear because their main leader ( there were two actually , the second one was gianroberto casaleggio , died some month ago ) used to uproar with those catching statements to catch media focus . 
  if their platform works well , there will be a divided community on this argument . 
  that 's one of the main reason that it is very uncommon they express their idea on very controversial arguments like immigration , euro zone and european community . 
  for what i can see , rome seems fucked with any major leading the city in the next years, 
  you could simply define a ratio where all the available countries able to produce militar stuff , produce stuff to spread across all eu . 
  eg : germany produces leopard3a1 ( am i right saying that is produced from germany ? 
  ) , and is able to produce let 's say 1000 of them . 
  depending on the percentage of army across eu , germany `` must '' give them , eg : 100 in italy , 150 in france , 250 in germany , 50 in czech ( random numbers , i do n't know the ratios ) . 
  also , if italy produces 5000 rifles , 500 in italy , 1250 in germany and so on . 
  but i do n't know how dumb this repartitioning logic could be . 
  can i ask you why ? 
  my idea of an eu army is some sort of training standards , weaponings , operating standards and a well divided funding across eu members . 
  hey , similar flag !, 
  can we be friends ? 
  i mean , i do n't even know who our closest ally could be !, 
  well , it could be time to do some sort of `` army merge '' across all eu members . 
  well ... 
  i 'd vote that !, 
  it kinda remembers me this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvku8ddsc9w, 
  is it legal in your country to keep a lynx in your home ? 
  screenshot : http://i.imgur.com/yjcfz1k.jpg article : the euro-zone stain ** did a dutch eurocrat call southern europeans drunken womanisers ? 
  ** no , but that is what northern europeans think ** europe mar 24th 2017 in philip roth 's `` the human stain '' , a university professor finds himself accused of racial harassment after he jokingly asks whether two black students who fail to attend class are `` spooks '' . 
  ( he means `` ghosts '' ; they hear a 1950s-era derogatory term for african-americans . ), 
  it seems like a ludicrous case of political correctness run amok , until the reader discovers that the professor is himself a black man who is passing as white , and is racked by racial anxiety and guilt . 
  his unfortunate word choice was not an innocent mistake but a sign of subconscious angst . 
  on march 20th jeroen dijsselbloem , the dutch finance minister and current president of the eurogroup ( the council of euro-zone finance ministers ) , had a similar moment . 
  in an interview with the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung , a german daily , mr dijsselbloem said he was proud that during the euro crisis , northern european union states had shown solidarity with southern ones ( for example , by extending them billions in loans ) . 
  but solidarity , he continued , entails obligations : `` i can not spend all my money on schnapps and women , and then ask for your support . '' his point was that countries receiving eu help should end wasteful spending . 
  but he seemed to be endorsing a stereotype of southern europeans as skirt-chasing drunks . 
  in short order , the outrage machine that powers modern politics kicked into gear . 
  on march 21st the eurogroup head was grilled by portuguese and spanish members of the european parliament , who called his remarks insulting . 
  the british press jumped in , ever eager to gin up a fight in brussels . 
  ( `` fury as eurocrat claims southern member states ` spent money on drinks & women ''' , headlined the express . ), 
  spain 's finance minister called mr dijsselbloem 's remarks unfortunate ; portugal 's said he should resign . 
  matteo renzi , the former prime minister of italy , wrote on his facebook page that if mr dijsselbloem wanted to insult italy `` he should do it in a sports bar , not in his official role . '' on march 22nd portugal 's prime minister , antonio costa , called on him to step down . 
  mr dijsselbloem refused to apologise , saying that he had been making a general point about responsibility . 
  on the face of it , he was right . 
  his comment was clearly an analogy : countries that borrow money from allies have a duty to reform , just as individuals who borrow money from friends have a duty not to splurge on a new jaguar . 
  if mr dijsselbloem had wanted to insult italians , he could have said `` grappa '' rather than `` schnapps '' . 
  besides , much of the fury directed at the eurogroup head was calculated . 
  mr dijsselbloem 's position has become tenuous since march 15th , when his labour party was crushed in the dutch elections ; he has virtually no chance of staying on as finance minister . 
  his term as head of the eurogroup , however , lasts until january . 
  it would seem odd for him to continue as eurogroup head when he is no longer a serving finance minister , but the body 's rules are vague . 
  in any case , other countries are eyeing his post , and would be happy to see him chased out . 
  ( the spanish finance minister , luis de guindos , is eager to replace him . ), 
  as for mr renzi , he has been feuding with the dutch minister for years over his stern enforcement of the eu 's budget-deficit limit of 3 % of gdp . 
  and yet . 
  as disingenuous as some of the fury at mr dijsselbloem may be , it gets at something real . 
  his drinking-and-women crack was not just an analogy for poor governance ; it also drew on deep cultural assumptions . 
  it was natural for a dutch minister , speaking to a german newspaper , to compare peripheral euro-zone economies to boozy womanisers -- because fundamentally , most northern europeans believe that southern european hedonism and irresponsibility were the cause of the euro crisis . 
  cultural resentment between northern and southern europeans has always been around , but the euro crisis brought it to a boil . 
  polling shows that germans consider greeks and italians to be untrustworthy layabouts ; anecdotal experience suggests that belief is shared by austrians , dutch and scandinavians . 
  when german populists like frauke petry or dutch ones like geert wilders characterise the eu 's response to the euro crisis as `` throwing crates full of money to the greeks '' , they are expressing what mainstream politicians privately think ( and are sometimes impolite enough to say ) . 
  northern europeans have never accepted the arguments made by keynesian economists that some of the blame for the crisis lies in their own countries : with northern euro-zone banks whose lending inflated southern euro-zone economies , with northern euro-zone investors who convinced themselves that greek and italian bonds were risk-free , with northern euro-zone pension funds whose pro-cyclical savings mandates help exacerbate current-account surpluses ( and starve the consumption that southern economies would need to recover ) , or with northern euro-zone voters who reject any move towards common debt instruments or fiscal transfers . 
  they have always maintained that the crisis and ensuing recession were the fault of the extravagant southerners . 
  mr dijsselbloem embodies this calvinist consensus . 
  a cheerfully meticulous man , he has been praised since arriving in brussels for his ability to run a meeting . 
  in politics , however , his sober instincts have not always worked out as well . 
  his labour party campaigned in 2012 on a promise to block austerity , but promptly entered a coalition with the centre-right liberals that raised taxes and cut spending .
