  that said ... clearly they were wrong and the market did n't work but it 's not that crazy . 
  the currency is a big deal . 
  the euro really hurts poorer countries with the lack of competitive monetary policy . 
  we 're almost on the regular trendline for bad !, 
  feels a bit like this scene : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pbryljkdfg, 
  a lot of the same thing as spain . 
  i still have old people saying that the only way to truly save value is to buy property . 
  it 's a mentality that still carries over from the peseta . 
  it 's pretty much going to have to be a customs border . 
  that said , that 's not that huge of a deal . 
  switzerland and norway both have customs borders within schengen . 
  but while you are right that free movement is n't border control , you can have free movement with border controls , but you ca n't have no free movement with no border controls . 
  there are already some differences in visa policies , but they are generally pretty esoteric , but the question will probably have some pretty serious implications if someone like bosnia were to join the eu . 
  what happens when you have people that are a ryanair flight away and guaranteed entry on one side and need a visa on the other side . 
  they 'd just get a bus to belfast and another cheap flight to england with no control . 
  there are 3 realistic options . 
  uk automatically allows visa-free entry to any eu member regardless of who the eu admits . 
  this seems to go pretty against the whole sovereignty argument , especially since the uk gave up a veto . 
  but realistically , the big issue is pretty much just the balkan states that are left and it might be an acceptable concession . 
  but some future trade agreement involving the eu could also include visa-free access to a third country national . 
  say amplifying the agreement with colombia that does n't seem far fetched . 
  border between n. ireland and ireland . 
  the classic solution and control at the edge of national territory . 
  obviously this has huge disadvantages for both sides on the island and would be very unpopular but it 's not legally questionable . 
  have a separate border arrangement for n. ireland and have internal border controls between ni and the rest of the uk . 
  i imagine there would be an uproar about needing to produce documentation to travel domestically , but it 's not unheard of in europe . 
  french overseas territories are not in schengen , for example . 
  so even though flying from paris to cayenne is a domestic flight , you have a border control . 
  i 'm a native english speaker so i really get this , when i speak english here in spain , i really try to make an effort to slow down and enunciate . 
  but we get brits here that just make no attempt to speak clearer without even thinking that the audience might struggle in the first place . 
  i also have to tell my colleagues to slow me down when i talk with another native speaker because i start going too fast without even realizing it . 
  the problem is assuming right/wrong in the first place . 
  language is a means to communicate and if communication fails , it 's a failing of understanding but it 's not about right/wrong . 
  native speakers need to understand that being more regimented helps in understanding and communication to make a language work . 
  non-natives , though to a much less degree than the first point , need to accept that seeing rules as right or wrong is n't helpful to actually making things work . 
  it 's a catholic thing . 
  it 's all saint 's day . 
  the mexicans have just put their own twist on it . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to call a citizen an immigrant if they moved an naturalized later in life . 
  was n't there some big case where someone was importing stuffed animals and there was disagreement to tax them as textiles or toys ? 
  that 's the kind of shit that happens . 
  yeah , that was because the spanish government provided guarantees about payment to build the place . 
  the construction would have never happened without those guarantees in the first place . 
  also the guarantees were given to spanish companies so it has nothing to do with international dispute settlement as it was entirely domestic . 
  in spain that would just be used as massive gossip fuel for every small town and why they do n't buy more rounds of drinks or donate more to the church , etc. . . 
  it would really just fuel a lot of resentment for even small differences . 
  yeah , this is the reason . 
  it 's because there is no separate international departures area and you are always free to leave an airport . 
   after outcry they decided to not go with isds . 
  they will create idss they 'll never figure it out . 
  because clearly the us government is worse about human rights than the regime in vietnam . 
  my father fought for the us in vietnam and was in some real shit . 
  ( beyond the lines , was at hue when the tet offensive started , etc. . . ) he will acknowledge all the moral failings of the war on an intellectual level but even 50 years later just ca n't process it emotionally that he saw people that fought as brothers mutilated for a failed cause . 
  i do n't fault people for having very normal psychological responses . 
  assange being on the payroll for russia today has nothing to do with russia . 
  that ... seems like a reasonable number given the amount of sales mcdonald 's uk has . 
  oh , i prefer it . 
  it 's just not a coalition . 
  that 's pablo iglesias , the leader of podemos . 
  this is the fundamental problem with broad reaching protest movements that turn into political movements . 
  on the street general slogans are great and it 's easy to just say ones that are either not important or you disagree with just are n't part of why you 're there . 
  but when it comes time to govern , aside from specific fixes which is another issue , compromise is required and compromise means having priorities . 
  when protesting everyone thinks their preferred cause of the protest is the priority and it leads to lots of internal strife when it has to be decided . 
  that 's why the best protests turned political are very specific with specific goals to be achieved incrementally . 
  see civil rights and the gay rights movements for good examples . 
  cross-posted . 
  sweet karma . 
  not in parliament but it 's pretty consistent in the street rhetoric . 
  it 's not shocking when it boils over . 
  yeah , and podemos routinely calls them fascists ... the feelings are really mutual . 
  [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/a/yfz4c ) of podemos and c 's arguing in the chamber is perfect . 
  because podemos is too paralyzed by its own internal politics to get to even a compromise with psoe . 
  hernando pretty conspicuously ignored talking about the budgets , but who knows what will happen with psoe in the next couple weeks . 
  all parties are only after their own self-interest and being the angry party that opposes everything still gets more votes and holding strong will get them a big portion of psoe voters . 
  if they can manage to not tear themselves apart . 
  i am hopeful education finally gets solved . 
  works out well for me since it gives some time to work out the problems and i 'm looking to have a kid in the next couple years . 
  refugees and russia just are n't really an issue in spain . 
  it 's pretty much conflated with immigration in general or parties that promote distributive social policy are favorable to refugees just show they are socially conscious , but i think we 've taken under 500 total so far so it 's really irrelevant . 
  podemos is left and opposes catalan independence , but are pro-referendum . 
  psoe is pretty liberal , but definitely more distributive than pp and anti-catalan independence and anti-referendum . 
  c 's is fiercely anti-independence ( it 's the whole reason they exist ) and very pro nato ( so russia fits in there ) . 
  their economics are very liberal , though . 
  they are also pro-refugee ( but as i said , it 's irrelevant here ), 
  this is explicitly not a coalition government . 
  it 's exclusively pp and c 's is staying in opposition , despite voting for the government . 
  it 's a very weak minority and despite what people say here , c 's has a similar arrangement with pp in the government of madrid ( at the autonomy level ) and regularly votes against them . 
  albert rivera is personal friends with nick clegg and has said that the lesson he learned from the uk is to never join a government you do n't lead since it just leaves you weaker , even if you vote to form that government . 
  i watched inglorious basterds the other day and had to put the dub on because they did n't have the subtitles for the original version and my french is terrible . 
  having scenes where the whole point is not speaking the same language is the whole point yet everyone speaks spanish . 
  if you are based in another currency , ca n't you just short uk bonds ? 
  say i have euros so i short the bonds , even if the price goes up slightly ( which i do n't see how that would work given the uncertainty ) then when i go to cover , i make the money from the difference in the forex . 
  are you really from andorra ? 
  what are the dubs you guys typically watch ? 
  when i was there it seemed like everyone just went to watch movies in the spanish dub . 
  i will say the quality of spanish dubs has gotten noticeably better in the last 10 years or so , but it 's still no contest that the original version is best . 
  as a really solid example , compare portugal to spain and italy . 
  they are way better at english . 
   onions damned right !, 
  right , but why tax the company .
