  honestly , i think they go hand in hand . 
  knowing you wo n't be going hungry if you take a real risk helps encourage the risk taking that really advances a society . 
  i guess that 's what i get from being from both sides of the atlantic , i guess . 
  i like to see the best in both systems . 
  my favorite is still `` by the face '' to mean free ( price not liberated ) . 
  it 's something that everyone thinks is an actual phrase in english but just does n't exist . 
  also the bizzare `` baidefeis '' phonetical spellings as well . 
  crack comes from * craic * but clearly people would n't associate that spelling with the pronunciation . 
  i am originally from the usa and work in a very international field . 
  i do n't know what 's what anymore between just loanwords , general office speak and people wanting to sound english , and just laziness in not wanting to translate en -  es -  en . 
  inflation is actually very difficult to calculate . 
  you have to go buy the price of what consumers actually buy as a base to try and mitigate external factors . 
  for example the price of electronics would indicate massive deflation . 
  energy has fluctuated wildly since 1970 and actually appears to be finding a small amount of stability . 
  food can be tied to energy prices as well . 
  basically those numbers seem to indicate rounding errors in methodology over the course of 40 + years rather than some attempt to over or under report . 
  in a larger sense , it does n't even really matter under 4 % ( except for the relation of central bank rates ) . 
  people will try to get the most bang out of their investments regardless and it may slightly affect risk appetite , but there are not earth-shattering macro implications at that level . 
  actually , yes !, 
  a low but steady inflation rate means people who would otherwise horde money are forced to find ways to invest it or effectively lose real purchasing power . 
  us inflation between 2-3 % is one of the best things about the american economy . 
  germany is actively preventing this from happening in the eurozone due to crippling fear of any inflation . 
  in fairness . 
  in this case it would only be a difference in pronoun and that 's about it . 
  seeing as how the '' - tion '' english suffix derives from french . 
  i have no idea what 's happening . 
  every one is a joke . 
  basically the same frustrations as everyone else about 2 parties . 
  i wish upyd was more respected . 
  springfield presents it rather prominently . 
  made in china does n't mean that it 's shit either . 
  individual factory owners are the ones that ensure quality there . 
  the issue is if you 're going to make the cheap components that go in specialised equipment , there 's really nowhere else except e asia to get that stuff . 
  and inflation would mean this would go down both in value and in absolute terms because gdp can grow slightly less than inflation but still increase revenues while expenditures would generally remain fixed . 
  yes everyone gets poorer in the same way , but if done healthily makes it work much better . 
  not to mention the country that would benefit the most is germany since they have an export driven economy . 
  i constantly say the german attitude toward inflation is fear of drinking a glass of water because your grandfather drowned . 
  it 's not that they do n't care . 
  they just have a crippling fear of any inflation despite being an obviously very helpful step . 
  the german people tend to equate something like a 5 % target as the equivalent of hyper inflation . 
  there is definitely a population that lives in segovia and now even a permanent population in madrid . 
  most spanish people , even youth , do n't speak english . 
  spain is going to rebound incredibly fast . 
  they have a highly educated workforce fully integrated into the eu that will work for a fraction of what things would cost elsewhere . 
  and much of that labor force ca n't go anywhere because of the poor language education . 
  i left for visa issues but i will be back . 
  in the mean time i am personally steering specialty manufacturing to spain because it 's ridiculously cheap . 
  edit : this is n't even the first or second time that times have been truly worrying and terrible in the last 40 years . 
  nobody does a crisis like spain . 
  getting one of those makes me happy . 
  it 's easy to look back and see the grand struggle that existed at the time . 
  but from a purely practical geopolitical sense . 
  a small , poor , recently independent country that 's on an island is actually acting fairly rationally by declaring neutrality . 
  that said , how they treated the irish fellows that went to fight for britain after the war and everything was pretty clear was absolutely atrocious . 
  i agree . 
  i do think the ecb is giving deficit leeway in exchange for structural reforms in the worst way possible . 
  i do think there are structural policy reforms that do n't necessarily conform to monetary/fiscal policy . 
  the two biggest examples would be that after a bank forecloses on a home , the buyer is no longer obligated to pay . 
  you know ... the whole point of collateral . 
  also , to make it much easier to fire people . 
  not to gut the system , but once you get an `` idefenido '' contract you 're basically set for life regardless of performance . 
  but austerity is n't an end in and of itself , it 's a way to reign in out of control fiscal policy . 
  i see no reason why spain 's fiscal policy was and is any way out of control and needs reigning in . 
  they should absolutely be running huge deficits to help relieve the crisis . 
  the whole idea of save in good times and spend in bad is now shot because of the bond markets . 
  well , that 's true . 
  i do n't know a good solution . 
  right now many landlords are asking for huge deposits to cover their risks unless you have a very good work contract . 
  lowering protections for people who ca n't pay rent also seems shitty . 
  it 's a tough situation . 
  i was planning on buying parking spots rather than live-in property for an income generating asset for this reason . 
  nobody has a right to park so you have much more power in that situation . 
  spain did n't have `` non-stop government spending '' . 
  i 'm as neoliberal as they come and it 's kind of bullshit the whole idea of lowering the debt burden in good times to deficit spend in bad gets thrown out the window . 
  spain 's debt went way down and they stayed well within deficit guidelines . 
  the deficit comes and the state is needed to prop up the economy through a crisis and all of a sudden it 's a debt ridden problem and the deficits are not allowed through the bond markets . 
  what motivation is there to use sound economics and lower your debt if it wo n't get you anything in the future ? 
  i support the idea of a small sustainable debt but the idea of spain having been a terrible offender is just not true . 
   renting should be the best option for houses owned by individuals i do n't know what you mean by this . 
  if they own it , they are not renting . 
  do you mean to say occupied ? 
  i assure you there are many vacant homes in madrid , as well . 
  the idea of buying to finally own a place in retirement does n't seem like a bad idea in general and you can only realize you 're in a bubble in retrospect . 
  the whole idea of collateral is to be able to reclaim the money should the debt not be paid . 
  so if the people default and the bank forecloses , the legal obligation to pay should stop . 
  the people were irresponsible , but the banks are at the very least equally irresponsible and faced the exact same risk of default . 
  they should n't have a risk free investment if everything goes to shit just like the people who took out the bad loans . 
  i would be for a bank rescue just for this . 
  the legal structure makes it so the risk is 100 % on the homeowner . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  after they kick you out , you are still obligated to pay the mortgage despite the bank having already reclaimed their collateral . 
  changing that would allow spain to rebound nearly instantly . 
  also grew up in the us . 
  i 've got some news for you if you think only the police have guns in spain . 
  even private security is allowed to carry them . 
  there is also a a fair black market for weapons . 
  that said it 's clearly nothing like in the us and a shooting death will make the news for awhile , but certainly not unheard of . 
  yeah , who ever heard of guns in ireland ? 
  this is true , but the good will has been squandered . 
  his son-in-law is in some shit with corruption and just left the country for awhile .
