  yeah , i have a hard time believing ukraine , a country actively at war , has a similar amount of guns as the uk . 
  granted i 'm sure most of the uk guns are way old hunting shotguns , but still . 
  that 's because it 's a multi party system . 
  the way the us system works where you have to win within your party means lots of pandering to the loudest groups . 
  of course us elections are classically start extreme and then move to the center for the general election and when the more extreme candidate wins the party , it 's generally a disaster because of how the voting system is . 
  ( that 's why i laugh about reddit 's sanders ' obsession thinking he wo n't be like george mcgovern or walter mondale ) . 
  in a well-made multiparty system , each little faction gets their own party and then they make the appropriate concession to each other to form the coalition roughly in proportion with how they were voted . 
  usually this means the more centrist groups are able to form a coalition and government competence results . 
  i bet it 's that most people do n't know the estadela vs. not estadela thing with your flair . 
  do n't worry , i appreciate the joke . 
  for spain it 'd definitely be ourselves . 
  we 're all about debt in spain . 
  lots of historical inflation and random devaluations helped that . 
  also worth mentioning that ohl is involved in a big corruption mess in mexico as well . 
  does n't mean he 'll be able to do it . 
  but he 'll almost certainly drag out the process to make it so new elections will happen if he fails . 
  my company is militantly against this . 
  it 's maddening . 
  we got one as a gift once . 
  it was huge and kind of pointless as i was n't actually going to use it for anything so i just took it to the bank . 
  was definitely novel , though . 
  i do n't think i 've ever actually used a 200 $ for a purchase either . 
  i do like using my credit card for everything . 
  is n't that like 30 $ a day just in tolls ? 
  and i bitch about having to pay 70 $ for an unlimited transport pass to commute . 
  yeah , i have to say , i do n't really like the idea of ruling that a private company does n't have the right to limit terms like that based on a non-discriminatory reason . 
  it would be perfectly legal for a website to host only nude photos and say any others wo n't be accepted and the reverse should be true , as well . 
  it 's not like facebook is anywhere near a monopoly on photo sharing either , so there are plenty of options . 
  the news here said 100 $ per day . 
  around 400.000 $ which seems very low to me . 
  he also had to sleep in a church last night . 
  they could n't even get him a hotel . 
  and germany only cared about not allowing ussr more influence . 
  same reason spain got into nato . 
  nobody gave a fuck about the people involved . 
  the war ended up as a proxy war between fascists and communists . 
  by the end the same could have been said about the ussr . 
  by the middle of the war , the country was going to be fucked for decades regardless of the outcome and there was no good way out by that point . 
  i honestly thought the place was really creepy in general and being there has a sort of intangible feeling that 's hard to describe but i definitely consider going there as something that really helped me understand spain when figuring it out when i got here . 
  it 's worth mentioning that all of scariest cases are cases that the companies have n't actually won . 
  i 'm all for the ability for everyone to actually sue if they believe they actually have a case . 
  else there is no way to actually challenge things . 
  but the process does tend to work and nobody gives crazy examples of cases that have actually been decided . 
  there 's a reason for that . 
  so far we have a quote of a statement of fact that looks pretty bad out of context and a leader that sucks at presenting information . 
  i basically would like to see the context of that . 
  it sounds shitty to me but not `` grab your pitchforks '' shitty . 
  rather a large organization trying to change course but coming up short due to the typical things that happen in a large organization . 
  it 's really not acceptable and this needs to be fixed but i 'd like to see the context of the document . 
  and it 's sadly true that even the worst case this prevents is certainly an improvement on the absolutely shameful way the church handled the abuses cases by actively hiding problems . 
  i hope i 'm not coming off as a defender of the church here , but i think honest assessments are necessary rather than everything being absolutely terrible no matter what . 
  negligence is better than malice but it 's not good enough for what they need to accomplish and i think actual constructive criticism of why is the way to make sure that 's understood . 
  not that i do n't trust the guardian to be totally impartial on matters regarding the church , but is there a non-guardian source on this ? 
  i 'm perfectly willing to say that , as presented , it 's horrible but i suspect there may be some nuance in the original statement . 
  the damning quote is just a statement of fact and is in no way presented as guidance . 
  it could very well be followed with the fact that they are morally obligated even if the corresponding laws make it not obligatory . 
   business can run profitably even with decent salaries , its the profit margin that would be lessened . 
  there still would be profit just not as much . 
  you have to compare that risk to the risk of just taking the money that you would make and investing it and long term market gains are close to 7-8 % so being profitable but slightly less profitable is n't good enough if the money it takes to make that profit would be better spent just giving it to a bank . 
  adding risks of activity , your margins really need to be 10-15 %, 
  yeah , i 'd be all for more freelancing . 
  it 's really a good way to get more money if you are okay with less security . 
  but you 're right that the market is unfortunately much smaller than it could be for it . 
  here it 's very common to have engineering subcontractor companies that give you an indefinite contract and subcontract you out to the other companies . 
  the salaries do tend to be slightly lower than the direct hires but that 's because it basically means that you wo n't have to fire direct hires because you can cut the costs by means of not keeping the subcontracted engineers . 
  that said , the salary differences are much lower than people seem to think and everyone just imagines that they could pocket the difference that the subcontracting company takes if they worked directly but it just does n't work that way . 
  cost of living and taxes are also much lower in germany . 
  i used to live in the us and made almost double what i do in spain . 
  but at the end of the day , i live a similar lifestyle ( probably slightly better in madrid , honestly ) and save more in absolute terms because the costs are so dramatically lower . 
  it really cuts both ways though . 
  i 've been on the technical side and now i 'm on the business side of engineering . 
  you really just ca n't compete in the global marketplace with crazy salaries , especially when korea is a thing . 
  and engineering is a global business . 
  so basically the truer statement is that there are n't enough engineers to fill positions at a salary level that allows for market competitiveness and a business that can actually be run profitably . 
  it 's a much subtler point but it really is true . 
  and yes the us can have much higher salaries but that 's because they basically have no protection from being fired . 
  knowing that you can get rid of that cost instantly and for no extra cost lowers the risk a lot and risk ultimately translates to money . 
  that 's not how bonds work . 
  it 's not a variable interest rate . 
  there is a secondary market where the prices change , but the initial coupon is fixed and people are willing to accept bonds that pay less than their price right now just for the security of knowing they will be paid that much . 
  `` free '' money is just 0 % interest rate and it 's not particularly special on a continuous line that also includes negative interest rates . 
   all this also makes me very skeptical of these so called self-driving cars that are supposedly around the corner . 
  i do n't see self-driving cars becoming a thing anytime soon , but i do like the tesla approach of making it similar to an airplane . 
  it 's still the human with ultimate control ( and legal liability ) but they have basically autopilot features that allow you to cruise without much though . 
  that said , as people do n't have management and quality procedures and obligatory rest periods , it could very well end up with a lot of crashes . 
  or they will have to install something like the dead man switch where you have to push the button every 2 minutes or something . 
  quite honestly that can be budgeted for relatively easily . 
  at least from an accounting perspective . 
  maybe a bit harder politically . 
  there 's clearly a balance but when people are literally paying you for bonds , it seems to me to be pretty clearly on the side of `` spend now '' . 
  i 'm shocked the germans are on board with this . 
  i might actually be cautiously optimistic that inflationphobia might actually be dealt with if this were to happen as they 'd have to actually account for more than just germany/netherlands in reality . 
  i still say thank god an italian runs the ecb . 
  seriously . 
  even isis runs their budgets in usd . 
  i think that 's probably it . 
  baleares/andalusia/valencia / canaries all have a fair amount of people to balance out the odd barfight gone wrong . 
  ryanair bringing in loads of drunken brits that get out of hand . 
  this is just fucked up from all sides . 
  this just reinforces my view that especially at the municipal level ideology really is n't anywhere near as important as basic competence .
