  after the atrocities and international condemnation , it was transferred to belgium , but obviously a lot of the damage was already done . 
  but congo free state was indeed part of leopold ii 's personal realm . 
  i 'm glad they translated this . 
  i read it over the weekend and it summed up my views pretty well ... 
  especially depressing given i grew up in america . 
  well , we 'll never know what the actual negotiated agreement would have been since it never got to that point . 
  i 'd imagine one of europe 's big concessions would have been gmos which i 'm fine with . 
  another huge one was likely to be harmonizing auto standards ( far better for european car companies ) and those are n't really better or worse on either side , just different . 
  the point being a final draft never got negotiated so we wo n't actually know what would have happened now . 
  right there with you . 
  i 'm happy to consider myself a gloablist . 
  the alternative is ships and airplanes which works just fine . 
  hell , with the ice caps melting , they will be able to just pop over the top . 
  qu\u00e9 gallego tan raro !, 
  i guarantee you spanish grandmothers were like 99 % in favor , i imagine the same for portugal , italy and greece, 
  we have conquered summer tourism , time to conquer winter sports tourism . 
  ( spain is already a pretty decent ski destination ), 
  as a skiier in spain ... at least we 'll have snow more regularly . 
   our housing problem is already considered at crisis levels . 
  is the problem from zoning or from lack of activity from the private side on builders ? 
  i think dublin needs to acknowledge it 's about to get a lot bigger and will probably start to need to add lots and lots and lots of high capacity blocks . 
  this is the heart of a lot of unkowns and part of the passporting rights issue . 
  http://www.eu-facts.org.uk/arguments-by-topic/will-uk-financial-services-suffer-from-losing-passporting-rights-after-brexit/ that 's a good overview . 
  oops ... yeah . 
  just goes to show how casual i am about football . 
   i do n't think it 's that far fetched to think brexit will have some influence . 
  it 's not ... the article literally does n't even try to explain how it would work . 
  you should go write for the independent . 
  the short version is i 'm for breaking down trade barriers globally and i consider myself a globalist in general . 
   in the private sector , it 's usually unthinkable to hire a high level guy who is n't fluent in english , let alone send him to meet a foreign person ( and other languages are strong advantages ) . 
  in international companies , all staff except low-level must speak decent english . 
  for elected official it would n't be fair to make it a requirement , but there are good reasons to think it 's definitely an advantage . 
   yeah , we 're generally ashamed of the english level of our elected leaders . 
  the various pictures of rossi are amusing . 
  real madrid has 2 countries . 
  and atleti a third . 
  and there 's literally zero logic in the article about why brexit , specifically , would be an obstacle for franco-british military funding . 
  like , i 'm as anti-brexit as they get but pretty much everyone agrees uk is going to continue to be a very important part of european security . 
  portugal has the same thing going on as spain . 
  a good portion of the electorate actually remembers a right wing nationalist dictatorship so ultra-right is just a non-starter . 
  now , you 'll get people from the left saying that the current right wing is exactly the same as the fascist government but that 's just not true . 
  they are pretty solidly in the european center right mold . 
  eh , the second one is a good thing for the future at least . 
  though i would imagine it 's a similar reason as spain . 
  getting all the vat receipts for the tourist season means you do n't have to issue as many bonds in q3 . 
  i do n't see any reason why either uk or france would want to end military ties . 
  i think brexit was stupid , but european security is mostly handled by nato anyway and that has nothing to do with the eu . 
  it 's not like the uk has said they suddenly want to go full isolationist n. korea , the brexit campaign was a globalist campaign , after all , even it was logically inconsistent . 
   soros is the hip new scapegoat . 
  he ai n't new . 
  he 's certainly influential and black wednesday was pretty much just him breaking the uk 's erm terms , but that said , he was just the impulse that fucked with an unsustainable system , he 's not really that powerful , just rich and funds things he believes in . 
  not like there 's any lack of billionaires on most sides of things . 
   at a certain age i remember hearing from one of my instructors `` the united states has never lost a war '' . 
   and then , after that , it 's like , we have n't won anything . 
  we do n't win anymore . 
   the old expression : `` to the victor belong the spoils '' - you remember ? 
  you always used to say `` keep the oil '' . 
  i was n't a fan of iraq . 
  i did n't want to go into iraq . 
  but i will tell you . 
  when we were in , we got out wrong . 
   and i always said : `` in addition to that , keep the oil '' . 
   now i said it for economic reasons , but if you think about , mike , if we kept the oil we would probably would n't have isis , because that 's where they made their money in the first place . 
  so we should have kept the oil . 
   but okay . 
  [ laughter ] maybe we 'll have another chance . 
  - president trump ... literally yesterday at the cia, 
  yeah , i think it 's because i read lots of legal shit and contracts for work , though . 
  those phrases tend to be overly long and overspecified in order to make sure they mean something concrete and ca n't be misinterpreted . 
  that 's good to hear, 
  i really hope that at least some of the survivors are with someone they know . 
  i just think that the story of the guy who lived while his whole family was killed because he went out to smoke is the worst . 
  i could n't imagine not wanting to just kill yourself after something like that . 
  who ? 
  we beat italy !, 
  yeah , rosneft as well , that 's basically how they pay people off with having it look legitimate . 
  i mean , they have the biggest gdp of any autonomy ( gap ? 
  ) , but that 's more because they have way more people than madrid and andalusia is poor . 
  i grew up in the us and had the whole rebelling against monarchy thing ingrained in me . 
  as i 've gotten older , i 've kind of come to appreciate the idea of someone as the head of state who is sort of outside the political system . 
  it 's one of those things that i do n't like in theory but the way it works in reality is actually decent , especially compared to the alternatives . 
  ( would you rather have rajoy/zapatero/aznar / etc. . . in that sort of role , because that 's who spain votes for ) all else being equal , if i made a new country , it 's be a republic ... but i have come to appreciate the value of an unelected monarch with age . 
  yeah , yeah ... we should all be born equal , but the world is n't that way unless you honestly think someone like ana bot\u00edn ( or , since you 're catalan let 's go with the pujol children ) are truly equal as someone born in a poor small town ... well , it just does n't work that way . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_angola it was a fully equal province . 
  special quote  in 1951 , the portuguese authorities changed the statute of the territory from colony to an overseas province of portugal . 
  legally , the territory was as much a part of portugal as lisbon, 
  both milan and madrid are already well established financial hubs . 
  madrid more so than milan because of the connection to s america . 
  santander and bbva are both quite massive . 
  i started talking this way thinking it was crazy but the more i think about it , the more i think it will ultimately be the solution . 
  now my crazy theory is that the whole island of ireland joins schengen and they issue some sort of northern ireland id card, 
  if there 's immigration checks between the island of ireland and the ruk , why would n't they join schengen ? 
   trade deals dkny something something ... across the chanel from france, 
   absolutely . 
  they can finally get back on the path of prosperity . 
  the uk was a prime example of prosperity before joining the eu , after all . 
  only the most prosperous countries get money from the imf . 
   the african colonies my point is they were n't colonies ... they were portugal . 
  they were administered as part of the central state . 
  no they wo n't .
