  by putting a new proposal on the table and keeping the referendum about accepting the old proposal ( even though it would be meaningless ) would mean `` no '' would win resoundingly . 
  at that point ela is definitely over and greek banks will begin crashing within a maximum of a couple of days . 
  once the banks go , it 's game over for greece in the euro . 
  restructuring also means both sides agree whereas default is a one-sided deal . 
  right , but the deadline that was known in february was in early june . 
  they managed to salvage an old rule to get us to today . 
  why could n't he have schedule a referendum for , you know , before the bailout expired ? 
  i actually like the idea of the referendum , but the execution is terrible . 
  greece does do a lot of refining and thought the crude is priced in usd , lower operating costs could make refined products more attractive . 
  it 's illegal to have permanence on phone contracts here . 
  you are free to leave at any time . 
  so the companies will finance you a phone on very favorable terms ( i will end up with a mid range xperia for like 200 $ ) and are able to lock it to the network while it 's being financed and have quite strict early buyout clauses . 
  people with unlocked phones can change as much as they like . 
  but i do pay for those services with my monthly bill . 
  this is just asking that my payment to orange espa\u00f1a will also be able to get my services on orange uk or orange france or whatever . 
  i also work for a business and travel around europe a lot . 
  this would cut down on our expenses massively and allow us to invest in more growth . 
  there 's always winners and losers but i think eliminating the roaming fees is better on the whole . 
   tsipras and syriza do n't actually want to leave the eu , but they do n't want austerity either well yeah , this is why everyone thinks it 's like negotiating with children . 
  they got what they could out of negotiations and now basically are faced with a tough choice . 
  rather than choose , or even present the choice in the stark terms it is to the electorate , they are going with , we want the good parts of both plans , but none of the bad parts as if they had any influence on it . 
  they want people to loan them money at far below market rates , but do n't want conditions attached . 
  fine ... do n't take the loans . 
  but they also do n't want the consequences of that and not being able to pay for everything they want . 
  i do n't deny it 's a shitty position and a tough choice , but this whole thing is like a 3 year old 's temper tantrum . 
  tarp made the us government money . 
  it was essentially a non-collateralized version of the ela . 
  and considering what the ecb is taking as collateral , it might as well be close to the same thing . 
  the 2008 crises was a bubble bursting and a panic that sucked all the liquidity out of everything and was fundamentally a cash flow problem more than anything , hence why a cash injection was a good idea . 
  greece only has a problem with cash flow because they have a fundamentally unsustainable model . 
  there was a run on bonds , but it was sorted with the bailout but the problem persists because it is structural . 
  this is precisely the attitude that the original article is talking about . 
  greece still has quite a lot . 
  less than they had for sure , cratering the whole fucking project because `` fuck it , it could n't get any worse , right ? '', 
  is incredibly dangerous and short sighted . 
  it most definitely can get worse . 
  my weekend literally consisted of me sitting in front of a fan and occasionally sticking my head in a cold shower . 
  mardid 's is nuts . 
  they would n't be allowed in schengen if they were n't part of the agreement on free movement . 
  it 's bonkers to have an open border with a country that would need a visa to visit . 
  besides , they would need to implement exit controls with strict limits on cash exiting the country . 
   to begin with , greece must exit not only the eurozone but also the european union . 
  this is non-negotiable and unavoidable . 
  for if the greek state is effectively to confiscate the few euros a citizen has in her bank account and turn them into drachmas of diminishing value , she will be able to take the greek government to the european courts and win outright . 
  additionally , the greek state will have to introduce border and capital controls to prevent the export of its citizens euro-savings . 
  thus , greece will have to get out of the european union . 
  [ - yanis varoufakis ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2012/05/16/weisbrot-and-krugman-are-wrong-greece-cannot-pull-off-an-argentina/ ) i 'm keenly aware of the difference and it seems the only way anyone has figured out to leave the ez is to completely leave the eu , unless you just do n't want the eu treaties to mean anything . 
   the future looks bleak , many ( younger ) people are thinking about immigrating . 
  this may get a lot more complicated if greece indeed has to pull out of the eu to leave the ez . 
  do people even realize that losing free movement rights is a very real possibility of a `` no '' vote ? 
  you guys would need a visa to visit any eu country since a non-eu greece would be just a balkan country with no visa treaty established . 
  fair enough , but regardless ... the point stands that the pensions are the only place to get real cuts . 
  they need billions and everything else is basically in millions . 
  so what i can find , greek gov ' t spending is around 20 % of gdp while pensions are 17.5 % that would be even worse as a percentage of spending . 
  ( clearly i am talking about the greek government , as they are the one who may default ) sources : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/15/unsustainable-futures-greece-pensions-dilemma-explained-financial-crisis-default-eurozone http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.con.govt.zs, 
  the sixth point appears to have been specifically addressed by juncker in his conference . 
  i suppose it 's a game of trust but now that all the cards are on the table , tsipras wants to move in the direction that will clearly lead greece out of the ez and denies that it 's the truth which means he 's either lying or stupid , but either way leads me to believe juncker more . 
  i understand if people do n't but any possible respect for syriza and tsipras is 100 % gone now that he is urging greece to exit the euro and lying about it the entire time . 
  a `` no '' mandate would make any negotiation impossible * after * the deadline has passed . 
  it was one of the big reforms to come out of the greek crisis . 
  iirc it happened in late 2011 or early 2012 . 
  it 's like why those damned firefighters cause so many fires . 
  i mean , you see them whenever there 's a fire and everything . 
   1 - of the 226,7 billion euro which were lent to the greeks , only 27 billion was actually used to finance the greek government ( pensions , wages , healthcare , etc. ), 
  the rest was mainly used to pay off existing loans , interest on the new loans and to recapitalize ( privatised ) greek banks . 
  yeah , those loans are their bills , too . 
  by making those payments , they freed up the money to go elsewhere . 
  not paying the loans on the agreed upon terms is default and that 's what everyone wants to avoid . 
   2 - between 2008 and 2012 pensions have been cut by 18,9 % , before the 2008 crisis greek pensions as a percentile of gdp was lower than even germany 's ( 12,3 % for greece v.s. 
  12,4 % for germany ) they need to free up revenue . 
  they can either increase taxes or cut spending . 
  realistically , it needs to be some combination of both and spending in almost every other area has been cut to the bone . 
  the pensions are around 3/4 of all spending in greece and so it 's pretty much the only place meaningful cuts can be made . 
  it 's not an ideological thing , it 's math . 
   3 - income taxes have been raised four times , lower incomes saw their tax burden increase by as much as 337.7 % !, 
  see previous answer . 
   4 - while almost all eu countries are struggling to get their budget deficit below 3 % , greece as of 2015 has a budget surplus of 4 % . 
  1,5 % ( edit , got a wrong source , thanks to some commentors for pointing this out ) other eu countries can get the financing to pay for that deficit . 
  greece just ca n't get external financing anymore without bailouts so needs to be able to service all debts with a primary surplus so it 's just not good enough . 
  again ... math , not ideology . 
  also they had a primary surplus and syriza fucked that up and the only reason they have a positive cash flow thus for for the year is by not paying other bills . 
  if they had to close the books for the year today , it would be a deficit . 
   5 - greece has ( up until now ) abided to every single one of the commitments which it has agreed to in the bailout agreements ( often reluctantly , but still ) yeah , because not agreeing to it is a default and would trigger an exit of the eurozone . 
   6 - the eu had commited to debt relief from the moment greece attained a gdp surplus , this happened a year ahead of schedule ( 2013 ) but the eu has not yet honored their part of the commitment and is at this moment still actively delaying debt relief . 
  this is the one that syriza personally fucked up . 
  they probably could have gotten a workable deal that may have included debt relief if they did n't use the `` fuck you '' negotiation strategy . 
  that said , who knows and you ca n't change history and at the end of the day it is the greek state that is the one asking for funding from everyone else . 
  they tried to use that as a position of power which is outright ridiculous and just is n't how power and influence works . 
  i 'm one of the first to say that there is a serious problem in the muslim world with violent extremism/jihadism . 
  these people are amazing human beings that are a reminder that the serious problem is a tiny percentage of people . 
  i believe you mean `` grefixing '', 
  it 's not that they wanted to have the vote , it 's that they should have voted prior to any deadline . 
  it has been known for a long time . 
  and that they are still saying they can stay in the euro with a `` no '' vote . 
  that 's basically an outright lie at this point . 
  realistically it 's a capitulate or grexit vote . 
  fair enough , that 's a complicated question and a referendum seems fair for that , but you have to be honest with the options , not say that `` no '' is a fuck you to negotiating terms and that your no vote will make everyone give into your demands . 
  the thing is `` austerity '' means something and it 's in nominal terms of fiscal policy . 
  lots of inflation may leave people poorer in real terms but it wo n't be `` austerity '' since they wo n't have to cut anything it just wont expand as fast as the value of the currency is falling . 
  the overall effect is probably worse on everyone but it also has its advantages like making existing debts worth less as well .
