  growing up is mostly boredom/angst anywhere in the world . 
  yeah , capital gains taxes are pretty standard across all industrialized countries . 
  the vat is only for the money left over . 
  you do n't pay vat on 100 % of your gross salary , you pay it with the 50 % you have left . 
  changes it to about 60 % , so not much consolation , but a technical correction . 
  a vat on saving money ? 
  well seeing as how i only speak spanish and english . 
  if people do n't speak english , i just speak in their general direction with spanish and do n't care about anything they say because i ca n't understand it anyway . 
  it leads to a lot of really awkward one way conversations and gesturing . 
  there is a lot of business between latin america and spain . 
  the spanish sphere of influence is fairly wide and most people get by just fine . 
  the us is a favorite tourist destination and you can get by just fine in spanish there , as well . 
  that 's really shocking to me , especially there . 
  would there have been some sort of self-selection bias ? 
  i honestly do n't get why you would go for learning dutch when there is such a huge overlap of dutch speakers and english speakers . 
  just learn english and you can communicate with way more people and consume so much more media . 
  you can thank star wars for that . 
  i agree and you just kind of have to accept there will be abuse around the edges as there is in any system . 
  but i am still of the mind that the combined market forces of the entire population will make better decisions . 
  this is consistently shown in things like african aid where by far the best method is just give cash . 
  yeah , people waste a bit , but so do governments but the end results are much more innovative and planned economic development is generally terrible . 
  my biggest concern would be that it would push the price of housing up again to go right back to being unaffordable on the basic income and i am very against any price controls . 
  either that or what small countries on their own currency often have to do is sell their bonds denominated in a reserve currency . 
  usually usd or gbp . 
  the devaluation still helps for the private debt load . 
  what the euro did was make people confident to hold private assets in local currencies in places like italy and here . 
  job training is good . 
  but i am of the mind that while there are still issues , the most efficient method of aid is direct cash . 
  even if people blow 20 % on average , that 's what it would cost in overhead to run a targeted system anyway . 
  and besides , spending on hookers and booze means the money gets into the economy anyway . 
  i think you could make it taxable income and raise minimum income levels to pay tax to make it slightly more equitable . 
  i 'm fairly right wing / laissez faire economicially and i think it would be a decent idea . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  i have never experienced this once . 
  i am american and have lived in spain for years . 
  i 'll occasionally get a joke about nsa spying but nothing serious . 
  someone did try to fight me once for being american , but he was extremely drunk and finding random reasons to try and fight every single person . 
  it generally only goes one way with portuguese people understanding spanish but definitely not the other way around . 
  just a result of the sounds each language uses . 
  i can read a newspaper in portuguese and get the gist of what 's going on , but i could never deal with spoken . 
  the simposns is probably the single best dubbing in the country . 
  it really maintains a lot of the nuance and charm , especiall from the early seasons . 
  i 'm originally from america and i can assure you , i 'm shocked it 's that high . 
  maybe if you 're in alicante where people need to know basic english to get by in tourism but in the vast majority of the country it 's either spanish only or spanish/local language . 
  nobody understands what the people in murcia are getting on about . 
  yeah , i find it bizzare that i can use english easier than spanish in most of portugal . 
  russian interest in northern waters is a big deal . 
  with the ice caps melting , the arctic sea is becoming navigable and possible to exploit the resources there . 
  france is about as strong of an ally as the us has . 
  a lot of reddit is of the age to have really come of age during the iraq fiasco and that was certainly a disagreement , but aside from that franco-american relations have been incredibly strong since the us began as a nation . 
  i get that , i also live in the center of madrid , though so the comparrison is fair . 
  if i wanted to live in a small city or town here it would also be about 1/3 of the cost . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i agree there is problems with inefficiency here but people work quite long hours despite stereotypes . 
  the whole long lunch thing is n't about siesta , it 's about being able to use workers for extra long shifts without having to hire more effectively forcing a longer work day . 
  i would be for disbanding nato and make a european version as well as a n. american version and then make an umbrella alliance of alliances . 
  the us clearly has the power to handle east and west , but i think it would allow more attention to be paid to local problems in mexico as well as helping manage the issues of chinese growth in the pacific . 
  europe would be focused on russia , though with a lot of us support as well . 
  the only issue is france may try to drag everyone into various african conflicts . 
  is cost of living higher ? 
  i find life to be waay cheaper here than when i lived in chicago . 
  food and housing especially . 
  the only expenses that i can think of that are noticibly higher are utilites and gasoline , but that stuff is more than offset by the rest . 
  lazy and unproductive are often conflated as synonyms . 
  you can work twice as much as someone 3x as efficient and still be worse off in absolute terms . 
  lack of being productive is usually a systematic issue because it 's not like a dutch person works inherently harder than a greek person , just more efficiently with more tools to create more value . 
  a independent bundesbank promoting inflationary monetary policy ? 
  doubtful . 
  happy cake day . 
  do n't know if it helps or hurts , but i 'm not actually a spaniard . 
  will enjoy the surprise * puente * though . 
  let 's say what 's really important . 
  an extra bank holiday for the coronation . 
  cocaine is used in the manufacture of many pain medicines and is a topical pain medication in itself . 
  i do n't speak dutch , but have just seen it around . 
  it just seems non-comparable the ease of learning english from dutch as compared to from french . 
  combine that with a huge amount of french language media compared to a relatively low amount in dutch because a lot is just taken as-is from english language media . 
  and i understand national solidarity and all that but there is much more reason to learn french rather than dutch . 
  i mean , learn dutch and get a small country and a half plus being able to understand a part of south africa where english will work as well . 
  or learn french which has a much larger presence both today and historically , especially if you do n't forget about africa . 
  fair enough . 
  i only explicity ever remember seeing `` frites '' in france . 
  it comes from the word ( s ) for potato in french which is pomme de terre translating literally to english as apple of the earth . 
  this has been bastardized by the germanic languages to pommes which means apples . 
  pommes frites is fried apples in french . 
  in french it is just generally frittes . 
  here french fries/chips/crisps whatever are all just called potatoes no matter what form they are and it can be confusing sometimes . 
  everyone in madrid was either celebrating la d\u00e9cima or commiserating at home . 
  not in barcelona , but just had a look at the weather and it looks like it will be around 22\u00ba and occasionally drizzly but usually we do n't get the horrible permanent overcast . 
  you definitely wo n't see any locals at the beaches for those temperatures . 
  it 's more convenient because you just carry it in your wallet with all your other cards . 
  also , slippery slope arguments are dumb fallacies . 
  the euro is the reason germany is doing so well . 
  if they had the mark it would have such a high value as to make exports unattracive and we all know the bundesbank 's attitude toward introducing inflation . 
   many european countries are ` unipolar ' meaning there is a large megacity that dominates the entire country ...  paris , london , ** madrid ** , stockholm , lisbon , prague , athens , etc you said it , not me !, 
  it 's rainy here too . 
  i 'm not even in the north . 
  but why is there such a hate even for a non-required id card ? 
  basically serves as a convenience thing for travelling between schengen and cta or for people who would like an id card but do n't want a driving license . 
  when people go out of the way to inform they are canadian other than just a flippant `` i 'm from canada '' i assume it 's a retarded american .
