  yeah , there 's already been years sunk into the ttip by the us and the uk 's departure means a lot of the negotiations are changing so it will probably take another couple of years . 
  you can bet the us wo n't even start until the ttip framework is figured out . 
  but the point is nobody is going to want to negotiate with the uk until they have their eu deal done since it 's by far the most important . 
  and the eu deal ca n't be started until the uk leaves the eu . 
  also , since it 's by far the most important , the uk is going to want nearly all of the civil service capacity working on that one . 
  i do n't think it will take 10 years , because everyone 's going to be working triple time to make it work , but it could be 3 years or so . 
  so you 're talking around 2021 before the uk can start the multi-year process of negotiating more trade agreements . 
  i assure you there are plenty of non-british european companies that are interested in whatever expansion plans you have . 
  oh , i know ... i 'm very liberal myself ( not quite sure how that goes between neo and classical , but whatever ) . 
  does n't mean things are managed well . 
  from the left or the right , the greek crisis was handled terribly . 
  a banking union is really sorely needed , as another example . 
  there 's no reason you ca n't be pro-eu but critical of it at the same time . 
  i consider myself in that camp . 
  it 's by far the best alternative out there , but we should constantly be working to better the institutions which as of right now are quite flawed . 
   before we joined , uk economic growth was slower that france and germany . 
  after we joined , economic growth has been faster than france and germany . 
  yeah , that 's what i did n't understand when the leave campaign kept saying the uk did fine before the eu . 
  just ... no it did n't . 
  seriously , all anyone had to do was mention the imf loan and the 70s in general to counter that . 
  the uk was a broken country . 
  and i love portugal . 
  so much food and you just speak with an absurd accent and everyone understands ( i do n't understand anything back , though ), 
  you 've spent too much time fraternizing with the english . 
  we only just hit 100 % of gdp and had lowered our debt load massively prior to the crisis . 
  also , spain never took a sovereign bailout . 
  the only eu help we got was to recapitalize the banks . 
  that was a clusterfuck , but the big problem in spain was always private debt , not public financing . 
  blame reuters , not rajoy . 
  rajoy does n't speak english and the statement was in spanish . 
   scotland will be welcome without long and tedious process . 
  this is the eu you 're talking about , right ? 
  it 's translated from * competencia * which is much clearer in spanish . 
  you sure they 're not going to be itching to keep out the english ? 
  it 's a major financial center with a large population . 
  dublin will do very well and punch above its weight , but there 's more people in just the madrid area than all of ireland . 
  because uefa and fifa have nothing to do with government . 
  ( thankfully ) at the olympics it 's a uk team , for example . 
  ( not that the ioc has anything to do with government either ), 
  why is having a land border an issue for having schengen or not ? 
  there 's plenty of schengen land borders . 
   spain had no problem with scotland staying in the eu whoa whoa ... nobody say anything about * staying * . 
  that would imply existing membership . 
  i think scotland would be welcomed as a new member , but i do n't know if it 's as clear-cut as an existing memory . 
   i think it 's a quite reasonable position of rajoy , maybe not very diplomatic though . 
  i think it might be a translation issue . 
  * competencia * in spanish is used just to mean the legal authority in this case . 
  while that version of competence exists in english , it 's a bit more esoteric . 
  he is not calling the scottish government incompetent , just that they have no authority to be negotiating international agreements . 
   and if you leave the eu , wether because your country leaves or because you leave your country who is an eu member , you have to apply and start from 0 . 
  i agree whole-heartedly . 
  they are likely to be in very quickly as the laws are already eu compliant , but there are other issues such as new versus existing member and it would be likely that scotland would be obligated to join the euro and schengen , for example . 
  nobody wants to prevent it . 
  but i agree with the position . 
  the ability to negotiate international treaties lies with the government of the nation-state . 
  not a nation-state , then no negotiation because there is no legal framework by why the state is established in the first place to start with . 
  basically each autonomy negotiates it 's relationship to the central state individually . 
  well , they can avoid the euro for the time being by just pulling a sweden and avoiding erm ii . 
  i imagine at some future point they will start getting serious about enforcing that obligation , though . 
  schengen probably will happen , though . 
  something something german cars . 
  ( let 's just ignore how the uk is also a major auto exporter ), 
  kumquat kingdom ? 
  that was the whole point , have the people that have great success with the university system pay them back in full to help subsidize everyone else . 
  most average people will get some form of forgiveness and now the universities are much more independent from the government for depending on their funding . 
  the payback terms are also very reasonable . 
  but the numbers are shockingly large , so people get upset when they see actual costs but i think they did well with the financing system . 
  norway also has the eea and joining the eea would be a blow in the face of democracy after the campaign that leave ran citing requirements to follow eu regulation , eu immigration , and paying for structural funds as the primary reasons for wanting out . 
  well , you still have all of those things with a norway deal . 
  yeah , i had n't even thought what the hell astrazeneca is going to do . 
  i 'm in oil and shell is in a fuck of a spot , too for their corporate organization . 
  after falling 15 cents . 
  so my point still stands . 
  again , we also have no idea this is real . 
  anyone who played the game shorting is going to want out to cash out and that puts upward pressure of stuff , too . 
  the pound is n't anywhere near recovering . 
  and while the ftse is back to almost what it was before , you have to remember that it 's the value in sterling . 
  so if you factor in the change in the underlying currency , you 're still talking close to 10 % real losses . 
  and who knows if this is real or just short covering from everyone that wants to cash out on their winning bets . 
   the european medicines agency i wonder where they will move to ? 
  i would n't be shocked if it 's dublin given the amount of pharma in ireland . 
   with time and some experience , the uk will probably be able to handle two or three of them in parallel . 
  and an easy one will take 5 years to complete . 
  so probably assume an average length of negotiation of 7 years or so . 
  the eu one will be so important that they will be 100 % focused on that meaning no other agreement gets negotiated . 
  hell , just look at air travel . 
  even in the best case of going back to the previous iteration is [ bermuda ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bermuda_ii_agreement ) hope you do n't like flying delta to heathrow or norwegian to gatwick since those are going away . 
  i think borrowing will go up if you are borrowing in gbp but will go down in other stable currencies ( eur included ), 
  i 've said that leaving makes sense if you 're a fisherman . 
  that 's why iceland would be crazy to join the eu and norway , too to a lesser extent because fishing is a big part of their economies . 
  so yes , i understand that uk fisherman would vote overwhelmingly toward leave . 
  that said , i just ca n't fathom taking their needs as all that important in a massive and diverse economy like the uk . 
  ryan just says things to make obama look bad . 
  the legislature basically has no power in negotiating this sort of thing . 
  aiui , the issue was basically that the uk would auction off licenses for quotas and due to eu laws , could n't discriminate against nationality . 
  so lower cost galician fishermen would just undercut the uk fisherman . 
  i 'm fine with that , that 's how a single-market works , after all . 
  but it was n't just the quotas in the first place . 
   militarily the uk will remain the special relationship , but economically the uk wo n't really matter to the us much . 
  they are going to have to make huge military cuts and nobody has even really talked about what will happen with the uk 's nukes .
