   1945-1975 , it was mostly bad for the british isles . 
  the long forgotten slog , after `` winning '' ww2 as a world power . 
  lets just ignore africa , then . 
  not like the mau mau thing was a big deal . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've eaten there . 
  scotland has a very recent mandate to be part of the uk and have international affairs managed by westminster , unfortunately , this means they are going along for the brexit ride if they like it or not now . 
  until they are independent , they ca n't be negotiating international deals . 
  it is what it is , timescales and procedures for that are all internal uk matters that , frankly , do n't mean anything to the eu . 
  i thought andorra was definitely not in the customs union . 
  there 's 100 % a customs border you have to pass when coming into spain . 
  now include all the outermost territories that do n't follow the same structure as the rest of their country !, 
  i basically say that what most people think of as eu is really a lot of separate agreements piled on top of each other and there is a core group that follows everything but the edges are kind of fuzzy and there are lots of little exceptions to the rules . 
  beyond that , you have to get into specifics about what each agreement does . 
  yes , i know ... i was basically joking that portuguese have colonized luxembourg and drive like crazy people . 
   i 'm portuguese but i live in luxembourg . 
  really , we can just call it portugal ii at this point , no ? 
  just like how in july you can see cars with luxembourg number plates driving crazy to the west across spanish highways and see the same cars driving crazy going east at the end of august . 
  it seems arguable as if it was portugal or brazil breaking off . 
  seems like there 's a not all that crazy argument that brazil is the rightful state to follow from the previous iteration of `` portugal '' . 
  and the current portugal is just using the brand . 
  no , but seriously . 
  portuguese motorways are limited to 120 yet people seem to only go either 90 or 160 with basically nothing in between . 
  also , getting passed people will get within a half meter of your car to get back in their lane even if they have lots of space . 
  driving is interesting there . 
  this just shows how stupid it would have been for either side to have taken a firm and overly broad stance prior to starting negotiations . 
  it 's all fine to say people should n't be used as bargaining chips but the reality is those rights are part of a complex negotiation and well ... they are a form of leverage in the real world to help make things go smoothly . 
  that really needs to be on a log scale . 
  yes , they absolutely will survive because removing them would be pushing toward sectarian conflict in n.i. 
  again and there is absolutely no political will to remove them . 
  even if ireland is with the eu as a bloc , the punitive side would be seen as the entire eu , not just ireland . 
  who ? 
  but in all seriousness , it 's a wonderful country and it 's a shame they are more or less completely ignored here . 
   yeah but would ireland be allowed to have a different set of rules to everyone else in the eu ? 
  why would n't they ? 
  that 's already the case ( irish have more rights than eu citizens in the uk like being able to vote and stand for political office ) . 
  visa issues are already the competency of the member states ( it 's fairly common for certain non-eu countries to be prioritized in immigration in eu states ) . 
  i do n't get how the eu would have any say about how a non-eu member treats immigration rights unless there is a freedom of movement pact ( which it appears there wo n't be ) . 
  i ca n't imagine political will to strip irish people of their rights . 
  it would take an active act of parliament and would do a fair amount to end stability in northern ireland . 
  triggering a50 is an internal decision for the uk . 
  as of right now , as far as the eu is concerned procedurally , nothing has happened . 
  taking stances would be meddling with internal politics which is an imagined brexit gripe in the first place . 
  ireland act predates the eu so i do n't see how it would change . 
  the status of irish in the uk has nothing to do with the eu . 
  legally , they are n't considered foreigners and it 's been that way since 1948 . 
  that 's not changed . 
   i was actually thinking more like `` everybody living in the eu or britain 1 full year before the conclusion of the brexit treaty gets permanent residence '' . 
  even then , what about voting rights in municipal elections . 
  would any local politicians who are there by right of uk citizenship now be ineligible ? 
  those are just a couple of thorns that now come to mind . 
  it 's a lot more than just guaranteed work permits . 
  spain absolutely has an eu and non eu version of residency . 
   since the uk has parliamentary sovereignity just to further this point . 
  in the uk , parliament derives its sovereignty from the monarch who in turn derives his/her legitimacy from god . 
  spain has its sovereignty derived from the people , including the rights of the king . 
  yeah , honestly the biggest issue with nato is if scotland did n't want in . 
  but that 's clearly not the case and nato is about as realpolitik as it gets , they do n't give a fuck about normal politics ( see : turkey ) just so long as it helps keep russians in check . 
   a dog does not bite another dog i 've been to thailand and can assure you that this is very false . 
  dogs there are intense . 
  are you suggesting gbp is not a freely traded currency ? 
  the point was about who issues the physical notes , and hkd notes are , indeed , issued by various privately owned banks . 
  i have a # 10 note from gibraltar that i keep as a novelty . 
  that one definitely has some limited use . 
  yeah , there 'd be a lot of pressure for scotland to join nato regardless . 
  i would n't be surprised if they use their geographic position to augment forces by allowing other nato bases there . 
  controlling the corridor between europe-iceland-greenland is a huge deal . 
   also worth remembering that the economic case for an independent scotland is much worse now than last time around thanks to the oil price i work in oil ... figuring what the price will be in 18 months is just not possible . 
  it 's a definite variable to see what will happen , but it could be anywhere and is just as likely to be high again and give a good boost to yes . 
  they actually did it in the official congressional cafeteria . 
  i went to eat there like a year after that and it still hand ' t been fixed . 
  i would n't be shocked if it was still that way because nobody wants to be the one responsible for removing the word freedom from something . 
  it was the most ridiculous thing in the world and everyone just said `` fries '' because they would refuse to say it . 
  i 've known a few that speak alright , but yeah in general quite bad at actually learning the language . 
  to me one of the most interesting parts is some of the strongest leave votes from brexit came out of suburban areas . 
  yeah , greater london voted stay but look at all the areas just outside the m25 which are still very much in london 's economic influence and you 'll see some of the strongest leave votes anywhere . 
  i just do n't believe spain is better than france in this respect . 
  perhaps i 'm just biased though since i do n't speak french very well so i have to use broken french and english in france where in italy , just spanish alone is enough to be understood . 
  we conceded that one a long time ago . 
  i straight up do n't believe that we beat italy and france , too . 
  english is awful here . 
  i mean , it should be fast , but given how things have gone , the finance side of the new state should definitely be given full scrutiny and they 've never operated independently nor had to comply with eu norms on that front . 
  i think they can do it , but it 's far from clear that finances will just automatically work out well . 
  yeah , it 's just so perfect because it 's so good to make fun of the situation while still thinking it 's just adorable and not actually any problem and anyone who had dealt with kids will empathize . 
  the only people that talk about violence are people that do n't seem to get the situation . 
  it would be at most arrests of some leaders , and the battle line will be in tax collections and economics . 
  nobody 's going to start shooting on either side . 
  also , the longest intra-schengen flight i can find is hel-tfs, 
  can you guys get your republicans to take things over . 
  baker and romney are n't bad at all . 
  lots of bars in boston openly had an ira donation box . 
  and it was very expected to throw some money in there . 
  it was september 11 that really changed thing as people saw terrorism first hand . 
  it has the longest domestic flight in the world from paris cdg to st. denis on r\u00e9union . 
  maputo would be further . 
  here 's it 's essentially the same thing as a schengen flight . 
  the biggest difference is non-eu citizens can show a residence card rather than a passport . 
  also , a driving license or recently expired id card are accepted . 
  aside from that , it 's exactly the same as schengen flights . 
  actually technically more if you are going to the canaries as that 's a customs border , even on the domestic flight . 
  cdg-run is much further than that , though .
