  companies are owned by people , tax the people receiving the payout . 
  and it 's perfectly legitimate for a company to make a profit and neither reinvest nor distribute . 
  having a big liquidity base can be very , very important for strategies . 
  i also agree that taxing corporations is ridiculous . 
  you want more money moving around the corporate sector , tax it when people take it out to use for themselves personally . 
  that 's magical . 
  prego !, 
  prego !, 
  [ not quite that long ago ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_marrakesh_bombing ) , but i agree it gets caught up in the hype of the rest of the area . 
  i mean , i would vote if i did n't have to actually deal with international postage and all that . 
  also , not voting is one of the things the embassy looks at when i 'm you renounce and i 'm planning on doing that next year . 
  so are pizza and burgers , that does n't make them representative, 
  you do n't have to have registered to get the ballot in the first place by now ? 
  normally the deadline is early octoberish . 
  yeah ... i felt the same . 
  i really wish more people realized paella is a regional thing in spain . 
  tortilla de patata would be the best dish for the entire country . 
  as someone that speaks mostly spanglish at home ... the genders tend to stay the same . 
  la mouth , please . 
  it 's kind of weird how a completely invented language mix can sound wrong to me . 
  they 're a little late . 
  american abroad will have had to have voted already unless they plan on physically travelling to where they are registered . 
  also , it 's not worth the hassle for all of us . 
  i 'm registered in the city of chicago and i guarantee trump wo n't win illinois . 
   t effectively functions as a separate country , but relies on the uk for defence etc. . . and for eu membership , it 's technically located within southeast england . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=report&amp;reference=a7-2013-0386&amp;language=en ) was the most i could find on the issue . 
  i imagine that this issue will have to make it through to the ecj sooner or later . 
  also an interesting analysis . 
  it appears that yeah ... basically the answer is legally ambiguous right now and needs a court decision . 
  well , i would imagine that the government would only guarantee about tariffs to the single market , it would be ridiculous to pay tariffs incurred globally to compensate for brexit . 
  also , it 's very unlikely that there will be any tariffs in the first place , even under wto rules . 
  the eu is more about non-tariff barriers . 
  for all the talk about car manufacturing , it 's one of the sectors likely to be least affected by the mess . 
  the problem is manufacturing is a small part of the british economy . 
  it would also be pretty inconceivable for the uk to not follow eu auto standards because of the amount of trade going on there . 
  so good for sunderland , but it does n't really address any of the big concerns . 
  really the big question is going to be what regulations , specifically , the uk does n't want to follow . 
  actually it rises in q1 and q2 since q4 will have most of the christmas shopping . 
  q2 is historically the worst of the year . 
  are those uk wide , or is that devolved to scotland and n. ireland ? 
  honestly ... 
  i have no idea , i just know how it works in the us and spain and that the mechanisms are similar to the us due to the use of common law . 
  yeah , this is really about as exciting as `` train stays on tracks and arrives close to scheduled time '', 
  gbp has fallen dramatically compared to xdr , which is about as good of an objective currency measure we have . 
  gbp also even makes up part of the measurement of xdr so it 's really a bit more than that . 
  i agree that it 's ridiculous to measure everything relative to another currency though . 
  the issue is it 's a bit of a moving target with the currency moves and it wo n't be entirely clear what happened until at least a year from now . 
  2 % annual growth . 
  not horrible but not amazing . 
  though pretty good for europe . 
  i never said anything about being good or even being happy about it . 
  i 'm saying that 's certainly better than nothing . 
  yes ... better does n't mean good . 
  better means not as bad as the alternative . 
  if it 's truly worse , why would that guy be working that job in the first place ? 
  i explicitly said things are still bad but they are absolutely getting better . 
  it 's similar to the us in that respect . 
  but a valid marriage in one country has to be recognized as a valid marriage in another state . 
  it 's basically the same issue that led to nationwide recognition of gay marriage in the us . 
  i think common law does a pretty good job of service refusal with protected classes . 
  now here 's the thing to remember , every single human being is a member of a protected class , so just refusing service to a member is n't enough , it has to be shown that it was motivated by their inclusion in that class . 
  i do n't know the situation of homosexuality with respected to protected classes in the uk ( in the us it is not a protected class , at least not yet ) but if it is included , you are perfectly free to exclude a gay client , you ca n't exclude them because they are gay . 
  it 's like brothers that do n't really like each other but still feel a family bond . 
  yeah , the salaries are way down because the unemployment is too high . 
  once enough people actually get back to work , the competition for labor will be more intense and salaries will go up . 
  for the time being , it 's better having people getting paid bad salaries rather than not being paid . 
  there 's very little way to argue this report is not better than the one before . 
  if this has n't made it through the court system , i imagine it will soon . 
  say a spanish man legally marries a third country national man in spain and then decides to move to lithuania , there is a valid eu marriage certificate that should provide the rights to spouses under eu law . 
  it 's kind of a pain to get married in spain , even as a local when compared to how common law works . 
  you have to use a civil registry to set up your wedding date and if you are n't registered in a locality , you have to use your corresponding consulate . 
  as spain does n't recognize gibraltar , they would have to fly to london just to set up an appointment to get married a couple km from their house . 
  and the wedding would still be months away . 
  at that point , it 's easiest just to fly to london , get in front of a magistrate and be done with it . 
  source : got married in spain while living abroad . 
  this is a very solid report . 
  and yes , it 's true that the tourism sector was a great push for the summer season and it was unusually good this year ( mostly due to terrorism elsewhere ) , but it 's still a great report on top of that . 
  of the approximately ~ ~ 250k ~ ~ 225k jobs added ( edit , i misremembered from the radio report ) , all but 9k were in the private sector and madrid was a region where the rate fell the most , indicating strong private sector growth . 
  again , i recognize the impact of the summer , but the unemployment rate going down by more than a percent in a single quarter is staggering , in a good sense . 
  and before everyone gets into who is counted ... first and foremost , the definition has been consistent throughout the crisis so you ca n't compare numbers that include underemployed now compared to numbers without that measure prior to the crisis . 
  and the definition of unemployed is that someone who is currently not working and actively seeking work , and no ... students do n't count nor have they ever . 
  the definition has it 's issues , but it 's consistent and is not meant to be a complete picture . 
  employment rate is also an important measure . 
  in spain 's case , absolute numbers tend to be used since the population is relatively stable . 
  the docking has been cancelled . 
  seems that the news was enough to get everyone in a twist and remind people that ceuta is not nato protected and also not actually have to support russia . 
  i 'm willing to bet it was because of french objections to possibly having to go against morocco . 
  also ... still would n't cover ceuta and melilla . 
  they are on the continent of africa . 
  it 's probably mostly ambiguous because france did n't want the skirmishes with morocco involving nato . 
  not just ceuta and melilla which are claimed by morocco but uncontested but there 's also perejil island , and pe\u00f1\u00f3n de v\u00e9lez de la gomera . 
  the latter has a military barracks on it . 
  there are a bunch of other random islands since spain basically claims up to the moroccan coast . 
  ( mostly a power move to control the strait of gibraltar ) . 
  see also : isla de tierra and isla de mar, 
  look at canada and australia if you want to see successful skill based programs . 
  that france fucked the execution does n't mean it 's a bad idea . 
  and yeah ... your alternative is just let foreigners with no jobs stay ? 
  that 's not even a right within the eu , yeah it 's personally challenging and sucks for people involved , but welcome to how citizenship rights work . 
  i do n't say that it sounds like another language .
