  finding out about all the corruption cases is a very , very good thing . 
  corruption being in the news means things are getting better . 
  it 's when you do n't hear a damned thing about it that it 's a bigger problem . 
  seriously , do you think p\u00fanica could have happened even 15 years ago ? 
  an operation against the pp in madrid while pp controlled both the national and local governments . 
   no one will bat an eye if you buy these items , either . 
  load them on a pickup truck or minibus and people will think you 're a farmer . 
  fertilizer purchases are absolutely monitored here . 
  you need a license and to be registered with the government . 
  for both security and environmental reasons ( just dumping excess is a big deal ), 
  it 's not about more or less guns . 
  i 'm all for restrictions , but if it was already illegal , then it 's a question about reviewing enforcement of existing laws rather than adding even more laws which keeps law enforcement even less focused and therefore less likely to be able to deal with the enforcement that exists . 
  and no matter what the laws are , illegal firearms are going to be a thing in pretty much any society . 
  seriously , this is a problem with information management in any pension system and the percentage . 
  actually stopping the payment when the person dies and getting it processed quickly is surprisingly difficult . 
  this sounds like it 's on the order of dead people getting an extra month , hardly something to get up in arms about . 
  i was playing with us electoral maps and it 's all going to come down to pennsylvania and florida . 
  virginia is lost , it 's only 60 % white and kaine is popular there . 
  if he gets pennsylvania he 'll have already gotten ohio which is whiter . 
  but he 's going to have to come damned close to 60 % of the white vote which is nearly impossible . 
  but either way , expect a fuckload of pro-fracking stances from both sides . 
  it 's not nearly as easy to make it about racial identity when the opponent is n't obama . 
  florida is weird because trump can get lower in the white vote because he can play easing relations with castro to get votes from the cubans . 
  expect a fuckload of money to be spent there . 
  europe does n't care either , it 's just a lot more volatile to have a dictator on your borders . 
  countries follow their own self interests and fixing problems of governance is ultimately up to the people that live in that country . 
  it 's shitty , but it 's life . 
  as was mentioned , how many european countries actually care about islamism and wo n't support saudi arabia because of it ? 
  right , but you ca n't say you 're not a native spanish speaker . 
  it 's just not true from a linguistic point of view . 
  i 'm all for local languages , but saying things that are just false just to get emotional responses is an issue . 
  and yes , even when i 'm in rural lleida , i have no problem with people speaking spanish natively . 
  you know , people still watch national tv and go to movies which are in spanish . 
  like i said , it 's not going to be one or the other . 
  my children will grow up speaking both english and spanish and be primarily spanish . 
  does n't mean english is n't a native language . 
  there 's no reason why there has to be one native language . 
  it 's pretty normal to have 2 or even 3 native languages . 
  unless you 're saying you honestly did n't grow up knowing spanish as well , in which case you 're a big outlier in catalonia . 
  if it comes to it , ireland will switch its eu language to english . 
  speaking irish is basically useless in most of ireland . 
  we do n't really know that the polls were wrong in the spanish election . 
  they just measured how things stood pre-brexit . 
  it 's impossible to know if the polls moved or people got scared with brexit . 
  barcelona city is very unionist . 
  not very surprising as they have more people from all over . 
  it also gets into carlism and the support of the fueros . 
  it 's why there 's so much more right wing independentism compared to a lot of other movements . 
  the basques would really fight being on equal footing . 
  they are quite happy with the fueros and special tax rates . 
  they tried that . 
  the central government did n't recognize its legitimacy and the unionists boycotted . 
  now what ? 
   the eu should actually push spain to let catalonia go by offering them ( and scotland ) an instant membership . 
  the eu is n't some independent organization . 
  the eu is the member states and nobody wants to promote unilateral secession possibilities . 
  france would be first to defend territorial integrity . 
  italy does n't want to play with that game either . 
  so you have spain/france/italy with a strong opinion and germany that does n't care one way or another . 
  the uk is sort of like spain in that it 's de-facto federalized but the competencies are different for each part . 
  iirc , it 's mostly because wales is actually considered under england , rather than the entire uk . 
  whereas scotland and ni both negotiate their own devolutions . 
  gunboat diplomacy is n't exactly a new thing . 
  eh , iran still has elections . 
  they will just make sure it 's only approved candidates . 
  all they 'd really have to do is park an aircraft carrier near taipei and then start with `` thank you for letting us handle your national defense under our sovereignty '' . 
  if the us is n't going to back them up , it 'd just be stupid to fight . 
  the us wants turkey in to have force projection on iran 's border . 
  so they have a fleet parked at doha and a nato member on their land border as well as a presence in afghanistan . 
  iirc , the only municipality that 's not madrid inside the m40 is pozuelo . 
  barajas is under the city of madrid , though ( and ouside the m40 ) i usually think of it like inner madrid , outer madrid between m30 and m40 , suburbs between m40 and m50 , and after that it might as well be the coast to me . 
  ( i live by atocha ), 
  no madrid ? 
  bilbao and a coru\u00f1a would make good ones , too . 
  queuing . 
  you forgot queuing . 
   in practice any man living with his parents will be unlikely to find a wife to begin with because women will see him a a manchild not really grown up . 
  you do n't hang around s. europe much , do you ? 
  it 's kind of weird to not live with your parents if you are single and live in the same area here . 
  i guess maybe after 30 something , but even then . 
  what 's the definition of `` poverty '' here . 
  if it 's the standard 20 % of the median , it 's generally not a great measure and is more measuring inequality rather than absolute living standards . 
  i remember looking this up and in absolute numbers in spain that would mean something like 1300 $ a month for a household . 
  while it would certainly be terrible in a big city , that 's very doable in many parts of the country . 
  it 's almost definitely better off than the former eastern bloc countries in the 90 's . 
  the thing is everyone was equally poor after communism so the median was depressed so there was then magically less `` poverty '' . 
  new construction in madrid is fairly limited in the center but there 's a lot in outer parts of what is technically the city but would be the suburbs in most people 's definition . 
  it 's also generally in areas that are better off ( aravaca/las tablas ) so i feel like the price is a bit inflated . 
  also , when i was in lyon , i saw very little new construction so the value of having a new place in the city of lyon , i would imagine , is much higher . 
  it was n't the munitions , it was the logistics . 
  the us had to run awacs missions in order to coordinate the radar positions of the aircraft . 
  could it have been done without it ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  but it would n't have been as effective . 
  turkey is nato , too . 
  because them being employed also creates demand for more jobs as well . 
  `` taking jobs '' assume there is some finite number of jobs to go around which is just not true . 
  economics is not a zero-sum game . 
  not just turkey . 
  tunisia , egypt , unfortunately the fear of the arab world also means fewer people to morocco .
