  but it does sound very , very similar to a venezuelan accent . 
  i ca n't tell the difference , but i 'm not a native speaker , that said my wife is from madrid and often has a very difficult time differing between canary and caribbean s. america . 
  they also have lots of local vocabulary . 
  the most famous is that a bus there is called a ` guagua ' where on the peninsula it 's ` bus ' . 
  himar gonz\u00e1lez she 's canarian and has a great accent , too . 
  i mean , you 're looking at populations , i do n't know how it 's even debatable to say that accepting college graduates will contribute more than accepting people with no secondary education . 
  and what the fuck does us illegal immigration or start up fail rates have to do with anything ? 
  god the way things are going it will be the eu side that wo n't be able to negotiate a free trade deal with the uk . 
  but the leave campaign was pretty explicit in not wanting to shut everyone out . 
  they were actually pretty clear that they said they wanted skilled immigration from everywhere and that the current situation of uncontrolled unskilled immigration meant they had to limit external skilled immigration . 
  personally , i feel like that 's a failure of british planning law being completely paralyzed to be able to build the new infrastructure needed between housing , roads , transport , etc. . . and that 's an internal problem and that 's a completely separate issue from the whole eu thing in the first place . 
  but hey ... i 'm not a briton and have no vote . 
  if you say it can always be negotiated more it ends up blocked endlessly and nothing ever happens . 
  that 's the point of putting in deadlines and now canada has shown that it actually means what it says and will be a big point of leverage in its next negotiations with someone else . 
  let 's say they want to go with mercosur or something , now the other side knows they are serious about what they say . 
  just because the eu is content with 2 decades of committees talking about how to approach setting up a commission that will investigate a problem does n't mean the rest of the world is . 
  it 's really premature to say what the absolute form of immigration to the uk will be to make such claims . 
  the leave campaign certainly was n't about closing the borders and we just have no idea what the future will hold for uk immigration policy . 
  it will honestly probably be easier for skilled immigrants from non-eu countries afterward and skilled eu labor will certainly be allowed as well . 
  i think leaving the eu was colossally stupid , but lets argue what we actually know . 
  also , for some reason , most portuguese people seem sure of the fact that we actually understand spoken portuguese because you guys understand spoken spanish . 
  like we really , really do n't . 
  it 's completely incomprehensible . 
  but there are enough galicians that do because they speak galician to perpetuate the stereotype . 
  i 'm really glad my friends have n't started with the adding emojis to photos yet . 
  but i do n't think they 've realized whatsapp has added photo edits . 
  i do n't know how it works technically , but i would n't be surprised if they would take cash or a government guarantee . 
  for big states with low costs of borrowing , it 'd be cheaper to give the guarantee given the extremely low cost of capital . 
  it 's not really discriminatory , though . 
  i 'm actually concerned about bilingual education for when i have a kid . 
  i might try to go french/spanish bilingual because since my kid will be a native english speaker , it will be bad to learn some of the bad habits spanish speakers have in english . 
  i really like the program , but they expanded far too aggressively and there just are n't enough fluent english speakers to cover the demand so you have someone teaching science in broken english so you lose a lot of meaning for both the subject being taught and english . 
  all of that said , it 's going to be much better in general as even with bad habits , this generation will be much better , i think i 'm just going to be really picky for a native speaker child . 
  poundland will have to take on it 's own spinoff brand . 
  dealz time !, 
  yeah ... imagine being an english native speaker . 
  it 's infuriating at times but sometimes i just basically make fun of it to be understood by going full espa\u00f1olizado . 
  it 's especially bad when restaurants put english things on the menu . 
  my wife still laughs at me for the time i had to order `` carrot cake '' pronounced with a full trilled ` rr ' and ` cake ' as ` cah-kay ' to order . 
  god ... we 'd do even worse . 
  it 's way too common to be seen as `` cool '' to be terrible at english . 
  is my college experience that out of date now ? 
  it was when me mixed random cheap alcohols into fruit drink mix ( great value brand , please ) to make it palatable for cheap . 
  sangr\u00eda is considered classy in the us because wine is expensive there . 
  here we use the massive 5l jugs in plastic you can get for like 3 $ . 
  i mean , if you include all the foreigners living in spain , you get a couple of percentage points there . 
  ( you 're welcome ), 
  note ... we do n't actually drink sangr\u00eda that much . 
  and when we do it 's mostly in a giant batch for a town party or something . 
  it 'd be like serving `` jungle juice '' in an american restaurant . 
  being originally from the us , it can be be just embarrassing when i 'm back there . 
  things like `` i miss spicy foods '' become `` do n't you all eat lots of jalape\u00f1os ? '', 
  and people really do n't have any distinction between spanish-speaking and mexican . 
  my wife speaks perfect english but when people hear her accent it 's all about when she came north and stuff like that . 
  thanks , hungary !, 
  there 's not a strict electoral threshold , just that there must be a simple majority ( including abstentions ) of the seats in the parliament . 
  the seats are awarded by province so regional parties have outsized representation . 
  it also means provinces where there are few seats , it 's basically impossible for third parties to enter . 
  to be clear , those are the votes to form a pp government . 
  they are n't going into a coalition and will be a minority government . 
  albert rivera is personal friends with nick clegg and has said that the lib dem 's coalition was a huge learning experience for him . 
  that 's why this is n't a coalition , c 's is still an opposition party , just voting for the formation of a minority government . 
  they will almost certainly be very loud about being a thorn to whatever pp 's plans are . 
  they often align with psoe in the asamblea of madrid , for example . 
  by not being in government , they keep their independent voting and it 's a huge asset for making things work better overall . 
  it 's another big reason i support them because they seem to be the only people who actually understand how to best make a multi-party system work . 
  they have a solid support base in madrid with business people who do n't like pp 's social shit . 
  i think pozuelo was one of their best performing areas nationally , iirc . 
  i also really hope they change allocation of mps from province to autonomy . 
  that 's a much better balance of representation and still allowing regional interests . 
  which will be interesting since it looks like vz may finally be about to pop . 
  this is really true . 
  it 's the bipartisan mentality with a multi-party reality . 
  basically in that it 's important that the other side loses as much as their own side wins . 
  i like rivera , but he 's really shitty as a campaigner . 
  i honestly think he 'd be best as a sort of backroom leader , kind of like felipe gonz\u00e1lez is in the psoe . 
  you can tell he 's gotten the message a bit since they 've started having villac\u00eds giving public statements a lot more recently . 
  do n't think it 's them being altruistic . 
  they are just against a wall and were losing votes , likely to be surpassed soon . 
  this basically ensures that they can keep a veto on pretty much any program and hopefully buys them some time to reorganize and try again in a few years . 
  in the meantime i think they 're hoping podemos loses steam . 
  i do n't like rajoy but it does n't bother me nearly as much so long as he is contained without his majority . 
  i still support them , but i 'm a pretty unabashed liberal . 
  i do n't think it 's at the same level as psoe , but calling it a twitter spat is disingenuous , too . 
  i mean the whole errej\u00f3n wing trying to take over the leadership in madrid is a bit more than online statements . 
  psoe was really fucked no matter what . 
  this way they avoid going to new elections where they 'd almost certainly perform terribly and hoping that in the time they keep it up that podemos ca n't handle its own internal divisions everyone seems to forgot that podemos is also having major internal strife as well . 
  no way this government lasts 4 years . 
  i 'm pretty sure the first picture is aveiro , portugal . 
  edit : [ this ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/max_1200/caa65333479747.56ac7b0893d09.jpg ) is the pompideu in paris [ marken , nl ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/max_1200/d4e9c633479747.56ac7b08962c6.jpg ), 
  100 % madrid , that 's exactly where . 
  you just have to have the authorization of whoever owns/has the rental contract here . 
  no need to even be related . 
  my wife and i had to live with my mother-in-law for a bit and it was super easy to register . 
  i was married for years before my wife changed her official residency to our flat . 
  the same is true of spain . 
  that 's not federal or non-federal , that 's stupid division of competencies . 
  canada is federal , too but prince edward island ca n't just come out and veto an international treaty because politics when it 's clearly the competency of the central government . 
  eh , i 'm mildly annoyed by it being such a source for smuggling . 
  that said , if they leave the eu , they do n't get to use an open border and tax policy to be a tax haven .
