  so in short ... what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  also , euromed may not be true high speed , but it 's a fine service that works almost as well , so there is n't much benefit to a true high speed service since it would only shave a few minutes . 
  as far as high speed service to the basque country , we do n't have that from madrid either , what 's your point ? 
  and valladolid is only because they are working on the galicia line . 
  that 's like calling calatayud a specific destination for the ave when it 's really just a random station where a few trains stop . 
  i would n't believe it if they said half of 25 year olds in the first place . 
  a galician could make a reasonable claim for portuguese , but even then ... eh . 
  the camino gets lots of foreign tourists . 
  my family lives in a small town on the camino so it 's really hilarious watching foreigners try to get by because english just does n't work there . 
  if i 'm around i 'll help and it 's even funnier to see their reactions when i start speaking my english with a rural us accent . 
  andorra is way more than 35 % . 
  i have no problem just speaking spanish with everyone i meet there . 
  they show movies dubbed in spanish if there is no catalan dub , etc. . 
  it 's way closer culturally to spain than to france and i would say spanish knowledge is close to universal . 
  i think this is what most bother me about the 2016 meme . 
  like celebrity deaths are mostly people who were hugely important in the 70s and guess what , they 're old now . 
  that will continue . 
  it the people that think brexit/trump , etc. . . are a symptom of the year that really bothers me . 
  like there are very real and dangerous political winds that want to undo all we have done to help make the world so much more peaceful ( and despite everything , it really is ) and we all have to fight it , but no ... it 's a number that 's the issue . 
  i 'm no leftist , but he was pretty good through the end of the bush years . 
  he was a big advocate for the us removing the hiv ban , for example . 
  he got the snowden scoop and basically went downhill from there . 
  like i disagree with him on a hell of a lot , but he used to be a respectable voice from the left . 
  just that he 's kind of gone off the deep end recently . 
  just today you had greenwald agreeing with tucker carlson of all people about russia being not all that bad . 
  also proudly tweeting a super conspiratorial oliver stone pro-russian rant . 
  greenwald had a scoop with snowden and then since then has gotten weird . 
  that whole episode has him firmly on the pro-putin train now , too . 
  it 's such a strange coalition coalescing around being pro-russian that is basically a bunch of otherwise enemies that just want to be anti-establishment . 
  obama has now made it so trump has to actively concede to russian intelligence within us borders to undo this rather than just be silently complicit . 
  it 's not that this is a particularly effective move since he 'll be gone in 3 weeks , but it 's the same thing with israel , make trump have to publicly place himself in his extreme positions rather than just be slimey and avoid the questions . 
  engineering , procurement and construction . 
  basically the people that manage large projects . 
  true to a point , but madrid will never be as bike friendly as a lot of other cities simply because of the inclines . 
  i work on these large scale types of things and i can see how a small error in a communication somewhere would lead to undersized ducting quite easily . 
  i 'm frankly shocked this sort of thing is n't even more common . 
  as far as cost overruns , i write proposals for large projects and given the time constraints we have , it 's basically guaranteed that there 's going to be mistakes and the low bidder tends to be the one who 's made the most mistakes . 
  winning a large contract is an incredibly exciting and terrifying thing because you know errors in the proposal will come back to you . 
  but really , it 's all about ability to execute these sorts of things and project execution is entirely different from manufacturing engineering that germany is famous for . 
  in a lot of ways things that make a good manufacturer make a bad project manager . 
  and not to get too stereotypical but things like adhering strictly to protocols is incredibly important for maintaining quality in a manufacturing environment , but inventing new solutions and patches to weird problems in sort of cowboy ways is essential to project management . 
  a lot of times you have you break the rules and ask for the deviation later at your own risk . 
  they fucked up the fire suppression system and it turns out it was a really , really fundamental design flaw so they basically have to go back and redo a huge amount of the work . 
  as someone involved in project work , i ca n't imagine the sinking feeling of failing the test and then realizing that it 's physically impossible to pass . 
  honestly , as far as pollution is concerned , it 's not cars in general that are the problem ( though i do think discouraging cars in the city center is a good idea for a lot of other reasons ) , it 's diesel engines in cars . 
  they are slightly more efficient for carbon emissions but orders of magnitude worse for nox . 
  the promotion of diesel for environmental reasons is like guaranteeing a heart attack in an attempt to ever so slightly reduce the risk of a long term cancer in a non-meaningful way . 
  i should note that i live in madrid center and i have a car . 
  i generally do n't drive to work ( though i am this week because of how my monthly transport pass works with my vacation combined with lack of traffic ) and i prefer to move around the center in transport . 
  that said , i 'm finishing my moto license now and will probably just start going everywhere by motorcycle unless i need cargo or i will be drinking . 
  fyi , a lot of spain rainy and does , indeed freeze in the mountains . 
  there are a lot of mountains in spain . 
  the biggest single issue is , indeed , poor design . 
  it was from not adequately accounting for the fact of rising smoke in a fire and having an undersized forced ventilation system to deal with it . 
  the airport is basically done right now , the issue is it is n't safe in the event of a fire so ca n't be signed off on . 
  i never tried to say german engineers suck . 
  german engineers are pretty good , on average . 
  just that 's also true of dutch , french , spanish , italian , polish , etc. . . engineers . 
  european engineering is pretty good . 
  i absolutely agree that the air pollution here is a major problem . 
  one of the things that happens here in winter is a lack of wind combined with the mountains to one side of the city that makes sure that pollution can only dissipate away to the east and south . 
  that said , my big problem with these measures is that they are n't really thought out as a way to solve the problem and there 's no indication that it will even make things all that much better . 
  the first stage is limiting the speed on the main highways into the city , but i have n't seen any evidence that it does anything to help pollution , and , at least with my car actually makes it worse because i have the motor at the same or higher speed only going slower because i 'm in fourth rather than fifth gear . 
  ( the speed is slowed from 90 to 70 ) . 
  i do n't know if anyone has actually determined to see how much not allowing municipal parking actually changes things , but i suspect not all that much . 
  the price is only very slightly higher to pay for a private garage spot , so people just do that and it does n't actually change behavior . 
  as far as the odd/even days thing goes , it has been tried time and again and proven ineffective at actually curbing the problem . 
  paris is taking their restrictions for the same thing away right now because it does n't work . 
  one big thing that can be done is making transport free . 
  transport in madrid is controlled by the autonomous government and not the council , which is who has taken these measures . 
  unfortunately they did n't sit down and hash out a real plan the council just basically said to make it free without providing any money ( despite the fact that they do provide heavily to the budget ) . 
  it really needs to be a long and slow political process to get all the affected councils on board with it and provide money to make transport free , at least in the central zones . 
  as it is , the things are rushed which just leads to pointless blaming when things are poorly thought out . 
  my solution would be first to prohibit diesel cars older than 20 years old from driving in the city and then every year move the age up by 2 years . 
  that way you give people enough time to deal with it if they just bought a newer diesel car . 
  i would also push the national government to have the taxes reflect the natural prices of the fuel where diesel is more expensive . 
  promoting diesel has been europe 's biggest policy error in the last decades and has led to the health crisis of pollution in the major cities . 
  the restrictions as they are are too heavyhanded and there are plenty of cases where they just do n't work . 
  how do you deal with someone from out of the city who was staying here for a couple days and now wants to leave but is now legally prohibited from doing so ? 
  what about people with jobs that do n't have public transport connections ? 
  thankfully this is during vacations , but what about parents who can only make their schedule work by driving to drop off kids at school ? 
  i get promotion of public transport , but it quite simply does n't work for everyone 's needs and telling people they just all of a sudden ca n't use their car is a huge deal . 
  also , i drove the entire length of the castellana ( main n-s axis in madrid ) this morning and did n't see a single police control point . 
  edit : just looked at the weather forecast ... this will absolutely get much worse . 
  two holiday weekends in a row coming up and there does n't appear to be any wind in the forecast for at least a couple weeks . 
  we 'll see how they react to their measures basically doing nothing . 
  ab is looking for anyway out and leased a bunch of their aircraft to lh , too . 
  the problem is that nobody wants anything to do with their operation and would prefer to just buy rights and aircraft in liquidation . 
  normally etihad is sort of an investor of last resort as part of their business is taking shitty , failed airlines and turning them around . 
  of course , that does n't always work ( see also : virgin australia ) . 
  so really the question is how much longer until abu dhabi decides to stop sending the airline cash infusions and they will just have to stop operations . 
  especially with other low cost german operations out there , i ca n't see the government stepping in , either . 
  the new airport is essentially a new terminal at sxf . 
  in theory it 's supposed to close but i would bet they keep that open as a separate terminal to keep capacity up for awhile . 
   air berlin is constantly losing passengers and is about to go bankrupt has essentially gone bankrupt a long time ago and is now only operating due to cash from etihad that can dry up at any second . 
  but , yes , there is still pressure to open so they can actually close txl and consolidate everything at the current sxf . 
  as of right now even the new ber wo n't have enough capacity . 
  my prediction is they still close txl but then just operate the current sxf as the sch\u00f6nfield terminal of ber or something like that and still open the new one to keep enough capacity . 
   only germany , with it 's strong brand of `` german efficiency '' i feel like most people who think like this have never actually had to work with siemens . 
  realistically , the engineering there is about as good as everywhere else in europe .
