  but yeah . 
  that 's the idea . 
  by the time it ever made it through to a ruling , it would be moot . 
  it 's still not foreign born if they were born in a portuguese province , though . 
  greece will never get `` debt relief '' called as such for political reasons . 
  what they will get is similar to what they have already gotten which is extending the terms much much longer which is effectively the same thing . 
  we are also benefitting from this . 
  while the extra tourism money is nice , it 's a benefit i wish did n't really exist as i 'd much rather have stability and peace than a bit of an extra push into the economy . 
  yeah , well just look at the nice attack . 
  imagine if they had to wait for the armed police to show up . 
  i find it mind boggling that police do n't carry guns in the uk . 
  yeah , invasions and conquest really do n't play a big role in european history . 
  honestly , the what-if questions just get to be massively complex . 
  obviously the soviets would have been heavily involved in a republican victory , so how would that have affected the hitler-stalin non-aggression pact ? 
  what would that have meant for operation barbarossa ? 
  if the nazis decided not to invade the ussr and spend massive amounts of resources there , would the us and uk even have been able to get their footholds in italy and france ? 
  the implications go far beyond spain considering the climate at the time . 
  part of it is that legally , they were n't colonies , but integral parts of portugal . 
  they tried the french approach but that only really works with small , isolated populations ( as france also saw in algeria ) . 
  the vast majority of the international brigades were there to promote soviet-style socialism more than anything . 
  of islamic terrorism ? 
  by and large , yes . 
  the vast majority of is victims are muslim . 
  the biggest problem with extremist muslims is n't from immigrants but their children who are born in europe . 
  if a liberation would have happened . 
  i think it 's just as likely that a victorious republic would have joined in on the non-aggression pact with ussr and then when the nazis invaded the soviets , would have been forced to the side and had to stay neutral . 
  basically ending up in the communist bloc which was probably an even worse fate than franco winning . 
  there really was no way it could have turned out well . 
  that 's what i get really annoyed by all the blame that still goes around , the wartime republicans were hardly saints and it was the most extreme elements in charge by the time the war happened . 
  was that just a couple years ago ? 
  it was definitely around there . 
  yeah , when i lived in chicago +40 in the summer and it got to -40 in the winter . 
  deterrence is for nukes . 
  there could still be a conventional war with mad making sure neither side brings out their most powerful weapons . 
  russia could have easily pushed for a legit referendum in crimea with trade leverage over ukraine and had it all work fine and internationally recognized . 
  ukraine would have hurt pride , but the anti-russian parties would basically be rid of an area that would always vote against them , too . 
  but all that would mean no border conflict which means no nato membership . 
  spain went in , too . 
  celebrating and remembering are two very different things . 
  there 's not much to celebrate regardless . 
  correct , a trial to ensure your rights . 
  non-eu citizens generally do n't have an absolute right to live in ireland . 
  it 's a privilege granted by the state . 
  the republic would have needed a lot of help from the soviet union . 
  how that would have related to operation barbarossa is crazy levels of speculation . 
  but the nazis would not have been happy to see an allied foothold on the western side of the continent . 
  the post-war relationship between the us and ussr had n't really been established , but there was little trust and the us was still mostly non-involved in europe except for lend-lease to the uk . 
  so likely ending up in the soviet sphere and what would have happened from there is anyone 's guess . 
  the whole world was an exploding powder keg at that point so a lot of what-ifs are just kind of pointless , though . 
  it 's a pretty fundamental right for a country to limit the residence of non-citizens . 
  they do n't actually have to have any reason to deny a resident permit . 
  also worth pointing out that any republican victory would have almost certainly had a government very different from the second republic that went into the war . 
  and would very likely have leaned heavily on the soviet union for support which was a poison of its own . 
  i just ca n't really picture any way that the war could have had any kind of `` good '' ending . 
  maybe if the nazis eventually took control and then spain got liberated by the allies and got marshall plan money . 
  but that 's not exactly a rosy scenario , either . 
  given the geopolitical situation at the time , it just seems really likely that spain would have become a soviet puppet state ( or at the very least something like yugoslavia ) . 
  there really was no good way out of the situation . 
  either that or hitler would have occupied the territory that was weak from from years of war . 
  this is one of those situations where all i can really say is i 'm glad i was born much later . 
  my wife 's grandma was born around the start of the war and the stories of her childhood ( which would be mostly in the immediate aftermath ) are crazy for how shitty things were . 
   everyone has the right to a trial . 
  a trial if it 's about criminal justice punishment . 
  non-citizens do not have an unrevokeable right to residence . 
  being denied a residence permit is not the same thing as being punished . 
  the divisions go back to way before the war . 
  it 's all basically rehashing of the divisions of the carlist wars . 
   crossing the road is more dangerous . 
  it 's about a third if you consider just \u00cele de france and assume the same rate as the rest of the country for road deaths ( which seems wrong as cities are actually generally safer ) it also includes all deaths . 
  it 's a crazy situation but in paris , the risk of death by terrorism is comparable to road deaths ( at least for 2015 ) . 
  the fact is it should be an order of magnitude of difference . 
  i hope you 're not saying that the current situation of multiple attacks per year of armed aggression is at all acceptable or even comparable to trying to mitigate unfortunate accidents that are just a part of being alive . 
  it was also bank recapitalization which is a very different issue and was basically a way to ensure the private financial system did n't grind to a halt rather than any issues with public financing . 
  the irish mistake was guaranteeing all bank deposits , but the problem would have been there regardless . 
  in fairness , nz may not even be on the map . 
  i ca n't understand portuguese at all . 
  i do understand galician , at least formal tvg type rather than people on the street . 
  just use that . 
  if you want to be technical about it , the sagrada familia is n't a cathedral nor was it ever intended to be . 
  it 's a basilica since it 's not the seat of the archdiocese of barcelona . 
  similarly in madrid there is the cathedral of almudena , but also a very impressive basilica in el escorial monastery . 
  the valley of the fallen also has a basilica that 's quite controversial as it was commissioned by franco and he 's buried there . 
  very creepy place that 's built into a mountain . 
   another factor is that derivative contracts ( other settled products ) are almost all governed by english law or new york law and to the extent that they get litigated they are subject to the english or new york courts . 
  are they not allowed to be subject to binding arbitration ? 
  we do all of our international contracts to be subject generally to arbitration according to the standards of the international chamber of commerce with the arbitration court in a neutral country ( e.g. 
  for intra-eu usually london , unless it 's uk where we would choose paris , otherwise usually zurich or new york ), 
  that was when she thought she would be taking office in september . 
  my bet would be october-november timeframe . 
  she said it should n't be triggered until the negotiation strategy was well established . 
  i could certainly see not allowing people who have n't established permanent residence to extend . 
  i have a friend ( spanish ) who just got a good job offer in london last may and moved there this month . 
  hell of a time . 
  it 'd probably be a pretty easy argument for a tier-2 though by the time this is all over . 
  spain has non-lucrative visas available to any retiree , eu or not . 
  since the nhs already pays for their health care , i do n't see why that could n't continue as part of a deal . 
  though it will be more of a burden with a weaker pound . 
  everyone would need to actually register , though . 
  right now the vast majority have not officially registered their residence in spain . 
  honest question here .
