  they announced that a proven sephardic ancestry would allow you on the fast track to citizenship through two years of residency . 
  really major difference there . 
  prior to last week being sephardic basically gave you the same priority as being from any spanish speaking country . 
  and the idea that proving your eligibility for a citizenship is the same thing as actually applying for it is completely bonkers . 
  i am currently eligible , applying is still a pain in the ass even with all my proof which is enough to be able to present the petition . 
  all his work was basically step zero of the process ( that did n't even exist at the time ) . 
  who 's gloating ? 
  it 's pretty much the definition of `` being able to get away with it '' . 
  i 'm the first to bitch about how germany has treated the treaties . 
  first they over spent with deficits and now they underspend with too large of a surplus . 
  but guess what , nobody can tell them no so they get away with it and can do it with impunity . 
  for spain i still think the eurozone as a whole is much better than having the peseta would be ( though i was less sure with how trichet managed the crisis ) . 
  yeah , after reading through , it sounds like he had no idea what he was doing and thought just establishing the eligibility for citizenship ( which , again , at the time only meant that you were eligible after 2 years in stead of the standard 10 years of residency ) was the entire process rather than the first step which allows the whole process to get started in the first place . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine that the ecb would n't just buy the bonds at their discounted face value . 
  scottish cgp grey . 
  i like the idea even if i have specific issues , but this does n't seem the time for grand eurozone plans . 
  there is a crisis that needs resolved within 7 days . 
  there are plenty of parcels in rotterdam . 
  i was involved in a project that was going to build one but it was based on russian financing and then the ruble did its thing . 
  i am a native english speaker and not a native spanish speaker but i 'm pretty sure i can say for spaniards that it 's the vowels . 
  all vowels get reduced to the spanish five ( english is not the only victim , spaniards are convinced fondue is pronounced `` phone-dee '' ) also where vowels in english are plastic and tend to have a lot of play , they are very rigid and short in spanish . 
  seeing as how they announced the citizenship thing last week , i really doubt someone from new york had time to gather all the paperwork , make a nice little blog about it , travel here , and get the result in time . 
  before this , being sephardi meant you were eligible for fast track citizenship by residence , but you still had to have residence in spain so the guy in the article is an idiot who does n't know what he 's doing . 
  edit : to give a realistic timeframe . 
  i 'm in the process of naturalizing and i hope to have citizenship by 2017 if things go well . 
  unfortunately in the real world , this is exactly the case . 
  and it 's not that it 's okay but the much more pragmatic , if you can get away with it , there wo n't be negative consequences . 
  welcome to life . 
  qe is n't printing . 
  it 's essentially moving forward bond maturities to inject liquidity . 
  that said , if there is a grexit and greece does n't pay bonds , the ecb can just buy all those bonds at face since they are denominated in euros and they can just print the euros to pay . 
   the only exempt countries are the ones that fought for them while the currency was still being negotiated . 
  specifically uk and denmark . 
  even sweden is `` obligated '' but they just do n't join ermii to intentionally not meet the criteria . 
   turning on the money printers is just the coward politician 's way of empoverishing the entire nation while doing nothing to actually fix the problem . 
  i never said it was good , i said it was easy . 
  i never said light or easy . 
  i think it 's wrong and shortsighted . 
  just that syriza will be able to sell it as not `` cutting '' pensions even if the end result is 10 times as bad for everyone . 
  because they have a cash flow issue . 
  spain can get bonds for much under 4 % so it 's a great idea here . 
  greece just does n't have cash to pay the bills . 
  they 're biggest concern is to make the payments each month . 
  it leads to some short sighted decisions , but it 's what 's necessary and part of what they need out of the eurogroup . 
   actually syriza brought in a system where you can pay the tax you owe in more installments . 
  so people who could n't pay can pay . 
   this is about the worst possible move in a liquidity crisis . 
  also , ecb can just do qe with public entities with greek debt which pushes liquidity and does n't actually print and because they 're the ecb , it does n't matter if those bonds will never be paid . 
   there have been four big factors that have allowed alexis tsipras to run rings round angela merkel . 
  - the guardian 's version of reality, 
  i know it 's not good , but they can sell it better politically . 
  realistically , being outside the eu will be much worse in the long run , but they are worried about getting to next month and not the long run at this point . 
   so , even if syriza 's government ends up implementing the party 's desire to force greece out of the euro , the greek pension problem wo n't simply go away . 
  it 's much easier with inflating away the value rather than cutting the nominal payouts though . 
  they can lower the value without `` cutting '' if they can print . 
  honestly , the english is fine ( i 'm a native speaker having grown up in the us ) it was the clownish tone speaking to everyone like they were 5 year olds . 
  weirdly enough , the thing everyone got on her about is the caf\u00e9 con leche is the one thing you would very rarely say in english . 
  it 's always caf\u00e9 latte or caf\u00e9 au lait or ( less common ) caf\u00e9 con leche . 
  either way , i 'm happy we did n't get the scourge that is the olympics . 
  problem is they 're speaking portuguese/galician, 
   `` gendarmarie '' is the police force , is n't it ? 
  it 's a police force that 's under military command . 
  it 's a much fuzzier line in a lot of europe where military ends and police begins . 
  it 's not `` normally illegal '' lot 's of countries have a gendarmarie . 
  as you can imagine from the name , france is definitely one of them . 
  everyone who does n't have easy eurostar access . 
  yeah , this is the big idea and why the proposal is important . 
  it basically means you have to pay taxes where you make the money . 
  i 'm a pretty committed neoliberal and it sounds pretty fair to me . 
  if a country has a high tax and has lower economic activity because of it ... well , it 's still just confined to that country but they are better able to set the policy within their borders . 
  i find uk airport security to be way worse than tsa . 
  weekend afternoons are random amercian b movie time in spain at least . 
  it 's the greek government 's jobs to meaningfully reform those systems so they cost less or bring in more revenue . 
  guess what they have refused to do despite promising and now nobody believes them . 
  and a new government probably would have had some good will to work with to actually buy some time to get it done , but they went on a `` fuck you '' rampage and managed to get everyone to hate them and now nobody is willing to trust them either . 
  i think it 's more that families tend to move to alcobendas/mostoles/pozuelo or wherever and a family with one kid will be most likely to have another . 
  though i see babies everywhere in the city . 
  it 's really noticeable how many more kids there are around here compared to other places i go in europe . 
  i do n't know if you saw my big fat greek wedding , but the crazy father figure is insistent that windex is a miracle cure for everything also as a running joke in the movie . 
   i 'm sure that you can go back through history and find many claimed debts that were never collected on . 
  surprisingly few . 
  the dutch are still paying for some waterworks from the 1600s or something . 
  there are examples of forgiven debts , but i do n't see why anyone would forgive the debts at this point . 
  so they would have to pay the old debts before even being considered in the international bond market . 
  well , if they default , they 're not planning on paying those bills anytime soon anyway . 
  so you just ignore them for now , use your ability to print currency to get government bills paid in the short term and hopefully allow for growth once the shock recession ends that will eventually allow you to start paying back those bonds . 
  just like if you stop paying a credit card , you 're first priority is to get your personal situation in order before paying back what you owe ... but you still owe it . 
  also , greece ditching the euro does n't mean that their current debt is n't also due in euros . 
  creditors would have to agree to change the terms to accept payments in drachma which obviously wo n't happen . 
  so while greece is inflating away by printing money , they will still need to convert to euros to eventually pay back debt . 
  if i were greek , i 'd have left with my money years ago to another country . 
  well allowing collapsing banks in the middle of a liquidity crisis is n't the smartest idea . 
  now that there is more liquidity in general the markets could handle this without being completely destroyed . 
  i deal with predictions on a much smaller scale in the business world . 
  the point is n't to be correct since you basically never are . 
  the point is to basically be as optimistic as possible so you can sell whatever plan you have and also to know exactly how much you need to correct by when you do n't meet your goals . 
  under target by 5 % , eliminate some non-essential functions and try and get it back on course . 
  under target by 25 % , cut any spending that is not absolutely necessary to move forward . 
  but you need that baseline to know exactly how bad things are going ( and they almost always go bad due to that optimism i mentioned earlier ), 
   ( iberia for example , which i am very not fond of ) .
