  nhs and the spanish system already have a separate arrangement worked out that is n't part of the eu . 
  spain will use this and gibraltar to try and get concessions out of the uk , though . 
  mostly freedom of movement for spaniards and fishing rights in uk waters . 
  ok ... then how do you enforce something without any force behind that decision ? 
  you tell me to pay you damages ... i say no ... then what ? 
  i mean , european portugal , but angola , mozambique , and brazil were all at one point or another fully parts of portugal rather than colonies so certainly count as changing borders . 
  it 's easier to think of it as global justice just not existing in the first place . 
  there are dispute resolution mechanisms , but at the end of the day a dispute is enforced by might ... hence might makes right . 
  it 's a reality . 
  it 's a big fucking question if it is . 
  officially , you 're correct that it 's not considered a state , but an administrative region of china for diplomatic purposes by most countries . 
  it 's actually true that it was russian before it was ukranian . 
  does n't change anything about how the takeover happened , but crimea is historically russian and was just transferred between ssrs in the 50s for administrative ease as it was n't actually changing countries . 
  russia 's actions were absolutely illegal and should be condemned , but i could se a case for them to have negotiated a truly binding referendum with the ukranian government ( and ukraine would eliminate a lot of pro-russian seat in their government , too ) . 
  that said , they want it to be illegal so there are territorial disputes so nato wo n't touch ukraine with a 10 foot pole . 
  so ... yes, 
  they really are n't and this is why when people laugh about heating in these areas it 's not like in n. europe . 
  the construction is built almost entirely to get heat away from the house since summers can easily be 45\u00ba so when it actually gets this cold , it can be very cold inside and it 's generally really inefficient to heat . 
  inflation is exactly what spain needs . 
  there was an absolutely massive collapse of private demand . 
  there needed to be a lot more cash injected than was . 
  like i said , i like the idea of the euro , but i think it was way too tied to austrian school thought and the ecb should really have a dual mandate for employment and inflation . 
  draghi has been a big plus but trichet watching demand collapse and thinking the best thing to do was just lower rates while us and uk went into full crisis control mode really , really , really hurt the eurozone . 
  it was a fuck of a roller coaster . 
  given everything that 's happened and how comparable countries ( especially italy and portugal did ) ... i 'll take it . 
  not good , but we could be doing a lot worse . 
    you 're right . 
  we need fiscal transfers . 
  the strong horse should accept to pull more than the weak horse , and the yoke should be set up in such a way as this to work efficiently . 
  otherwise , they work better separate . 
  i think it 's doable , i just do n't think it 's doable with them called `` fiscal transfers '' having things like eu and one of the things people here do n't see much but is big on my list of things to fix about the eu is streamlining how pensions work between countries and honestly some sort of common eu support fund for pensions and unemployment benefits would n't be that bad to help uneven bubbles . 
  i 'd be perfectly fine telling the greek state no more loans ... you either default or cut back massively while guaranteeing basic services to the citizens from an eu fund . 
  that would be a really fucking big stick in making sure states respond responsibly in the future . 
  at the same time it would absolutely require issuing eurobonds guaranteed by the eu rather than any particular member state . 
  it 's a lot of integration , but it 's not really a huge amount that people would interact with directly so i think it could actually happen . 
  but i mean , people claiming that the levels going on are even close to dangerous is what 's baffling to me . 
  i mean , the us program is absolutely fucking massive , and we 're 10 years on and the super inflationary pressure is ... 2 % qe to me is the single biggest reason uk and us recovered while the eurozone keeps on floundering . 
  everyone gets all pissed about fiscal policy but i think it 's become really clear that monetary policy is what made or broke the recovery from the gfc . 
  the point being there 's no danger of hyperinflation because you 're taking out the future payout from the system . 
  i mean , it 's not that crazy when you consider that in modern banking bonds are essentially another form of cash . 
  pretty much the only time hyperinflation happens is when money is created to pay for government obligations . 
  equating any inflation with hyperinflation is the big fucking problem in the first place . 
  no amount of qe will lead to the weimar republic ... period . 
  i specifically said they were negligent in keeping the situation from getting worse ( that 's a very bad thing ) , but the fact is they were not the fundamental cause . 
  it 's an important distinction to somewhere like greece that had a public spending bubble that was absolutely caused by the government . 
  100 % the other way around . 
  an artificially weak currency helps you export . 
   the risk with qe is creating a hyperinflation this is just a fundamental misunderstand of qe . 
  there is no printing of money , it 's just moving future liquidity forward but does n't actually affect balance sheets . 
  it 's inflationary only insofar as it introduces more liquidity into the market , but it is n't actually printing money like so many people claim . 
  i really highly suspect ni will remain part of the single market ( though not eu ) and the border will be placed between the islands of ireland and great britain . 
  unionists will be pissed but at the end of the day it 's westminster doing it so they do n't have many places to go . 
  it could very well lead to a united ireland in the end but it 's a workable kludge for now . 
   what we needed was to invest in infrastructure and education , and not on real state . 
  the government did invest quite heavily in those things , often too much so in infrastructure . 
  education 's a bit harder to direct nationally because it 's controlled at the autonomy level , but there certainly was a lot of money going to it . 
  the fact is the government was n't in the real estate business and it was a private bubble . 
  the government never did and still does n't have the right to determine how people invest their private capital ( nor should they ) . 
  while the government had a lot they could have done to stop the problem from getting worse or heating up as bad as it did , the spanish bubble was fundamentally not a creation of the government but an overheated private market . 
  uhhh ... source being the bank of england exists, 
   irrespective of brexit , london will remain a global financial center , and the revenue impact of brexit on financial services will be made good in two to three years ' time , '' i agree with this , but i do n't think there will be any doubt about ny or london being the number 1 financial city . 
  ny will have it by a solid lead . 
  eu will likely not have a single financial center like london , but have banking distributed between frankfurt , paris , milan , madrid , and we 'll see how dublin does, 
  the euro is a huge boost to exporting countries . 
  germany , netherlands , ireland , etc. . . all make fuckloads of money by exporting goods and services on a currency worth less than it would be going on their own . 
  it 's good for smaller countries because it helps attract international investment without having much of an impact on the currency itself . 
  say your country has a 100 billion gdp , a single large foreign investment could easily be enough to mess with the currency market which makes the whole thing riskier . 
  yes , inflation hurts people with capital and helps people with debt . 
  at a reasonable rate , wages should keep up with inflation . 
  the idea of a small , but noticeable inflation rate is to keep people from just hoarding money but to make sure it 's continually invested and being used to create more wealth . 
  so even at zero real growth , there should be nominal growth equal to inflation to help keep the economy efficient . 
  it 's not about discipline , it 's about exporting . 
  spain bigger surpluses and paid down its debt way more than germany during the boom years . 
  the problem is that because germany is a strong exporter , if germany were alone , it would massively raise the value of the dm to the point where the exports were less competitive . 
  now germany basically does n't have nearly the same effect so their exports stay cheap and they make way more money at the expense of less strong exporters and then bitch at the idea of fiscal transfers because it 's `` their money '' but it never would have been made without the monetary union in the first place . 
  i do n't think the idea was a mistake , i think the implementation was a mistake . 
  though it 's easy to look at in hindsight but the truth is when creating policies like the euro you 're never going to have a perfect version of what you want so it 's either accept the trade-offs or not . 
  i get it seemed like the tradeoffs were worth it at the time and i 'm only 30 so i ca n't really judge because i understand both sides but yes , i can say now ultimately the lack of fiscal transfers was a mistake . 
  i think the politicians vastly overestimated how many people would physically move between countries , probably because people in the political class are used to dealing with multi-cultural and multi-lingual environments and did n't really get how big of a barrier those things are . 
  that said , i think at this point , undoing the euro is an even bigger mistake because we are where we are so we need to fix it by putting a dual employment/inflation mandate for monetary policy and fiscal transfers ( even if not called such ) for fiscal policy, 
  yeah , but it allows uk to control that . 
  i think spain joining the euro was a mistake . 
  at this point undoing it would be worse , so i support fixing the ecb , but the orthodoxy that any inflation is bad that ruled ecb for a long time and refusing to do qe is a big reason why the continent continues stagnating . 
  they do n't want you to think it 's an answer , but in the uk the police can not compel you to produce id because having id is not a requirement . 
  here in spain they absolutely can and you are required to produce your id . 
  flying here , even domestically , absolutely mean producing id . 
  iirc , the kingdom of denmark is not an eu member but it 's the country of denmark that is under the kingdom of denmark that is so it 's not really the same thing . 
  sort of why dutch caribbean citizens are eu citizens despite not technically being eu territory because the kingdom of the netherlands is a member and they are citizens of the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  this shit gets into legal semantics really fast , but it 's important . 
  gibraltar is not in the cta and is considered a separate border . 
  it 's also not technically a part of the uk , but a british overseas territory . 
  they just use the uk 's eu membership to be part of the eu . 
  it 's really quite the political kludge . 
  assuming you are flying ryanair or easyjet , it 's an airline policy , but not a legal requirement if you fly ba you absolutely do not have to sho id . 
  a good example in spain is that there are various alde members that do n't particularly like each other based on their position on the catalan issue . 
  the eu explicitly rejects unity for long-term visa and even citizenship policies . 
  it 's up to the member states and that 's that . 
  with customs yes but not with immigration . 
  the visa laws for residency are very , very different between countries . 
  long-term visas are 100 % competency of the member states .
