  include uefa then . 
  yeah , but he retired and is quite content with a private life . 
  it 's not really compatible with being the current leader . 
  ireland is a pretty beautiful country and they speak english and it 's cheap to get there . 
  tierra burrito in madrid . 
  enough said . 
  i am from the us and speak english with a very american accent though . 
  i guess people are weirded out by hearing my spanish and then switching to usa english with an obviously irish name . 
  i do n't bring it up but the irish people i talk to always seem to bring it up to me because my name is very irish . 
  you guys do n't have much room to talk there . 
  at least around here more americans have a passing familiarity with spanish . 
  is it easy to rent out a place there ? 
  get steady income in pounds to cover the mortgage and have a house + asset on the return . 
   the reason for deflation is the sinking oil price , that 's the final straw . 
  it has been a problem due to demand collapse for years . 
   focus on the us and potentially cause substantial global defaults , possibly causing banking crises in those countries , or take a more global approach that may not be in the best interest of the us . 
  has n't yellen said that the fed only cares so much as it comes back to affect the usa ? 
  i mean , they have global effects but the bank is run to benefit the us , so i do n't see why they should take global factors that do n't really impact the us into account . 
  germany manufactures a lot of industrial components that absolutely have price as a deciding factor . 
  it was really obvious from the very beginning that it was n't eta . 
  eta are assholes , but if they went after a civilian target , they would call it in beforehand . 
  they were n't about mass casualties , but rather inflicting property damage . 
  they may have gone after guardia civil , but they are military so seen as a `` fair '' target . 
  the fact that they went for those trains at rush hour when they are absolutely packed was pretty obviously islamist who generally try to collect as many casualties as possible . 
  and i 'm saying being prepared for a large scale conventional war against china and russia at the same time is pretty ridiculous . 
  right now keeping russia contained regionally and surgical strikes against jihadis ( keeping focus on aq rather than isis ) is what the ideal global hegemon strategy is right now . 
  i suppose keeping china in check in the s. china sea and a bit of a threat toward iran but priorities are crazy . 
  see but if i say `` give me things for free '' your response should n't be `` this is why i need to give more things away '' . 
  it 's perfectly rational for this side if we get things for free . 
  it 's not rational to just give things away for free . 
  why would europeans pay for it if the us will provide it for free ? 
  right but even being able to have 2 deployed at any given time is more than enough . 
  i get being able to ramp up quickly to all out war levels , but there is no need to maintain that constantly . 
  the us could still do everything it does for 75 % of the money right now . 
  a lot of the money issues are in procurement and development of tech . 
  things like why do you need 10 aircraft carriers when 6 could impose world dominance quite well . 
  this is definitely helping bring business to the eurozone . 
  project that are significantly larger than previous ones are coming out to the same price when sold in usd . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  i 'm not actually sure how it works , but canaries are excluded from the vat and outside the customs union . 
  it 's that way pretty much everywhere . 
  if it 's reinvested , it 's a business expense and can effectively lower your profit . 
  the thing is , as a business you will eventually want to take out the profits but it 's a way to nudge the capital toward business growth rather than tapping the business . 
  that 's a horrible system . 
  it 's very real . 
  it 's forced perspective to make them appear closer together but it 's definitely a real photo and it 's an example of how spain has to deal with actually enforcing a land border of schengen and a lot of the issues around that that a lot of other countries do n't really want to think about . 
  ( things like hot returns and how to deal with massive assaults ), 
  it 's a great idea , but extremely busy , slot limited airports is a limited market . 
  the question is if you can sell enough to a very small market segment to make the massive investment worth it . 
  and now the a380 will start to compete with itself as companies start to sell their first deliveries . 
  it 's very much an open question and no question that it has generated a lot of revenue , but it 's a question of degrees and if it has generated enough revenue . 
  also , using a foreigner incorporating in spain as opposed to a local in delaware is a bit tricky , too . 
  not saying it 's good , but adding things like a translator to a required cost . 
  well , not if you are from spain and everything is in spanish . 
  also a local would use a cheaper gestor rather than a lawyer . 
  but yeah ... same idea . 
  usa has really good laws regarding personal financial matters . 
  they really are a good model to emulate for that sort of thing . 
  and there was a massive housing collapse . 
  and mortgages are not non-recourse . 
  you can see why it 's a major problem . 
  i do n't think they are evil by any means . 
  i am from the us so from my pov liberal is generally conflated with left leaning and neoliberal to be the european definition of liberal . 
  i 'm a big supporter of them , actually . 
  they actually base their economics on economics rather than populism . 
  * psoe is the establishment center left * pp is the establishment center right ( currently in power with an absolute majority ) * podemos is leftist anti-establishment * cuidadanos does n't really fit left or right though they are generally very neolibiral . 
  they have their roots as a catalan regional party but on the stay with spain side ( so they have the potential to really disrupt the whole catalonia nationalism movement ) . 
  their big push was to allow for personal bankruptcy ( pp adopted the position in an attempt to subvert them ) and make a lot of labor and business laws more efficient . 
  it seems highly likely that nobody will get an absolute majority so the coalitions will be interesting . 
  i think it will probably be ciudadanos and pp along with whatever regional parties want in as podemos has vilifying psoe as one if it 's main points so there is little likelihood for a pact . 
  because the idea of there not being enough workers is about basically being able to skim off the top of other economic activity to pay for things for the state . 
  if there is more private sector work , those people have to pay taxes that come from outside the government budget and then pay for things provided by the state . 
  this is already an incredibly simplistic way to look at it as the state can play a function of a short term collapse in demand ( consumption ) in the wider economy , but by trying to get the government to sustain itself primarily through government spending ... well , ask the soviets how that works . 
  in the end the state exists to facilitate society and not the other way around . 
   so for every old person that retires we create 2 jobs , one to fill that position and one to care for that person ( this is clearly not exact just making up numbers ) . 
  except that 's not how it works in the real world . 
  as the people caring for the old people tend to be state workers and so also take away from the state budget . 
  it means less money that can go to education / infrastructure / other economic development . 
  right , but if those old people are n't working , they have to be cared for then . 
  it 's much more expensive to care for old retirees than young people . 
  i know it 's shitty , but from the perspective of the state in the short term , it 's better to have the old people working as they take less and contribute more that way . 
  your situation assumes that there is the same amount of work and the same people and both are static . 
  clearly the best situation is to have both young and old people working and contributing . 
  your scenario kind of discounts the `` more work '' idea by saying there is somehow a fixed number of jobs and so long as old people do n't retire young people ca n't work . 
  those two assumptions are more or less mutually exclusive . 
  but , old people tend to make higher salaries so contribute more to social security that they use at a higher rate . 
  they are also not drawing on pensions funds so long as they stay working . 
  it 's the same fundamental problem if there are that many old people in the first place . 
  it 's usually better for a societal standpoint for the old folks to be working and making typically higher salaries to support themselves than make the youth that typically make less support those old people . 
  in your two scenarios , the total support levels are the same in both cases . 
  and old people cost a lot more to support . 
  the ideal situation would be having a younger population , either through births or immigration . 
  is n't it the highest capital in europe ? 
  a lot of people do n't realize how many mountains are around here . 
  but you ca n't really blame lockheed for that . 
  there were so many change orders than came through that any original cost estimate would have been meaningless . 
  that sort of thing is about the client being willing to control costs . 
  at some point comments and minor changes are commonplace but the way government procurement works means there 's basically no way it 's going to end up cheaper . 
  you ca n't really fault lockheed for trying to charge as much as they can . 
  it is their job after all .
