  they 've gotten a lot better in the last few years now that they are part of iag . 
  the new business class cabin is fantastic . 
  i agree . 
  greece fucked themselves , but a lot of people saw the whole austerity debate . 
  and since english language media tends to focus on uk and us , that austerity debate absolutely was a choice so people think it 's always that way when it 's just not true in greece 's case . 
   i get frustrated when people wo n't understand that austerity is not an ideology and it just happens when your country does not have the money to spend so you have to reduce your expenditures or stop increasing them . 
  in fairness , in the english speaking world it was a big debate and choice following the crisis . 
  austerity in the uk was very much a choice as was the spending at the federal level in the us . 
  neither the us or the uk had lost the trust of the people buying bonds , though . 
  greece is backed into a corner through decades of poor management . 
  you know there are those of us that realize that economics is a balance between supply side and demand side and going too far in either direction is seriously detrimental . 
  the problem is it has to go through the national parliaments so last minute is n't really viable . 
  is it actually illegal in greece ? 
  i mean , i 'm not going to fault anyone for following the rules of the game as they are set up . 
  yeah you may not like it , but that means greece needs to change the rules . 
  i 'm an immigrant to spain from the us . 
  so the fact that english knowledge is absolutely terrible here has been an amazing help for my career . 
  it 's partly because us exports the media and also because those languages are already heavy on the american style ` r ' . 
  whenever i hear a bad imitation of a us accent , it 's basically just adding way too much emphasis on the ` r ' . 
   and i believe leaving the eu is not as far fetched as some may think . 
  especially on the aftermath if greece indeed leaves the ez . 
  yeah , everyone seems to forget free movement of capital is a fundamental freedom of the eu . 
  it 's completely incompatible with going off the euro . 
  i thought it was dutch . 
  edit : i am 100 % wrong and i have no idea why i thought that . 
  no whatsapp ? 
  seems like a pretty glaring omission . 
  justeat is a pretty great way to discover new places that deliver around you . 
  though if i really like a place , i 'll start ordering directly from the restaurant so they get a bigger cut . 
  fair enough ... even more reason for it to be completely no impact in the end . 
  but it 's not done per item , it 's just the total at the end of the bill . 
  so buy 3 things at x. 99 and it becomes x. 97 which rounds down . 
  and again , if you pay with a card it 's just the exact amount . 
  when i am in nl they use the exact value if you pay with a card otherwise it 's just rounded to the nearest 5 cent value . 
  i believe it 's a 60/40 for if the rounding goes up or down , so you are slightly more likely to have to pay an extra cent ( basically if it ends in x.x3 or x.x8 ) but it 's works out well enough to be worth not worrying about it all . 
  so if i hear you right , you can give more money out if you 're poor ? 
  i agree ... fuck math . 
  yeah , everyone seems to be concentrated on the moral hazard arguments within europe , but the imf has to worry about moral hazard for every crackpot dictatorship that goes bankrupt . 
  i do n't think spain/italy leaving the euro is a realistic possibility at this point . 
  but the imf is worried about marginal states in africa/asia that can just come back with `` you did it for greece '' and be totally right . 
   forcing greece to concede and give in will be the only objective that the ecb and imf will forcus [ sic ] on . 
  creditors ca n't force anything . 
  they can just set their terms and it 's up to the greeks to set it . 
  it 's a game of chicken , but it appears greece does n't understand how one plays . 
  since they are the ones demanding the credit and also the ones with the most to lose . 
  eu says no and it will hurt for a little bit but wo n't be catastrophic , greece will have all of their problems even worse and will no longer have any access to credit so will have to start printing just to pay bills . 
   ... or that they are n't interested in any deal , and instead are personally invested in burning every political bridge to make a deal politically impossible , thus making the dreaded grexit an inevitability , whose political responsibility they intend to pin on others as the outcome is completely contrary to what the greek population demands . 
  i honestly do n't think they are that good of politicians . 
  they do n't have experience running large organizations and have always been the typical european far left group that like to yell about shit but never wants to actually be part of the solution . 
  they are like the dog that finally caught the car and has no idea what to do , from a practical standpoint . 
  i just see them as in way over their heads . 
  hah , adelson came really close to building a massive casino complex in madrid but gave up when they would n't bend enough laws to suit his needs . 
  a chinese group saw the idea and swooped in and is now going to do the same thing and make the money off of it and actually revitalize a run down part of the city in the process . 
  they 're basically eating his lunch because he threw a hissy fit . 
  if anyone has a spare hour , [ this episode ] ( http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2015/05/nicholas_vincen.html ) of econtalk was really informative about the background and a lot of supporting information about why it 's such an important document and how it actually came about . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than it 's usually presented . 
  plenty of dems , too . 
  hillary is one of the biggest israel hawks around . 
  though the simple answer is aipac . 
  a company that size would get most of its liquidity from the commercial paper market but yes they would be exposed to some risk . 
  how is it different from everywhere else in the world ? 
  i read that , and my question is how they measure that . 
  if it 's by citizenship , it 's a poor measure because of how it works here . 
  how are the differentiating between `` full fledged '' european and someone who naturalized . 
  normally they just go by whose citizens are moving where . 
  also , if the families are moving back with kids , those kids would count . 
  by paying to insure their accounts . 
  and companies should n't be that exposed to cash in the first place . 
  they could have not guaranteed 100 % of deposits . 
  that was a pretty amateur mistake and could have just raised the limit another 100k $ or so . 
  it would attract some capital , but it would n't have been the destabilizing event of people looking to have accounts worth millions insured for free basically . 
  are they counting people that immigrated to spain and got citizenship that are moving back ? 
  if you are from latin america you can apply for citizenship after two years of legal residence here , so most latin american immigrants are actually spanish citizens at this point . 
  but allowing yourself to be taken advantage of is clearly not the same blame as doing the taking advantage . 
  just because someone made a mistake in not actively preventing them from fucking up , does n't mean they are at all to blame for the fuck up . 
   europe needs to decisively put an end to the crisis as soon as possible . 
  it 's becoming more and more clear that this is by forcing greece to leave not just the eurozone , but the entire eu . 
   i 've listened to a lot of interviews to tsipras and varoufakis . 
  they really are some of the dumbest fucking people i 've ever listened to despite how they are glorified . 
  i do n't agree with them but i would n't call them dumb . 
  i think unserious is probably the better term . 
  they 're the kind that always liked to have `` what if '' political discussions but have never actually had to run any large organization . 
  now that they are , their biggest failing is thinking strategically when they need to be thinking tactically because they are so used to just having academic thought experiments with no consequences . 
  but that 's like saying the people that designed a car without locks are really the ones responsible for getting the car nicked rather than the thief . 
  i get that the rest of the eu did n't go about it right , but that does n't make it not greece 's fault . 
  and believe me , i 'm the first to point out how germany flaunted the rules as well . 
  but here 's where realpolitik comes into play . 
  germany had and continues to have the economic muscle to be able to in a safe manner and many smaller countries just do n't . 
  i do n't like that , but it 's true . 
  but the difference is that the muslims were a different state that was expelled through conquest . 
  the legalities of that are pretty well established . 
  the jewish population was expelled by the spanish government right after the formation of spain as an entity . 
  the current government would be a successor state to that government . 
  i also think it 's disrespectful and would n't go out of my way to do it personally , but i will defend anyone 's right to be disrespectful . 
  does n't mean i have to like them or agree with them . 
  basically , even if it 's just to piss people off , it needs to be allowed . 
  also ... trichet in charge of the ecb in that moment would have been just terrible . 
  i would say there would be a short term plunge just because there will be a lot of risk priced into the euro . 
  long term it will be a much stronger currency . 
  though by kicking greece out they would effectively kick the can for the real structural problems until the next crisis which could be decades away .
