  i respect the decision , but i really , really do n't understand it . 
  i want kids so bad . 
  i used my mobile for free in the uk a couple weeks ago . 
  gran v\u00eda is already shit and never moves but it 's true that we need another major way to get east-west in the city . 
  a tunnel from col\u00f3n to moncloa would be really useful . 
  of course that 's already one of the parts of the city with the most buried infrastructure . 
  it would cross 5 metro lines and two cercan\u00edas tunnels . 
  plus the new ave tunnel . 
  do n't you know , it 's a secret law , but you can be sure it will have everyone 's best intentions in mind . 
  they just ca n't present it because half the people may not like it , but it will be good ... they promise . 
  they do pay taxes . 
  but most countries do n't make you pay taxes at home for money you spend and earn abroad . 
  the us is pretty unique in that aspect . 
  but the gift was to the xunta of galicia and not anything with madrid that would determine corporate taxes . 
  also , i do n't see it as criticism but something that is kind of noteworthy for being weird . 
  i do n't judge any of the three for their decision . 
  i honestly did n't know if know rajoy had children or not . 
  he does a good job of keeping his family out of the spotlight . 
  i know zapatero has daughters because of [ this fantastic photo ] ( http://imgur.com/a/turnz ) . 
  i know of at least one of aznar 's kids because he was involved in a scandal with the family . 
  ( worth mentioning his wife was also high up in the party and mayor of madrid , too ), 
  http://www.elconfidencial.com/empresas/2015-10-11/sabadell-y-caixa-no-cabalgan-juntos-oliu-prefiere-madrid-y-faine-se-iria-a-mallorca_1054364/ there you go . 
  and i mention because international presence of finance is one of the fundamentals of economic projection . 
  the efta is basically just ruled by norway who is the most important member by an overwhelming amount . 
  norway does have important relations with spain . 
  spanish contractors building their infrastructure basically and while catalonia is an important domestic market the international reach is really limited . 
  la caixa is pretty international but even they said they 'd move to madrid in case of independence . 
  the political landscape is very fluid in spain right now , changes to the constitution that allow a referendum as a part of a pact to form a government is n't that crazy of an idea . 
  podemos actively supports a referendum even if they are unionists and for the foreseeable future , they are going to be needed to form a government of the left . 
  it could also be a future vote catalan nationalists , basque nationalists , podemos , and psoe that would paint them into a corner . 
  it will probably be what happened last time they tried this . 
  independence will win with 80 + % because the unionist side boycotts and does n't see the vote as legitimate . 
  and we 'll be right back where we are now . 
  the hardest of hard brexits . 
  exactly what you guys need right now . 
  you have 21 months and the clock is ticking yet ca n't start negotiations . 
  snp could only really go down since they did so well in 2015 . 
  well , here we go !, 
  but there already is a high speed line from paris to barcelona that 's not that far out of the way and includes connections at lyon which is a much more connected city . 
  i 'm guessing the issue is just signalling and how long the stops are . 
  the average speed is always going to be lower than the highest rated speed for the line . 
   i ca n't believe that 6 % of guardian readers vote tory i definitely lean right and would be a lib dem in the uk . 
  i pretty vehemently disagree with the guardian 's opinion pages but their pure reporting is pretty good , although definitely biased sometimes . 
  but it 's good to try and challenge yourself and if they state `` x is true '' i 'm pretty inclined to believe x. 
  ( it may be missing context or have some other aspect that is important but not wrong ) . 
  i do think the best editorial board in the uk is ft , fwiw . 
  i do n't know if that many people use the barcelona - paris connection all the way . 
  still seems far better to just fly . 
  high speed rail generally has its strength in the up to about 750 km of range . 
  start getting much further than that and flying becomes a much more attractive option . 
  the barcelona line is already entirely high speed . 
  it 's about 6h from barcelona to paris . 
  going by lyon is n't that far out of the way and it makes some amount of sense for connectivity . 
  it 's actually a pretty reasonable time since everyone seems to calculate how fast it would be based on max speed and not taking into account any stops ever . 
  taking into account stops and slow sections , averaging 200 km/h seems pretty good to me . 
  yeah , in no way can you just make a high speed track in a straight line like that . 
  the whole millau viaduct just shows that you either have to have a huge project or just go to either coast and go from there ( not to mention the pyrenees ), 
  ethiopia is doing pretty well and kenya just opened its first railway in a century or something like that . 
  east africa is n't so bad . 
  but yeah , i agree west africa is on the right track and honestly the intervention in the gambia was a pretty positive sign that they are committed to actually making things work . 
  ( i get it 's in their own interests , too ), 
  much better than the ennui train . 
  nobody cares if that one arrives . 
  good luck telling people to stop using minutes/hours/days as well as units like calories or even \u00bac for temperature . 
  i do n't think people would be too keen on a pleasant 300 k day compared to a frigid 270 k day, 
  just metric . 
  km/h is n't si for example . 
  well 1 $ and raising 7 billion euros in capital . 
  just a small detail . 
  i would say that while iran is pretty dead set against sunni terrorism , they do n't exactly have clean hands . 
  particularly with hezbollah and the iraqi shia militas . 
  they do want to be a regional power and counter ksa and that does mean interfering in those conflicts . 
  also worth remembering they are pretty unabashed supporters of assad 's forces in syria . 
  while true , there was definitely a lot of enthusiasm for the war effort in the us . 
  by the time war actually came around the whole america first movement was pretty much dead . 
  granted it helps when you do n't actually see the shitty side of war first hand , but there was real pride in sacrificing to contribute to the fight , primarily in europe . 
  it make a lot of sense with fishing in particular . 
  norway does n't have to open it 's waters to any eu country wanting fishing rights . 
  iirc , statoil would n't be allowed as a national oil company under the eu either . 
  are we pretending spanish people swearing about something is an indication of any sort of emotion ? 
  i ca n't tell you the amount of times i 've said `` putos coches '' while walking around the city but will happily drive and suddenly it becomes `` putos peatones '' . 
  i actually think it 's pretty interesting how they compare and how they change with local markets . 
  the sweet potato ice cream from mcdonald 's hong kong is amazing . 
  i 've had some pretty good spicy burgers at mcdonald 's in thailand . 
  i do n't know if we still have it , but there was a mcib\u00e9rico here . 
  obviously i 'm not only going to eat there , but , like i said , it can be interesting and hey ... free wifi with instructions guaranteed to be available in english . 
   why do spanish people hate china ? 
  what ? 
  were n't we the only country to actually send a national leader to the silk road event . 
  spain is all about the chinese investments and we have a ton of chinese immigrants . 
  oh i know ... i grew up there . 
  i 'm just saying what the general attitude from europe is . 
  i do n't even see hostility toward trump supporters from europe . 
  just an idea of a general kind of pity that they are in a shitty situation and he took advantage of them . 
  i do n't feel quite so kind as i 'm from a republican area and a lot of them really are shitty people . 
  the economist is pretty pro-eu, 
  but the question is if it 's worth the costs that will be astronomical compared to existing high speed rail that 's still pretty good . 
  we have proof that supersonic passenger air travel is possible too , it 's just way too expensive to develop for basically two or three viable routes that cost many thousands of dollars per ticket . 
  greater employment helps grow gdp and reduce expenses and will naturally lower the deficit . 
   in the last week i 've given up on debating this topic .
