  also , most people used to driving lhd cars use the line on the left side of the car to orient their road position , you really need to change that to the right in rhd countries . 
  but since everything is designed for traffic to flow that way , it 's not much of an issue . 
  this is why i want non-recourse mortgages . 
  the argument of trying to blame the banks or the borrowers is stupid because it was clearly both people not being financially sane . 
  non-recourse is enough pain for both borrowers and lenders as opposed to ~ ~ know ~ ~ now where the bank will get paid no matter what . 
  you live at home since you 're young so do n't care about rent/utilities and even food is mostly paid for except for eating out . 
  total necessary expenses are probably around 250 a month if that . 
  so young kids who are bad with money are able to pay 1000 $ a month on a car even if it 's half their income . 
  and as was mentioned , that was the low end of the salary range . 
   it accelerates really slow after 160kph . 
  german problems, 
  air france 447 :(, 
   so , all you mountain people , can you wrestle the sea ? 
  can you weather the gale ? 
  the mountain is a complacent old crone , but the sea is a fickle mistress . 
  let 's just wait for some galicians to chime in here . 
  yeah , this is sort of the hidden side of the terrible unemployment numbers . 
  there are basically two completely separate economic realities now . 
  there 's people with education who have some struggles , but generally are starting to do better and people without studies where it just seems like there 's no hope if you do n't have a job . 
   if the us really wanted to prevent illegal immigration , surely they 'd insist that the irs confirm the legal status of people applying for their itin numbers before they give them the ability to work legally in the country . 
  when i held jobs in the us , i always had to submit an i-9 declaration which was the right to work legally . 
  the other thing not mentioned is that it 's really easy to just illegally work for cash particularly in food service and construction . 
  the advent of prepaid cards effectively serves as a banking system as well that you can use to not have to operate solely in cash . 
   the eu has basically 0 % risk of an american illegally immigrating . 
  i mean , it happens but it 's nowhere near on the same scale . 
  it 's mostly just teaching english ( which helps add local value ) and it 's usually just morons who somehow think the law does n't apply to them rather than people trying to truly migrate to set up their lives long term . 
  so yeah , i agree ... just thought i 'd add some nuance . 
  i 'm a us citizen and have specifically avoided holidays in both brazil and china because getting the visa would be a pain in the ass . 
  i also wo n't really consider russia for a holiday destination for the same reason when i have so much more available without annoying visa paperwork . 
  ummm ... airside transfers without formally entering are absolutely a thing in europe . 
  travelling from turkey to the us via frankfurt would not require a formal entry into schengen . 
  you will have to get a quick document check to ensure you do n't need a transfer visa , but that 's not remotely the same thing . 
  also , in europe , you go through customs at your final destination , not where you enter the border . 
  also , a vatican passport is effectively a diplomatic passport for that reason . 
  heh , when i go to my grandparents house and my 185 cm self and my wife both have to fit in the 135 x 190 bed we do n't get to have our own space at night . 
  also , doors in the town are often at 175 -180 cm . 
  i hit my head a lot . 
  i 'm 185 and seats on public buses are terrible . 
  it 's one of the greatest thing about traveling to n. europe . 
  things are made for people my size . 
  also , it 's fucking terrible to find shoes greater than 46 here . 
  i can manage a 46 in some brands but i 'm normally a solid 47 to the point where a 46 just wo n't work . 
  i buy shoes on vacation . 
  it 's that laws that specifically target foreign investments while having your country 's investments protected in that foreign country . 
  regulations that damage profitability are generally allowed but they have to be equally applied across local and foreign companies . 
  my house was built in 2004 and has one . 
  it 's also really useful for cleaning up before/after sex without having to shower everything . 
  someone working illegally in the us can earn more than a lot of regular jobs in romania/bulgaria and it 's much easier to find work than in a lot of european countries . 
  polish people can even find some polish speaking communites in the us , particularly in chicago . 
   our judiciary fulfills those fair trial standards . 
  i mean , because the national courts have an entirely different mandate . 
  if a law is passed that is against the treaty , the national court will read it and say ... `` yup , that 's the law '' . 
  i did n't mean to imply it was anything malicious or anything , and you 're correct . 
  but europe does put a lot of importance on it . 
  it was probably always going to be a necessary part of a deal . 
  at least something like what happened with champagne in the us where people who got grandfathered were allowed to continue but any new entrant has to call it `` sparkling wine '' . 
  til organic farming is n't an industry . 
  yeah , and considering that the us has historically ignored a lot of doc regulations , that 's noteworthy if it 's coming from the us side . 
  but it 's still all pretty moot at this point because negotiations are a long way from being done . 
  they teach a really weird mix . 
  some of the vocabulary is really peculiar ( i tried it out and they use emparadero for ` sandwich ' when most of the world uses ` sandwich ' as spelled in english for example ) but yeah , spanish varies a lot more by country than english ( well mostly , ignoring indian english which is it 's own beast ) so trying to teach one version of the language is weird . 
  but at a basic level it does n't really matter , once you start getting a lot more advanced consistency with a country 's variety matters more . 
  also , you can get by with speaking spanish in portuguese speaking places , especially once you get the trick of just putting an insane accent on things . 
  but you ca n't get by with portuguese in spanish speaking places . 
  russians can have surprisingly good accents . 
  i still contend that french is the best language to learn if you are university aged now . 
  i am convinced that business growth in africa will be insane over the next half century and that africa now is like where asia was in 1950-1960 . 
  burying the m30 was fantastic and the ave tunnel will be a lot better once there is an ave connection to basque country/asturias/galicia . 
  it 's ridiculous that i have to fly to bilbao if i want to do a reasonable same day trip . 
  the brutal truth is those `` earnings '' would n't be so high without the euro . 
  greece did n't enter the euro through honest means so all of those earnings of the millions are not quite so honest . 
  i know it 's harder to lose money , but if things were done well , there would n't have been as much money going around in the first place . 
  obviously it 's as a population and not individuals , but that 's how society works . 
   to whom did i lend money and am not giving it back ? 
  you ( as in the greek population ) got more in government services than it could pay for in taxes . 
  so that 's how the money got to individual people . 
  of course it affect real people , but i do n't see how it 's controversial to say a country is responsible for managing itself responsibly . 
  well , it 's not a legal obligation at a sovereign debt level due to the nature of sovereignty . 
  greece can perfectly legally just stop paying . 
  but it would mean leaving the euro and operating without debt financing on a positive cash flow basis which is n't that pleasant . 
  yeah , but not accepting the loans meant austerity as well because greece did n't have the money . 
  are you shocked that people lending money care about getting paid back ? 
  well , you do n't get to set the conditions for other people to lend you money so voting about austerity conditions is stupid . 
  so they voted to have other people give them money because they also voted to not default . 
  and no loans means austerity has to happen one way or another . 
  you ca n't vote for no consequences for actions . 
  in a democratic society , the people are responsible for the government that represents them . 
  and why is greece not free to default ? 
  not wanting the consequences is n't a valid reason . 
  it was at the instructions of the greek government to appear better . 
  while they were complicit and certainly bear some responsibility for not reporting things better , but they were doing what they were asked by a sovereign state . 
  greece was free to use better data and standards , they were also free to not have borrowed so much in the first place . 
  and again , they are still perfectly free to default . 
   i am tired of ignorant people telling me it 's somehow my own country 's fault . 
  well then whose fault is it that the greek government borrowed so much ? 
  greece has been and still is perfectly free to default on the loan repayments . 
  yeah , my politics is generally to the right , but those places are racist cesspools . 
  i do n't know anything about his politics but i suspect i would oppose mr. kahn on policy , considering the party he is from . 
  i could n't give a fuck about how he prays . 
  ( also praying to the same `` god '' as christians so ... whatever ),
