  that it 's basically useless . 
  i sit to watch a movie with the wife who will be very interested in the first 20 minutes until she inevitably falls asleep and i just stay online until late . 
  i mean , yeah it 's meat flavored , but it works . 
  it 's hard to explain because it obviously does n't have the texture and umami as meat but the taste is good with chips/crisps because it 's salty ( since it 's cured meat ), 
  yeah , but if you go for high quality , an ib\u00e9rico de bellota is heaven on earth . 
  well yeah , but we are going for what powers technically exist . 
  at the end of the day everyone truthfully has power in so much as people will follow them , regardless of any official rules . 
  well , i grew up in the us , so rarely see my parents . 
  but i do live with my wife and we live like 10 minutes from my in-laws . 
  i imagine we will probably end up living with my mother-in-law at some point in the future because it would just make a lot of sense . 
  i mean , you have to distinguish between technically having real power and being completely politically unfeasible to use that power . 
  for example , here in spain there was a coup attempt by the military in the 80s and the king used his role as head of the armed forces to order them to stand down unilaterally . 
  so an extreme situation . 
  i think i could imagine a situation where the king would veto some military operation alone , but i find it hard to imagine a government here being that militaristic in the first place . 
  i think british people or a lot of northern europeans would say kids here are horribly misbehaved . 
  but they would also probably say the same about the adults . 
  i think a lot of people not from here do n't get the difference between a bar de barrio and a restaurant where it 's normal to just me more social with everyone in the former . 
  spanish cured meats would be a massive hit there . 
  due to the immigration patterns , italian ones tend to be more prevalent , but ( sorry to any italians ) the spanish jam\u00f3n is far superior to prosciutto . 
  spanish chorizo and salchich\u00f3n does n't really have much of an equivalent either . 
  ( to credit the italians , mortadella is probably the best for what it is , but it 's not really in the cured category ) in the same vein as your post , we have jam\u00f3n flavored potato chips which are always a big hit when i travel to the us . 
  as far as what would be big in the us here ... the thing is we have most us stuff . 
  it 's big as sort of a niche thing . 
  in madrid , quality burgers are actually getting to be pretty popular ( while burgers are universal , they are largely shit in europe ) . 
  it 's an absolutely global trend . 
  honestly even in india and a lot of african countries where you would n't really think of it as being that way . 
  even very poor people have smartphones now . 
  only we get to do that . 
  yeah , i should read my n\u00f3mina more often . 
  it has a lot of money for health and pensions . 
  i mean , i 'm fine with paying my part and understand i do well , but it 's definitely good to know exactly what is being paid in my name . 
  there 's a phrase i have n't heard in a loooong time . 
  yeah , full disclosure for not being native , but i always understood the phrase to just mean not understanding in general , not just conflicts . 
  no idea of the true origin . 
  the funny thing is it really happens , but the opposite way . 
  a contract for 40 hours means you 're really expected to work 50 and that sort of thing . 
  absolutely hilarious . 
  oh yeah , i know . 
  it annoys me too when people ca n't distinguish being part of the irish diaspora with actually being irish . 
  i absolutely consider myself part of the former but not the latter . 
  i mean , i only see it as particularly having an impact in my life with being raised catholic ( and even then , a lot more cultural than actual catechism ) i still have yet to go to ireland but it 's pretty high up on my travel list , i just want to make it a couple weeks and drive around the whole island . 
  patria is fatherland . 
  same root as `` padre '' . 
   because of syria and iraq , you can not do much of middle east strictly overland these days you can go from turkey directly to iran . 
  my favorite thing to do around irish people is just not mention ancestry at all even though it 's really clear from my name that i 'm part of the diaspora . 
  i speak english with a us accent to add to it ( i 'm originally from there even though i mostly consider myself spanish now ) eventually , about 80 % of the time the irish side of the conversation will just give up and ask about the name and my ancestry . 
  i just enjoy turning the stereotype on its head . 
  and be sure to see the local flamenco in barcelona . 
  you 're the worst kind of person . 
  be sure to order your tortilla without onion . 
  also we are very interested in foreigners ' opinions regarding the civil war and the catalan issue . 
  * yes * yes , it 's run at the autonomy level so actual administration varies depending on where you live . 
  * i 'm not sure how much specifically goes to health but it 's all part of social security taxes which is quite a large part of my paycheck . 
  ( especially if you include the employer part ) it works out to a few hundred euros a month ( but i have an above average salary ) edit : i was curious so i just looked to see how much is paid and the vast majority of social security is paid for by the employer based on my salary . 
  if you count the employer contribution as mine as well ( i certainly would , since it 's what i cost ) then social security works out to be just under a third of my total salary . 
  you ca n't figure out what is pensions and what is health care but it works out to quite a bit of money per month . 
  ( someone making 36k $ would have something like 1000 $ per month in contribution , but remember that only 5 % or so of that is directly from that salary number because of employer contribution ) * urgent care and hospitalization is very very good . 
  i would n't think of using private care for something serious like that . 
  getting to a family doctor for something minor or less serious issues and particularly mental health can have waits and scheduling issues . 
  i use private care for a lot of regular stuff because i travel for work and need to be able to change appointments . 
  * no real doctor shortage as far as i know . 
  they have to turn people away from studying medicine . 
  * this is going to be an inherently political question but i think it could use some more funding but is certainly functional . 
  research is the area that needs a lot more funding . 
  well ten of them were a single bill and so add the remaining 17 over 230 years with some major upheaval and a few of them are just procedural issues and it 's not a lot , really . 
  driving caravans to spain on the other hand ... 
  we have pretty strong seasons in madrid ( it does n't get frigid , but it can definitely get to below freezing ) so i do n't generally have issues the temperature , but i do have issues with humidity . 
  i 've been so se asia a few times and i do n't think i 've ever been so hot as hiking around the jungles there . 
  why do you think we all leave in august ? 
  i do n't think it 's like us road tripping culture but yeah , when i was young and just out of school here we definitely had a few times where we decided it would be fun to just randomly grab some tents and head to a beach camping for the weekend ( mind camping is nothing like the us either ) . 
  i do think there is a similar idea between the us and spain of a car being some sort of symbol of freedom to just go wherever you want . 
  especially with how rural a lot of the country is . 
  i find the people who talk about how a car is more of a problem than anything ( not talking about within cities ) are the same people that do n't use cars so they do n't know what they are missing out on . 
  that said , i do know some people that decided that it 's cheaper to just hire a car for whatever weekend they want one than to actually worry about owning one . 
  personally i think even in madrid at least having a shitty car that can get you to the suburbs and around a lot of the outlying areas may not be a necessity , but is massively convenient . 
  i would n't call him left at all . 
  he 's just liberal so right on economy and left on social issues . 
  that 's why i think if it ends up being him and fillon , he will have to try and get leftist voters who might stay home out so he will try to scare them with everything where fillon is more conservative which is mostly social issues . 
  i think second round is most likely to be macron le pen and he would win that one massively . 
  remember polling errors are less pronounced when there are more people because the options are n't mutually exclusive . 
  for example being 2 % off in the second round means a real difference of 4 % since those votes must go to the other candidate . 
  i can deal with the eu without the uk ( though i 'm annoyed they 're leaving right as they were about to get a breakthrough on the services market freedom ) , but i would n't want an eu without uk and france . 
  italy and spain are n't enough to be a counterbalance to german/dutch dominance , particularly with respect to monetary policy ( where uk was irrelevant anyway ) . 
  i would support spain unwinding the euro as orderly as possible without the french to counterbalance the germans and dutch . 
  the project is dead without france . 
  i really do n't like nationalism , but the fact is the project is still the sum of various nations and not a single identity . 
  it might get to be `` european '' in the future but it 's nowhere close yet . 
  i do n't speak french very well ( though i do get a bit ) but \u00c7a plane pour moi is a hell of a song to get a party started . 
  the original is good , but i 'm particularly fond of the [ team genius ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oxd7pygmhg ) version . 
  did people really not like the uk ? 
  like i 've always thought of them doing their own thing and being kind of weird and insular , but never resentment . 
  i would probably move back to the us at that point since the eu would be fucked and i do n't want to be around for the fallout . 
  i 'm an unapologetic liberal and i really hope macron can lead a revival of liberal politics that seemed to be on the rise with blair in the uk but basically got fucked because of iraq . 
  to me this election is about the viability of third way , pro-european liberalism . 
  i 'm actually quite optimistic , and i think macron will win if he makes it to the second round because no matter who else makes it , more people will vote for him to oppose le pen/melanchon/fillon / hamon more than anything else . 
  he 's a very viable `` anyone but x '' candidate . 
  it will be interesting if he changes his tone for the second round depending on who it is . 
  i suppose he will talk allot about social themes if it 's macron vs fillon to try and bring in the left , otherwise probably wo n't change at all . 
  i think any of the other candidates are very deeply flawed and it 's anyone 's guess without macron in it . 
  when a family member decides to do something stupid with their future , you do n't hate them for it , even if you think it 's a terrible idea .
