  well the us justice system . 
  because the bonds were issued in new york , under ny/us law . 
  check the flair . 
  by `` here '' i mean spain . 
  there were plenty of offers on the table . 
  and we are already 2 weeks past the original deadline . 
  i like the idea , but they fucked up the execution to the point of just being a straight failure . 
  an interesting fact is they can and do seize assets that are within their jurisdiction . 
  the problem is there is n't that much owned by greece outside of greece ( embassies and military are off limits ), 
  because those creditors have rights in international law . 
  they will seize any greek assets they can . 
  there are actually procedures written out for this sort of thing . 
  you ca n't take embassies or warships . 
  but , for example , they can force the liquidation of the government 's share of hellenic petroleum if they are in a local jurisdiction . 
  sint maarten/aruba/cura \u00e7ao does n't count now ? 
  within the nationalization , all savings in greek banks will be immediately converted from euros to drachma . 
  probably on a 1:1 basis . 
  greece will have to withdraw from schengen since they will need to institute capital controls and make it illegal to move large amounts of cash in and out of the country . 
  being caught with the cash will likely result in it being forcibly converted to drachma . 
  if they have n't voluntarily withdrawn from the eu at this point , their membership will likely be suspended for gross violations of treaties . 
  at that point who knows what happens to greek people living in europe on freedom of movement rights . 
  i would hope they are honored if issued prior to this crisis . 
  at that point , greeks would need a visa to even visit schengen as they are just another balkan country with no visa-free treaty negotiated . 
  unlikely they would impose visas on other europeans though as tourism will be one of the best ways for them to get foreign reserves into the country . 
  it 's entirely possible to unilaterally use a currency . 
  most of the time the smart move is to create a straight peg to allow for devaluation if you want ( this is what panama does with the balboa/us dollar ) there are also cases of just straight using another currency . 
  ecuador 's currency is just straight up us dollars . 
  the problem is you need to have pretty good fiscal policy since you have zero control of monetary policy . 
  if greece could manage their fiscal policy , they would n't be in this mess in the first place . 
  i do n't think anyone here actually wants greece to fail . 
  that said , if shit goes south fast , you can bet all 3 major , non-podemos parties here will make sure everyone sees the image of pablo iglesias celebrating arm-in-arm with tsipras ad nauseum until our elections . 
  yeah . 
  by tuesday, 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  the original deadline was in the first part of june . 
  through an old rule , they got it to 30 june . 
  why did n't syriza schedule this referendum earlier ? 
  i still think it seems pretty reasonable risk for a 7 day extension basically saying the vote is for either complete capitulation or no deal . 
  the lesson being , syriza are really bad negotiators . 
  i mean if it comes to that , i ca n't imagine the backlash for the incompetence of scheduling a referendum on 5 july for a deadline of 1 july . 
  it 's not like this option did n't exist last week . 
  i grew up in the us and i will say us hospitals certainly look a lot nicer and you can tell they try to limit costs in the public hospitals here . 
  i do n't mind that though since the quality of the treatment in the end seems to me to be pretty similar and it keeps the cost to society down . 
  though everyone everywhere seems to get indignant when they hear cost based decisions in medicine . 
  all of that said , i use private care in spain not for quality , but because i travel a lot for work and scheduling is pretty strict in the public system , especially for specialists , and i need flexibility on appointment time . 
  you 're not going to see the big movements of the bank run because it 's keystrokes transferring from iban el ... to iban de ... 
  i mean , if they default because syriza did n't schedule a referendum on time ... that 's a new level of incompetence . 
  i think allowing a 1 week extension from the imf is within the realm of reason as well . 
  i know they are n't allowed to , but it seems like a rule you could get away with breaking based on the condition of the referendum . 
  there is no fundamental reason why the referendum could n't have been for tomorrow . 
  honestly , i think it 's pretty viable to get a 1 week extension with the condition of the referendum . 
  i really dislike syriza , but that actually seems pretty reasonable to actually have an in/out answer . 
  especially since the troika is likely to get their entire package if greece decides to stay . 
  they are lying . 
  i think it 's fair to present this question to the people of greece , but the fact that they are lying and just inventing reality based on what they want is morally despicable . 
  i think it 's a good thing because it really is a fork in the road but it truly is a question of capitulate and stay in the euro or leave the euro all together with all that implies . 
  exactly , i do n't think they will be too accommodating if the same thing happens explicitly without their blessings . 
  the fact is you can break the rules if you can get away with it . 
  that 's what the definition of getting away with it is and cyprus could because the state was willing to work with them . 
  it was also a fundamentally private issue that only hit the government because of banking insurance , it was n't a fundamentally bankrupt state . 
   motion of censure ( is this the corrent phrase in english ? ), 
  no confidence vote is generally what is used . 
  they 'll basically be forced out . 
  remember that freedom of movement of capital is one of the fundamental freedoms of the eu and it is incompatible with introducing a currency . 
  they 'll have membership suspended if they are lucky . 
  nobody wants this to be a precedent that is set . 
   see the uk and usa spamming to support it though since their currencies benefit with a ` smooth ' collapse of the euro and to hell with greeks . 
  it 's generally better for countries to have lower valued currencies . 
  negotiating time is over . 
  deadline is in 3 days and they might get a slight extension because this is definitely an innovative way about it . 
  but make no mistake that they are voting for accepting the troika 's proposals or greece unilaterally withdrawing from the ez/eu in order to inflate away . 
  i agree it 's a complicated decision , but lying about the consequences at this point is just shameful . 
  qe is n't printing . 
  it 's essentially moving forward bond maturities to inject more cash that needs to find a place to grow . 
  especially since turkey is also a nato member . 
  illegal guns definitely are all over the place . 
  i think a lot more than a lot of people think . 
  it 's just the consequences of being found out are pretty high . 
  it 's controversial to say the least here . 
  if ela is stopped greece will withdraw themselves since the alternative is clearly worse . 
   food : 800-1000 holy shit , kids can really eat . 
  greece is perfectly free not to take their money . 
  the whole beggars ca n't be choosers thing comes into play here . 
  granted they do n't like the consequences of that either . 
  it greatly depends on the demographics of the change . 
  the people migrating to the uk are generally there to work and so are contributing to pensions and nhs and the like and are able to support more elderly people . 
  if you have a decline of the working age population , the people remaining have to carry more weight to support those that are n't working ( elderly , children , infirm , etc. . ), 
  that 's a fair point just so long as you remember there is a cost of exchanging . 
  though i do love what transferwise has done to that market . 
  i think it has shown the need for deep , market-based , reform of the system . 
  but that does n't mean you can just ignore the laws that are in place . 
  lots of things would be cheaper if you could do them illegally . 
  i 'd bet taxes are less than you think being on the road that much . 
  you often have weird tax exceptions and end up paying a lot less than you would think . 
  the travelers in your office all save huge amounts on their income tax because they only pay based on what they earn while physically in spain . 
  that seems crazy low for engineering . 
  i always get told i should move to the uk to get more money . 
  in what field are you in ? 
  do they offer euro denominated investments ? 
  i do n't want to add currency risk on top .
