  thats perfect and when you should think about short sleeves, 
  yeah . 
  i think at some point my wife and i will actually have to have her parents move in with us . 
  we have enough money but it 's just easier to live together with family if everyone gets along well . 
  a good analogy i heard was the n. europe tends to protect workers while s. europe tends to protect jobs . 
  not surprising which is more effective and adaptable when thought of that way . 
  ideally it gets fixed in a sustainable way by more and more people having shit jobs which is better than no jobs and eventually people know they have a backup so can have more power when negotiating for salaries . 
  the whole point is legally the new country is n't a third country . 
  that 's why the german precedent matter . 
  germany is n't a successor state to west germany , it 's the same government and constitution . 
  they are both the bundesrepublik and retained their membership in all treaty organizations without having to reapply . 
  that 's also why ireland pushed for that model with germany . 
  the idea is to just have the north absorbed into the republic rather than create a new constitution so it would maintain all membership in international organizations . 
   just like with gibraltar what was provocative about the statement with gibraltar . 
  they said that an agreement made with the uk may not apply to gibraltar since gibraltar is n't a part of the uk . 
  and spain , as an eu member , will have a veto over any future trade agreement involving gibraltar . 
  i mean , slovenia will have a veto , too but that seems a lot less relevant . 
  ireland is a hypothetical country now ? 
  the whole point of ireland pushing the german reunification how they did and all of this is that it 's not two countries merging to form a third country , it 's one that ceases to exist while the other absorbs it . 
  important difference . 
  i just got an sms this morning about how my company is happy to let me know i 'll be able to roam for free in the eu without affecting my international package . 
  mighty nice of them to follow the law and all that . 
   `` balkans amirite '' is a popular narrative both here and elsewhere , sure , but i think it serves a different purpose . 
  it goes `` well yes of course your country is corrupt , but what did you expect , you 're balkans amirite . 
  now stop complaining . '', 
  this has been the thought for a looong time . 
  hell , kaiser wilhelm went on vacation after franz ferdinand had been killed because he thought of it as just another balkan shitshow and it would be the same as ever . 
   surprisingly enough , they are acting as if the eu does indeed recognize the possibility of `` scabs '' . 
  in what way ? 
  ireland has been a full member for a long time . 
  the only part they are n't really a part of is schengen for obvious reasons . 
  i 'd be willing to bet they 'd go schengen , too if the island united . 
  for awhile even they were way worse on these maps and it was the 3 economic islands , basically . 
  portugal was always doing better than spain . 
  the property boom just hit spain much harder simply because portugal does n't have as much sunny coastal areas . 
  i 'm just happy it does n't just appear as all in the worst category except basque country , navarra , catalonia and madrid anymore . 
  i 've never actually been a working adult anywhere with an unemployment rate under 10 % ( including in the us , actually why i ended up in spain ) and i 'm 30 . 
  it 's going to be really weird when things get good enough that jobs look for you . 
  i mean , we 've had them for around a year now . 
  they are delicious, 
  but even if it 's s\u00e1nchez , they still were n't able to make a deal when he was in charge before . 
  i do n't see why they think they 'd be able to now . 
  if they could answer that in the first place , then pp would n't be in charge right now . 
  i agree with psoe that it 's all just a show to pretend to care until that question is answered concretely . 
  i would say the solution is to tax the consumption . 
  we want to create as much value as wealth as possible . 
  i would be for a basic income but with a steep consumption tax . 
  that way we tax the wealth as it 's being used . 
  also , perfore anyone gets on me about it , i 'm perfectly fine with wealth inequality ( please note that this is not the same an income inequality ) so long as there are opportunities for lower classes to also have significant gains in wealth . 
  what about having maryland absorb basically everything but the national mall , white house , capitol , supreme court and some of the immediate areas where practically nobody lives ? 
  that way you keep dc as a non-state seat of government , make it so it actually makes sense for it to be federally administered and give the people representation through a standard state process . 
  virginia already took their part back a long time ago and there are plenty of civil agencies with headquarters in maryland and virginia already so i do n't see why that would matter . 
  we could just make the americans see cookie notifications on every website routed through europe . 
  that 'll be sure to work . 
  wait ... russia has had golden oreos for 10 years !, 
  i guess i do n't understand why live there if it 's not that great in the first place . 
  i mean , if a french person wants to live in the caribbean , there 's options that , you know , are france . 
  a lower income but generally nice area . 
  it 's fairly common for transport to be limited in wealthy areas in general . 
  keeps the riff raff out and all that . 
  same reason why there 's only a shitty bus line through la moraleja . 
  i work in oil and gas and i know some people that get sent to arab countries and really , really hate their culture . 
  so yeah , i 'd bet people working the gas fields . 
  very , very few people see themselves as `` african '' . 
  algerians and moroccans see sub saharan africans as taking what is theirs . 
  the senegalese will think people from cameroon are coming in to ruin the country . 
  it 's protectionism all the way down . 
  and there are massive differences and migration patterns within africa . 
  europe tends to view it as a monolithic place but there are huge wealth gaps that cause people to move around , too . 
  even within areas we would consider very poor . 
  i mean , yeah living on 10 dollars a day may be poor to us , but it 's a hell of a lot better than someone living on 2 dollars a day . 
  but in rich countries we tend to view that all as `` poverty '' and that 's that . 
  yeah , west africa ( and africa in general ) can be crazy religiously conservative . 
  they seem to really take to a lot of the crazier baptist elements of us christianity . 
  it is n't that crazy considered how much influence the imported africans had on southern baptists . 
  they are still communists , after all . 
  i 'm surprised at how well macron and fillon did in cuba . 
  i love that hamon beat her there . 
  atocha puts me somewhere near hungary i guess ? 
  i came for a 9 month assignment in 2010 . 
  still here and love it . 
  i agree that the deactivation criteria was an issue and would agree if that 's what the legislation took care of and that 's it . 
  the guns used in the jihadi attacks recently were manufactured in russia and never legal in the eu . 
  considering we have plenty of schengen borders with russia/belarus and ukraine ( where there is an active warzone ) it should n't be shocking that the source is mostly smuggled weapons . 
  we should work to make it harder to smuggle . 
  i last lived in chicago and i actually thought it was fairly reasonable there . 
  no idea how it works in ny/ca . 
  but it was essentially do a class , get a license , then make sure every firearm is registered . 
  like it makes sense for it to be at least as stringent as a car , for example . 
  the big problem with illinois is every little municipality has its own laws about actually transporting the gun . 
  that said , i just used a lock through the breech of my shotgun which made it inoperable for transport and that was fine . 
  i actually think it 's possible to be pro-gun control and think that it 's fine if civilians own firearms . 
  they are n't exclusive statements . 
  like nobody 's worried about the government taking your car because you need a government permission to use it and every vin is in a database with the number plates and all that . 
  nobody is arguing for us style gun freedom . 
  the main argument is firearm regulation is currently adequate with some minor problems on the edges ( the deactivation issue ) . 
  the big problem is n't with the regulations , but with the enforcement of them . 
  adding more rules does n't change the enforcement problem at all and only hurts people who follow the rules already . 
  i mean , do you think the ak47s used in paris were somehow legal and tracked ? 
  the population of israel is less than the population of hong kong which is , by land percentage , mostly rural and about one tenth the size of israel .
