  most restaurants do n't open for dinner until 21h or so . 
  yes , along with that , it 's normal to get a bottle that 's already opened with your meal and not think twice about it . 
  i was going to say , i rarely see it in spanish unless it 's for something particularly formal . 
  especially in emails unless it 's an introduction or something like that . 
  absolutely . 
  i generally use private doctors because i travel a lot for work and may be called away without much notice . 
  though i have to say i would almost certainly go to a fully public hospital for an urgent issue . 
  my local government provided care was transferred to a private operator and i have to say i 'm pretty happy with them . 
  though i do n't go often and only really have a yearly dermatologist appointment since i 'm very , very white and need to worry about skin cancer . 
  being 30 i seems to either feel really old or really young depending on the situation with not little in between . 
  i thought the dutch master plan was to reestablish doggerland as dutch territory . 
  the whole superior portuguese towels thing is a stereotype to this day . 
  i got portuguese towels when i got married . 
  ( in fairness , they are good towels ), 
  is racing consider a team sport ? 
  i mean ... kind of . 
  f1/motogp is up there , too in that case . 
  italians speaking spanish are generally pretty great . 
  like the accent is strong , but the phonetics are similar enough that they basically just change the grammar and vocab where appropriate and i really enjoy it . 
  also , since the languages are pretty similar , they generally keep the same flow without thinking about it too much . 
  american living in a fully national system here . 
  do n't think private market healthcare is inherently bad because it 's private . 
  learn to have a massive distinction between government paid and government provided . 
  ( americans are really bad at distinguishing those two things in general and it 's weird ) be willing to compromise and do n't let anyone 's perfect be an enemy of something that 's pretty good . 
  also , if government is paying , do n't give up the right to use that purchasing power for negotiation leverage . 
  companies should n't be forced to sell to anyone , but governments should negotiate for their best deals . 
  also , and this is a big issue . 
  at some point , people are going to have to decide how much a life is worth . 
  like literally , in dollars . 
   spanish  we can all agree upon pick one, 
  belting `` doo - doo - do - do - do duh duh duh '' during an anthem is quite fun as well . 
  i still think , particularly with a mortgage , it provides a lot of protections for what to do if the relationship ends and dividing assets since all assets become common property so if there is a split in your case you end up having to figure out exactly who ends up with what and then each own the house by half with no considering any other assets which are basically all taken on an individual basis . 
  so you just want to make piecemeal arrangements that act basically like the same thing as marriage despite the fact that there is a ready made legal arrangement called marriage that does it all much easier ? 
  it 's a strictly legal arrangement between two people and the government , any spiritual or emotional baggage you attach to the term is on you , not that marriage exists in the first place . 
  i 'd be curious to know the ages of people responding here . 
  i 'm 30 and very happy to be married . 
  it means i 'm not under threat of having to renew my visa to be able to live with my wife . 
  it was very stressful figuring out where to live and how to do it legally before we were married . 
  actually that 's exactly what marriage protects against . 
  it 's much easier to just leave without the legal contract . 
  she is just as much bound to it as you are . 
   i 'd argue that at least in the uk it has gone from being a commitment of responsibility to something you ` do ' , the big party with all the associated bits seems more important than the actual agreement and i sort of do n't need to spend money on the party bit . 
  that said , if people want to get married , great , it 's a nice sentiment and the event itself does bring families together too . 
  so what happens when one of you ends up in the hospital and your so is n't next of kin ? 
  what happens if one of you gets a job abroad and now needs to get a visa as a spouse ? 
  https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/family/living-together-marriage-and-civil-partnership/living-together-and-marriage-legal-differences/ not exactly meaningless . 
  in spain people do n't really support the monarchy because they love the king , there is support because being republican is seen as the same as being leftist . 
  you 're in luck that as of june 15 , no more roaming charges will be applied . 
  so if you just need data , buy a good one when you first need it and it will work all throughout the eu . 
  note : i 'm pretty sure switzerland is n't part of this deal and non-eu roaming can be bad . 
  i 'm kind of surprised andorra is that low for speaking . 
  that part of lleida around it is very much so catalan first and spanish second . 
  if i were ever looking for a monolingual catalan , i 'd probably start near there . 
  yeah , in spain it 's pretty normal though there is a big urban/rural divide . 
  in madrid people mostly do n't , but it 's not like someone things you 're crazy if you just start commenting things with people around . 
  if you are in the countryside , you might be considered kind of rude if you do n't start talking with the people around you . 
  i guess it 's just more social where there 's more sun . 
  people who are visiting the us , especially in a tourist town like that are typically fine with it . 
  it 's part of the charm , after all . 
  in the us there is the north/south thing , but it 's much more urban/everywhere else . 
  i have family in cleveland and everyone talks to me in the suburbs there , but when i 'm in houston or atlanta , everyone leaves me alone . 
  that said , the idea of just talking to someone like you actually know them is just a lot more american in general . 
  we absolutely do small talk with strangers here in spain but it 's just ... different . 
  in a way that 's really hard to describe and i would say most people who have n't lived in both environments would n't get it . 
  spain is so diverse it 's hard to say that there 's any single place that 's like the rest . 
  galicia is completely different than andalusia which is very different from catalonia , etc. . . and of course madrid and barcelona are both giant cities and have all the typical trappings ( people with less time for strangers and generally in a hurry ), 
  i 'm 30 and will still occasionally go and just buy a bag of the gummy coke bottles . 
  sooo good . 
  i mean , how else do i stay entertained while waiting for the toros ? 
  i think people confuse being productive with working hard . 
  in a shitty system , it 's perfectly possible to work very hard and not be very productive . 
  greece does have a productivity issue , but it 's not due to lack of effort . 
  media in spain is a shitshow . 
  for pure news , [ efe ] ( http://www.efe.com/efe/espana/1 ) is probably best . 
  it is just plural tuteo . 
  primark is shit quality but i do love their underwear and 2,50 $ plain t shirts that are essentially disposable so i do n't care if they are bad after 10 washes . 
  i think it 's actually pretty similar to the us . 
  that 's how most of it happens there , too . 
  i have known some people that use tinder and say it 's very active in madrid , so it definitely exists . 
  and there is definitely the invite them to hang out somewhere to get to know them thing , too . 
  i will say it 's expected to split the bill unless explicitly said otherwise . 
  the dirty dancing thing is true . 
  the dance with someone and you 're in is definitely false . 
  that said , i just kind of fell into a relationship through a friendship and got married . 
  i never really `` dated '' before that either in the us or spain so i 'm probably not one to ask . 
  so you 're saying i should just talk to random people at the bus stop and be sure to sit next to them on an otherwise empty bus to continue the conversation ? 
  got it . 
  the us is in another league for talking to strangers , it 's just completely normal in a way that i 've never seen anywhere else . 
  that said , as far as european standards go , we 're generally pretty chatty . 
  it 's not weird to talk with someone at a bus stop or waiting for the doctor or something like that . 
  adding another caveat , you kind of have to read the situation and if they appear uninterested , you should shut up . 
  as in the us , talking to strangers is much more common in rural areas than the cities ( but it still happens everywhere ), 
  the dutch military is fairly capable . 
  they are a very important partner in afghanistan . 
  i would definitely add the apartment bombings , putin 's handling of the second chechen war and his becoming president . 
  * late 90s to 2004 . 
  the aznar years and the economic boom was really heating up . 
  people 's lives were getting materially better in noticeable ways . 
  * 11 march 2004 - the madrid train bombings . 
  this effectively ensured a change in government , spain pulled out of iraq and elected a much more progressive leader , zapatero .
