  `` get more taxes by fixing the system '' is not an economic plan . 
  yeah , but it 's not like a full state either as it does n't control monetary policy, 
  i 'm trying to see how they are worse off for this and coming up at a loss . 
  i guess having to see those muslims that are paying for things locally must be really stressful . 
  when i first moved to spain , i was an `` intern '' for a long time and it did n't bother anyone . 
  it 's a nice way they have to get around a lot of visa requirements as interns can be on student visas . 
  granted i was making a decent amount of money , so there 's that . 
  i think this is the cultural sticking point . 
  a lot of internships in the us are like a true labor market ( with the option of being able to exclude yourself and go work somewhere else or just sit around doing nothing ) . 
  in europe , it 's often a required part of education so it 's a mad rush to find enough intern spots in the first place and really distorts the market . 
  so is n't foreign money coming in from any source generally a good thing ? 
  well , i would seriously wonder about how valid uk is in spain . 
  a lot of this country is very traditionally catholic and has gender roles to match . 
  it 's also a major issue in the gypsy community , but that 's a whole different can of worms , too . 
  it 's not so much the penalty but rather there are more social services available . 
  it may be slightly unfair but the scale of the problem is very lopsided as well . 
  i would support changing the law to gender neutral language ( to also include gay couples as well ) but the reality is we have much bigger problems to deal with right now and women being the victim of husband/boyfriend is the vast majority of cases . 
   in sweden and spain , a woman is free to assault her boyfriend , even with weapons , and there 's nothing the police can do except arrest the man as no legal code for male victims exist . 
  uhh ... yeah , it 's still assault . 
  the thing is there might not be special provisions for gender violence , as there is against women which may be unfair ( certainly open to debate ) but it 's as legal as attacking any other person . 
  which is to say ... it 's not . 
  and honestly , it 's just not enough of a problem to warrant special laws . 
  if there are very specific circumstances , then a judge can intervene . 
  same as if you were attacking and presented a continuous threat to a coworker or neighbor or something . 
  netherlands only has had an operating terminal since 2010 . 
  zeebrugge used to be the only terminal along the north sea coast . 
  this year there will be 3 . 
  they even had the gall to have it operating years before gate as well . 
  algeria is looking to develop a lot more of its fields . 
  the rotterdam lng terminal has been operating for a couple years and the dunkirk terminal should be operating soon . 
  zeebrugge is expanding and will start construction on a new tank soon . 
  it 's not a bubble if people know it 's a terrible investment going into it . 
  also , being productive is creating value . 
  you can work your ass off moving piles of dirt around by hand , but if it does n't do anything for anyone it is n't actually a net contribution . 
  well you have to find the small `` no thanks '' link below all the huge text . 
  it can be easy to miss . 
  that it could be the literal word of allah and that that allah spoke in parable to be better understood by humans of the time as allah is a supreme being , no human can have a true understanding . 
  done . 
  note this is basically the catholic solution to biblical literalism . 
  dude , think of trying to impress jodie foster by shooting the president of the us crazy . 
  ( actually happened ) you ca n't reason with people that are honestly delusional and being pretty much any public figure can make you a target of seriously delusional people . 
   you know that tucking in your shit ...  i know that tucking in your shit ...  anyone with half a brain knows that tucking in your shit ... 
  i normally just flush mine . 
  in spain it 's similar . 
  if you have any kind of emergency and show up at `` urgencias '' you will get treated no matter what . 
  though afterward they will try to get your health card info . 
  this is where foreigners should have their european health card ( it 's shocking how many people do n't know about it ) . 
  if not , i 've had friends from abroad that basically say they do n't even really know how to bill . 
  as far as regular clinics , you wo n't even get an appointment without your health card . 
   what 's holding africa back that did n't hold east asia back and is n't holding india back ? 
  totally personal opinion , but i think it 's the resource curse . 
  basically they have a way to get money that does n't require integration into global society other than basic logistics that is able to keep a small segment of the population very wealthy and powerful and that same segment feels that modernizing threatens their status . 
  ( in reality it will probably make their lives even better , but they wo n't be the only big shots around anymore and that can be intolerable ) i do n't think many of these guys are all that education on how setting up societal growth can benefit everyone even more . 
  edit : it may also have to do with the fact that although india did get rid of british rule , they remained more or less friendly with their former rulers , remaining part of the commonwealth and all that . 
  africa has consistently been significantly more hostile to former colonizers . 
  former uk colonies in particularly seem to be growing quite well economically , specifically nigeria and kenya ( i 'm not including s. africa because they never really fit the general `` african problems '' paradigm in the first place ) . 
  asia also had what the africa is getting now , massive investment from a far away rich country . 
  the specific example of korea had the us throwing tons of money that way while the soviets threw money at the north . 
  ( hard to think of today , but life was generally better north of the border up until about the 70s ) all that money combined with entrepeneurism and hyundai and samsung realizing they just go ahead and make all the industry for everything really made a self-sustaining environment . 
  us occupation of japan sent tons of money that way . 
  china was terrible until deng and then started inviting foreign investment . 
  investing in africa right now is hard . 
  you would think countries would be falling over themselves to get foreign companies to set up shop and create jobs to help stimulate local economies but it 's quite the reverse . 
  companies want in , but the governments are corrupt , bureaucratic and awful and make it so very difficult to do business . 
  basically the root of all the problems is corruption which ties right back into the resource curse issue . 
  there are various legitimate ways to go about this problem if you do n't have the local expertise to get it . 
  the most obvious is to declare that the state owns all resources and then contract out the extraction . 
  this is what is done with a lot of state energy companies . 
  and honestly , the actual extraction is n't all the difficult , it 's the capex to get the infrastructure built to make it happen in the first place that 's tough . 
  i 've always said that africa is what asia was 70 years ago . 
  generally war torn , impoverished as hell , and with a huge opportunity for growth . 
  they have better resources and almost everyone can speak a european language on top of that . 
  take it to the wto and get the us to subsidize them like they do brazilian farmers . 
  it 's politically easier to just subsidize other countries than get rid of the subsidy through the us congress . 
  i 'm a native english speaker ( originally from the us ) and spanish is my `` primary '' language these days . 
  apart from that , i have some truly awful french i 'd like to better , mostly for work reasons . 
  i see africa as being a huge source of economic growth in the coming decades and having french is pretty necessary for a lot of the continent . 
  especially since i already have english and can use spanish to somewhat navigate in portuguese in mozambique and angola . 
  ( though they seem to be doing what they can to discourage large projects at the moment ), 
   the european central bank is now demanding that the value of the collateral that greek banks post at their own central bank to secure these loans be reduced by as much as 50 percent , according to people who have been briefed on these discussions but who were not authorized to discuss them publicly . 
  so it 's basically a mark to market reform . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  the whole point of collateral is that it secures a loan based on its value . 
  if the value is less than the say , well then do n't take the loan so desperately . 
  if the argument is that they should just get unlimited unsecured money ... well then ... sorry , i suppose . 
  also , i love this little tidbit . 
   controversially , greek banks have even begun to issue bonds to themselves and , after securing a government guarantee , have used the securities to secure short-term financing -- a practice that was excoriated by yanis varoufakis before he became the greek finance minister . 
  yeah , i have basically no idea what competencies are different between eea and eu . 
  i just know they can put tariffs on food and get all the oil and the fish and ca n't vote on the eu stuff that does affect them . 
  oh and ec261 applies to norwegian air shuttle . 
  does iceland get reasonable rates or do they just use non-eu status to gouge people at sea ? 
  hah , oh you better believe they charge international rates . 
  that said , if you wanted a simple answer , / r/europe is not the place for you . 
  it has gotten much better as the eu has mandated that rates be capped and a lot of providers provide pretty cheap data and voice internationally . 
  my work phone had unlimited but they found it was cheaper to pay by the mb/minute all around europe , but they do n't care if we use it for personal use ( and i 'm all over europe all the time anyway ) . 
  also , unlike n.america we have separate rates for calling mobiles rather than land lines and you never pay to receive a call . 
  this is basically achieved by having separate prefixes for mobiles ( it would be like if there were area codes only for mobiles in usa that cost more money ) the eu supposedly is working on it but it 's getting torpedoed all over the place . 
  see this comment from a year ago for more info . 
  amateurs, 
  it really is .
