  thankfully they only really did one stupid move though so got out of it alright . 
  also , milk in bags ?!, 
  i mean really ? 
  on the main highways it 's generally speed cameras . 
  they have been putting more in madrid city as well . 
  but they also just mandated that you have to publish all of the national locations . 
  on the 2 lane national highways , you will often see the guardia civil doing traffic work . 
  they 'll even just stop people randomly to check that all the paperwork is in order . 
  i 've never lived near a border in europe , but at one point i lived near a border with significant taxation difference in the us . 
  it 's true that people would n't travel that far , but the people that did live within a 20-30 minute drive would definitely all make it . 
  note the border on [ this mall ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/dv7w6 ) . 
  it 's not inconsistent at all . 
  look at the uk . 
  cameron is for an eu referendum but pro-eu . 
  basically it 's a way to kill the issue for awhile . 
  they 're not all that populist . 
  man , i ca n't tell you how much i empathize . 
  i grew up in the us and it 's honestly a lot easier in madrid because things are n't really based on nationalism ( party tribalism is still big , though ) despite what catalans will say . 
  soon spain will be my one and only citizenship . 
  also interesting to see how they will do the actual day to day governing because junqueras and mas do n't agree on pretty much anything except independence . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jordi_pujol_i_soley#pujol_and_catalan_nationalism keep reading about the corruption scandals , they are quite massive . 
  also , the last results to come in will be the places with most votes like barcelona and other populated areas which tend to be much more pro-union . 
  basically everyone needs to calm down and wait for actual results . 
  could end up either way . 
  the participation rate was huge and that means exit polls may be less reliable . 
  apparently they ran out of ballots in some locations in tarragona ( generally pro-union area ) . 
  [ just because the title made me want to go listen to the song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibh97ma9yii ), 
  yeah , calling it pp vs independence list is far too simple . 
  i mean , even podemos is against the independence list . 
  and yes , most pp voters in general want rajoy out and he never would have won if zapatero was n't such a massive fuck-up . 
  german engineering is about manufacturing . 
  their epc capabilities for megaprojects are n't that good . 
  it 's actually something spain excels at . 
  administration of paperwork and everything else doubles ( like social security contributions and taxes ) . 
  it may not be too much of a hassle for an hr department , but it 's definitely noticeable for someone with a single employee . 
  like i said , i never said it was 100 % easy or painless , but i have found that there are plenty of hassles in other countries of things like that happening as well . 
  things like freezing accounts without notice is pretty much a revenue collection best practice because if you give notice so someone who does intend to defraud , then you lose an opportunity to collect . 
  also , that way they can get away with paying a single employee for a whole day rather than having to hire two which is significantly cheaper despite the fact that it completely fucks the employee 's free time to do anything else if they do n't live near their job . 
  spanish bureaucracy is not particularly oppressive on a relative scale . 
  it 's a pain to deal with the government in general , but i have done so in a few countries and spain is actually pretty decent in this respect . 
  but if it does n't conform to the stereotype that spain is literally worst country in the world , most spaniards wo n't believe it . 
  edit : as far as doing business , again it 's a pain but it 's not particularly oppressive and could certainly be improved ( i 'm all about continuous improvement ) , but i think the lack of entrepreneurship is more about a cultural aversion to risk , especially financial , than anything else . 
  so you think the confederacy should have won the us civil war ? 
  probably hoping for yes so even more corporate money will go there . 
  edit : for those unfamiliar with the situation , the basque country is the richest part of spain and has special tax status and attracts a lot of corporations . 
  a lot of big companies maintain their basque registrations even if they have main operations in madrid or barcelona . 
  six kilos on a height like that is only really slightly noticeable , honestly . 
  the carrying water bottle example is a bit disingenuous because it 's all at one point . 
  if you had 6 more kilos at the end of your arm , it would be pretty concerning . 
  all in all , i think it depends on build . 
  i am 185 and at my lowest i weighed 83 kg and wore size 32 pants so i was fairly skinny . 
  i just have a wide torso and large legs . 
  so when i was super skinny i was just barely on the healthy side of overweight . 
  so yeah , it 's a useful population statistic but can be limited on individual levels . 
  also `` overweight '' is n't all that unhealthy on these scales . 
  it 's perfectly possible to have a few extra kilos in a gut and be overall healthy it 's when you start getting into the obese range that things are really problematic . 
  that 's what kind of gets me . 
  the complains are basically against zapatero and rajoy . 
  i get it , they suck . 
  but now that there is a legitimate break in the bipartisanism catalonia is going full independence rather than taking a true opportunity for real reforms . 
  you know , it all just happened to get turned up to 11 after all the pujol shit came out . 
  and who will guarantee it ? 
  certainly not the ecb so it would have to be a non-euro currency or have enough reserves to make a functioning central bank possible . 
  where would those reserves come from ? 
  you can take my jam\u00f3n / lomo/chorizo from my cold , dead , well cured and spiced hands . 
  yeah , they 're in the works but honestly , in high tech stuff , it 's actually really hard to find employees . 
  there was a massive number of people leaving school for the construction boom and now they are just kind of left behind . 
  from my point of view in the engineering world , the spanish recovery is very , very real even if it has yet to work its way down to everyone . 
  i grew up in the us so a lot of my political terminology in english shaped by that . 
  there neoliberal is basically the same as classical liberal but the word `` liberal '' means left leaning ( though not actually leftist by any sort of global standard , it 's still what the word means there ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:companies_based_in_d%c3%bcsseldorf plus they just seem to have a lot of corporate activity in general . 
  it 's not in my industry so i 'm not all that well versed . 
  also , it may just be that they count it as a single metro area and the one with the big airport wins the name or something . 
  i see the london and new york as sort of being binary financial/cultural capitals of the english speaking world . 
  i would say we have a similar situation in the spanish speaking world between madrid/m \u00e9xico city/buenos aires ( though the latter is much less important financially in recent years ), 
  d\u00fcsseldorf is easily more important in a global interconnected economic sense than cologne . 
  berlin 's importance is pretty much political and cultural , being isolated for so long made it so that it 's just not a center of business . 
  / r/europe has quite a mix but is probably fairly neoliberal on the whole . 
  i said the american system was too far to the extreme . 
  and i agree that there is some concrete benefit but the economic signals are also important . 
  i personally like the english system where you get loans on very favorable terms and only pay a percentage of income after you make a basic amount . 
  it basically allows the system to be financed in a sustainable way from its own success . 
  the numbers there may be pretty daunting at first crack , but there seems to be this idea in a lot of reddit that all debt is bad and debt means poor and all that when it 's just not true . 
  bad debt that does n't finance something that appreciates in value and/or is very high interest is bad . 
  low interest debt that finances something that appreciates in value ( like an education ) is usually a great deal . 
  i thought net migration between us and mexico was now people going to mexico . 
  mostly previous migrants without legal status due to improving economy and safety in mexico . 
  iirc the biggest flow of illegal migrants in the us is from china . 
  honestly , i fully support raising tuition fees for this reason . 
  make sure there are favorable loans so that nobody has problems with access but make sure every student has skin in the game . 
  i am originally from the us and while that is too far to the other extreme everyone here seems shocked i was able to finish an engineering degree in 4 years of study . 
  at which point i let them know it 'll be another $ 20k to go longer and the point gets understood well . 
  an education makes you more valuable in the work place and i do n't think it 's at all unreasonable to think that the people benefiting directly from that value should help to finance it . 
  of course that means i 'm literally a fascist around here . 
  that airport is such a clusterfuck . 
  you guys do the manufacturing and we can handle infrastructure projects . 
  yeah , but if you look at what people are buying for personal computing , it 's not necessarily more powerful machines ( though more power is certainly the trend on back-end stuff ) it 's smaller/cheaper/convenient that 's winning these days . 
  basically . 
  the real money is in making the current designs more efficient , hence the 787 and a350 .
