  people really underestimate how much madrid and barcelona depend on each other . 
  i mean , do you really think la caixa would make anywhere near as much if it were confined to catalonia ? 
  the access to the much larger market is a big deal . 
  the airlines i use in europe almost all use amadeus . 
  i though they used sabre exclusively right now . 
  i do n't know about a magellan . 
  like i said , there are non us/eu options out there , but they are definitely inferior and it would be basically impossible to implement them rapidly . 
  combine that with payment method restrictions and it 's a much more powerful weapon . 
  it 's not even mad style . 
  yeah western airlines will spend a bit more in fuel , russian airlines would cease to operate for a good chunk of time . 
  finnair stock would plummet . 
  but the us control 's aeroflot 's reservation system and that can mess up their industry much more than having to fly a few hours . 
  basically it could be made to lose every single reservation in their system instantly and the big companies that manage it are us/eu . 
  there are some chinese firms that would do it , but it 's lower quality and imagine having to implement an it solution that huge without any western help . 
  their air transport could be totally cripple for months as they would basically only be able to use paper reservations . 
  add to the fact that the west could make it so visa/mc/amex do n't work as well as blocking swift access and you have a situation where there basically can not be public air transport unless paying in cash in a rapidly devaluing and volatile currency . 
  it 's pretty much illegal to discriminate based on nationality in the eu , but it 's fine to do it based on local residency within a state . 
  part of independence would basically mean english students would have to get the same deal . 
  i can see harry being even better than phillip in just being generally outlandish in old age . 
  well yes , the relevant laws they operate under right now are the uk 's because it 's a uk bank . 
  is that a shock or something ? 
  if scotland were independent they would n't be a uk bank but a scottish bank and would n't be eligible for bailouts from down south ( unimaginable , at least for people with very short memories ) . 
  now this is all a bunch of hypotheticals but a banking crisis is not exactly in the unheard-of category of things to happen in a country . 
  now if scotland did not have control of its currency , it becomes a much bigger problem since you ca n't just print money to a certain extent which is usually pretty necessary . 
  the argument is currency union without fiscal union is a serious recipie for problems . 
  i think that 's become pretty clear in the last few years in europe . 
  well , rbs group for one , seeing as how it 's based in edinburgh . 
  okay , yeah that 's much stupider than i could have imagined such a program being . 
  though the original point remains that at the moment the boe must consider scottish banks in a banking crisis , but that would go away . 
  what about other welfare programs . 
  jobless assistance , council housing , etc. . ? 
  it would be retarded to distribute this without thinking about how many people need to receive these services so i would need a source if you 're saying it 's false . 
  denmark and germany also do n't share a currency , which was the whole point of the article . 
  and yes , while dkk is tied to eur through the erm ii mechanism , they can float their currency as they need should the need arise . 
  as someone in spain , i can tell you the common currency absolutely has been a problem without fiscal transfers . 
  they do n't recieve funding for nhs or council housing or other welfare programs based on the demand for those programs ? 
  because there would n't be a method for fiscal transfers like what currently exists . 
  but it 's a big question if scotland will be a new member or existing member . 
  i would suspect the former due to how successor states work , but it 's never been clear . 
  we supposedly have this , but i do n't get it as a non citizen and nobody actually uses it . 
  yeah , there 's a surprising amount of companies in the industry . 
  i 've had great experience , but i 'm in oil & gas which tends to be pretty nice no matter where you are . 
  if you can learn spanish , you could get a job very quickly . 
  my wife is in hr for it consulting and has a surprisingly hard time finding qualified people given the employment environment . 
  the issue may be the salary may be much lower than you are used to in the uk . 
  it 's basically a monetary policy issue and it 's extraordinarily boring is the problemm . 
  fiscal policy things get people in the streets , but it 's monetary policy that is fucking everyone over . 
  but try and get a protest for `` we need an expationary monetary policy and the ecb needs to be buying sovereign debt in order to promote a reasonable inflation rate ! '', 
  honestly some historical perspective is required on the crisis . 
  it 's bad , but compared to the last century of things happening in europe , it could really be worse . 
  but yes , nobody knows the future but i would say things look good to be set to improve over the long term . 
  and again , if you use things from 2004 , you are looking at people who went to the uk despite spain being a booming economy so the type that are just the type that would probably expatriate anyway due to whatever personal reasons . 
  if you 're looking at the economic migrants since the crisis , my point is it 's way too early to draw any long term conclusions . 
   where did you move to spain from ? 
  weirdly enough , i moved from the us because i could n't find a job there and did get one in spain . 
  i do n't get the question . 
  a lot of people are moving for economic reasons and would like to live in their home country . 
  i am an immigrant myself and it took a long time and a lot of work to be comfortable just navigating daily life in spanish and not really thinking about it . 
  i do n't see why it 's strange why someone from a family centric culture like spain , who may not be all that comfortable in english or german would want to return home . 
  german companies have been heavily recruiting spanish technical types because they can pay them way less of what an equivalent german would want and everyone is happy with it . 
  a recent graduate in spain would be estatic at seeing 1500 $ / month, 
  i do n't see how you can take any sort of conclusion for that from the crisis that 's still very much ongoing . 
  yeah it happens everywhere . 
  i did n't even excpect to go to spain in the first place but i have ended up planning on staying long term after a few years . 
  but not everyone is really as up for an expat life , especially a culture as family focused as spain . 
  basically you ca n't take the example of people who left pre-2008 and extrapolate it . 
  just wait and see when the employment rate does go down . 
  the new member or existing member question is a big unknown . 
  i think it 's pretty clear westminster would get the successor state status leaving a lot of legal things in doubt . 
  it means things like obligation to join the euro/schengen as a condition of membership . 
  they were , actually they just never even tried and the whole situation moved way too fast for legitimate means . 
  it honestly would have been in kiev 's interests to have a large pro-russian group excluded from ukranian elections . 
  the thing is it takes months to years to properly set up a referrendum like that ( since you used scotland as an example , it ai n't quick ) but you know , `` dirty nazi fags taking russian land '' sells better than `` bilateral talks are in slight disagreement with the proper allocation of national debts '', 
  it was pretty clear crimea was a lost cause from the beginning . 
  does n't mean russia was n't shitty about how they went about it . 
  honestly , they could have had a legitimate election and bilateral talks and got it fairly so that everyone recognized it . 
  but hey , that would have taken a few months and would n't have stirred so much nationalism . 
  * dodot for diapers * glasex for any glass cleaner * tupper for any reusable food container i know there 's more but those are a couple i can think of right now . 
  ch comes from the latin name for switzerland . 
  honestly , it 's not that bad at this point and a bit 3-4 % inflation would be massively beneficial to the germans as well . 
  the article said spain is growing . 
  the fear is deflation . 
  though the articles is full of shit as core cpi excludes fuel . 
  housing prices are still falling which is most household 's single largest expense . 
  i think this shows how much of this crisis is monetary policy based . 
  we have austere and inflationary ( uk ) / stimulus and inflationary ( us ) / spending and non-inflationary ( de ) / austere and non-ifnlationary ( spain ) it 's clear the the ones doing best are the first two and it 's entirely due to monetary policy and for the people getting worked up about fiscal policy , it honestly matters a lot less . 
  i 'm hoping having a spaniard at the head of the eurogroup and an italian at the head of the ecb combined with a faltering german economy now will break the all inflation is evil grip that has been going on . 
  it also takes a lot of brain power to manage all that russian money . 
  no brits around malaga and canaries ... got it . 
  have you * been * to france ? 
  im in madrid and i do a lot of business with multinationals that have set up their offices in catalonia . 
  if they were to get independent , they would just open a sales office in madrid as well . 
  it would really hurt both parties , i think . 
  la caixa is n't just a bank in catalonia and would quickly lose a huge source of it 's income . 
  basically it would significantly reduce the available market , and disproportionally hit catalonia since they would be losing a much larger amount of people . 
  i do n't believe if rfef has n't said if bar\u00e7a could play in la liga , either . 
  it seems stupid , but it could influence some votes . 
  how is bill clinton a 184cm 6 ' 2 '' ? 
  i guess he always likes to figure in an extra couple inches . 
  i am hoping this means that there is going to be some breathing room for help on the monetary policy side of things .
