it 's the main reason for norway being a part of schengen without being a part of the eu . 
  understood but we need not to confuse border controls with freedom of movement . 
  there are border controls for the uk and nobody is seriously proposing that there should not be . 
  norway also seems very fond of it 's high food tariffs to promote local production . 
  i do n't know what impact it would have on oil and gas production as well . 
  the eu could n't order coffee and have it be ready in 6 months . 
  i 'm pro-europe but quick , it is not . 
  bbc with comments is amusing . 
  the second highest rated comment :  well , let the nordic countries take in the immigrants that are amassed at calais , you can provide a lot of coaches for the # 1.7 billion that the eu is asking for . 
  as if this was some sort of talk about schengen vs. cta . 
  basically people have no idea what , specifically , they are angry about . 
  generally yeah ... they are happy to . 
  also a lot of the migrants people in the uk are really complaining about are south asia , nigerian , etc. . . and have nothing to do with the eu . 
  denmark is full eu and i though ch was technically not eea , they just negotiated parallel agreements to pretend they were n't in the organization but still are in everything but name . 
  quite common here , ironically enough , with the english immingrants . 
  it 's a bit different when home is a nice place with a great support system . 
  china coming off of the cultural revolution may make things a bit different . 
  at this point i 'm pretty sure the next big move is going to be a eurozone banking union . 
  basically designed to make sure everyone is involved when the next crisis hits and forces at least a mild fiscal union . 
  at that point it may become necessary to discuss at what point the eu is a state unto itself . 
  but all of that is a long ways away . 
  judging by the timeline of financial crises , probably another 20 years or so as a minimum , possibly much longer . 
  the mission of the business is to maximize profit . 
  this is n't inherently bad or inherently good , it just is . 
  you can use it to your advantage by having efficient , streamlined policies that will encourange more businesses . 
  the absolute tax is certainly a factor , but you also have to factor in ease of licensing , how much work it takes to pay taxes in the first place . 
  if in estonia you can get more infrastructure for a similar percentage of income , that is just inefficiency hurting you , not an unwillingness to support society . 
  it 's certainly not as black and white as you are making it . 
  also it 's an issue of where the negative effects are very localized and the positive effects are generally widely distributed . 
  yeah , everyone 's well being may increase by a few percent , but most people honestly would have the exact same life with + / - a few pounds per month . 
  so while it may be great for society as a whole and that extra money does wonders for accumulating and creating more jobs which gets more money and so on , it 's hard to make the argument as personal as the anti immigration side is . 
  i 'm very pro-immigration ( i 'm a non-eu immigrant ) , but you have to re, 
  i think it 's also important that `` spain '' is aragon ( which had catalonia ) + castille so the idea of spain is really equally castillian and aragonese ( catalan ) . 
  the idea of spain = castilla is n't really true from any historical context . 
   that constitution has only been voted by the 5 % of the alive population of spain that is n't even close to true . 
  and not how constitutions work at all . 
  i guess the us bill of rights is undemocratic because it 's over 200 years old . 
  this is such a clusterfuck of an issue . 
  the government is wrong but necessary . 
  the companies are right but risk seriously harming government budgets . 
  the policy is pretty much singularly responsible for making spanish solar companies world leaders . 
  different poster , but i actually agree with upyd on a lot of stuff * in theory * . 
  in reality they used to be a very different party and just realigned their views so they needed a very strong leadership role that really puts me off them . 
  i 'm a big believer in pluralism and it just feels like it would be an autocratic party . 
  i hope it develops organically from here because it really could be an alternative party in the future . 
  malta and cyprus might as well count as well . 
  but the point still stands . 
  i honestly think the corruption is getting better even though it may appear worse . 
  seriously , could anyone have imagined a massive sting on pp while they were in power 20 years ago . 
  things used to be far worse , it was just how things were done though and nobody would hear about it . 
  the fact that there are so many arrests may actually serve to help things out . 
  before nobody would have ever even been named and shamed . 
  basically the other two parties are massively corrupt and podemos is n't planning on having a massive presence in the upcoming municipal elections so you can say you support them as a protest without actually having to do anything about it or think seriously about their platform . 
  the real test is the general election in the not too distant future where people genuinely do care . 
  the situation is kind of desperate . 
  and this is n't about what banks offer to the consumer , but basically the floor the government sets on the market . 
  and , at least here , mortgages are generally euribor + x % so these sorts of things will lower the bank lending rate and make it so people can get more equity into their mortgages faster . 
  you have to look at in the macroeconomic context of the moment . 
  0 % interest would be pretty crazy in most environments , but the fact that it 's very near the inflation rate makes it actually not that bad . 
  as i said elsewhere , i am specifically avoiding a mortgage right now due to housing deflation here ( a mess of factors , but monetary policy is a big one ) . 
  there are a lot of people like me as well . 
  and the fact that prices are going down means fewer people buy which means prices go down etc. . . 
  allowing for cheaper credit helps that cycle tremendously . 
  granted , i do n't know all that much about sweden , but all of this is certainly true for spain and the ecb 's policies are very specifically influencing major financial decisions on my part because of this . 
  debt is not an inherently bad thing . 
  unless you are saying everyone with a mortgage is an irresponsible citizen . 
  there is good debt and bad debt . 
  student debt and mortgages are generally positive as they are investing in future opportunities . 
  credit cards for mobile phones is generally bad debt because it is a depreciating asset . 
  debt itself is n't good or bad , it 's just a tool that can be used in good ways or bad ways and i hate the negative tone everyone always gives to the word `` debt '' . 
  a smart society should allow for caluclated risks , and particularly home ownership as it allows many more people to have significant assets in the long term . 
  originally from america and i 'm supposedly half-irish by decent , but it was a long time ago . 
  i do n't consider myself irish , but i do consider myself part of the diaspora which honestly has much more importance in boston than dublin . 
  i think irish folks when they hear my ( very irish ) surname think they will hear it about my heritage or some shit , but i could n't care less , really . 
  the relationship between spain and ireland is mostly positive . 
  i think it 's something about being formerly poor catholic countries . 
  one of the main streets in madrid is even calle o'donnell . 
  you tax savings just for having saved ? 
  that sounds terrible . 
  it has little to do with wealth and more to do with debt . 
  inflation helps those with debt . 
  those with cash savings are hurt by inflation , but by investing those savings it can come out ahead . 
  it basically encourages everyone to promote economic growth . 
  in deflation/no-inflation , it 's really not risky to just de-invest and hold onto cash . 
  this makes it much harder to start business , do whatever other economic activity is needed due to credit since nobody is lending since it 's safer to hold the cash . 
  i am specifically holding off buying a place to live because the price of houses has been falling meaning you would basically end up with negative equity immediately making renting a smarter move financially . 
  most of the country is still this way which is why cash deals are a huge portion of real estate sales at this point because the loss in value on the house may actually be better when the security of ownership plus not paying interest payments is taken into account . 
  though things are looking like they may be stabalizing in the big cities at this point . 
  ( 6 years later )  bullshit . 
  increase in rate leads to inflation and then you 've got the same purchasing power as before . 
  lower prices lead to decreases in wages which means people do n't spend which leads to having to lower prices more and people spend less because they may need that money when their wage falls and the value of their house has fallen , but they still owe the original mortgage . 
  it 's very well documented that deflationary spirals are much harder to contain than inflationary ones . 
  it 's also not that hard to maintain a healthy inflation rate that should be around 2-4 % . 
  it 's not like anyone is saying that we should have rampant inflation that you would even really notice on most consumer goods on a year-on-year basis . 
  but having people know that their largest asset ( home ) is a form of security rather than insecurity due to value increasing is a really big deal . 
  it 's not true that the autonomous/provincial government share functions with the municipal government . 
  there are many independent councils . 
  it 's not the only single province autonomy either . 
  it 's not a tiny province either . 
  around100 km from one side to the other .
