  maybe , but then why have n't they made their pacts in andalusia yet ? 
  they just are n't natural partners . 
  the press is just as guilty of saying it as the logical conclusion , but i just do n't see it . 
  i said before the election that the actual vote will be interesting but the real fun will happen in the negotiations and we have yet to see how that works . 
  podemos has been shitting on psoe for a long time now . 
  so they already do n't like each other ( though they both hate pp ) and podemos is basically saying they need to be junior partners to the `` casta '' they hate so much in the first place . 
  again , andalusia is a good indication of how this will work and it seems clear that psoe does n't want to pact with c 's or podemos even though they have no choice . 
  c 's will pact with pp , but now we 'll see if pp will actually go through with the changes c 's is asking for to be part of a coalition . 
  well , opinion polls are really hard to get right for municipal elections , especially outside of the two big ones . 
  but they got it pretty close . 
  last ones i saw had this basic result . 
  there are a lot of headlines , but pp still won once all is said and done , they just do n't have majorities like they did 4 years ago . 
  this is going to be a slow process to figure out exactly what the make-up of the government will be . 
  andalusia voted over 2 months ago and still has n't formed a government . 
  a lot of people seem to be counting socialist and podemos coalitions as a given , but it 's clearly not the case there and i see no reason why they would be happy to jump into bed together . 
  i agree that her activism has led her to disregard consequences of a lot of her ideals and anyone comparing barcelona to venice in a touristic sense is clearly out of touch with reality . 
  i am a committed liberal but that said , the whole unregulated tourist rental market is a serious problem . 
  lots of n. europeans get stupidly drunk and cause problems in residential buildings from people that do n't have to follow any regulations nor pay any taxes associated with lodging from owners able to make a quick buck . 
  the solution is clearly freer licensing of establishments but as a free marketer , i generally agree that the airbnb is a way to skirt the law and provides an unfair advantage as true competition comes from everyone playing on the same set of rules . 
  not being subject to inspection or even required to follow the most basic of business practices is a serious problem . 
   while being clearly right wing . 
  it is a bit of a surprise that they pulled votes for podemos , unless it was just votes that were going to podemos for the punishment of the dual party system . 
  basically that . 
  also they are not all that conservative in a social sense . 
  they are for legalizing marijuana and prostitution , for example . 
  i still do n't know . 
  nobody in the eurozone is going to want to set a precedent for leaving as it could destabilize the whole thing . 
  so you have to make it sufficiently painful that nobody would want to do it and include leaving eu ( and possibly eea for that matter ) given the geography , i would n't be surprised if schengen gets revoked at that point too to be reevaluated and provide a very visceral reminder of the separation . 
  psoe is still the senior partner between them , though . 
  remember that basically everyone who is n't podemos , wants them out of the picture and there is a lot of opportunity with c 's to form coalitions as well . 
  it 's not like psoe has been unwilling to allow pp minority governments in the past . 
  i agree 100 % about reforming the laws . 
  i would love for us style , non-recourse loans . 
  but there has to be some sort of motivation to pay a mortgage or you 'll just end up destroying the entire housing system through misguided ideals . 
  it 's not even just primary surplus , they would need a primary surplus and 100 % positive cash flow at that point which is pretty damned hard to achieve with low reserves . 
  well , they could let all the banks just collapse while having no positive cash flow to the government and no external source of liquidity for any sort of public financing . 
  the thing is , this option is clearly more painful to the average greek than just leaving . 
  that said , with all that has been said , if i were a greek , i would be doing all i can to get all savings directly in cash and preferably in usd or gbp if possible , but eur will do in a pinch . 
  either that or transferred to a bank in germany or france ( though you may need to physically go there to get it if greece leaves the eu ) . 
  all of this is further contributing to their problem . 
  i would be perfectly willing to go to greece , even next week when they are explicitly warning this whole thing will finally come to a head . 
  that said , i would expect there to possibly be no banking available and i would also carry spare usd or gbp as well as eur with me . 
  ( i expect what will happen is nothing and they will kick the can another month , but you never know if this really is the last straw ), 
  i hate that woman so much . 
  i do n't get how she has n't resigned yet after last night . 
  their party is effectively dead thanks to her leadership . 
  i mean , i think podemos has a cult of personality problem ( i mean , his face was their logo ) but dear lord , upyd was always really terrible about it . 
  she wants to end evictions and guarantee basic services . 
  all great in theory , but i still do n't know why people who operate mostly in cash would pay their mortgages or bills at that point then . 
  banks would either have to give outrageous rates or just not give mortgages in the first place to balance the risk forcing more people to rent and making the inequality problem even worse as only the people who can afford to pay outright for the property ( not that crazy in a lot of spain as it can be under 100k $ ) will be the only ones to profit and develop their assets with a positive cash flow on top of it . 
  espe could still take madrid in a minority if psoe is n't willing to pact . 
  it looked like they would have a motivation to pact to split governance of the city and the region , but now pp can pact with c 's to get the regional government and get one seat away from a majority in the city assembly . 
  i honestly think psoe would rather see pp and be able to frame their arguments against them and still know that their interests ( their leaders are just as much interests with money as pp ) are taken care of . 
  all the white parts you can see in [ this map view ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/aboms ) are greenhouses to feed vegetables to lots of europe . 
  they can do it because it 's super cheap since it 's hot and there is generally water available from the runoff from the mountains even though it 's a semi-desert . 
  if you look at it from a european standpoint , it does n't make sense to grow fruits and veggies in estonia where it 's cold and does n't have as good of environment for it . 
  also :  i do n't have the latest statistics but in the early days at least , a lot of the money allocated to us would then flow right back west via `` consulting fees '' etc. 
  is still very good for the economy . 
  just having money moving through the economy in general is a great thing as it helps increase liquidity and gets loans to start ups and other things that have greatly helped estonia . 
  i 'm doing my part to bring international projects here . 
  i would say as of right now , of all the recent grads i know ... all of them have some kind of job and most either in the field they want or something different of their choosing . 
  that said , they are shitty jobs with low pay and poor security ... but we have to start somewhere and things are definitely moving in the right direction , the question is if they will move fast enough . 
  i was looking at the result of pozuelo and majadahonda ( rich suburbs of madrid ) and it was really interesting that c 's basically ate 25 % of their electorate directly . 
  i also found it interesting that in those rich suburbs at least , the podemos vote basically came exclusively from people leaving upyd and iu . 
  i can see how iu would make sense , but the upyd crowd is basically out for nothing other than to prove a point to break bipartisanship and while they were never much , a few percentage points is a much bigger advantage now that the two party system is done . 
  it sounds like it depends on what you count as an expenditure and they have such a small population that has lots of money that small changes in overall measuring can cause huge swings in their numbers but it all works out to be pretty insignificant in the grand scheme of things . 
  i do n't think anyone is denying that it did n't happen . 
  but that 's not a reason to continue lending if you know it 's bad . 
  fine cut losses ... but that means a greek default which nobody wants , but at the end of the day greece is the one that needs to borrow the money more than the creditors need to lend it out so their threat is basically , you 'll really hurt if i throw myself off of this bridge which is the argument of a legitimately crazy person . 
  podemos is the party . 
  some groups they supported but did not participate in themselves ( more coalitions of lots of leftist groups ) did well in quite a few municipal elections , particularly madrid and barcelona . 
  second in madrid and first in barcelona . 
  at the regional government level , they did about as well as the other major upstart party ( citizens ) . 
  the real interesting thing will be the negotiations for coalitions in the regional level as this is sort of the last real test before the national elections that have to happen before november . 
  madrid is interesting . 
  c 's and pp have to pact to have pretty much the only governable relationship for the madrid regional government so i could see pp making the condition to pact in the municipal government . 
  i think people are overestimating psoe 's willingness to pact with podemos supported groups . 
  cifuentes will almost certainly be on top on the regional level and it will be interesting to see how the alliances work in the municipality . 
  i have no idea how the lay of the land is in barcelona and if ciu would be willing to cooperate with an insurgent force or not . 
  direct democracy for every issue is terrible . 
  you can just vote for benefits without costs . 
  you also get tyranny of the majority and stuff like that . 
  yeah i 'm confused about the nationalist thing . 
  i 'm firmly in the ciudadanos camp and they are unionists and do n't think any autonomy should have special treatment . 
  ( right now the competencies are negotiated individually ), 
  regional elections for the government of catalonia were not held . 
  it was just council elections there and it appears people are basically just not talking about the question in order to form coalitions at the municipal level . 
  we are at the point where business is starting to do well and starting to hire , but it has n't hit full stride to start to really be felt all the way down . 
  full disclosure : i moved here as an adult so my perspective is a bit different . 
  but basically society has been split basically in 2 since before the civil war . 
  it was always necessary to have as strong as a front as possible and that sort of followed through into democracy . 
  it appears it took until now with parties with new leadership ( that at least came of age in the democracy ) to really shake things up . 
  not quite like uk because we do n't have fptp . 
  so governments ca n't form without coalitions now . 
  first results show pp winning in 11 of the 13 voting with psoe winning in asturias and canary islands still pending . 
  no absolute majorities anywhere . 
  podemos into all regional parliaments except possibly cantabria and ciudadanos into all except possibly navarre and castilla la mancha . 
  edit : remember that first results will be more rural . 
  ( even madrid province , has quite a large rural area ), 
  pp and psoe will still be the winners , this election will be interesting for how the parties pact in the days/weeks/months to come .
