  i do n't know barcelona but colmenar viejo area is pretty rural and definitely within commuting distance of madrid . 
  there 's plenty of fairly rural small towns close to madrid . 
  it seems crazy to me that nobody would want to buy the rights to motogp . 
  it 's huge here . 
  honestly , i 'd say eurosport is one step down from tdp in spain . 
  i really just think of eurosport as for people that are interested in bicycle racing . 
  this is going to vary a lot and each country will have their own . 
  www.idealista.com for spain . 
  honestly , i have no idea since i live in madrid . 
  i know that driving right as we were leaving arag\u00f3n , europafm switched to a catalan speaking station which i thought was odd for a national radio . 
  i also turned on la 1 there and it was also in catalan though obviously spanish version was also available . 
  this would definitely be better answered by a local from there . 
  i 'm a skier so my catalan experience is mostly val d'aran and andorra which tend not to be very representative samples . 
  how important is republicanism to d66 ? 
  one of the interesting things that happened to me after i moved to spain and learned how it worked here is that i actually became sort of a monarchist later in life . 
  i mean , i 'm not all about a king in political theory , but in practice a single person whose job it is to be a sort of non-political person in the political system and also be a representative to the outside world actually works pretty well . 
  especially since they basically grow up being groomed to be a diplomat . 
  fyi , when talking about european politics , `` liberal '' is mostly pro-free market . 
  the idea is it 's about individual freedom and that mostly means pro free market and less government intervention . 
  it 's not the opposite of the us because that 's what the us democrats also generally support , it 's just that the word `` liberal '' is more about it 's actual definition compared to meaning anything left or right . 
   there 's a desperate need for good mexican food in spain as an immigrant from the us . 
  dear lord , this !, 
  and when i 'm back in america everyone thinks mexico and spain are the same . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  just to add , in catalonia , the national public channels have a catalan version and national radio stations change to using catalan . 
  this is really only in catalonia as in valencia and balearic islands ( also catalan speaking regions ) generally people will just watch the national version . 
  also , new movies in the cinema are almost always just dubbed in spanish . 
  even in andorra ( where spanish is n't official at all ) the cinema has its movies in spanish . 
  how much of the catlan/basque stuff is produced in spain ? 
  i would assume the vast majority . 
  when i last moved to spain i actually had my goods go through a port in england and trucked here . 
  we 're all pretty interconnected . 
  baleares are sun and beach but i highly recommend . 
  i went to ibiza thinking i was going to hate it but even ibiza is a very nice island if you just stay away from the main area where the discos are . 
  but the consumer does n't see the price , so while they have pressure to keep costs down ( a good thing ) , from the point of view of who is using the service , it 's a competition on quality . 
  that said , a lot of the `` quality '' of us care is completely unnecessary and just serves to drive up prices . 
  say a simple ekg compared to some super fancy new version but still gives the same fundamental data may not be worth a hugely inflated price . 
  i 'm originally from america and happened to need a surgery there the one year i was working back there . 
  thankfully i had alright insurance . 
  so i 'll talk about it from my experience and if i get a bit angry it 's because i still do feel a link to us society . 
  the system is fucked not because of government run vs. non government run . 
  it 's pretty much the worst combination of everything . 
  it does n't work on a free market because the people consuming the service do n't actually know how much it costs , that 's up to the insurance companies and if the insurance companies try to limit costs by what they will pay out , they get labelled as the bad guys and are forced to cover more so people only see the money they pay to the insurers . 
  also , if you have no insurance , it 's basically impossible to go to the doctor and find out how much it will cost beforehand . 
  a market ca n't work that way . 
  also , a fundamental part of a free market is being able to make the decision to not buy a service . 
  obviously with medicine if someone is dying , people ca n't just choose to go elsewhere and hospitals ca n't deny treatment based on ability to pay . 
  so you just have a fundamental market failure there . 
  now , combined with the fact that the us has run the largest , government-run , single payer health plan in the world for decades ( medicare is the elephant in the room ) and yet it chooses only to cover the most expensive contingent without extending that coverage to everyone for not a huge amount more money . 
  now add the whole taboo of talking about death and end of life care and it makes it so the government just ca n't make decisions about what should be covered so you get something like 50 % of someone 's lifetime health care expenditure occurring in the last six months of life ( it was something crazy like that , might have been a year ) with no measure toward quality of that life . 
  lots of people go with hospice type care , but lots more do n't . 
  at some point people have to be mature enough to talk about how people die and realize that 3 months on morphine to ease the pain may be a better way than 6 months of horrible chemotherapy for a worse quality of life . 
    because of austerity bullshit the current spanish right wing government has had a stiffy for privatizing hospitals to reduce public spending , but i 'm thankful people have for the most part refused the idea . 
  my local care has been privatized and i do n't mind it at all . 
  it 's nothing at all like the american system . 
  the patient still does n't pay for anything , and the doctors are still good . 
  it 's just that everything is subcontracted out . 
  and because we can choose what where we want assigned in madrid , it 's actually led to some pretty nice innovations . 
  the online and mobile portals for appointments are amazing while the one run by the public administration is kind of terrible . 
  i know it would never work here , but my ideal system is one where the government pays for everything at set rates but the actual providing of care is private and they compete on service . 
  i did n't grow up in spain but i try to make it around as much as possible . 
  of the autonomous communities i still have n't been to cantabria , navarre , la rioja , canary islands . 
  i have n't been to ceuta nor melilla , but while i do think they are curious , i have no real desire to go because i feel like there 's not much there . 
  that one is particularly common, 
  here 's a few non vulgar ones that come to mind . 
  keeping in mind i 'm a non-native speaker so some of them just stick out to me . 
  * if there 're flies - just in case * to not have hair on one 's tongue - to talk a lot and speak one 's mind bluntly * speak from the elbows - to talk a lot * the ball is on one 's roof - it 's that person 's responsibility * to make good breadcrumbs ( it 's a baked dish similar to turkey stuffing ) - to get on well with someone * to walk along the branches - to tiptoe around a subject without talking about the main issue edit : another one i like is when something is strange you can say it 's weirder than a green dog . 
   ( unemployment for example runs out in 2 years iirc ) . 
  you have to be working awhile to get that far . 
  i 'm at 4 years on my current contract and i think i get something like 10 months . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous how much you get penalized for switching jobs after you 've been at a place for awhile . 
  i kind of hope i get fired before i find a new job so i can get the payment . 
  i get the impression he 's pretty happy about that , too . 
  in spain , idealista.com is the biggest real estate website . 
  you 're going to have to compile these country by country . 
  absolutely enough to survive . 
  that said , basically everything becomes a challenge and you wo n't be making many local friends . 
  edit : i will say i did look into spanish duolingo just because i was curious and it 's really weird . 
  it 's enough to get by but there are a lot of weird words they use and it tries to be a neutral dialect but just sounds weird . 
  ( think like a neutral english phrase of `` what 's under the hood of that lorry '' it 's just not consistent . 
  also please do n't think people speak english but are just holding out . 
  a lot of americans tend to think english knowledge is a lot more than it is in reality and people are just assholes or something . 
  i can assure you people just legitimately ca n't speak more than a couple words . 
  yeah , worth noting that even the sparkling stuff is very different than the cider most people are used to . 
  in spain ` sidra ' is basically apple wine and not nearly as sweet as the stuff you get in n europe . 
  i think it 's a great country and the people are proud of that . 
  i think pride is the biggest national characteristic of the uk . 
  i honestly do n't mean that as a negative , but everything from the stiff upper lip thing and not showing weakness to a bit of nationalism . 
  it leads people to be fine with being a very unique place and most of the time the pride is well deserved . 
  unfortunately sometimes people make decisions based on pride rather than being proud based on decisions . 
  lots of people in spain call american football ` rugby ' . 
  that should say it all . 
  i think it 's because so many americans go to amsterdam and they associate nutella with `` europe '' . 
  just like how people go see flamenco shows in barcelona even though it 's not at all catalan but it 's `` spain '' so people want to see it . 
  what 's wrong with the eiffel tower ? 
  it 's a pretty impressive landmark . 
  eh , it 's fun for a few minutes if you 're already in leicester square , would n't make it a destination , though . 
  this is actually a really complicated question . 
  spanish gypsies are generally not viewed positively at all . 
  maybe by some people who are anti-system and kind of fetishize their lawless style ... but most people generally dislike the gypsy collectives .
