  also , i routinely navigate the atocha and puerta de alcal\u00e1 roundabouts in madrid in rush hour so that could have something to do with it . 
  madrid has a similar area and was working on building a second area with tall buildings , but then 2008 happened and there 's just 4 towers now but there are definite plans to build a fifth and looks like they will be developing the area to build a few more . 
  citizens should n't be used as bargaining chips , eh ? 
  you know , the uk could stop treating its own citizens like shit with respect to family immigration ? 
  i get that you may not want them on benefits but the income requirement is ridiculously high , particularly outside of london , and the conservatives want to raise it . 
  i believe that was before wwi . 
  and a lot of things went wrong leading up to that one and nobody actually wanted that war to happen . 
   some parts of britain are over-crowded and unrecognisable from a generation ago because of immigration most of that migration is non-eu migration . 
  also , the inability for britain to build more housing is not the eu 's problem . 
  i do n't think it 's in stead of , it 's in addition to . 
  national identity is still very much number 1 though, 
  i mean , i think the reason for peace is the economic interdependence and that sort of goes hand in hand with the single market . 
  basically , i do n't think they are separate concepts . 
  the rare pun gained in translation . 
  and they all close at fucking 2 in the afternoon to make them useless . 
  but really , this is just from banks buying other banks and not wanting to deal with the shit from closing offices . 
  but really , if they just shut half the offices and moved those people to an afternoon shift , it would be amazing and i could actually go to the bank when i have time available . 
  we have less daylight , it 's just the same sunset time . 
  the sun rises later due to the timezone . 
  i prefer it , though . 
  i do n't care about going to work in the dark , i 'd rather have it in the evening . 
  it 's more depressing when it 's already dark when you leave work . 
  all the pages have quotes . 
  you should see the rest of the pages . 
  i actually kind of like all the pictures in mine . 
  i think i counted 32 eagles once on the standard passport . 
  mine now will have more since i have the 50 page version for my new one . 
  she looks pretty good for being 80 years old . 
  it 's a very old tradition . 
  yes . 
  the administration lets it through with one name so long as you are doing with a nie . 
  part of getting citizenship is a second surname . 
  iirc you can either use your mother 's or just double your original surname . 
  i will be doing the latter to avoid confusion with documents i have from before i was a citizen . 
  well , the constant constipation must mean no more spanish shitposting . 
  he very publicly acknowledged he was wrong about trump being the nominee , mostly because he did n't trust the numbers . 
  the rest do n't deny anything . 
  its ' not that he got anything wrong , giving trump a 30 % chance of winning is a huge amount . 
  it 's like if i were to tell you you most likely wo n't roll a 3 or a 4 on a 6 sided die but you do anyway and say i 'm wrong . 
  but you know , statistics are hard . 
  there were always black sheep . 
  people would have been ostracized and bullied to the point of being effectively exiled and it was really easy to just go join the army or go be a colonist and nobody would think twice about where you came from . 
  i work in a commercial role in an engineering company . 
  yeah , you need to know spanish for most jobs . 
  though you can get pretty good pay as an english teacher and not need it and it can actually be hard to find something that pays better , even after you 've learned spanish . 
  if you go to the coasts you can get jobs in tourism without speaking spanish either . 
  but yes , to be a regular professional here , you must absolutely know spanish . 
  [ the 538 final update before the election . 
  ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/final-election-update-theres-a-wide-range-of-outcomes-and-most-of-them-come-up-clinton/ ) that gave trump nearly a 1 in 3 chance of winning , just not being the favorite does n't mean they were wrong . 
  they were also widely criticized for being entirely to generous to trump . 
  we should want the euro to be a global reserve currency . 
  that 's very good for europe . 
  in the uk that means he 's legally not a foreigner . 
  well , part of it is that gibraltar is not a part of the united kingdom , so a uk flag would be incorrect . 
  ( though it is under its sovereignty ), 
   despite being a `` rich '' state , you should see the condition of schools , roads , and public transportation in california . 
  completely awful . 
  i 'm originally from the midwest . 
  california roads are a goddamned dream . 
  just did a road trip around there last month , no complaints about the physical state of the roads at all . 
  i remember back when i was in school in indiana , you would be constantly weaving to avoid holes in the road . 
  i get it 's a shitty climate for road maintenance but lots of east coast states , not to mention canada had vastly better roads . 
  you 're 18 . 
  now is the perfect time to go since you can basically start life the same . 
  i mean , i was 22 when i moved and i still feel more at home in spain than anywhere else . 
  it 's where i 've spent my adult life . 
  right , there absolutely has to be communication but this specific issue comes up on / r/legaladvice from time to time ( obviously in a us context , but most countries will be similar ) . 
  basically since being dead is usually considered a permanent condition , the communication is instructed for someone marked as dead to communicate that outward from wherever it may originate , also as a fraud prevention measure to prevent people from using that dead person 's identity ( for pensions or credit cards , etc. . . ) . 
  the situation is rare enough that it usually requires some manual intervention and is more about general service from the government rather than it infrastructure . 
  to quote the original . 
   calling them socialists in germany is like calling us liberals liberal . 
  it really has no meaning in that sense anymore . 
  that statement does n't make sense because us liberals * are * extremely liberal in the international sense . 
  let 's get some superior german engineers to build us an airport on an already existing airport . 
  it should be ready in 30 years or so . 
   in spain almost every young person says they 're fluent in english despite many not even being of b1 level . 
  i 've found lots of rural portugal is pretty monolingual . 
  something often forgotten around here is the median age in europe is around 40 so you have to remember half of people are older than that . 
  people always try to generalize from their friends and it completely ignores generations . 
  and if it makes you feel any better , you 'd be doing waay better than spain if the question was foreign languages . 
  the vast majority of people with 2 + languages here are going to be catalan , galician , and basque . 
  depends how much you 're willing to suffer . 
  it took me a few years but honestly i feel just as accepted as anyone else now in spain . 
  true you 'll never be a native in the same way , but just ask how you feel about friends from other countries in the uk ? 
  same rules apply . 
  honestly maybe even better since spanish people tend to really appreciate that someone learns the language ( despite having hundreds of millions of speakers ) . 
  i do n't know how much i like the idea of a single database for everyone . 
  that 's a single point failure . 
  so say your data ministry had an issue , then police could n't do their jobs , pensions would be delayed , etc. . . by distributing the data , you are also distributing the failure modes . 
   calling us liberals liberal using this in / r/europe is the most confusing thing ever . 
  they are pretty liberal ( in the sense that it 's used in europe ), 
  usually the `` accidentally marked dead '' thing is much harder to deal with with greater digital integration because it automatically gets distributed to all relevant agencies and then that datapoint exists in lots of places and can somehow come back into existence . 
   norway is part of schengen , which means has freedom of movement for what it 's worth schengen and freedom of movement are completely separate ideas . 
  schengen would n't really work without freedom of movement , but as an example , i do n't have freedom of movement rights ( non-eu citizen ) though i do live in the schengen area . 
  schengen is only about open borders and freedom of movement could apply across controlled borders ( the uk being the biggest example ) . 
  norway has to abide by freedom of movement due to its membership in the single market . 
  because they also have obligations with those benefits that the uk has stated they are n't willing to follow . 
  freedom of movement and regulation for the single market being the big ones . 
  the case of switzerland is more complicated and is mostly a legacy of decades of piecemeal agreements . 
  the eu has said they 'd be unwilling to do something similar again and even if it happened , there 'd not be time to negotiate that sort of framework in 20 months .
