  because there is already established right of way that does n't have to destroy anything else and the city is already designed around it ? 
  can we just all calm down and wait to see what the investigation actually says before everyone just deciding the causes are due to whatever agrees with their personal political persuasion ? 
  this needs a real investigation and that will take time . 
  for now , i do n't know that i 'd take the chancellor 's understanding for building codes and we need to wait to see exactly what happened . 
  the tender for the renovation is going to be the key document for exactly what was specified . 
  god that would be a shit show here . 
   more recently there 's been a successful campaign to insert a union flag onto our photocard driving licences ... that seems unreasonably petty . 
  i love that my license is a standard format so that it 's recognized everywhere despite not being in english . 
  we do n't have any indication of region at all . 
  used to have a province code but no longer . 
  it may be all they asked for . 
  france is apparently also sending aircraft and you can quickly get too many aircraft in the air and make it even worse for fighting the fire . 
  pay in europe is generally way less than you 'd get in the us . 
  that said , costs are generally way lower , too ( especially outside paris in france ) and not having to worry about health care costs helps a hell of a lot . 
  but it also means employees cost less money and i 'd say if you get to the point where you have a million euros you 're going to be living a lot better than if you had a million dollars . 
  it 's complicated and also just kind of what sort of culture do you want to live around . 
  personally , i think lyon would be an amazing city to make a start up . 
  industrious city , lots of new graduates , far lower costs , good weather , driving distance to the beach in the summer and to the alpine ski areas in the winter and the airport is surprisingly well connected around europe . 
  the unemployment rate among highly skilled people is definitely not 10 % . 
  and bringing in people that generally make a lot of money also means those people will be spending a huge amount of money in france as well as contributing more in taxes than they receive . 
  people always seem to forget immigrants are consumers , too and it 's not like there 's a fixed amount of `` economy '' to go around . 
  you can make it so it 's better for everyone . 
  i 'm assuming it was intentionally put at 4 years to force a renewal before permanent residency rights kick in at 5 years so they can see if they want to let you stay or not . 
  yeah , it makes it easier to draw employees from around the world . 
  northern italy might be a good bet . 
  it 's every bit as industrial and productive as germany but with a southern european twist . 
  it depends if you count taxes that employer pays on your behalf . 
  those are extremely low in denmark . 
   a spouse visa does not allow you to work in most countries . 
  it absolutely does if the marriage is to an eu citizen . 
  it 's eu law . 
  the spouse actually has the right to work even before the visa is processed . 
  it 's great . 
  source : non eu citizen married to a spaniard and it was literally the same form for spouses of spanish citizens as eu citizen . 
  in some case it 's easier for eu than local citizens ( see uk ... for now ), 
  honestly , 18k $ seems to be a pretty reasonable threshold for launching a startup in a foreign country . 
  i mean it 's a fair amount , but if you ca n't get the capital equivalent to the price of a volkswagen , maybe you should n't be moving abroad to start a business . 
  france is hard if you have zero french skills . 
  but i found i really only needed a month or two of solid study to get to a level where i could navigate the country just fine . 
  people are annoyed if you go in and just start a conversation in english which i find understandable . 
  but if you muddle a sentence or two everyone is more than happy to try and find the point of franglais that works for that interaction . 
  also , french people that study spanish seem to absolutely love speaking spanish above all else . 
  if you 're in the sort of job where they 'll easily give you a visa to go to the us and make a lot of money there , you 're going to be able to live in an area where your kids will be going to a great public high school . 
  the issue in the us is the differences between good and bad school systems ( and the funding differences are n't actually that bad ), 
  his whole idea is to make french-style regulation a thing of the past in france . 
  so yeah ... probably right . 
  also , once you get past a certain size you have to open a local subsidiary rather than operating across borders which is a huge issue limiting growth . 
  considering it was centuries before mohammed lived , seems hard for them to have been muslims . 
   clearly the best way to get a republican to back down on his stance is to have a democrat agree with him . 
  remember when mcconnell filibustered his own bill because the democrats thought it was reasonable . 
  that was equal parts sad and hilarious . 
  oh absolutely . 
  but it was just kind of a program i fell into . 
  is n't eurozone automatically yes for esm ? 
  just seems like it 's combining two answers with those . 
  if it 's an ip issue in spain , blame sgae . 
  that said , i have no idea if patent union includes copyrights as well . 
  well , that 's kind of macron 's whole agenda and it looks like he 's going to get a massive majority in the an . 
  let 's see what actually happens for what he 's able to deliver . 
  i 'd expect him to get as much as possible through this summer while schools are out and people are on vacation as it will minimize the impact of strikes , but i 'd still bet there 's going to be a lot of industrial action this summer . 
   inb4 : people telling me a degree does n't mean anything ans completely disregarding my `` more likely '' part of my post . 
  while true , my masters was ridiculous and is pretty much just to make my cv look better . 
  i learned a few things in a year that i could have seriously learned in 2 days of serious study . 
  but whatever , everyone in our program is doing reasonably well as professionals , so it still may be a bit true even if the actually degree is n't why . 
  probably more likely a selection bias from the group of people willing to go for masters in the first place . 
  so you 've been asked your favorite , what were your least favorite places on the trip ? 
  ac on metro systems is a double edged sword . 
  all that heat has to go somewhere so it 's moved into the tunnels so that makes it so waiting on the platforms is much hotter . 
  unless you do the entirely enclosed tunnel thing ( hong kong does this iirc ), 
  yeah , though i 'm going to indonesia in a few weeks , i may not have thought this ` travel away from the heat thing ' all the way through . 
  i 'm in the dubai airport now and they said it was 37\u00ba at 8am when we arrived . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not actually leaving the airport . 
  it can snow in lots of places in spain and winter sports are quite popular . 
  we 're not a tropical country . 
  it 's probably more the other way around , honestly with spain being arab influenced . 
  just wait until december and you can go to the beach, 
  it 's hard to say as typically a plant like that wo n't be taking in crude but some feed stock that 's already established . 
  ethylene is the big one and both oil and gas can be used as sources ( as well as some other processes but they are much less used ) and the quantity of quality feed stocks varied depending on the qualities of oils used going into a refinery . 
  typically these plants will have a pipeline from a refinery to just use product directly . 
  talking about barrels in a situation like this is n't really accurate . 
  my logic was `` fuck this , i 'm going to winter '' so i 'm in the southern hemisphere now . 
  thank god for work trips . 
  no , but seriously i was talking to people back home and they say it 's just awful . 
  seriously , they support scandinavian style markets . 
  the best quote is do you want to protect workers or protect jobs . 
  one makes things dynamic and the other makes things inflexible and promotes being poor in the long term . 
  also , it 's possible to make everyone richer . 
  there 's not a limited amount of value in the world . 
  you do n't have to make someone else lose in order to win yourself . 
  does it have ads-b ? 
  is it on flightradar24 ? 
  germany is also notable because you have to renounce to get german citizenship . 
  it may not be uncharted but exploring all kind of new places in the world is plenty exciting still . 
  even with globalization making some things the same everywhere , it 's great going and just seeing how different things can be elsewhere . 
  and thanks to globalization again , it 's now cheaper than ever . 
  nothing 's wrong with it . 
  i 'm an immigrant myself , and from a richer country than spain . 
  i have no problem saying that i am a migrant but i 'm also not spouting off about how immigration is a problem and voting to limit migrations and do n't have to square that circle mentally . 
   people no longer see having a child or having a family particularly important . 
  the problem with birthrates go beyond just welfare programs .
