  it 's just almost unworkable to really be a part of society and not speak spanish . 
  alicante 's pretty much lost already , though . 
  is chile the new australia of africa ? 
  skilled tradesmen have a very low unemployment rate in the us . 
  plus anyone who would be willing to relocate to alberta has pretty much already gone to the bakken boom in north dakota for pretty much the same work , and there are still shortages in america . 
  legally speaking , it 's an entirely different entity . 
  i do n't understand it entirely . 
  is n't the fact that they do n't have a padr\u00f3n a major issue since it 's hard to allocate funding right ? 
  spain is being forced into a lot of its austerity through the eu and even though the right wing government is more willing to cut , they would probably like more public investment as well . 
  more importantly is that expansionist policies in germany might lead to positive inflation , something that we really , really need here . 
  deflation is massively delaying spanish recovery since keeping money saved at 0 % is an acceptable investment that is actually providing a real return . 
  while i 'm not able to buy a house yet , i certainly would n't if i had the money knowing that i can get much more value than i pay in rent by just waiting . 
  since 2008 renting is actually better from a long term investment point of view . 
  washington as a state is only the state at the top left . 
  washington the city is actually not in a state and is between maryland and virginia , but you ca n't see it on the map since it 's just the territory of the actual city . 
  happy to take vacation money and construction contracts . 
  most people outside of the uk do n't really understand the idea of a country made up of countries tbh . 
  i mean , it 's logical that the administrative level below country is not country . 
  a lot about the uk is n't logical , it 's like how the city of london is n't in greater london and greater london is n't really a city but a city of cities . 
  it makes no sense !, 
  i would say it 's about the same . 
  everyone knows the big ones . 
  ( california , texas , florida , uk , spain , france ) and after that it 's really a crapshoot . 
  i was just surprised at how few people got new york state . 
  is that really a `` mass protest '' by ukranian standards ? 
  people kind of filling a single square would n't qualify in my mind . 
   the question must 've thrown them off , no way only 7 % of british people define themselves as european . 
  could it be as european first ? 
  i would imagine the average priority in the uk would be england/scotland ( sorry other parts ) first , uk second , eu third . 
  with the first two pretty interchangable . 
  except the penalty for the us is half the assets in the account . 
  for any assets over usd50k . 
  also , i have to declare my taxes every year to the us . 
  i 'm not a us resident and the only time any of my money even touches the us is when i happen to be back for work or family . 
  as a us citizen , just look at fatca . 
  it 's kind of shocking how clear the divide is in many countries . 
  specifically looking at italy and england . 
  i 'm also amused by how clear aberdeen is with its oil money . 
  in addition to the whole t\u00fa / usted/impersonal thing , i would add to say : el museo abre a las 10h / 11h this avoids the whole am/pm thing . 
  sounds like not horrible news . 
  shitty that it 's temporary contracts replacing indefinite ones , but it seems to be things being better than they were . 
  and the whole aut\u00f3nomo situation could be good or bad . 
  i think spain will need a lot of entrepeneurs to get out of the crisis but will find that with so much educated talent willing to work for such little money , the international community will come soon . 
  the end point of all of this is the sad truth that not getting worse is unequivocal good news at this point . 
  now we just need to stabalise the price of housing . 
  honestly , it seems like just the youth that are so depressed about everything . 
  everyone else saw the crises of the fall of the dictatorship and the economic crises of the 90s . 
  it 's not the end of the world and after housing prices stabilize , spain will have some of the best valued labour in the world . 
  nowhere else in europe can you get that level of educated workers for that sort of price . 
  seriously , it 's already happening with exporting and global businesses . 
  it 's european quality at korean prices , who would n't jump on that . 
  my first language is actually english so i have a much better ear for phonemes than most native spanish folks . 
  it still drives me nuts and in portugal i end up either just speaking english or talking at people and generally ignoring whatever it is they say to me and it usually works . 
  as it 's almost always related to wanting pastel de nata or other bollos , it always ends in happiness . 
  italian drives me absolutely crazy . 
  i understand enough to hear words and know kind of what 's going on . 
  but not enough to really understand it . 
  if someone was speaking very slow to be understood , i 'd probably get it . 
  but we ca n't understand you guys at all !, 
  the international waters defence is about as poor as you can get . 
  would n't that mean they were just effectively being pirates ? 
  my hastily performed , armchair analysis would say the rig workers would have been fully within their rights to just shoot anyone trying to board . 
  have you tried going to a small town ? 
  i worked with the son of a mayor from a town in guadalajara who always said i could have gotten married at any time . 
  i do n't know if it 's true since i ended up going through with it officially in madrid . 
  i find a car to not be a life necessity , but definitely one of my more basic wants . 
  i really enjoy leaving the city often . 
  and as i 'm looking for new work , it 's ofen even required to have your own car . 
  no snow patrol ? 
  i 've never once paid to use a bathroom in spain . 
  i 've rarely seen places that even charge . 
  there 's othing better on a frigid day than warming up with steaming chocolate and fried dough . 
  also from the us and i do n't know if madrid is getting constantly more stressful or if it 's just the natural development of more respnosibility in life . 
  but i seem to be finding things are getting better as far as customer facing employees in the private sector at least . 
  there is no hope for the funcionarios . 
  that said , what you describe is completely true for pretty much everything outside of the m-40 / m-50 . 
  why i love my weekends away from the city . 
  it 's like the gypsy camp right next to caja m\u00e1gica . 
  exactly , and considering spain is in a deflationary cycle , that 's exactly what 's needed . 
  that 's honestly not that much money over 7 years . 
  especially when you think of all the people that would come visit . 
  let 's party like it 's 1783 . 
  a lot of them do . 
  why does s. california have so many mexicans when there are better working conditions elsewhere ? 
  just kind of how proximity works . 
  there are a lot of illegal jobs . 
  and basically , it just has to be better than morocco for it to be attractive to immigrants . 
  that 's basically what i 'm arguing . 
  that 's it 's bullshit to say one or the other is more important . 
  they ideally go together and support each other . 
  i see britain due to having a fair amount of edl types as well as a fair amount of snp sentiment in scotland . 
  germany is coming to a period of economic dominance while the wwii generation dies off and those errors become more a historical , rather than first-hand experience . 
  spain is basically dealing with immigration for the first time in its history . 
  historically people left spain . 
  i grew up in the us . 
  i feel more like i 'm in spain than the us when i go to the uk . 
  it 's just such a strange feeling seeing as how it 's everyone speaking my native language but the country feels just so un-native to me . 
  i think thinking that the two views are mutually exclusive is ridiculous . 
  i do n't think inequality is in itself a bad thing . 
  ( of course when the state encourages it , it 's bad ) that said , the idea of having basic needs met by the state is not saying that individual fortunes are in ones own hands .
