  while i could n't stay awake to watch last night , as a chicago fan , i 'm sooo happy we spoiled the brett favre retirement night . 
  the season is now a success . 
  the problem is foreign students need to have money first because they do n't have access to the loans us students do . 
  there is no way ( well extremely limited ways ) where losing money will make you more money because of paying less in taxes . 
  taxes do n't work that way . 
  what was more likely is that they promised for theatrical release but then decided that it would be a flop in theaters so would n't spend the marketing budget ( which can easily be most of the budget of making a movie like this ) for the theatrical release but needed to fulfill a contract clause so send it to a single theater that does n't have enough demand so is happy to show that rather than something else that could make more . 
  in the mean time they prepare the dvd packet and sales to random television channels and they are still probably likely to come out pretty close to even . 
  i would have thought we would n't have more people living in flats than the former communist countries , but ... i guess i 'm not that shocked . 
   russia designating turkey as a dangerous tourist destination considering turkey , israel and tunisia are the only places russians can go to the med without a visa , unlikely to have all that much effect . 
  `` i 'm not touching you ! '', 
  it shows where it was when it was hit , not when it was shot at . 
  could be a very important difference in this case . 
  i remember this story from earlier this year as well . 
  http://www.elconfidencial.com/ultima-hora-en-vivo/2015-02-06/el-nuevo-enlace-electrico-con-francia-entrara-en-operacion-este-semestre_488274/ things are being done . 
  we are working on it . 
  spain/portugal is pretty cut off from the rest of europe as far as gas supplies . 
  there is 1 24 '' pipeline through the pyrenees in navarre that connects to the french network . 
  biarritz is connected to the spanish network , though and there are projects to connect that to the rest of the french network as well as connect through catalonia . 
  good source : http://www.gie.eu/index.php/maps-data/system-development-map, 
  the turkey/greece relationship is like between siblings that do n't like each other . 
  they poke back and forth but in the end they both know neither want 's to really do anything serious . 
  that seems quite a bit different from a much more hostile nation that is actively waging a campaign very near your border . 
  15 seconds can be surprisingly long in a tense situation and i would say they are allowed to be exceptionally strict regarding military operations and border security given the events going on on the other side of that border . 
  after all 15 seconds at top speed can be almost 6km of land covered , that 's not insignificant in a situation like this . 
  russia ( as well as everyone else ) also has a habit of playing `` i 'm not touching you '' with military maneuvers so it 's sort of a precedent to show that turkey wo n't just take it as soon as they actually violate their airspace . 
  i 've seen a similar thing with spanish engineers to germany . 
  it 's not so much a scam as much as they pay a lower salary than they would to a local , but it 's still so much higher than the potential emigrant was expecting that they are happy as well . 
  agencies usually cover a commission and may even cover cross certification but you could probably just look on your own and do much better than getting a middle man involved . 
  you know [ ups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uninterruptible_power_supply ) is a thing right ? 
  and military bases will have diesel backups . 
  getting better is not the same as doing well . 
  things are getting better but we still have awhile to go . 
  fyi , any real business needs to pay for it otherwise there is no enforceable contract regarding the transfer of the intellectual property as there is no consideration on your part . 
  that 's part of why you see 1 $ contracts for crazy things , it makes it an actually enforceable deal . 
  56 people killed , it 's just low right next to the 11-m madrid bombings . 
  i 'm in the industry and i just do n't care enough . 
  about the only think i care about is what price companies base their investments on and that 's around $ 60/bbl right now . 
  like i said , very few people in the industry actually obsess over the price because there 's not much you 're going to do to change it . 
  especially if you are n't actually in a company involved in production . 
  all we can do is react to the market anyway . 
  as someone in the oil industry . 
  anyone who pretends to know what the price will be in 6 months is full of it . 
  it 's crazy volatile and everyone only seems to have it clear in hindsight as there are a shit load of variables involved and it 's hard to know what 's actually important . 
  also , about the only people that even look at the price on more than a monthly basis are those involved with the actual trading . 
  i could tell you i 'm pretty sure it 's between $ 45-50 / bbl right now but i have n't actually checked in a few weeks because it 's only major trends that matter for the infrastructure . 
  the same thing would n't be nearly as damaging now . 
  i do n't know the exact order but the worlds top 5 producers are usa , canada , mexico , saudi , russia . 
  so opec is n't nearly as powerful as it once was . 
  also , if we somehow got people to stop buying saudi oil ( the point of how that happens seems to be getting glossed over but we already mostly do n't buy their oil and good luck convincing india and china ) the price would go up but opec would break . 
  iran , at least , would see it as an opportunity to get the best of the saudis and venezuela is barely getting by with what 's it 's producing now , so at least those two major producers have massive incentive to leave opec if they try to use it as a method of controlling . 
  once it 's truly broken , the rest of the opec countries ( kuwait being the major one ) would have no advantage in maintaining no oil supplies so would just keep on pumping . 
  but yeah , this is all just a stupid mental game because india , china , rest of asia has no qualms about saudi petroleum . 
  aramco is building massive refineries to be able to better export distillates as well . 
  all i can say is keep it up . 
  it will get really frustrating and can take years go get completely comfortable but at some point you 'll just kind of stop noticing that it takes any conscious effort to listen to things and it just all kind of clicks naturally . 
  that 's why one of the important phrases to learn is `` je ne parle pas fran\u00e7ais '' . 
  travel from turkey is being monitored pretty heavily as well . 
  maybe for you citizens . 
  i believe mine are able to be used because i 'm not a citizen . 
  bosnia , albania , indonesia , malaysia , bangladesh do n't seem to be too much of a hotbed, 
   they ( particularly the regime ( with russian air support + shia groups from iran ) and the kurds ( with usa air support ) ) are almost in a race to prove who is the better isis killer/who can take more territory from isis . 
  well ... great . 
  i like that competition . 
  terrorism was almost always a domestic issue in general , though . 
  ira and eta were both domestic issues . 
  and at least in spain 's case , the border with france was n't free but plenty of smuggling happened . 
  i pay less in fuel per km or mile or whatever in europe than i do when borrowing my parents ' pick-up truck back home because the differences in efficiency are so striking . 
  of course they do n't actually use it for hauling anything and have rigged a special box for normal hauling that about the size of the back of my astra . 
  obviously more in madrid but even in other places carrefours or alcampos ( spanish auchan ) would n't have even been open on sundays . 
  now pretty much every shopping mall is open all day every day . 
  for me just little social cues . 
  things like how strict scheduling is in the us ( like you should be at an 8:30 meeting at 8:25 ) . 
  level of dress , like for me if you do n't need to be wearing a coat and tie , jeans are perfectly fine . 
  among friends i always go in for the kisses among girls out of habit and while people find it endearing from a foreigner , they find it weird and pretentious from a `` local '' without knowing my backstory . 
  i meant more what `` closing the borders '' means from a logistical standpoint . 
   closed what does this actually mean for intra-schengen ? 
  i 'm assuming all public transport stopped and maybe motorways but it seems impossible to close all road borders . 
  that has n't been true for a few years now since the law was changed . 
  tons of stuff is open on sunday now . 
  they are even starting 24 hour carrefours . 
  if he actually cared about the cause at this point he would step aside because he just does n't have the support he needs . 
  instead , it 's just more distraction to make sure nobody talks about what cdc has actually done ahead of the general election so they can get as much as possible in the national parliament . 
  i 'm all for legitimate debate and i 'm personally for a true federal state but the execution of this is pure farce . 
  this is my life . 
  almost my entire adult life has been in spain . 
  but i 'm from the us so when i 'm in the us or with us working culture or something , i am a complete foreigner but i do n't look or sound like one at all . 
  all of that point is completely mitigated by the fact that the catalan people voted overwhelmingly in favor of the constitution . 
  there was basically no movement to protest the language that was very specifically anti-independence . 
  there was at least some attempt to boycott in the basque country so you ca n't say it was n't known . 
  the position of madrid is that it 's the government 's obligation to enforce the law . 
  if people would like to vote to change the law , then that can be done but the independence parties are n't even trying for that . 
  as it is right now , even according to how things work in catalonia , they would n't have enough support to change electoral law , but they are using it to declare independence . 
  artur mas has been absolutely shameless this week in making sure that the process is about him . 
  convergencia is now directly financing judicial bonds to get their corrupt members out of jail and it 's become clear in the last month or so just how much they have fucked people over ( it was always known but the true scale is mind boggling ) so they have to yell even louder . 
  the guardian likes to call taxing less subsidizing so are these actual , technical subsidies or is it just lowering tax burdens ? 
  i get really suspicious when people talk about `` subsidies to oil companies '' because i have even seen being allowed to deduct expenses and paying taxes on profit as part of that . 
  ( you know ... like every business ), 
  madrid is actually one of the major world centers for major engineering companies , which is my career so there is plenty of work around here . 
  but yeah , people that generally complain about bureaucratic stuff or general quality of life issues generally have n't had to deal with that stuff abroad which is pretty comparable . 
  seriously nothing can beat the bureaucratic hell that is the us federal government .
