  i 've been shuttling to paris for work a lot . 
  i can talk about engineering and alcohol in french before my language runs out . 
  they do n't want coal and have effectively gotten rid of nuclear in germany . 
  they are delusional about how modern electricity system work . 
  they are going to be paying crazy amounts for gas fired base load . 
  suiza vs suecia in spanish . 
  they get mixed up all the time . 
  yeah , it 's that you guys have so many more sounds in the language . 
  we just ca n't hear all your vowels and stuff . 
  that 's because you understand spanish just from speaking portuguese but we ca n't understand anything the other way . 
  i agree. , but `` only country in eu which uses language everybody learns '' is incorrect . 
  yeah , i had no idea . 
  though i did see eu flags on the city buses this morning and was wondering why . 
   a landlocked country uhh ... hamburg is a rather large port . 
  uh , us joined in europe because germany declared war first . 
  america was definitely going to go against japan , but then hitler held up his end of the alliance and declared war on the us . 
  probably a stupid move on his part as there was still a large contingent not wanting to get involved in europe . 
  yeah , i responded that i looked at it myself . 
  man , the system is a mess , every time i think about how i 'd like to change it , i see all kinds of problems . 
  i just looked at the numbers and parties that have more representation than proportion of votes in the current congress are pp/psoe/ciu / amaiur/pnv/gbai ( did n't even know they existed ) parties that were underrepresented iu/upyd/erc / bng/cc/equo / fac so ... it seems that it 's not as clear cut as i put it except for clearly punishing parties that have a low and geographically distributed support . 
  i am personally okay with a system that would give a slim majority to a party that had such a convincing victory . 
   immigration policy and being only country in eu which uses language everybody learns which makes it go to place for every immigrant . 
  ireland and malta unnoticed again . 
  we at least have proportional representation . 
  so the issue is only that regional parties get favored because of the quasi-federal setup of how the elections work . 
  pp/rajoy won 44 % here in spain . 
  it was a massive landslide . 
  this year will be very different . 
  knowing nothing about her , the speech was perfect for the moment . 
  all she basically has to do is be extremely unremarkable at this point for a great future because now everyone already knows her name . 
  as someone originally from the us , it 's absolutely workable to have two tax collection systems, 
  as an outside observer . 
  i am simply astonished that an absolute majority was able to happen out of this year . 
  i think it depends on if labour is actually willing to give up scotland as lost . 
  if they are to exist primarily as an english party , well then they might go for it . 
  as someone that is n't really in favor of psoe , i really think s\u00e1nchez was the best salesman for the party . 
  dude is immaculately designed to be a politician . 
  i mean , i do try to keep into generally decent shape , but i 'd be lying if i said i had n't put on 10 kg since i 've gotten married and it 's pretty much all due to time . 
  personally , i 'm more concerned with physical fitness to keep my heart healthy and have more energy for when we have kids that demand it . 
  i would also hate to have to buy a whole new suit collection , so that 's some good motivation for a weight ceiling as well . 
  germany seems to me to be a place where i 've seen a fair amount of overweight people but not many really obese people . 
  like it 's pretty normal to have 10-20kg extra but start getting much beyond that and it 's less common . 
  i 'm sure it exists but just my anecdotal observation . 
  note that i mainly deal with middle aged german businessmen so that may really skew my observations . 
  well , onions and beans may be a dealbreaker i suppose . 
  i 'm right there with him . 
  i manage since one of my favorite things is running in different cities so i make sure to bring my trainers . 
  but seriously , you get stuck with hours to do nothing and free alcohol around , i 'm bound to have a few beers and whatever snacks they have out in the lounges . 
  i travel a lot , but not as excessively as others in my office ( i 'm on the road like one day a week normally ) and airports are seriously the worst . 
  especially when money is basically unimportant since even if you spend in a restaurant , you will just submit the expense report for it . 
  well , yeah you get a voice at the table but you do n't get a vote . 
  this is n't a crazy prospect , it 's what norway has . 
  but it 's a false choice in the first place since nobody is asking the uk to join schengen or give up sterling . 
  the whole position is an advocacy piece in the first place that is n't actually a position anyone in power is taking . 
  what benefit would that have over the current arrangement though except for giving up voting rights ? 
  i am originally from the us but i have an extremely irish surname . 
  seeing as how i am naturalizing spanish , it 's just too much of a mess for me to even really bring up so any irish people just tend to be confused by my silence on the matter and bring it up to me . 
  i mean , i would consider myself part of the diaspora , but not much else . 
  bmi may have issues for a person , but it 's particularly useful for large populations . 
  this is essentially exactly what bmi was made for . 
  in my personal example , i used to work out all the time as a healthy way to pass time because at the end of the day , being single is about avoiding being bored . 
  fast forward to today with more responsibilities at work and having married and i actively have to plan time to work out . 
  i like to just get up a half hour early and run so i do n't need to shower any more but it 's really easy to see how it can fail and i will go months falling out of my good habits sometimes and it 's always really shitty getting back into running . 
  ( i 'm starting again now and just 2-3k in the morning is killer ) . 
  also , at the end of the day , gym time does little for weigh loss which comes from the kitchen and the prevailing diet in the uk is really shitty . 
  and yeah , when you 'll get laid no matter what you eat the motivation changes a lot . 
  but what does that mean ? 
  what aspects are `` core '' and what are n't . 
  would we be forced to include the canary islands in the eu vat area , for example ? 
  would france be forced to place french guyana in schengen ? 
  what about places like jersey which are n't in the eu now despite essentially being under the rule of an eu country ? 
  also it 's just not advantageous to kick out some of the richer members ( sweden , uk , denmark ) for things like not using the euro . 
  at the end of the day you get the agreement that works , not the ideal and this sort of attitude is a perfect example of letting the perfect be the enemy of the good . 
  the issue is basically germany sees a schengen border with turkey as a direct path for unwanted immigration so they want to be really sure that bulgaria and romania can handle it . 
  they may be being unreasonable , but those are there motivations and it 's not all that unwarranted imo . 
  conflating schengen with free movement shows a fundamental misunderstanding of both it would seem . 
  they are not related to each other at all ( well except for the fact that schengen would be a terrible idea without free movement behind it ) . 
  i live in schengen and have no free movement ( non-citizen ) . 
  a uk citizen lives outside of schengen but does have free movement and romanians and bulgarians have all the rights of free movement at this point . 
  the only exception right now is croatia and they are following all the necessary steps and it will soon be removed . 
  also , no eu citizen has any restriction to at least visit another eu country which is what the visa-free entry is about in the first place . 
  they certainly make me go round the world . 
  i like money . 
  honestly , the numbers are probably something like working until you 're 70 and slightly higher social security taxes . 
  personally i will be working until i ca n't any more , but i do management stuff so it 's not exactly physically taxing except for the travel . 
  we just have tons of immigrants here . 
  serves the same purpose and is often better from a long term perspective as they will often work here and then retire to their home country so you get the social security contributions and then do n't have to pay for the most expensive part of medical care in old age . 
   i do n't understand why so many people feel as though the eu , ez creditors and imf have been operating all this time in good faith , when it is clear that they have all been gaming the system , media etc. 
  to box greece in to an agreement that is favorable to them . 
  because that 's the nature of how power works and greece is not in a powerful position . 
  right or wrong it is what is and being a firebrand wo n't change things and syriza 's approach has just had a complete lack of seriousness as to how to deal with the actual problem at hand . 
  i honestly do n't think it 's ideological so much as the people involved have so little experience running large organizations , never mind governments . 
   being in a monetary union without a transfer mechanism , while at the same time being both bound by treaty and by political pressure to manage debt is what puts them ( and everyone else ) at the mercy of others . 
  so do n't go out of your way to join that monetary union and then bitch at the consequences . 
  they are not exclusive terms . 
  if i go to a bank and ask for a loan to start a business and my business plan is things like `` i can not accurately predict market conditions in years so earnings can not be accurately placed '' they 'll come back and say `` we can not accurately say we will lend you money '' . 
  you need specific , measurable targets and it never works out exactly as you expect , but that 's not the point . 
  the point is you then see what sort of corrective action needs to be taken because of why and how much you missed the target . 
  or even in the opposite direction , how you are exceeding expectations . 
  that 's why you hear so much about `` revised forecasts '' and such in economic news .
