  as in she did n't have the right to vote because you have to have lived in the uk within the last 10 years . 
  seems like a pretty valid concern for something like this . 
  perhaps it 's just from my perspective in that i 'm from indiana and moved to spain . 
  and in spain the population is concentrated is like a donut with people on the coasts and madrid ( and the islands ) the rest is very , very empty . 
  my in-laws live in the interior which has a population density in line with vermont , mississippi and arizona . 
  ( and is quite a large area , too ), 
  i stick with east of the mississippi . 
  ohio , illinois , tennessee , mississippi , alabama are all fairly populated , but yeah , northern wisconsin and michigan are pretty sparse . 
  but yeah , worth considering when people talk about rail infrastructure in the us . 
  there 's plenty of people to make it work in lots of places . 
  i disagree with your premise . 
  the world is in probably the best state it 's been in forever . 
  shit has always been happening and increased communication means we actually pay more attention to it . 
  iirc , every year there are fewer deaths by violence but a huge amount of those are in places like africa where nobody cared in the first place so they do n't give a fuck about it getting better , either . 
  the world 's been going to hell for thousands of years but it never seems to get there . 
  does n't mean there may not be some relative or even absolute decline for certain groups , though . 
  us east of the mississippi is generally around the same population density as western europe . 
  new jersey has a higher population density than the netherlands , for example . 
  what happens in the us is people do n't realize just how sparsely populated the west is prior to the coast . 
  it 's something like there are more people within a 20 mile radius of manhattan than the entire mountain timezone . 
  and all of that is discounting alaska which is just another level of uninhabited and a massive amount of land . 
  ohio is more densely populated than the uk and it 's generally thought of as pretty rural . 
  that said , scotland brings it way down . 
  if it 's just england , it 's still less dense than new jersey but it 's on that sort of scale . 
  and new jersey also has lots of rural areas that are quite nice you can see if you leave the turnpike . 
  well i mean the land that is currently turkey . 
  i mean the ottomans , byzantines , romans , greeks were all hugely important players as european powers . 
  byzantine = islam ... got it . 
  even so , the ottomans were very much so a major player in europe . 
  i do n't get why they do n't count as `` european '' . 
  same could be said for lots of these . 
  especially in africa where borders have changed a lot . 
  right , the whole independent country under the sovereignty of another is pretty close to the textbook definition of a colony . 
  that the people living there are content with the situation is just about the legitimacy of it , but they are , in practice , modern colonies . 
  that 's why i specified saba since it 's a municipality in the country , rather than the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  ( i think you 'll see i was careful with my wording ), 
  and alexander 's conquests before that, 
  they 're way too small to see 2 . 
  it 's more complicated than they `` are dutch territories '' since those are not part of the country of the netherlands ( saba , otoh would count ) but still basically colonies . 
  i mean , germany was a fairly minor player and just had namibia and tanzania . 
  france was fairly expansive and is the current reason why the eu exists in the pacific and indian oceans as well as the land territory in s. america . 
  i mean , turkey under `` partial control or influence '' ? 
  they 've been part of the mediterranean game of power for millennia . 
  french guyana . 
  it is fully a part of france . 
  it 's always a fun bit of trivia that france 's longest border is with brazil . 
  it 's also where the esa launches rockets since it 's the closest eu territory to the equator . 
  really , you 're going to ignore france in the colonization game ? 
  are there more benefits available to single parents so parents may be single on paper in spite of reality . 
  seriously , notifying someone that they will be removed in the future is insane . 
  `` please do n't do anything to make it more difficult for us to forcibly remove you from the country in the intervening time . '', 
   i mean the us has a big problem with paperless people too this is true but being deported in the us means you are in custody until you are removed . 
  the port of algeciras and san roque refinery are huge sources of light there , too . 
  median tends to be about 85 % of the mean . 
  that would put median salary at around 25k $ remember , madrid has lots of funcionarios and the majority of working people are over 40 . 
  everyone only sees the world from their own perspective . 
  prices in the area are pretty in line with prevailing salaries imo . 
  average salary in madrid is around 27.5 k $ and average rent in for a 50 square meter flat is 400-500 $ in the suburbs and around 600 $ in the municipality of madrid . 
  it will be slightly more within the m30 but that 's always the case that there 's more demand in more central areas . 
  young people have always had a hard time starting out , almost everywhere . 
  yeah , you have to live with flatmates , but that 's normal in your 20s almost everywhere . 
  you ca n't take the time of the bubble as normal . 
  i know someone that was working on the bid for that building and one of the big issues of why it took so long is that since the original tower was started , they can still use the same foundations and it 's actually kind of hard to design around foundations rather than making foundations for what you want . 
   the euro was poorly implemented in both countries because of corruption . 
  prices and wages were not directly converted to the new currency . 
  they went up or down because of corruption . 
  spain 's problem was never public spending . 
  stop with this myth . 
  it was very clearly a private capital bubble . 
  wait , did you think i was saying it was cheap ? 
  going rate here for a kebab is like 3,50 $, 
  yeah , you need a dual sim . 
  you 'd be shocked at how good mobile signals are at knowing what country you 're in . 
  to me the most incredible was gibraltar . 
  like if they did n't have their own network , it would be just fine using the spanish one with no extra towers . 
  but right when you cross the border ( like probably 25m or so ) , your phone is already on their network . 
  i love how whatsapp has become so universal in europe that the screen is of an incoming whatsapp call . 
  yeah , i remember paying 10 francs for a kebab . 
  it was insane . 
  yeah , they probably could have negotiated a real referenum there agreed to by everyone but it 's in russia 's interest to create territorial disputes so ukraine ca n't join nato . 
  it 's under the uk 's sovereignty but it 's not a part of the uk . 
  the uk is the king of complicated relationships while unwinding empire . 
  the eu seems to think so . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_west_england_ ( european_parliament_constituency ), 
  is n't gibraltar the only bot where they are full british citizens ? 
  and that 's mostly done for the eu . 
  but yeah , legally it 's a fully different country and that 's more than just semantics , that 's the root of the whole issue with spain who says that a deal with the uk may not include gibraltar because gibraltar is n't a part of the uk . 
  it 's quality shitposting . 
  carry on !, 
  edit : we 've got gibraltar and catalonia going on in the same thread . 
  this is the spanish version of a balkans thread . 
  come on portugal , olivenza is ours !, 
  now what about calling foreign numbers ? 
  that 's the next big step . 
  you should check out some of the towns in portugal . 
  man ... the old women that live there have some strong legs . 
  i 've said before that the difference in visa policies between ireland and uk is n't an issue so long as it is edge cases . 
  right now the biggest issue would be south africans than can just fly to dublin , then get the ferry right on over to the uk with no visa check in the uk . 
  that said , there 's just not enough people doing that to warrant messing with the border situation . 
  but a place like ukraine that could just have a cheap ryanair/wizz flight to dublin and has a huge demand to get in could really mess that up .
