  ( but there is already a border between gibraltar and the rest of the uk ), 
  yeah , but i do n't get why you all get your knickers in a twist over polish taking jobs and all that but just do n't care about the flood of spaniards doing something similar . 
  just because it 's cold there and they were communists ? 
  because : 1 . 
  a huge part of n. irish politics is just kludging together workable solutions that do n't ignite sectarianism 2 . 
  the government wo n't allow a hard border between scotland and england 3 . 
  scotland is just a much larger part of the uk in general . 
  it might be the same model they use for gibraltar , too . 
  i think it 's becoming ever clearer that scotland needs to decide on uk or eu and joining eu will mean as a new member which will mean an obligation to join schengen and therefore a hard border should they go that route . 
  also an obligation to join the euro , but i doubt they 'll get serious about enforcing that anytime soon , but i do think they will eventually . 
  yeah , it 'd be denominated in $ , too so no transaction charge . 
  if health care is covered , absolutely . 
  doubly so if we can use it to negotiate some sort of free movement right for spaniards in the uk ( who seem to be generally popular despite taking a lot of the lowest wage jobs ) brits just seem to like spain a lot . 
  edit : spain holds a fair amount of cards with allowing special provisions for gibraltar , too . 
  i doubt we 'd drop our claim ( i agree , it 's stupid but whatever ) but the threat to close the border is real and between those two issues , i think spain will be able to keep spaniards working visa-free in the uk . 
  it 's obviously a lot easier to find books in english from amazon.co.uk we need amazon.ie, 
  sell the rumor , buy the news . 
  it was pretty much confirmed that this would be the case in the last couple days . 
  my crazy theory is that n.i. 
  will be allowed to stay in the common market even if not as a full eu member and a hard border will be placed between n.i. 
  and ruk ( think like between french guyana or reunion and metropolitan france ) that way it does n't mess with any provisions of the peace process and people born in n.i. 
  are already allowed irish passports to have free movement rights . 
  i think it would just require negotiating a way for long term british citizen residents in n.i. 
  to get irish citizenship to make it a workable kludge . 
  i imagine that they will try to strike a specific free movement deal with spain . 
  for whatever reason i do n't see many people in the uk fired up about spaniards coming to take jobs even though they get all fired up over polish people . 
  and i end up speaking spanish with low-wage people all the time in the uk . 
  it 's weird . 
  it requires private health insurance . 
  that 's a really big caveat . 
  the biggest issue in spain is the visa requires private health insurance . 
  though it 's easy enough to make an exception for uk residents who get it paid for by the nhs . 
  english had to steal the word ` ennui ' from french . 
  i think that 's just part of being french . 
  spain is optimistic about europe but would have a a massive majority that spain is going to shit . 
  nobody hates spain like the spanish . 
  yeah , we 're having the same sort of issues here . 
  one of the local alde parties ( not going into how regionalism and liberalism work here , but there are alde parties that hate each other because of differences on the catalan issue ) voted to keep the conservatives in government and it 's crazy apparent how much better behaved they are when they need a coalition compared to when they had an absolute majority . 
  i mean , not for a full on assault . 
  frankly through all of this i 'm kind of surprised finland is n't joining nato , as well . 
  especially being able to host forces within a couple days advance to st. petersburg would be a huge threat and keep plenty of russian troops diverted from other places even it it 's not a hot front . 
  i mean , that 's a big part of russia 's problem with estonia in nato in particular . 
  it 's around 70 km from a nato border to their second city . 
  and in the current environment , i would think finland would want a common defense backer . 
  i would find it really hard to imagine any european defense situation with the uk as a core member . 
  eu or not . 
  it 's not like eu has mattered up until now . 
  for that matter the norwegians are pretty critical for monitoring activity coming around scandinavia and making sure there 's pressure on russia 's norther border ( i.e. 
  leave it undefended and allies to to murmansk ), 
  i pray mattis has a very loud voice at the table . 
  he 's diplomatic but certainly not afraid to escalate and call the bluff when necessary and the west needs to stand up as a bloc . 
  unfortunately the last 75 years or so having that be based on us leadership seems to have changed overnight . 
  i mean , we still need the us for now , but we need to change things asap . 
  one of the effects of global warming is a lack of arctic ice and opening northern shipping passages , i would n't be surprised if murmansk becomes a major commercial port . 
  i thought the official car of portugal is a beat up corsa c. i always see a ridiculous amount of those old cars there . 
  yeah , but cheap, 
  while true , there 's also been a noticeable short term trend for the dollar in a flight to safety too . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  i mean , at least farenheit is mostly gone . 
  i 've only seen it in the uk with old people . 
  i grew up in the us and have basically forgotten it . 
  that said , even in metric places knowing inches/feet/miles is just kind of part of speaking english . 
  well , tweaking performance and emissions info . 
  not that i disagree with the original sentiment and most us sales are petrol , but that 's still a big deal, 
  it 's generally translated as joanna the mad https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joanna_of_castile, 
  the civil war is really just a civil war ( and the most recent one ) in spanish history . 
  i think the country we 've most gone to war with is ourselves . 
  i mean , they 're still sort of different but they are tried to be designed to be compliant with n. america and international standards . 
  but in the end , there are material differences , but they try to minimize them to keep costs down . 
  fixing that and harmonizing auto standards was going to be a big part of ttip ... but ... well , that ai n't happening now . 
  it would have hugely benefited european manufacturer 's too who could have started testing the huge us/canadian market . 
  chinese people fucking love american cars . 
  having a buick is like the greatest thing in the world there ... it 's weird . 
  i mean , it 's a declaration from a russian minister . 
  nobody has actually put any money down and the article is all pure speculation . 
  i can maybe see a spot for slow rail but a true high speed line would require basically reconstruction of the entire trans siberian network and it would be incompatible with other track gauges in russia , just seems like a non-starter to me . 
  edit : it appears the only primary source is from lyndon larouche 's website ... yeah ... i 'll keep on not believing this . 
  i mean , there would have to be a lot of a very , very niche category ( since if it 's already time sensitive , getting it in 10 hours versus 2 days is a huge advantage already ) and there are already a lot of planes making that trip . 
  it just seems like way too big of an investment for way too specific of a type of cargo and to top it off it would n't have nearly the flexibility of destination of air travel . 
  i mean , i 'd be pleasantly surprised to be wrong , but this sounds like headlines for a bridge over the strait of gibraltar to me . 
  just meant to sound cool , but in no way worth the costs over the existing alternatives . 
  i 'm going to be getting rid of my us citizenship very soon and i was sad about it . 
  all that 's going on is making me much , much more comfortable with that decision . 
  it 's like i do n't even recognize the country i grew up in anymore . 
  i mean , i came of age under w and the iraq war and that was nothing compared to this shit and i only see things getting way worse . 
  i honestly do n't see how the us can hold together another 25 years if things keep going at this rate . 
   every means of transport is generally cheaper than a plane . 
  trains are very often more expensive than aircraft . 
  only needing the physical infrastructure at each end of the trip is a big cost saver . 
  ( well , except for the atc , but that 's relatively cheap ), 
  yeah , but i still could n't imagine it 'd be cheaper than several planes . 
  high speed rail is generally not that great for long distance . 
  and if it 's not time sensitive , it would have to beat ship transport . 
  well , hopefully he can be a model for liberal politicians going forward . 
  he seems to be firmly in the alde camp . 
  as someone who identifies as a strong liberal/capitalist but generally does n't like the classical conservative parties , i 'm all for more of that style . 
  kazakhstan for most european country !, 
  weirdly he 's making the dollar stronger because us treasuries are just kind of the default safe investment around the world . 
  i , personally , would n't bet on that given how crazy they 've all been about defaulting recently , but whatever . 
  i doubt they 'd put that kind of apocalypse on their own party .
