   every hipster who thinks that catalonia should be an independent nation because they were told in college that george orwell wrote a book with the word catalonia in the title 80 years ago gets a nosebleed . 
  the part that gets me is catalan nationalism is born out of the right wing and xix century carlism , but because orwell was there as a leftist at an incredibly turbulent time , it 's become a leftist cause . 
  is the amazon development center open yet ? 
  i thought they just announced it would be in madrid but still nothing . 
   a very simple and obvious example is this map , it shows the highways on barcelona and madrid over the last 20 years . 
  even funnier is that while most of the madrid ones are free , most of the ones in barcelona are full of tolls !, 
  just to pick a point . 
  that 's entirely on the [ generalitat ] ( http://transit.gencat.cat/ ) . 
  the catalans argued for devolved competency and now that they do n't like the tolls , they blame madrid . 
  even though it 's all local . 
  also : i thought it was curious that i honestly could n't tell how to get that website in spanish yet i 'm always told how everything has to come bilingually . 
  but even the investment in the highways in madrid was mostly from the region of madrid rather than nationally . 
  a lot of the m30 was the city of madrid as well . 
  granted , i 'm not a native speaker , but spanish has been my primary language for years now in madrid and my wife grew up in madrid . 
  both of us get maybe once every other sentence . 
  like i said , probably pretty comparable to listening to italian . 
  i can tell you the general theme but i could n't be very specific about what is being talked about . 
  i mean , i would say if you spend a lot of time listening to catalan , you can learn to understand it , but it 's very much so not mutually intelligible . 
  i probably understand more of spoken italian , honestly . 
  it 's hard to say how intelligible spanish is for catalan speakers because there are very few catalan speakers who are not also native speakers of spanish . 
  ( maybe a few with french and that town in sardignia ) even in andorra , the vast majority grow up being able to speak spanish ( mostly because it 's easier to get movies and tv from spain where catalan is possible but limited ) . 
  spain will be 4/27 when uk leaves . 
  that 's an important member . 
  and yeah , france is pretty big on territorial integrity , too . 
  fair enough , i was just trying to point out russian interventionism outside of their borders has plenty of precedent . 
  porrazos for all !, 
  it 's all foreigners , too . 
  everyone with local flairs is appalled . 
  i feel like i 'm in crazy land . 
  if it were to ever get to the point of a real conflict , the foot soldiers would be lawyers , accountants and diplomats . 
  i do n't get this war fetish at all . 
  * iraq war was far from `` unthinkable '' . 
  * islamic terrorism has been a problem for far more than 15 years . 
  even just al-qaeda has been active for more than that * war in the middle east ... yes ... absolutely unthinkable before 15 years ago . 
  i do n't even know how to respond to that . 
  * nobody seriously thought there 'd never be economic crises . 
  and yeah , the governments did keep it from being anywhere near as bad as the great depression which was way worse . 
  * of course russian expansion and intervention was in the realm of possibility . 
  everyone knew that . 
  or are transnistria , abkhazia , nagorno-karabakh meaningless ? 
  honestly , this sounds like a group of 20 year olds saying `` the world should be this way '' and being sure of themselves and when it turns out wrong , they call it `` unthinkable '' the world as a whole is far more stable now due to the dying down of conflicts in asia , africa , and latin america . 
  too bad scotland is n't a country and ca n't recognize international partners . 
  even if they do get there , you really think they want to get on the bad side of a big eu member right when they would need to be in ascension talks ? 
  no ... they would n't . 
  nobody would accept that . 
  period . 
  it would never be civil war . 
  why use tanks when you can use banks . 
  the absolute worst case scenario : just say that for any benefit of the eu ( trade , free movement , structural funds , etc. . . ) has to go through the spanish government . 
  spain suspends the autonomy and demands that company doing business within its territory pays its full share of taxes to the spanish government meaning that the generalitat will basically have to tax on top of those taxes while the autonomy is suspended and they are not receiving any funds from the central government . 
  no eu country will accept catalonia as a recognized european union state so they will basically have no rights in europe under their own authority . 
  that 's really all that would be necessary to force a massive economic depression which would quash a lot of the middle of the road sympathizers . 
  now all of that said , neither convergencia ( or whatever they are now ) nor pp/psoe will let this happen as they both benefit from having the other as an antagonist . 
  see how the catalan nationalists were willing to abstain to get rajoy into government . 
  i was going by what they were saying of 2000-3000 $ a month for it stuff . 
  nobody is talking about minimums here . 
  ahhh . . that could be it , too . 
  i honestly do n't know , i do know that eurostat is consistent across countries , though . 
  the japan to hawaii leg must have been brutal . 
  4 days in a small cabin like that . 
  it 's a really incredible proof of concept for just how far we 've come with solar/battery/motor / materials tech . 
  which is a lot better than not being able to stop him after killing all the people . 
  have to worry about saving in a currency other than the one i earn money in . 
  yeah , i just have friends that always talk about how cheap poland is , but it really sounds like the prices and salaries are pretty comparable . 
  maybe slightly better in poland , but not enough to make me want to move . 
  also i like having euros rather than having to worry about currency issues . 
   to me , nothing says `` things are expected to go wrong '' more than having armed professionals around . 
  well ... can you say things are n't expected to go wrong in the current environment ? 
  said , as there is news of another religiously motivated attack in france this morning . 
  what ? 
  the attacker was stopped because he was shot . 
  it helps to have guns to shoot someone . 
  and no , it sucks that it 's that way . 
  i 'm not happy i need door locks either , but i am happy i do have them in the world i live in . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy basically if those people were still around they would also create demand for more jobs . 
  not saying there is no effect but it 's certainly not that simple . 
  it may be the seasonal adjustment , but spain is definitely still officially at 21 % . 
  though new numbers come out on thursday for q2 and all indications are that it will be an excellent report . 
  i 'm hoping for 19.5 % . 
   in poland or balkan countries it 's more around 500-700 eur per month . 
  that 's not much better than madrid . 
  i thought the costs were significantly lower . 
  ime , and my wife is an it recruiter , this is only partially true . 
  experience is king . 
  the issue is you ca n't get in the door for a first job without some sort of qualification , mostly because of the tax benefits for an internship contract . 
  but if you start freelancing and can show a proven history , it 's entirely possible . 
  maybe it 's because i grew up in the us , but seeing official armed patrols really does help me feel safer in any given situation . 
  i keep thinking about what if the nice attack would have happened in london where most officers are n't armed ? 
  it would just keep going and the biggest obstacle would be bollards on the street . 
  i use atocha station in madrid daily and in the last year the police with rifles have stepped up a presence there and i 'm quite happy about it . 
  the patrols around the city have been very noticeable . 
  it 'd be a fuck of a gamble for both sides . 
  obviously yes would be very meaningful , but losing twice in such close succession will kill any independence push for at least a generation . 
  it 's definitely unquestionable a good thing and things are definitely moving in the right direction . 
  i also think it 's safe to call spain `` healthy '' at 10-12 % given historical context . 
  yeah , i think anti-fraud measures are one of the biggest ways to tackle `` unemployment '' by getting people on the books . 
  it 's at 21 % , but that 's q1 numbers . 
  q2 is released on thursday and all indications are that it will be very good . 
  i 'm hoping for < 20 % so best to take a wait and see for actual numbers right now . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll keep saying it .
