  also ... octavias are the universal taxi around here . 
  and i actually like the new one with the ad with the crazy dog . 
  the spaceback i think it is . 
  well , 99 % of the time it 's stocked with 20s and 50s so you can pretty much force it based on what you withdraw . 
  ( e.g. 
  80 $ forces 4 20s , 90 $ forces a 50 and 2 20s ) 100 $ is often a gamble though . 
  i do n't know that i 've ever seen an option to choose the denominations you get specifically , though . 
  it 's easy in the us as it 's pretty much just 20s . 
  i do n't know why 50 's are n't more used though over there , it 's a really convenient amount . 
  it 's 1630 cet and i ca n't help but find ecb silence more relevant with each passing minute . 
  edit : apparently they had some unfortunately coincidental maintenance of the giant euro symbol in front of the ecb so they are literally dismantling the euro . 
  edit : ecb officially not extending any additional credit . 
  i 'm assuming you can just switch up a setting for what notes are stored because i have seen atms with at least 3 denominations . 
  i remember once i tried to get 110 $ in order to force a 50 and 3 20s and 2 50s and a 10 came out . 
  it was a very first world annoyance . 
  so that means realistically they can only tighten controls to 50 $ if there are no 20 $ notes to go down any further . 
  correction withdrawn . 
  i agree that their most likely course is no change as it keeps them apolitical and ratchets up the pressure at the same time . 
  according to the guardian liveblog , 20 $ notes are in short supply so the 60 $ is effectively becoming 50 $ . 
  can any greeks confirm ? 
  my only problem with it is what happens when they do run a deficit ? 
  there 's no political will to make the deal have any teeth . 
  spanish bonds have jumped an alarming 0.15 % !, 
  but seriously , everyone involved has worked for years to untie from greece . 
  contagion is n't really a thing to worry about anymore . 
  this is n't 2010 . 
  yeah , there was clearly a bank run going on . 
  so stay fucking quiet about it . 
  banks were closed so it was limited to what could have been taken out at atms anyway and whatever he said or did n't say . 
  there is a reason politicians talk the way they do . 
  you say `` we see no need at the current moment but can assure you that we will ensure the stability of the system '' there is an art of giving non-response responses when necessary and it 's a pretty essential part of being a public figure , even if it is annoying . 
  we are leading the eurozone in growth right now . 
  it depends on the ecb 's next move . 
  fundamentally , the situation on the ground is no different today than yesterday so i would imagine ecb will continue to just keep do what it 's doing to try and be as apolitical as possible and not pull credit but not increase it either . 
  so , based on that greek banks will not open tomorrow as promised and it 's possible capital controls will be tightened to 20 $ per day . 
  even so , banks just wo n't have the cash to restock atms and they will have failed . 
  it all depends on the social situation on the ground at that point . 
  there may well be riots as people wo n't be able to get any money to eat . 
  i do n't know if they will continue to allow electronic payments for stuff but cash will become very scarce , very fast . 
  the banks failing is the biggest problem of all of that . 
   also , it is not legally possible to kick greece out of the eu , so grexit is simply off the table . 
  it 's never been about kicking them out . 
  but if the banks start to fail under the current system , greece will want out as staying in the euro is suicide at that point . 
  the creditors ' position is quite strong as the greek leverage was `` if we shoot ourselves , you 'll get really dirty '' . 
  well now the markets are basically assuming it 's likely and it 's not really a problem . 
  spanish debt went up in yield 0.15 % . 
  it 's a big move for a day , but it 's hardly worth writing home about . 
  i honestly could be completely wrong and i 've been immersing myself in so much economic stuff that i ca n't remember where i heard it . 
  but the point is that greece wants loans from ez governments going forward . 
  yes , i 'm pissed about how the bank bailouts were handled locally , but why should i help pay for this mess of a greek state from this point forward when we have lots of problems to deal with economically right here ? 
  meh , i would n't say any country is better or worse as the variety within each country in quality is so great . 
  a good spanish oil will easily beat a mediocre italian oil and a good italian oil will easily beet a mediocre spanish oil . 
  fyi , that 's a really terrible idea . 
  fats need to be converted to proper biodiesel which strips the glycerin head off as that can really mess up an engine over time . 
  it 's the sort of thing that works great as a demonstration but will absolutely destroy a motor . 
  nobody is taking away that choice . 
  just that you do n't get to choose the consequences of a choice as well . 
  you ca n't say , i want your money , but with no conditions . 
  either do n't take a deal and deal with all that it entails or you have to deal with the conditions . 
  that 's the reality and no matter how many times you can vote saying it 's bullshit , you ca n't vote other countries into buying greek bonds . 
  for stability , all that 's really needed is a true banking union . 
  the technical mechanism of all of this going down is failing banks followed by the government being unable to pay the the deposit insurance . 
  honestly , i 'd be all for bailing out greek depositors while establishing an ez wide deposit insurance fund rather than 19 individual ones ( insurance works better with bigger pools after all ) and just tell greece to go pound sand . 
  they will default , and creditors will be pissed , they will also then be forced to run on a balanced budget and cash flow , but it 's not a stability question at all at that point . 
  greece wo n't go to russia . 
  they will never leave nato so long as turkey is a member . 
  also , china is interested in greece because it 's the closes port to the suez that 's in the customs union . 
  they 'll probably move their plans to italy or maybe croatia to get lower costs if greece leaves . 
  piketty is saying that debts should be wiped clean so countries are able to not overspend . 
  of course omitting the part of when they inevitably do again , that the whole cycle should just be repeated which will just make nobody trust sovereign debts of smaller nations and force balanced budgets all the time which will mean being able to spend counter-cyclically . 
  anyone with half a brain knows that lack of austerity wo n't happen in a deal . 
  does n't stop them from spouting off the whole time that it 's the case that they are going to get a deal without austerity and stay in the euro . 
  fair enough . 
  honestly , for me for strictly stability all of this shows that there needs to be a true banking union . 
  honestly , it would n't be any issue of viability if there were an ez wide deposit insurance . 
  since the exact mechanism of all of this is failing banks , it could easily contain a greek problem while the greek government basically goes into bankruptcy . 
  they get restructuring and are forced to run without a deficit all on their own thanks to markets while in the mean time there 's not a fucking contagion issue . 
  the fiscal transfer thing may be true for long term competitiveness , but it would make the crisis in greece much less of a crisis . 
  ( granted it would have meant that there would have had to been an ez version of tarp following 2008 , but that worked out pretty well in the end anyway ), 
  he also said there would be no capital controls hours before there were . 
  they do but that 's not fiscal transfer . 
  and the ecb does it via the national banks . 
  in no way would that ever be a competency of the ecb . 
  no central bank anywhere performs that function . 
  i think it 's been the case for awhile . 
  by all accounts except syriza they were close to a deal friday afternoon prior to the imf deadline . 
  syriza unilaterally walked out and called the surprise referendum to take place after the deadline without consulting anybody . 
  from there they make the question about if they accept a proposal that 's not on the table while entering a third proposal for a third bailout literally 6 hours before the one that was active expired . 
  if he seriously wanted a third bailout , he knows you have to start negotiating that shit months in advance . 
  if he seriously wanted it , he should have come out with that first in january . 
  it 's downright farcical to think that an entirely new agreement can happen in a couple weeks and they both know that , but it poisons the well entirely with respect to the question at hand to be voted on and effectively passes the buck . 
  that sounds like it will help their economic problems . 
  but hey , at least they 're not humiliated with austerity . 
  fuck this economy shit ... let 's just shut it down . 
  i do n't disagree , but the government explicitly said it 's not on the table . 
  that 's a pretty big deal to lie about and they are lying . 
  eh ... it 's not that bad all things considered . 
  it goes up and down by a percent or so all the time . 
  it might be slightly outside of normal variations , but it 's by no means catastrophic . 
  it means greece may have blown their load in this game of chicken since the cards are down and them leaving is n't that bad .
