  particularly in the canary islands but i know lots in madrid , too . 
  you have to realize just how ridiculous of a weapon a ham knife is . 
  it 's flexible and ca n't stab . 
  it will get a surface cut well enough , but any spaniard knows this . 
  most of us have a few scars from cutting ham . 
  not all knives are created equal . 
  `` allah akbar '' is a very common arabic exclamation in general . 
  while the religious nuts use it , for most people it 's about as religious as when a spaniard says `` d\u00edos santo '' or something like that . 
  using a ham knife is about the worst choice of a weapon possible and if he really did have psychiatric problems let 's hope he gets the help he needs . 
  if he was truly an extremist , i hope the full weight of the justice system falls on him . 
  but for now , let 's reserve judgement until we know the facts . 
  i would watch the hell out of that . 
   i 'm personally ok-ish with encierros , not with corridas . 
  i agree with this but would just add that there 's no reason why the corridas ( jaja dije `` corrida '' ) have to continue to exist in their current state . 
  no killing or banderilleros and all that . 
  miguelitos , please . 
  best part about driving to the levante coast . 
  also a lot of people support it because other oppose it . 
  it 's just kind of part of being a pp voter for many people , sadly enough . 
  and many of them only because the left hates it . 
  it seems the younger generation of conservatives is much less supportive though so it 's only a matter of time . 
  i mean the fact that the catalan ban did n't even touch on correbous kind of showed that it * was * about culture and * not * about welfare . 
  that said , i still think overturning the ban was bullshit . 
  i really think the baleares version is the way forward . 
  you can keep the corridas , just without hurting the animal as a spectacle . 
  i 'm not against killing animals in general since i 'm an unashamed carnivore , but i just think the show of a real bullfight is way too much and just cruel . 
  i can tell you that spain is hugely diverse through the regions . 
  if you use gmail , just search `` my flights '' in google . 
  but yeah , those maps are fun . 
  [ here 's mine . 
  ] ( https://my.flightradar24.com/lupinechemist ), 
  you flew all the way to new york to see jfk airport ? 
  you poor soul . 
  it 's not done to the same extent but there are controls . 
  that said , catalonia is the only autonomy actively saying they intend to spend the money illegally in the first place , so there 's that . 
  right , but in most autonomies , you have a portion of your taxes that go to the federal government and a portion that go to the autonomy . 
  in madrid it 's 50-50 and i honestly do n't know if it 's different elsewhere . 
  the money in question comes from the autonomous liquidity fund which is basically the fiscal transfer mechanism . 
  i do n't believe the central government has any power to monitor direct catalan spending . 
  the issue is catalan courts might have issues with spending outside of an official budget and a budget can be challenged if it is illegal . 
  headline is misleading . 
  it 's not that funding will be cut , though spending will be monitored on a weekly basis to ensure that money from the central government is spent legally . 
  yeah , like i know we do have a corruption problem here in spain , but people act like it 's somalia levels . 
  i 've honestly heard people say it 's the most corrupt country in the world with complete sincerity . 
  i think one of the better measures is the `` have you paid a bribe ? '', 
  survey question . 
  i know it misses high level shit like contracts to friends and all that , but it does a good job of showing how pervasive corruption is . 
  like i was just in indonesia and you get out of trouble there for the equivalent of 2-3 $ passed to a police officer . 
  this has changed . 
  now you have to show 5 years of compliance and there may be an exit tax if you are a covered person . 
  it was already legally questionable if they could go after non-americans outside of america so they made it more enforceable . 
  right but the point being is what to do waiting on the details of a hypothetical future status that will let you continue living your life is not the best scenario . 
  they 've gotten a lot better and will see if you have a us birthplace . 
  i 'm going to be giving up my us citizenship and i will need my certificate of loss of nationality for pretty much anything financial . 
  the current permanent residency setup is a result of eu law . 
  i think the art at orsay is better but the history of art , artifacts and the building itself are more impressive at the louvre . 
  i 'm 30 with no kids and think it 's great . 
  you shut your mouth . 
  minatur wunderland is incredible . 
  it also correctly has orsay as better than the louvre . 
  you spelled olivenza wrong . 
  but really i do n't think anyone actually cares and i support continuing the conflict for purposes of banter with our portubros, 
  because no people could reach the islands without big ships and the british colonists essentially are the native population in that case . 
  if you click through , it sends you to the official website to buy . 
  google flights is n't an actual travel agency , it 's just a search engine . 
  usually the best option is directly from the airline anyway . 
  in europe they include ryanair and easyjet , so that 's nice . 
  oh , i know . 
  i still use ita matrix for more complex searches . 
  i then use that itinerary to see if it prices that way in google flights where there is the option to buy it . 
  flights is best for getting complex fare rules and itineraries to price up correctly directly in airline search engines . 
   silicone valley i 'm pretty sure that one is los angeles, 
   i wish google had a proper stab at hotel searches too , so it can kill trivago and booking.com for cheaper prices and direct dealing with hotels or guest houses . 
  google flights is magical with this for airfares . 
  probably . 
  you think they 're actually going to send police to investigate it , though ? 
  and then take it through a court case where you can win if you can just convince them with a doubt that `` yeah i actually was feeling shit those days '' . 
  iirc it has something to do with english law not requiring it for a refund from the operator who then has some sort of clause about it in the contract with the hotel . 
  it melted one and then they blocked the focal point off and made them install some shades that break up the light . 
  also helps that london did n't really develop as a single city but just kind of merging from surrounding towns and is still happening today . 
  so yeah , not a requirement , just a heavy consideration . 
  also worth remembering that turkey and greece were members before the cypriot invasion/partition . 
  russia just wants to sow territorial issues to ensure that ukraine does n't join nato . 
  they could have easily negotiated a legit referendum as it would also help the new ukrainian government by getting rid of a very russian majority voting bloc . 
  they do it shady on purpose to be able to keep ukraine weak . 
   refusing to recognize that the annexation of crimea into russia took place is refusing to recognize a fact , which is silly . 
  recognizing is a specific legal issue . 
  most countries do n't recognize taiwan as a country , but that does n't mean everyone is oblivious to the fact that there is a de facto country off the shores of china and still do business with them . 
  the us does n't recognize iran , but that does n't mean they deny the fact that there is a country there . 
  it 's just diplomatic stuff . 
  it 's just going to depend on each city . 
  here in madrid there was a huge expansion in the 60 's and 70 's and the buildings are ugly and shoddily made so i have no problem redeveloping that and it 's very much part of the urban core as the historical center is quite small to compare . 
  paris is obviously a different case and london is it 's own sort of special case as `` london '' as a city does n't really exist since it was basically several towns being absorbed together into a giant city . 
  i mean , those are both small and basically survive by tourism . 
  i agree having a few around is nice , but a modern , vibrant city needs to embrace change . 
  personally i think london has done a great job of incorporating new and keeping the old . 
  i 'd probably be a bit more permissive with building , though . 
  ahh , so about how i drive . 
  also , the video for snow patrol 's open your eyes is literally just cut from this with basically no editing . 
  that seems perfectly natural to me .
