  maybe with the exception of labor law which is much easier to deal with in the us . 
   the opposition to nuclear energy is very strong ( as seen in the closure of the plant in garo\u00f1a this week ) i am shocked at how many people do n't realize that this seems blatantly a hand-out to iberdrola/endesa for them to finally be able to ramp up their gas plants to full capacity that they built and could never really use . 
  yeah , i like how they want to be able to sell oil on the international market , but only at the price they think it should be worth and then blame the whole idea of capitalism when that price changes . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  also , the sanctions are n't on venezuela , they 're literally on the personal assets of maduro . 
  so opposing this is being against punishing maduro for anything at all . 
  it 's really , really not . 
  it 's just that the ethnic lines happen to follow religious lines . 
  when there is a neat divide like that some people will obviously use the religion as a rallying cry for their side , but it 's not like there 's any actual argument about religious beliefs . 
  also , especially with catholicism , being a `` cultural catholic '' is definitely a thing and does n't have fuck all to do with your religious beliefs , though it does matter with religious upbringing . 
  i would consider myself in this mold , in that i do n't really believe in the church but i 'm constantly surrounded by it 's history and traditions and consider myself catholic despite that lack of belief . 
  banking union now !, 
  maybe if we make the market big enough we can get us style credit card rewards . 
  that would be great . 
  but seriously , having separate banking systems within the eurozone just seems insane to me . 
   i do n't think you can build in that area , it 's a national reservation and all building permits are denied . 
  well , that did n't matter for a while there . 
  i think it 's great and obviously there 's a lot more recent polish history to reinforce the idea , but it 's good to remember that what we have has to be fought to be kept . 
  i really think one of the biggest problems in western liberal democracies right now is complacency since it 's just the status quo for how things have always been , people forget it does n't just happen , it takes a lot of effort to make it there and sometimes even fighting to make sure it stays that way . 
  one of those is fully within the rights of sovereignty while the other is n't . 
  that seems pretty obvious . 
  i have to say i 'm a little annoyed since it came out that madrid 2016 lost to rio for bribery . 
  torre agbar the one that looks like ~ ~ a buttplug ~ ~ the gherkin in london, 
   you ca n't just go and say `` i just wo n't pay my debts '' , you absolutely can . 
  you just ca n't expect anyone else to lend you any more after that . 
  generally agree but it was going to be developed into a high end hotel but they pulled the license because they hate tourism or something . 
  i do n't get it , especially since if you want anyone , it 's people that will stay in crazy expensive hotels , but it is what it is . 
  they also wo n't accept a border with the republic so ... they get to choose . 
  the special status option is the only one that 's really workable , honestly . 
   then how are all these tourists moving from one country to another without visas ? 
  visa free travel is a completely different issue . 
  i the last few months i 've been to mexico , usa ( though i 'm a citizen there ) , south africa , malaysia and indonesia and i did n't need a single visa . 
  yet i do n't have the right to live and work in any of them ( well , except the us because of the citizenship ) . 
  it 's clear you have no idea what `` freedom of movement '' actually means . 
  freedom of movement has nothing to do with tourism . 
  it 's about the right to live and work . 
  i do n't have freedom of movement rights in the eu ( foreign resident ) yet i somehow travel all over europe no problem ( including crossing the restricted border with the uk where i have no rights ), 
  see ... just in case you are n't aware of how flawed your logic is , you ca n't just take an if-then statement and flip it and have it continue to be true . 
  i was basically saying if an area is effectively part of the eu , the people from there need to be eu citizens . 
  going the other way does n't make it true . 
  just like i can say that if a meteor strikes the stadium , the football match will be cancelled , does n't mean you can assume there 's been a meteor just because there 's a cancelled match . 
  london is definitely the most expensive in the eu , but i would think oslo , zurich , and moscow are in the same league . 
  seriously , they even have the most iconic office building in the city mostly vacant that would be perfect for it . 
  but yeah , they just would n't move into a legally questionable situation . 
  what , like brexit will suddenly change the climate of the uk and they 'll no longer want to get on cheap flights to places with sun ? 
   so the debt should have been restructured fyi , this happened . 
  politically they ca n't call it a haircut but extending the terms a ridiculous amount beyond the original payback date is functionally equivalent to a haircut . 
   greece defaulting in 2010 , with no proper mechanism in place to combat the domino effect that it would create , was not an option . 
  it was ... it was just an unpleasant option . 
  and the debt is either tiny or irrelevant or it 's enough to lose everything , you ca n't have it both ways in your argument . 
  if they really did n't care , they could have just spent the same amount recapitalizing the losses from the greek debt and basically forced greece out of the eurozone . 
  but yes , continue to blame the people that were the only ones willing to give anything to help out . 
  and this is n't even touching on the irish border issue . 
  i 'm pretty sure n. ireland is going to have to end up in the customs union at the very least as a specially administered zone that will be effectively in the eu in all but official name as people born there are entitled to eu citizenship through roi and they would have to follow eu law . 
  and fwiw we have internal customs borders in spain between the canaries/ceuta/melilla and the peninsula and balearic islands and basically nobody really notices them and it 's easy enough to deal with for businesses that just have to pay/discount vat to move between them . 
  lots of greeks blame the eurogroup for `` imposing '' austerity . 
  but nobody stops to think what the real alternative is . 
  they want to have free access to deficits with the eurogroup footing the bill because they are too unstable for debt markets and then get upset when the eurogroup wants to put conditions on spending those deficits to make sure it 's not in perpetuity . 
  there is no right to other people 's money . 
  at no point did anyone limit the greek government 's right to accept or reject the terms and they could have defaulted and devalued at any point , but they just ( rightly ) knew that was a worse option and blamed the eurogroup for giving them a better option than what they would have otherwise had because it still was n't good enough . 
  i do n't know if i 'd call it `` going on right now '' but i would n't doubt it once it actually gets started for real . 
  the scope is absolutely massive . 
  it might be a direct/indirect thing . 
  but the project is massive , many billions of euros and basically means rebuilding a large part of the north of the city . 
  it 's also being done with private money so that 's extra good . 
  the netherlands is mostly because the mortgage law there makes it an advantage to only pay interest . 
  debt is not inherently bad . 
  bad debt is bad . 
  but most of those are basically just about home ownership and mortgages . 
  nope . 
  price of housing fell by a lot . 
  thanks , i 'm still with the mix of nerves and excitement . 
  i 'm sure i 'll be annoyed by internal politics soon enough . 
  well yes , but most people do n't make minimum wage , so raising the minimum wage does n't affect the majority of jobs . 
  adding more minimum wage jobs will lower the average wage just because it 's less than the average job . 
  that would be bad with constant employment but getting people going from no wages to bad wages is still a good thing for the time being . 
  and by lowering the need to spend on social services , the government 's finances will get in order and hopefully enough to get back into spending on infrastructure again ( though also hopefully a bit more thought out than last time ) . 
  there are still some badly needed and expensive projects ( high speed to basque country , mediterranean corridor , and finishing the line to galicia/asturias ) . 
  i also think a high speed line between barcelona and the basque country should be built to solidify the economic triangle of spain . 
  note , that most new jobs added will be lower paying since it 's people that were previously not working so that the `` average '' wage may go down even if total wages in the economy goes up and even if most people already working are getting more money . 
  realistically wage growth is about on par with inflation ( 1.6 % last year ) so adding new jobs will lower average wage , but that 's not actually bad news in the short term since it 's more important to get people working in the first place . 
  i was in one town and they did their toro embolado with just a giant foam bull with a couple of guys underneath and it still shot fireworks everywhere . 
  it was still a lot of fun and i do n't see why you ca n't just do something like that . 
  he was referring to 2008 . 
  i would n't refer to it as `` artificial '' . 
  the boom was certainly real , but it was definitely unsustainable and fueled by credit that could never be paid back . 
  the joke works even better in spanish where sweden/switzerland is suecia/suiza ( with the ` c ' and ` z ' pronounced exactly the same in both ), 
  iirc it was expected at 0.7 % - 0.8 % so yes higher than expected . 
  this is good news but as mentioned , it 's not enough because it 's with many fewer people employed . 
  that said , combined with the employment trend , it 's good for future prospects because it means spanish workers are much more productive in general since 2008 which is a good sign for a sustainable future . 
  the chamart\u00edn project that was just finally approved in madrid will be another huge boost both in madrid and nationwide . 
  i saw the estimate of 200k jobs directly from that project . 
  i actually accepted a job with a company in construction a few hours before the news so i feel really good about that one . 
  the signalling should still make sure it never happens regardless . 
  i do n't know about how it works in barcelona , but in madrid the cercan\u00edas schedule is something that basically has nothing to do with reality in the first place . 
  especially at the main stations . 
  link in spanish . 
  google translated version . 
  gross domestic product grew between april and june by 0.9 % . 
  with this increase , a decade later , the spanish economy recovers in real terms the levels lost with the crisis that began in the second quarter of 2008 .
