  it 's a pretty standard tactic . 
  you basically give a small poke to see how they respond . 
  it gives you a good idea of response times and tactics . 
  it 's basically just gaining knowledge about the other , not even really aggressive . 
  and also ... is really rich . 
  well yes , we are still in deficit spending mode . 
  the point is it 's not going up as fast now and should stabilize soon . 
  the double derivative is what is important here . 
  at the national level at least , public finances are actually pretty well managed despite whatever reputation will be around . 
  but austerity is done in spain . 
  spending is increasing while deficits are falling . 
  the whole point of keynsianism is to spend through a recession . 
  see the boom years where spain dramatically lowered it 's debt/gdp . 
  the difference with greece is greece was always deficit spending , not going countercyclically, 
  the point is , it 's all well and good to talk about needing haircuts but everyone advocating it says it needs to be haircuts for everyone else , of course . 
  at the end of the day , the eu is a trade union and most people 's anger with lack of solidarity was by trying to make the eu into something it 's not . 
  it 's still up to the national governments to look out for the interests of their people . 
  personally , i am for no new bailout and letting greece crash as it 's clearly not gaining anything for anyone and i do n't want spain taking on more debt load for their benefit at the end of the day . 
  everyone watched out for themselves when it would truly crash the system , greece did n't take that chance to turn things around nearly fast enough and now they are left out to dry because keeping them in is only a matter of some sort of pride effect . 
  then do n't let information become public in the first place . 
  i get a right to privacy , i do n't really agree with a right to privacy because you do n't like the consequences of not using that right in the first place . 
  finland and netherlands ( and this time around baltics and solvakia it looks like ) are happy to let germany be the bad guy and get beat up so they save some face . 
  but they are all very problematic , particularly finland as it would risk collapsing a government in the middle of reforms to take care of their own economic situation . 
  yeah , remember we have until the 20th for the real deal , bank collapsing deadline . 
  what about the uk 's involvement in the efsf . 
  should the uk take a write down to prop up the euro ? 
  also , it seems clear after the market reactions that contagion will be contained so it 's not about propping up the euro anymore . 
  so why should anyone take a haircut to prop up a mismanaged country ? 
  the imf talks a lot but they chose to get involved and now they love to tell other people to take the writedown but refuse to do it themselves because of rules but schauble used the exact same argument , he gets portrayed as evil . 
  also , greece is going out of their way to make sure the imf is n't involved so their opinion is even less relevant . 
  either way , the 70s are over . 
  i 'd much rather be tied to an extreme shia regime rather than sunni . 
  well , that 's kind of the point . 
  ksa would have to behave to keep with mostly the us 's good side while going more toward ksa is obviously a credible threat with iran so they would also have to behave . 
  the issue is obviously how israel can influence the decisions in the us . 
  at least so long as bibi is in . 
  i never said it did n't exist at that level . 
  just that the the regional governments are probably the worst because there is much less oversight than the national government but still fairly large budgets . 
  the whole caja b thing is plenty shitty , but at the end of the day it was illegally using private money . 
  i honestly do think that 's a step below illegally using public money . 
  it was n't an argument to divorce , but to further engage . 
  right now saudi arabia has leverage because iran is a pariah . 
  if the west works closely with both they both have to be more reasonable despite how much they hate each other in order to prevent the other from gaining more influence . 
  i read about it in the spanish press . 
  that said , there are a lot of stories going on in spain right now on top of all the crazy international shit . 
  us/europe have a lot of common interests with iran at the moment . 
  i get there were problems in the past , but the fact that the west willing to be so close to an extreme sunni government in ksa but not a regional power in a shia state with iran that has an very big interest in suppressing sunni extremism is insane to me . 
  syriza will split and varoufakis may be hoping to head the only remaining faction that will be anti-austerity that is n't nazis or communists . 
  it 's certainly an interesting take . 
  if he is real about what he says , it would be a pretty much guaranteed grexit . 
  my issue with this is people have assigned a lot of value to what they want europe to be thinking that 's what it is . 
  at the end of the day the eu is not a country , but merely a trade agreement at the end of the day and countries are responsible for still looking out for their own interests . 
  governments are not households . 
  not taking out new debt is one thing , but having massive surpluses like that is bad governance but the idea of thrift and savings is ingrained in german culture to the point of being a negative . 
  ( see also rabid fear of inflation in a deflationary period and opposition to qe ) it means they are either collecting too much revenue or not spending enough . 
  realistically they should probably do some infrastructure improvements and tax rebates to further help german business and increased consumption can help from suppliers all around the ez/eu . 
  this is a very good thing in general and i have no problem with it . 
  it 's an insignificant amount of money by the symbolic nature is huge , especially since it was for a regional government which is where the biggest corruption problems in spain are . 
  $ 21m is almost the same as $ 0 for a government . 
  look at how many billions are needed in greece and then remember that a million dollars matters the same to a billion dollars the same way as one dollar matters to a thousand dollars . 
  nothing personal , but people 's brains go crazy and just have a hard time inherently understanding large numbers beyond the fact that they are large . 
  also , this is specifically for shit pulled in valencia and it is absolutely justified . 
  valencia has historically been one of the most corrupt regions in spain and having their shitty methods of doing things under public scrutiny is a good thing . 
  i have an honest question for a dutch person . 
  how do you eat bitterballen without your mouth succumbing to 3rd degree burns from the lava inside ? 
  joaqu\u00edn almunia was pretty influential and is still pretty present behind the scenes . 
  just some idea i had . 
  i was thinking something along the lines of the us department of transportation which does coordination and high level administration but it 's still up to each state to actually implement things . 
  i think we need a real banking union as the most immediate step . 
  greece would n't be near as much of a problem at that point because the ez deposit insurance would come in when the banks would collapse and that 's that . 
  i believe this is in the process of being implemented ( so kicking the greek can actually makes sense as actual mechanism to force leaving the euro was bank collapse ) my achievable big goal in the medium term is issuing eurobonds for infrastructure development . 
  my fantasy but still maybe a little bit realistic is direct raising of revenue via trade from inside and outside of the customs union . 
  that conflict is part of the core of what makes the eu the eu . 
  it 's not a new thing and has basically been as it is now more or less since mitterand and kohl, 
  well , the assets are greek . 
  i 'm about as critical of the greek government as they come , but i think that 's reasonable . 
  they would only be seized in the event of greece totally leaving the eu , which is not exactly a rosy scenario for them either . 
  there has been no fundamental change on the ground . 
  lots of words with little action to back them up thus far . 
  the next two days will show if actions will happen . 
  not even the us has this . 
  there is some federal support , but it is mostly run at the state level . 
  the next big implementation is going to be common bank deposit insurance . 
  it seems like it 's not that important but it 's at the core of the greek crisis . 
  otherwise greece would have just defaulted already and by trying to settle with creditors and everyone 's savings would be safe . 
  they do n't have to sell their stake in hellenic petroleum ? 
  the fact that they still have it is one of the more egregious examples i can think of . 
  if psoe ca n't get the majority from c 's , i still think they are likely to go to pp and say `` abstain or we will get the majority from podemos '' and pp would much rather a minority psoe or psoe/c 's ( even more preferable to them ) . 
  just look at the shit esperanza was trying to pull in madrid to keep carmena out and imagine that desperation on a national level . 
  it matters for sovereignty issues . 
  if the whole thing goes south somewhere along the administration , greece can still withdraw from the eu and those assets will be able to be seized by greece . 
  i still think he 's an idiot for letting it get this far , he could have gotten much better terms by rolling over earlier . 
  unless he honestly though greece was in a power position for the negotiations . 
  rule number 1 of negotiating is you ca n't threaten to walk away if you 're not actually willing to walk away . 
  and by playing brinksmanship , he realized that the rest of the eurozone could afford to let greece go much more than greece can afford to be let go . 
  the problem is this was glaringly obvious for any neutral observer from the start . 
  in the mean time the brinksmanship means the banks are now in their third week of closures and the economy is effectively stopped . 
  causing even more damage which will force even more austerity . 
  well , it 's tsipras ' responsibility to follow a referendum , nobody else 's . 
  you know a lot of us that were complaining about the referendum were n't `` anti-democracy '' or whatever else they were shouting about , it 's that nobody had any fucking idea about what the actual vote was about and everyone was sure their interpretation was the truth when the question was ludicrous because it was about condition on a proposal that was n't even on offer .
