  all of the following options do n't work * podemos + psoe * psoe + cs * cs + pp so we 're right back to where we are now . 
  i said in november and i stand by it , soraya ( she 's the second in charge of the pp ) will be the next pm that actually makes it and it will have to come from a psoe abstention . 
  psoe is looking to be absolutely fucked . 
  well the communist party is running as part of the bloc . 
  if we 're going by regions , madrid , basque country , and navarre are all doing decently as well . 
  the polls show we will have the same gridlock as we do now with the exception of podemos/iu having more seats than psoe . 
  but it still works out that the only workable , two-party coalition will be psoe/pp which is just not going to happen . 
  all of the following options do n't work * podemos + psoe * psoe + cs * cs + pp so we 're right back to where we are now . 
  i said in november and i stand by it , soraya ( she 's the second in charge of the pp ) will be the next pm that actually makes it and it will have to come from a psoe abstention . 
  psoe is looking to be absolutely fucked . 
  that 's why it 's important to maintain perspective and always remember selection bias is a thing . 
  well , qe does n't put any money into regular people 's pocket , it basically all goes to the banks ( but it 's not a giveaway as they do have to give up assets ) so it basically just shores up reserves in order for the banks to lend out more . 
  if people still do n't want to borrow ... then yeah , it 's an issue . 
  it 's tough out there for the s. european liberals . 
  everyone seems to hate us . 
  dude ... the median age there is 46 . 
  well , yeah ... competitive devaluation is a thing that happens all the time . 
  china keeps massive amounts of usd in reserves because it helps keep rmb low compared to the dollar compared to if they were to try and sell some of them . 
  you really wonder why a site in english with a demographic in their 20s of mostly students or recent graduates is not representative of an average german ? 
  what do you mean , be rich and then get poor countries to join your currency ? 
  i 'm sure more would if they could . 
  basically the value of the euro is averaged between all the economies because it 's shared between them . 
  an exporting nation will naturally have a higher valued currency because there is more demand to buy that currency . 
  say germany were still on the mark , it would mean every time someone bought a bmw , they would either have to exchange it to dm or use their local currency and then the company would have to buy the dm to bring the money back home to pay the business expenses ( workers , buildings , etc. . . ) * edit for clarity : this means more people buying deutche marks will make the price of a deutche mark go up due to supply and demand * but say i 'm in the us and i only care about what the price is in dollars , well then the higher the value of the dm , the more the car will cost in dollars so i will be less likely to buy it . 
  in the end an equilibrium forms for the appropriate price . 
  now , say we 're here in spain and we really do n't export all that much and what we do export is generally lower value . 
  so if we were still on the peseta , there would be fewer people trying to buy pesetas meaning it makes the stuff we do export cheaper and more likely to be bought on the market ( when compared to their local currency ) . 
  so now we combine everything into one currency , so now that the value is averaged , bmw now needs to convert to euros rather than dm and there are far more euros so the german exports have less of an impact on the value . 
  meanwhile we are trying to export more , but the currency is valued too high to be worth it for people to buy a lot of our stuff abroad . 
  ( obviously this is massively oversimplified and spain does export quite a bit , but it 's all about degrees ) so now you have a situation where the natural equilibrium is the rich country naturally gets an even bigger economic advantage and the poorer country is at an inherent disadvantage to make this unequal . 
  normally in this situation there are fiscal transfers . 
  in other words , tax money from the rich parts goes to the poor parts . 
  in the us , the poorer states receive money from the same social security/unemployment/social safety net fund and often have military bases or other government funded activity that basically move money from places that pay more taxes ( richer areas ) to poorer areas that pay less taxes . 
  in europe the only real mechanisms for this are the cap and the infrastructure funds which are tiny compared to the size of the economies involved . 
  we had massive labor reforms . 
  but we are hampered in fiscal policy and monetary policy . 
  we lowered the debt massively in the boom but when the crisis came , we were forbidden from running a deficit . 
  the lesson learned , it 's bad to pay down debts because you just disadvantage yourself . 
  they are massively advantaged as an exporting country due to an artificially devalued currency that hurts us on the periphery from being more competitive without being much in the way of systematic fiscal transfers . 
  worth noting that the responses you will get on reddit are by and large not from `` average germans '' . 
  the ecb has an apolitical mandate to target 2 % inflation . 
  it is consistently below that target . 
  following the treaty should mean looser monetary policy . 
  it does n't directly create inflation , because it 's not printing ( despite what headlines say ) , it 's just moving future liquidity to the present which , in theory , leads to loosening of credit in order to allow more borrowing to start businesses , buy homes , etc. . . that said , we know how germans feel about debt of any kind . 
   but it is n't stimulating inflation . 
  because they are hampered in how much they can act , mostly due to german interference . 
  you have to just look at the absolutely massive scales of qe in the us and uk to get an idea of it . 
   it also just is n't good for confidence if the monetary policy is that loose for that long . 
  that 's just making shit up with your opinion treating it as accepted fact . 
  again let 's look at the us/uk ... okay , point refuted . 
  ahh ... the ecb is good if it has to put the brakes on inflation to meet its goal but it 's bad if it means it has to loosen monetary policy in order to stimulate inflation to meet its goal . 
  well they are n't if they are physically in europe . 
  those numbers just do n't jive with other numbers i have seen for spain nor what i see in my daily life . 
  i think there is pretty universal frustration about brussels budget goals from both the right and left ( considering we went anti-cyclical lowering debt in the boom and now they are forcing pro-cyclical policies ) , but overall attitudes i have seen are generally positive . 
  also , a huge number of people just do n't even think about the eu or have too much of an opinion at all . 
  all us candidates are highly nationalistic . 
  the whole ` murica thing is just part of the dance you have to play there . 
  most of europe just is n't hot enough to warrant it for a day or two a year . 
  i can tell you it 's pretty common here in spain . 
  either that or building into the hillsides in order to use the ground as a heat sink . 
  pretty much all large buildings have ac . 
  sometimes they do n't even have heat because all the stuff inside naturally creates enough heat . 
  it was 35 today in madrid . 
  i 'll probably have to fire up the ac here soon . 
  dhl is a thing , you know ? 
  there 's a reason when you order online they will always use seur or mrw . 
  they may still have their issues , but at least it 's not correos . 
  it 's not the soldiers , but the ryanair stag dos that are the real issue . 
  you should see them down here in spain . 
  res does have an ignore feature . 
  it can be useful . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com `` also / r/enhancement '' ), 
  personally , for the time being , i 'm just after more unification of the single market . 
  more liberalization of services and a banking union in particular . 
  being actually finally able to have an eu-wide mobile/telecom infrastructure would be incredible . 
  just imagine , you move countries but do n't have to change numbers because it is n't any more expensive . 
  that 's far more complicated and extending the payback period so far is essentially a form of forgiveness . 
  greece has always been free to default on its payments at any point . 
  that it does n't want to pay the consequences of that action does n't mean that the freedom to do so is n't there . 
  if your business plan does n't include paying yourself a salary , it 's a bad business plan . 
  what do these percentages mean ? 
  percent of recyclable material that is actually recycled ? 
  sin problema ... m\u00e1ndame un pm, 
  claro . 
  anyone born in n. ireland also automatically gets irish citizenship so it 's obviously more complicated . 
  well costa didnt get called up . 
  so that one would definitely be abroad . 
  but i think he really does feel spanish which is cool , as an immigrant myself . 
  iirc it 's in combi config . 
  right , but they do n't own the plane . 
  it 's wet leased . 
  i 'm assuming they 'd be using their operating certificate and crew as well . 
  i get that . 
  but working part time is far better than working no time . 
  and social security affiliation went up even more than people on unemployment fell , so those are people who were receiving nothing before that are now receiving something . 
  obviously it still has a way to go , but it 's very good news that things are getting better ( which is not the same as saying things are better ), 
  it is measured , it 's just a different statistic . 
  and while i generally agree , a lot of people working part time is better than them working no time . 
  as a generally right of center voter , i have found the reforms to be generally helpful up to now . 
  i 'm actually looking to start a company next year and it seems pretty good .
