  but i can deal with it . 
  sounds definitive . 
  pokemon crazes cause earthquakes . 
  usually it 's the other way around . 
  yes there are lots of government workers , but governments tend to spread out a lot of jobs around the country aside from central administration for just that reason . 
  it 's a way to encourage development in places without much extra incentive . 
   it 's because tourists will tend to focus on the capital not always, 
  it 'd probably be close to even if you exclude the new airport . 
  but it 's not a europe/myanmar choice . 
  there 's choices all along the range . 
  it might not make it the same cost as europe , but it could make it the same cost as colombia/thailand/kazakhstan / etc. . . which all have more legal security and infrastructure . 
  if you force them to have the costs of a richer country with better infrastructure , why would n't they just build the factory in that richer country in the first place ? 
  now the poorer country is much worse of by having no jobs and having no way to break the cycle of poverty . 
  as an example of this , see cuba . 
  being a taxi driver or pretty much anything involved directly with tourism pays way more than being a doctor or an engineer . 
  so ... surprise !, 
  doctors and engineers got taxis and now there 's not enough . 
  good ? 
  none of them . 
  forocoches is pretty big ( though i think you need an invite ) and there 's men\u00e9ame which is also an aggregator but man , comments are terrible . 
  it seems like the bias is slightly to the left of lenin . 
  i mean , it 's all just accounting of who the burden is technically . 
  truthfully the consumer pays for all the costs associated , including all taxes . 
  china got too expensive for the textile boom . 
  they still operate but the boom moved to cambodia and bangladesh . 
  well , if we are forcing them to have the same costs as europe , those people would n't have the opportunity for a job in the first place since there 'd be no reason to send the factory there . 
  seriously , having visited some of the areas in question , the factories are the greatest thing to ever happen there . 
  there 's a reason there are waiting lists to get to work there . 
  those children will be working regardless , at least this way they are getting way more than the prevailing wage and may actually use that for more opportunity later on . 
  in bangladesh the factories are changing things to give women a huge amount more influence in society in a conservative , muslim country which means a dramatic lowering of birth rates and education rates are going much higher because they can afford to support their children through school . 
  they pay plenty of taxes . 
  especially vat , payroll and property taxes . 
  not to mention the income taxes that come out of all the salaries that are paid , though that 's much more indirect . 
  those are all conveniently ignored though . 
  they are also paid regardless of profitability . 
  just saying the direct level of corporate tax is just a small portion of how a company contributes to a treasury . 
   these corporations should have checked if their tax deal is conform with eu regulations . 
  we just went over this with the whole brexit debacle . 
  eu countries are still sovereign !, 
  eu law is meaningless in so much is that it 's only implemented by the member states . 
  so if it was compliant with irish law at the time , it was legal . 
  full stop . 
  the earned income exception is fine , the issue is for things that do n't count in earned income . 
  i want to open a private , tax-advantaged retirement account here , for example . 
  the us sees that as money that 's made with having paid no taxes on it and does n't count as earned income . 
  also , do n't ever think about working for yourself/starting a new company as a us citizen abroad . 
  and it 's all moving in the wrong direction with the idea of finding rich people hiding their money abroad and stuff . 
  most reddit threads go on and on about paying fare share for embassy support ( though consulates are entirely self-funded by fees and they do n't understand the difference between an embassy and a consulate in the first place ) . 
  and then i often just come and am told i 'm disloyal for not wanting to pay taxes in a country i do n't live or work in . 
  i 'm getting rid of the us , i would possibly try to get around it if the us were n't so terrible about taxation issues for people living abroad . 
  right , and that 's why the agreement was changed . 
  but they ca n't agree to a contract , and then go back to retroactively change the contract so it only benefits them . 
  they can only change it going forward . 
  i have n't gotten that far myself . 
  afaik , it 's just an oath to the justice ministry . 
  it 's not illegal if it 's literally the government making the agreement . 
  governments are still sovereign so you can fix the issue and void the agreement , but you ca n't go back and say `` on second thought , i really did n't want to have agreed to what i did and even though i held up my part of the bargain , i do n't want to give you the benefit of your side '', 
  seriously , european companies and citizens would throw a fit if europe started taxing their global income not earned in europe . 
  was n't it something like more than half of it was chinese mainlanders trying to get their cash into hong kong ? 
  the wording is for iberoamerican countries . 
  portugese citizens are also allowed to keep their citizenship as are andorrans in addition to former spanish colonies . 
  hey , you at least get to keep your brazilian citizenship . 
  i 'm not allowed to keep my us ( though puerto ricans are allowed to keep us citizenship ) . 
  i 'm in the middle of the process , too . 
  uk requires you to have lived in the uk in the last 15 years to votes . 
  ireland also requires residency . 
  that makes sense because there 's like twice as many irish citizens as residents of ireland . 
  that 's because the heathrow ibis is shit . 
  a lot of them are pretty decent places . 
  nothing fancy but a decent room . 
  the spaniards post in english . 
  the spanish posts are generally people looking for info about spain that want to try to do it in spanish for practice . 
  i usually respond in english anyway because i 'm not trying to make a point about what language i speak and just trying to communicate clearly . 
  non-english speakers are n't going to be on reddit in the first place and are all on forocoches or meneame, 
  i 'm a mod of / r/spain and while we 're not strict about it , we try to encourage a policy of posting in english . 
  most of the posts in spanish are from foreigners that just want to practice a bit . 
  / r/es is the site for discussion in spanish but it 's mostly just news articles with minimal commenting . 
  the truth is people that would like to use spanish to discuss wo n't be on reddit in the first place , but on a spanish language alternative , as reddit is primarily an english language platform and english knowledge is quite a weak point in spain . 
   whoever you tax will be putting less into the economy ( reducing markets for business , for example ) . 
  yeah , well b2b is a huge portion of the economy as well . 
  i have no idea about raw numbers , but i would be shocked if it was less than consumer spending . 
  i honestly have no problem with a much lower corporate tax and high income taxes . 
  you want to have more money going around the system and then tax it when it comes out for consumption . 
  the problem is it sounds terrible politically . 
  northern spain has weather quite similar to ireland . 
  with the uk out , it 's going to change a lot . 
  it 's nowhere near the final draft . 
  nobody would accept the current draft , really ... that 's the point of the negotiations . 
  yeah , crazy for people to leave america . 
   i do n't think losing the regulatory agency of a bloc that has issues in how it regulates medical innovation ( and will have a much greater issue once the uk leaves and is no longer part of that decision making . . ) ahh the uk ca n't be bogged down by bureaucratic issues in regulation of highly complicated products . 
  especially with the glorious fda to look up to . 
  the fact is it 's going to be a slow and difficult process to get a drug approved and a lot of that is intentional . 
  i respect both the fda and ema . 
  also , az is only half british , and gsk is a pretty global company . 
  i 'm looking out my window at one of their major research centers right now in spain . 
  it 's a good podcast . 
  a * this american life * episode featured this farm you can listen to it [ here ] ( http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/452/poultry-slam-2011?act=3 ) . 
  no love for the netherlands ? 
  saba , please !, 
  bonds and cash are actually pretty alike and when you get to very large amounts of money , bonds are essentially the form of cash used .
