  i love that connection between man and machine and i gladly pay extra for it . 
  it 's dead . 
  even with only an abstention by cup , there are n't enough votes . 
  meanwhile mas and junqueras can barely agree that the sky is blue and are married together to have to try to run catalonia as a minority government . 
  the situation is a complete mess . 
  like i said , i did n't watch the end of it and ca n't even really tell you the intricacies of us politics anymore . 
  i 'll take your word for it and it would seem sad to me that he let such a stellar run get spoiled at the end . 
  that guy is comedy gold . 
  i remember in the greek bailout debate he argued for a military dictatorship as the solution . 
  but yeah , it 's definitely bullshit that they put him with `` normal '' european voices on the crisis . 
  most car people are also pro-transport . 
  moves like this are stupid and alienate a lot of people you want support from . 
  i use transport to get to work , i also use my car for a lot and i live in the center of a capital city . 
  they are both very useful for different things . 
  oliver is a lot more preachy than stewart ever was . 
  stewart was really good at tearing down bullshit wherever it came from but he 's not all that left leaning really and the way the us political and media situation is means he had enough for life . 
  while it 's certainly true that he attacked the right wing more , they are objectively less rational in general based on pure logical arguments . 
  and he never really took the next step of `` this is what you should believe '' remember , his brother is coo of nyse , the family is pretty strongly in business and does n't give me the vibe of being all that classically progressive . 
  oliver comes from the uk artist scene which is much more classically leftist and while he has the same gift for tearing down bullshit , he follows it up with the preachy ideas of telling you the `` right '' opinion afterward . 
  it took awhile to really come out like that because the first season was pretty much all low hanging fruit . 
  it has gotten to be really condescending lately though . 
  that said , i did n't really watch the last few years of the daily show since it was after i moved to spain and i just kind of watch random youtube clips of last week tonight . 
  this basically leaves the process dead in the water for now and leaves quite a precarious situation for catalonia as far as actual governing is concerned . 
  erc and convergenica who currently form the `` together for yes '' list basically do n't agree on anything and were only joined for a unilateral independence bid . 
  there will mostly likely be a break up of that party and likely lead to new elections . 
  i would bet there will be `` negotiations '' for a couple months while the generalitat just basically takes care of day-to-day business without much more until the national general elections in december and have a re-vote after the new national landscape is clear . 
  but really , it seems like without a common independence goal now , that catalonia is pretty impossible to govern given the current situation . 
  hijacking the top comment for the latest developments . 
  cup , the leftist party that would be needed in a coalition , has rejected the idea of unilateral independence since the two lists got under 50 % of the vote . 
  this basically leaves the process dead in the water for now and leaves quite a precarious situation for catalonia as far as actual governing is concerned . 
  erc and convergenica who currently form the `` together for yes '' list basically do n't agree on anything and were only joined for a unilateral independence bid . 
  there will mostly likely be a break up of that party and likely lead to new elections . 
  i would bet there will be `` negotiations '' for a couple months while the generalitat just basically takes care of day-to-day business without much more until the national general elections in december and have a re-vote after the new national landscape is clear . 
  i never said it was the only factor nor did i imply anything about trajectory , only that as a unifying force the language issue is n't nearly as strong in basque country than in catalonia . 
  also worth mentioning that far more people in catalonia speak catalan than people in basque country speak basque so the unifying effect of just the language is a lot more limited . 
  i think it 's something like half of people in the basque country ca n't speak basque . 
  pretty much the same position of the socialists . 
  he 's been anti-fta for decades ... why do people think he does n't believe it ? 
  there will be a mass protest for a police shooting by march , because that 's the rate those things happen , and trump will respond with force which will cause a riot which will result in him responding with overwhelming force . 
  it also makes him feel a lot more safe to people who are not in the inner cities . 
  he will also be sure to include lots of black people that are n't from that environment , too to ensure he is n't racist . 
  the first islamic attack will be met with whatever bullshit at the border and a big show of force against ... something . 
  in either case , the rhetoric will go up to 11 and it 's exactly what daesh wants in their recruitment materials which will help turn an otherwise marginal arab kid into a radical and attack more which feeds into their narrative . 
  they want it to be a war of civilizations , they do n't fear death like we do and playing into that hand will only make them stronger . 
  he 's already saying the media is dangerous for inciting protests against him and has repeatedly said that critical media needs to reigned in . 
  these are n't hypothetical positions . 
  there 's like a collective idea of `` yeah , but not really '' that i see among a lot of trump supporters and i fear it 's already too late . 
  the man is a megalomaniac . 
  i did n't realize they had anything other than prop planes . 
  good for them . 
  is n't 5 star leftist ? 
  we have two right wing , anti-russia parties, 
   they advocate for , they 're not just saying it to get elected . 
  unlike trump , many of european leaders have a long history of involvement in radical political movements and parties . 
  trump has been saying extreme shit for decades . 
  that it was only a footnote in europe does n't make him less convinced of himself . 
  here in spain , things were right about to get hairy . 
  budgets had been approved right before the last government disbanded . 
  aside from that , reforms were generally doing alright so just leaving them be without doing anything was probably a good move but now budgets have to be approved again and it would have been a shitshow with no acting government . 
  so basically it was about as long as possible without actually causing notable damage . 
   no airforce well , there is a [ small one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f9/pilatus_pc-9_of_the_irish_air_corp_flying_in_formation_9.jpg ), 
  if we can manage to not fall apart ourselves , that must mean something good about retarded management !, 
  hispano-italian alliance !, 
  fail forward !, 
   he had him at ~ 30 % . 
  he discussed how polling errors tend to be correlated ( not average out ) , and how clinton could get the majority of the vote but still lose . 
  also worth pointing out he was probably the most pro-trump forecast that was not just blatantly partisan . 
  yeah , well ... he 's not really . 
  is n't trump a british citizen ? 
  ( child of a scot ), 
  also withrawal from nafta, 
  til 5th in gdp in the eu is meaningless . 
  and from an international relations standpoint , spain is arguably more important than italy due to the colonial past . 
  populism in spain is leftist and is very pro-migration . 
  i would say more like canada, 
  and the justice department has been pretty big on pursuing civil rights claims . 
  but yes , the us is structured fundamentally different than european parliamentary democracies , even the federal states . 
  the polls were within a couple percent ( she did win the popular vote ) . 
  i think the lesson is it 's really fucking hard to figure out what turnout will be when populists are involved . 
  538 was really clear that he had the advantage in the electoral college because his supporters were more concentrated in important states . 
  michigan and wisconsin also have large minority and educate , non-working class populations . 
  the trump bread and butter people have been gone for a long time . 
  i agree , but they will just start developing again and nobody except the us will put sanctions . 
  so it just leads to proliferation . 
  obama organized global consensus with his sanctions to make it work . 
  that would require them to coordinate enough together . 
  they are going to lose their years of good organization now . 
  it 's not clear who will inherit the party . 
  the left 's reaction will be similar to brexit in that they will galvanize even further left which just further alienates them and gives more power . 
  honestly , it reminds me of how ch\u00e1vez consolidated in venezuela . 
  he did divide and conquer by keeping his opponents more worried about being the standard of the opposition and then slowly eroded away at liberties . 
  i see trump as truly wanting to do the same from the right . 
  reddit does n't seem to realize that it 's nowhere close to a true representative sample . 
  yeah , and you still have to get through oresund . 
  republicans have won the white vote decisively since w and bill only won because there was still the old southern democrat streak still alive if only slightly . 
  i think they would n't have turned out like they need to . 
  and i 'm from one of those areas . 
  sure bernie won disillusioned democrats that voted in the primary , but those places are already lost to the republicans . 
  hell , being a democrat itself is n't something you really say in a lot of those areas . 
  you go into any rural bar and they 'll have espn and fox news on tv and they care way more about the nationalism than anything else .
