  the princess ( infanta ) was also just indicted . 
  the king also got into trouble for breaking his hip while secretly on a trip to hunt elephants in africa . 
  what are your incentives for using that grammatical structure ? 
  i like to think of a clockwork orange as an accurate historical film . 
  but seriously , as a young-ish guy who grew up in the usa , i always imagined that time based on the original willy wonka . 
  according to wiki :  the fund is required by law to be invested in non-marketable securities issued and guaranteed by the `` full faith and credit '' of the federal government . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_security_trust_fund so basically it 's just us government bonds . 
  it 's something like there are two aldis ( i think it was a disagreement between brothers ) . 
  trader joe 's is the same as the spanish aldi . 
  the one branded aldi in the us the other one . 
  i honestly do n't know how it goes in other countries since those are the only two i live in . 
  i would go with pop tarts . 
  i also really miss barbecue potato chips from time to time . 
  grape jelly is one that is just something that does n't really exist because there are no concord grapes on the european side . 
  taco bell and cheap burritos both in madrid !, 
  still not as good as the us mexican food though . 
  it 's aldi . 
  i ca n't remember if it 's the north or the south one . 
  i know it 's the same aldi as spain and shitty us aldi is the other one . 
  it 's all inferior to mercadona anyway . 
  spain is not choking with debt !!!, 
  seriously , i do n't get why nobody actually looks at the actual debt numbers . 
  spain followed the rules better than even germany and got crushed by the real estate bust . 
  a lot of the over investment came from places like germany and the uk for people buying holiday property . 
  now that all the construction jobs went away everyone figures out that was a big part of the economy and leads to a downward spiral . 
  this means that the deficit is a concern right now , but this is what is supposed to happen . 
  lower the debt in the boom and deficit spend like mad in the bust , but now nobody trusts any deficit . 
  there was corruption , and it should be fixed . 
  however , it is not the root cause of the problem . 
  the current cause of the problem is that people are still required to pay their mortgages after the bank takes back a house in default . 
  banks should n't be allowed to both sell a house they used as collateral and still be collecting payments from the original borrower . 
  that 's why it 's collateral in the first place . 
  i 'm originally from the us and speak fluent spanish . 
  but i can not understand a word of llanito . 
  seriously , it 's like taking overly colloquial english and mixing it with andal\u00faz and just makes my brain hurt because i should theoretically pick up on it . 
  yeah , i 'm sure there 's not too much happening around there this week . 
  the issue is that in a situation with a permanent imbalance , there needs to be some form of permanent monetary transfer . 
  as of right now this only exists through the cap . 
  in the us poor people receive money that comes from the national government and often receive more investment in national projects . 
  that 's just part of how a currency union needs to work to be viable . 
  those rates are fantasy . 
  ( well 3 % in current climate maybe not ) but yeah , a reasonable , non-insane premium over more `` stable '' countries ... definitely . 
  real growth and interest rates will rebound again , and that 's a good thing . 
  what remains to be seen is just how painful leaving the ez is . 
  the other main issue is that leaving the single currency means violating a huge part of the whole eu framework . 
  i still do n't see how a country exits the euro but stays in the union unless they 're willing to just overlook the whole freedom of capital pillar . 
  ( i doubt it ), 
  i bet that deposits under 100k are left alone . 
  they tax the hell out of some russian money and will get to use the diplomatic clout of the troika to help with any putin vengance . 
  so it 's a choice of losing a nominal amount at a guaranteed rate or losing a real amount through devaluation at a much more difficult to control rate while maintaining the same nominal balance . 
  at least right now people can argue to get the tax lowered . 
  as i understand the problem is that cypriot banks rely too heavily on deposits rather than bondholders . 
  a result of a lot of looking the other way to get shady russian money . 
  so basically they have to tax the deposits in order to get the money since they just can not reasonably extract from bondholders . 
  the us has incredibly high corporate tax rates and low income tax rates . 
  pretty much the reverse of how it works best . 
  schengen is for free travel and has to do with border inspections . 
  it has nothing to do with legal rights once in those countries . 
  spain is similar and starbucks just sells espressos as well . 
  they are mostly known for the frappuccino and other fancy drinks as well as the pastries . 
  also at home people will often warm milk in the microwave and mix with instant nescaf\u00e9 . 
  the biggest issue i see with that is adoption of the euro . 
  new member states do n't get the exception the uk has and are legally obligated to join the euro . 
  that said , nobody knows what they would really do if you just pull a sweden and ignore the legal obligation entirely . 
  i imagine that might change though after the crisis is over . 
  went because it was the only place i found a job . 
  back in the us for a moment , but going back once i can because spanish fianc\u00e9e . 
  currently living in the us for awhile to wait out the crisis . 
  but i 've never once had that issue . 
  i actually seem to get more annoyed from people trying to say how much they love north americans . 
  it does tend to be a conversation starter and in the office i always was in demand to correct email in english . 
  my accent always seems to be a conversation starter at least . 
  i like to talk politics despite it being a horribly frustrating experience in spain . 
  ( much more so than the us ) then sometimes people will assume i agree with all of america 's foreign policy , but always very civil and in the context of a complex discussion . 
  i believe english has between 12 and 16 depending on the accent or something like that . 
  the vowel sounds also explain whey you all can understand me just fine when i speak spanish but i ca n't understand a word when you speak back . 
  monarch acting respectably . 
  juan carlos just seems to want to kill any good will people may have had for him . 
  it makes cross border investment much more attractive by removing a significant risk factor in currency changing . 
  this has historically been an issue along the european periphery and the euro absolutely makes it much more secure for companies to do cross border investment going both ways and makes everyone stronger . 
  yeah , / r/spain is mostly foreigners ( like myself ) i 'm not even living in europe at the moment , but i 'm going back when things get better . 
  so ... meh . 
  sales tax in the us is not like the vat that one finds in many other countreis . 
  you do n't claim it back . 
  once paid you do n't get to pass it on . 
  they have something about a log pooping gifts there , too . 
  i do n't understand . 
  that 's for the federal government . 
  state taxes often add on to that . 
  also , sales tax can end up being much more damaging than vat . 
  i have a 10 % sales tax where i live but this can mean that if an item passes through two retailers it is taxed multiple times . 
  i was actually out with the bankers and half the financial types were spanish , as well . 
  last time i was in london i ended up speaking spanish at just about every pub i went to . 
  it was kind of ridiculous . 
  the difference is that spain is receiving its money from outside help . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing as i honestly do n't get how you have a single currency with a tenet of free movement of capital without a banking union while not expecting shit like this . 
  levels of confidence in the government debt that are needed in order to keep the country function . 
  an important practical difference if you ask me . 
  in fairness ireland 's stemmed from willingly guaranteeing all deposits making an ordinary banking crisis into a sovereign crisis . 
  still the single stupidest move by anyone in the crisis .
