  source is wikipedia !, 
  english wikipedia ? 
  i mean , even though english is the current global language , it 's still a european language and likely to have a euro-centric bias . 
   standardised equipment would be cheaper to produce for each nation . 
  this is already functionally the case with nato standards . 
  even for non-nato if you are n't buy russian equipment , you 're buying nato standards . 
  is it unable to nationalize or is it that they must pay fair market value if they wish to continue benefitting from the treaty ? 
  why is it unreasonable to agree to protections for foreign investors , fuck over those protections ( perfectly legally allowed ) and then expect to continue benefitting ? 
  between the 197 and the train to centraal station you 're generally within 3 or 4 blocks of most of the center . 
  with one or the other . 
  they may not want to go to near the train station ? 
  these are already being trialed in pittsburgh , usa . 
  i do think it will be awhile before they can deal with the craziness of traffic in a big european city compared to the more regimented rules of a secondary us city , but it 's getting there . 
  40 $ sounds pretty cheap for amsterdam . 
  madrid fixed this problem by having a fixed 30 $ fare from the airport to the center and all taxis have that posted in their window . 
  it 's common in the netherlands to only accept maestro . 
  it 's a pain in the ass for visitors . 
  do n't they have a limit of how much to charge ? 
  like you can only recover costs or something ? 
  i 've never used it but i 've considered signing up to drive people and have some conversation . 
  i was playing along as the straight man . 
  i would much rather have an eu army that works closely with the us than the current form of nato . 
  note that i am not anti-nato , but i do think it 's a model for a world that does n't really exist anymore . 
  i think us/canada/mexico should make a n. american alliance and work closely with the eu forces . 
  unfortunately i also think this means a real commitment to spending on defense that europe seems unwilling to give . 
  or , you know , maybe everything is n't a conspiracy and companies are run by disorganized disparate groups , too . 
  when others do it it 's abusing loopholes . 
  when they do it it 's exploiting tax incentives . 
  the problem is one person 's loophole is another person 's tax incentive . 
  my biggest issue is pretending that it 's the corporations ' fault that they are taking exactly what the governments are offering them to be advantageous . 
  i do n't blame the companies one bit for doing what is in their interest and is specifically offered in the law , and i have yet to see anything resembling large-scale tax evasion rather than tax avoidance . 
  the main product of coca cola is the syrup . 
  i do n't know what the actual makeup of that is , but do n't confuse coca cola with coca cola bottlers who are independent . 
  i remember seeing a youtube video of a guy who spoke middle english having a conversation with a farmer that spoke frisian as the two are mutually intelligible . 
  there is a live experiment of this in mallorca . 
  i would add that it 's changing quite fast . 
  it reminds me a lot of the change in smoking culture in the us that started in the mid 1990s . 
  my opinion is that a government must only behave by the laws it has set out for itself and that ignoring constitutions for political convenience is a very dangerous precedent . 
  and catalonia itself voted massively in favor of the constitution . 
  wow a video that actually recognizes that spain 's problem was private debt not public spending . 
  i think you have to in some cases . 
  the example of central banks being a good one . 
  the average person just has no idea how the financial system works on a fundamental level and is very susceptible to being swayed by smooth talk . 
  see gold standard people , inflation is always bad and equal to robbery , money is n't legitimate in general , etc. . . 
  good piece , surprised to see it in the guardian , though . 
  fyi for people who do n't know , this weekend ( 11 september ) is the catalan national day which has turned into pretty much just pro-independence rally rather than just celebrating catalan culture in general . 
  the point being , there 's going to be a lot of noise on the issue . 
  i do n't know about italy , but spain is in a great position to deal with climate change . 
  we have relatively few low lying coastal areas and it 's a mountainous country in general . 
  right but the single market includes free movement of people . 
  romania , bulgaria , and croatia would also be excluded from the scheme . 
  yeah ... accident implies unintentional . 
  i 'm assuming similar to the us/canadian/australian systems so basically just a small fee and an online registration . 
  i ca n't imagine it will have any effect whatsoever on negotiations . 
  electronic authorizations are a trend in borders now anyway . 
  would n't apply to ireland as it will be part of the single market . 
  and if the uk were not part of the single market , there 'd need to be a border built between n. ireland and ireland so at that point ireland should just join schengen . 
  vodafone in spain is similar , it even includes the usa . 
  spain has massive variations among the populated parts , as well . 
  galicia will look more like ireland while the canaries are going to be over 20\u00ba . 
  eh , i really dislike both , personally . 
  i think the biggest problem in barcelona is the anarchist style protesters are quickly willing to turn on their own once they get into power so she does n't know how to deal with people that used to be her team giving her problems . 
  thinking specifically about the bank occupation . 
  but yeah , i think the leadership of podemos in madrid is n't so much a carmena problem as it 's a problem that 's really fundamental to podemos nationally . 
  she just happens to depend on them . 
  yeah , the podemos party in spain is having a similar issue right now . 
  there is a push for new leadership in the madrid party governance and it 's led by two women that just happen to be the exes of the n\u00ba 1 and 2 of the national party . 
  there 's a big statement today about how they should be judged on their own not as former romantic partners ( a point i actually agree with ) . 
  but you ca n't make a career calling out the old system for corruption because people close end up in positions of influence and then cry when the same shit comes back at you . 
  i honestly do n't have that much of a problem with family members and close friends being involved in politics like that since competent politicians tend to all know each other and run in the same social groups and universities so it 's logical that they will be friends and marry between them and all that goes with that . 
  but saying it 's only a problem when it 's others sounds more than a bit disingenuous to me . 
  this is reminding me a lot of spain and the new wave mayors in madrid and barcelona . 
  the mayor of madrid had a very long career as a judge , and while i do n't agree with her on a lot , she is very competent and the city is more or less being run okay on a basic competence level . 
  barcelona elected an activist without any real experience and has pretty much just been anti-sistema as we say here and barcelona is having really fundamental issues from basic competence because it turns out protesters really do n't know how to actually prioritize ideas and compromise on things to actually lead stuff . 
  you can clearly see the shitty atlantic weather in galicia for the [ spanish map ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-gmfgmbag3oi/uni32eqrgpi/aaaaaaaaa9o/wdszue0e0w0/s1600/tasa_suicidios_espa%c3%b1a_2010_geocommons.png ) . 
  also . . i do n't know what 's going on in andalusia . 
  not anymore . 
  it really is pretty nice around here . 
  also , a big part of ryanair 's marketing is having mol say crazy shit so people talk about ryanair . 
  they 're never going to install standing room only or make you pay for the bathroom either . 
  but when he says they 're `` considering it '' it goes to all the papers who instantly give them free publicity and remind everyone that ryanair = cheap and promotes their brand . 
  hell , the horrible customer service used to be a part of that until there got to be too much competition in the lcc model , now they 're good about it . 
  but it used to be that they wanted to make sure it felt cheap and part of that was treating the customer terribly . 
  i had a big long write up of how the business works and it just got deleted . 
  basically easyjet plc owns 49 % of easyjet switzerland sa and so they can do the negotiations essentially with themselves of saying an additional eu rotation for an additional swiss rotation . 
  so in that case , you almost definitely had a uk registered plane with an operating certificate from the uk caa . 
  the two companies are , nominally , independent but clearly coordinate . 
  ( kind of like how virgin atlantic is delta 's uk arm ), 
  it 's not entirely clear what the uk 's relationship with the european common aviation area will be . 
  switzerland is not a member while norway is , for example . 
  that 's why i can get domestic flights in spain on norwegian and why easyjet has a subsidiary based out of switzerland for swiss flights . 
  if the uk does not remain a member , ryanair would n't be allowed to operate domestic flights in the uk and easyjet and flybe would n't be allowed to operate flights that do n't touch the uk without special agreements ( well except the mentioned swiss subsidiary ) . 
  the uk domestic market is huge , so i 'd guarantee that ryanair would make a ryanairuk but fares would be higher because you lose a lot of the scale and it would be a much smaller airline ( it would have to have its own aoc ) . 
  easyjet would also basically have to move to an eu city and then establish a separate uk franchise as well . 
  aviation is a huge fucking mess for brexit as it stands by just leaving there 's not even an open skies agreement so each individual arrival and departure has to be individually negotiated with the eu and in those cases it 's usually tit for tat . 
  meaning for every easyjet flight ( lets assume current corporate structure ) from the uk to the eu , there has to be an eu ( well , ecaa more precicesly ) airline that also has a spot . 
  it may be interesting to see what happens if foreign ownership rules are also put in place , considering iag , the company that owns ba is spanish and reports in euros . 
  that said , since iag also owns iberia , aer lingus , and vueling which are all eu carriers , they can actually use those lines to grow what is allowed with ba in that case . 
  at least $ 14 is negligible in the total cost of a trip to the us . 
  and they ca n't even get a transit visa ?
