  i ca n't imagine it would in any way be cheaper than a plane . 
  that 's a lot of infrastructure to maintain along the way . 
  are you guys actually using pumped storage ? 
  seems like it 'd make a lot more sense to just run the dams at a lot lower rate since nature takes care of the filling it up part for you guys . 
  the bird issue is actually a legitimate thing , but it 's more about migratory birds . 
  you could kill a million sparrows and it would n't matter because the reproduce crazy fast and in large numbers . 
  it 's large migratory birds ( particularly sea birds ) that can live for a long time and maybe produce a single offspring per year if they 're lucky that are the issue . 
  and it 's not just flying directly into the turbine , flying near it can make their hearts explode from the large pressure differences caused by the blades . 
  i mean , i 'm pro wind where it makes sense but you ca n't just dismiss `` birds '' . 
  i mean , there 's a legitimate argument for uk outside of the eu that still has uk security cooperation . 
  i mean , considering that the established order is nato , i would say that 's the default argument . 
  i mean , i do n't agree with it , but i accept it as legitimate . 
  i see no reason to think that even if nato would need to be drastically reformed or even moved to a pure european alliance why the uk would not be a part of that . 
  eu is certainly not a prerequisite for nato as is ( norway and turkey are pretty vital members ) . 
  the problem with a dossier like that being public is intelligence does n't work on a true/not true basis . 
  there are degrees of confidence and they kind of use the sum of parts to determine what to keep looking into . 
  just being in the document does n't even mean they think it 's true and any single part is n't really reflective on the rest . 
  unfortunately , nuance is not something the public does well so just disproving a single part means the whole thing is rubbish to a lot of people . 
  and honestly , the pee tape is n't even in my top 5 `` holy shit '' parts of that document . 
  ( no 1 has got to be the promise of giving almost 20 % of rosneft to a trump crony in exchange for no more sanctions ), 
  china has n't really shown any force projection ambitions beyond their immediate sphere of influence . 
  the real issue for the future is africa , though . 
  even with the uk out of the eu , i ca n't imagine them not being a hugely important partner in defense . 
  same as norway . 
  obviously a stable continent is in everyone 's interest . 
  is it snowy in benasque ? 
  i was there last weekend and it was nice , but the snow had n't made it down the valley . 
  damn everyone pays a lot to drink . 
  and we do n't have a huge alcoholism problem either . 
  it 's a fence ... you know like the us already has . 
  i mean , we 're pretty insular in spain but we recognize that the french/british/germans / etc. . . will all see things in their own way , too . 
  like in the us the idea that the non-english speaking world even has different ways of seeing things just does n't even occur to lots of people . 
  are there data for number of russian schengen visas given out ? 
  has it gone up recently ? 
  glorious . 
  also the uae tends to have budgets very stuck to each emirate and dubai does n't really have that much , it 's abu dhabi that 's got all that adnoc revenue, 
  they are a legitimate news source . 
  they obviously have a pro-arab bias , but it 's not like they treat bias how the us organization do where they just start blatantly supporting a side , it just means they cover issues that are more important to arabs . 
  just like how nhk is pro-japanese and dw is pro german . 
  i 'm from the us ... it 's really that bad . 
  the smart people ask if i 'm worried about being paid in euros , the marginally informed just honestly think it 's basically saudi arabia now . 
  i think the vast majority of americans do n't even think about the fact that there is anything other than english language media . 
  and even for the foreign stuff in english , it 's treated as basically untrustworthy ( france24 , al jazeera being the biggest non anglophone country english news sites ), 
  i still say artificial promotion of diesel is the biggest single policy mistake of europe as a whole . 
  diesels have a place , but not in personal car engines in packed cities . 
  paying off the debt does not give you anything . 
  fuck the debt . 
  / s when your interest rates are negative ... it really is worse to pay off the debt . 
  i mean , they literally have people willing to pay to take out more debt but wo n't because debt is bad or something . 
  it makes no sense . 
  they could use the money to actually finish ber airport . 
  though funnily enough , it looks like they need to keep the current sxf terminal for additional capacity , too . 
  the point being that venice is not the same thing as italy since it was under uk rule well before the formation of the kingdom of italy . 
  technically true . 
  i do n't think anyone is really happy with the nuclear situation in spain except the problem is it 's pretty divided versus no more versus modernize the system ( i 'm firmly on the latter side ) . 
  i 'm surprised aragon does n't subsidize a flight to the uk from huesca in winter . 
  it 's a great alternative ski destination . 
  but i read a lot of travel stuff and interior/northern spain is kind of popular at the moment . 
  the camino de santiago is more popular than ever with foreigners which could be a big part of it . 
  i always think it 's kind of funny that it causes huge amounts of foreigners to go through palencia where there 's ... not all that much . 
  i 'm from the us and i just feel like i do n't even recognize the place anymore . 
  i came of age during w and the iraq war and all that and it really was n't anywhere near as bad as now . 
  my family are like 90 % hardcore trump supporters and it 's just crazy . 
  my spanish citizenship ca n't come fast enough . 
  it 's really weird . 
  it 's a message of american decline but you 're still basically required to say it 's the greatest country ever . 
  i saw it on the news last night mostly because the images are nuts ( and clearly show the guy is mentally ill ) . 
  like he goes on a destructive streak ( clearly destroying property and not after people ) fires a couple shots and then takes a banana and eats it while the police come to arrest him . 
  i hope he gets the help he obviously needs . 
  i mean , i do n't know if this can be attributed to climate change , but i do n't get why the heavy down votes . 
  i thought it was generally thought that europe would get much colder winters with the warming planet because of a weakening of the gulf stream . 
  there was n't enough rain for you in alicante last month ? 
  andalusia independentists are a communist movement so they do n't give a fuck about being poor . 
  heh , welcome to how we feel about andalusia . 
  my mother in law 's cousin is like a hardcore le\u00f3n independentist . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's a less in your face version of what ryanair does where o'leary will say something outlandish like paying for bathrooms or standing room only flights and it will make a bunch of people on forums go about how bad ryanair service is and they are getting free word of mouth advertising about being cheap . 
  someone about to learn how people in spain will talk about how terrible it is all day long , but as soon as someone from abroad does , it 's time to defend !, 
  oh ... both happen . 
    in real-time ? 
  do they run searches against them ? 
  remember the berlin attacker was caught just a few days later . 
  yes , it 's not that hard to run searches against a database . 
  i mean , like i said , this is how it 's done even domestically here so it 's hardly a big barrier and i 'm not that convinced by slippery slope arguments . 
  the manifests can be seen by the authorities so if there is a flag , you can bet police will be there . 
  it 's not meant to be as thorough as a full control but it does do a fair amount . 
  if you want a full border control , then dismantle schengen . 
  the way it works in spain is that you do n't get on the airplane without them verifying with an id that you are traveling under your own name . 
  it 's the company 's responsibility and is n't a formal control at all , but is required by law . 
  this is n't about formal passport controls , but to limit anonymous travel on international transport , they are very different concepts . 
  umm ... you absolutely do have passport control when entering schengen from outside of schengen , same as when you have them for leaving . 
  and the id checks are not formal checks , but laws that say the companies need to check to make sure the name on the ticket is the same person travelling . 
  that 's very different from a formal police control . 
  yeah , i think the police here are really , really good about the subtle touch of when to have a heavy hand and when to let things go . 
  there 's kind of an understanding that keeping things reasonable and just between criminals means the police wo n't look to hard at you . 
  but if you start to mess with `` civilians '' ( obviously hard to define in the criminal sense ) they will come down hard . 
  because that territory has been a part of spain for a very long time . 
  morocco 's claims are about as laughable as spain 's claim to gibraltar , everyone knows it 's not really serious . 
  i do n't like arguing counterfactuals . 
  that 's not the situation we face and i 'm not going to start arguing as if it were based on the local needs .
