  the real reason psoe managed to stay in second in spain ... pedro sanchez being ridiculously handsome . 
  a true cultural catholic . 
  i mean , i think it 's clearly political speech rather than advertising . 
  i mean , i really want to reiterate how awful i think it is , but i still disagree with banning it . 
  i honestly only agree with the law with regards to inciting violence . 
  i just really disagree with banning unpopular views because people might feel bad about it . 
  i agree it 's shitty , but there 's no right to not have feeling hurt because someone else says something terrible . 
  stifling speech , even speech i find terrible , because of it might be emotionally disturbing is something i can not get behind . 
  yeah , i hate them , but i do n't think it should be banned . 
  they are a private organization and also have right to free speech . 
  there is no right not to have feelings hurt and trying to protect people from unpopular opinions is a dangerous precedent . 
  but again ... fuck these guys . 
  because the bone imparts flavor and makes it so the curing process works better while keeping the skin on ( you also have to cut off the skin when cutting to serve . 
  i 'm not an expert in the process , but i do know it just does n't work right if you cut the meat out before curing . 
  after it 's cured , staying in tact is what preserves it . 
  there are meats that are cured after being cut off , but they are placed in casings since there 's no skin and that 's what chorizo , salchich\u00f3n , fuet , etc. . . are, 
  you just keep an oily cloth over top of it . 
  sometimes it can get a small bit of mold on the top layer and you just cut it off . 
  it was a special offer . 
  normally you would pay 35-40 $ for something of equivalent quality . 
  that said , it 's pretty normal to bring people whole legs as gifts if you 're a guest in their house and stuff . 
  it 's like a standard , nice gift . 
  for a whole leg, 
  eh , it 's more out of pure laziness because i usually spend at least 20 minutes to a half hour cutting to get enough for a few days . 
   is n't this 2 completely different types of coffee ? 
  at least in spain , the right is what happens when you order `` caf\u00e9 '' you have to specify drip coffee if you want the other one and it 's not that common . 
  how the hell are they cutting that leg ? 
  having it properly cured on the whole leg is hugely important . 
  you can buy it sliced but it 's still going to be cheaper to just buy the whole leg , even if it 's sold by weight . 
  i actually managed to buy a halfway decent serrano leg for 20 $ around christmas . 
  it 's an amazing value , it gives you meat for months . 
  but think of it like wines . 
  i would say normal price for a regular quality serrano is 40-50 $ and 80-100 $ for an ib\u00e9rico . 
  from there , i 've seen legs for 400 $ , but at some point there is diminishing returns on the quality . 
   ( legs last 6 months if you like your ham ) we 're halfway through the pata we bought at christmas . 
  and we will still buy pre sliced from the store from time to time . 
  is n't that just based on how it was done in england ? 
  in spain it 's just a municipality . 
  though in rural areas many towns are often covered by the same municipality so you will actually have several towns with the same mayor , for example . 
  shipping is usually a very small part of emissions from production , even via air cargo . 
  i mean , obviously it will vary by product , but canada tends to have a high emissions per unit of gdp ( mostly because so much of the gdp is oil ) . 
  that report is about income inequality . 
  personally , i do think that income inequality can be an issue when too extreme but i honestly do n't think wealth inequality is an issue so long as there is a healthy monetary policy . 
  the two issues , while tangentially related , are actually massively different . 
  it in spain has so many romanians . 
   i think it 's fair to assume that the spanish government 's own figures are more accurate than estimates from a think tank . 
  you would be wrong . 
  the census is meant to be a register of people registered , and many brits do n't register . 
  it does n't really have a goal to square inaccuracies in the residency registrations . 
  basically everyone agrees the census is a large underestimate of the absolute number . 
  that said , it 's hard to measure , how do you count the many people that effectively live in both places , as an example ? 
  i thinks systems where you end up routinely needing 3 or more parties for a coalition are great . 
  even if it 's the same parties , you subtly change who has more negotiation power and whose priorities are first without being to radical and forcing compromise on less important things . 
  boring politics is good politics . 
  my experience in france is that french people love to speak spanish whenever they get the chance to practice . 
  i 'm happy to let them even though i actually learned spanish as an adult and am a native english speaker but it always seems to keep them more engaged in the conversation . 
  i do n't really consider a churro a pastry . 
  that said ... yeah portugal wins the pastry war . 
  that 's the best part about going there . 
  there seems to be a collective amnesia about how bad post-war uk did , ultimately ending up with the imf bailout . 
  cyprus joined . 
  kosovo has no status in the eu and it 's a bigger issue for them . 
  ireland and uk were also members while there was a border dispute , though in that case both were clearly recognized states . 
  i 'm a native english speaker . 
  `` half of '' means `` half '' . 
  it could be use for exaggeration for effect ( e.g. 
  `` i had tons of chocolate for dessert '' while not literally referring to thousands of kilos ) but the meaning is not ambiguous . 
    that 'd probably be mainly due to lack of staff due to previous years of austerity though . 
  ca n't imagine that numbers arriving in ireland increased much in 2011 . 
  ireland 's growing crazy fast , the increases could easily be huge . 
  especially since it would have to be a small increase in absolute terms for a large percentage increase since the entire country is less than the population of london, 
  they 've kind of topped out and it 's not really clear where they 'd get additional support from . 
  seriously ... roughly half the electorate very clearly remembers the dictatorship first hand . 
  and while lots of people will say here that pp is exactly the same as the dictatorship , they very clearly embrace democratic principles , even if it 's some of the same families . 
  while not exactly the best , a lot of the logic on the right was that franco was terrible , just better than what would have likely been a soviet puppet state ( i 'm honestly not going to put an opinion on that , just saying that 's how the right sees things ) . 
   in an attempt to cripple the german economy . 
  not cripple , but make it so intertwined with the rest of europe that conflict would n't be worth it . 
   ( and gibraltar , the falkland islands , jersey , guernsey and a lot of other islands ) those are n't actually part of the united kingdom . 
  it 's gets really fucking complex legally . 
  like they are under the sovereignty of the uk , but not a part of the uk at the same time . 
   in france a few economists came out with statements that increasing job flexibility does n't really correlate well with decreased unemployment . 
  but what about the productivity of existing employment ? 
  that 's where i think the big benefit would be . 
  catalan is responsible for making it easier to type french on a spanish keyboard than a french one . 
  grave accents , cedilla , diaeresis ... good to go, 
  i just learned the keyboard allows it right now . 
  for whatever reason the right is better at compromising on things to form coalitions to actually get power while the left tends to define compromise as `` you change your position while i do n't change anything '' so it leads to always being in opposition . 
  it 's still a character in catalan . 
  just like how \u00fc is a character in spanish even though it can only come after a g. 
  really . 
  y as borrowed in catalan ? 
  catalu\u00f1a it is then . 
  i mean , if everyone is still , there 's no threat so no shots should be fired . 
  once everything is in motion is when things get hot and yeah ... it 's difficult to hit limbs of someone running . 
  then it 's even more ridiculous . 
  i have trained with pistols plenty , when you are in a chaotic situation , you do n't just aim for a limb and hope for the best . 
  it 's not like on the range , you need to aim for where there is more target to hit . 
  it honestly sounds like a protocol written by people that get their information on how guns work from hollywood . 
  well , there 's the fact that we do n't have controlled borders and those immigrants do n't actually want to be spread around and can just get a bus back to wherever it is they were `` spread around '' from . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just ridiculous .
