  only we 're allowed to get away with speaking spanish at portuguese people . 
  all mh370 objective evidence points to having gone down in the indian ocean west of australia . 
  what led to it getting there is the real mystery . 
  you should probably just join their national football team , you might win that way . 
  guiri = ingl\u00e9s i 'm from the us ( with an incredibly irish name ) and get called english all the time . 
  but you know , everyone from asia is `` chino '' . 
  people from africa are either `` moro '' or `` negro '' depending on their skin tone . 
  people just simplify groups here . 
  we do n't actually give a fuck about it . 
  i mean , that 's their name in spanish and really does n't have to do with politics . 
  but yeah , you do n't see `` united kingdom ( reino unido ) '' either so i get it . 
  i 'm in an inter-onion marriage . 
  it can be very tense sometimes . 
  as always worth remembering , those that speak english is a pretty heavy selection bias . 
  also , communism did major damage . 
   i 'm not sure if snowden was technically a whistle-blower but i think pretty much everyone would consider him one . 
  all countries have laws regarding national secrets . 
  personally , i 'd have a lot more respect for snowden if he 'd have been willing to stand by his convictions at a trial like daniel ellsburg rather than running off for protection by putin . 
  and nobody in the us is going to go to jail for exposing shitty procurement strategies at a council level . 
  yeah , this seems to be an issue of logic that uncontrolled guns are an issue so therefore they need to `` do something '' . 
  unfortunately that something is just restrictions on the already controlled guns which are n't a problem since the eu parliament does n't have much in the way of any real law enforcement capabilities and the real solution is from policing existing laws more effectively . 
  plenty of people work in the suburbs and live in the city and transport is not always the easiest option . 
  i use transport for now to get to work but when i have a kid , i 'll drive because it would just take too long to take kid to school and then get to work . 
  even now if i have to do anything other than a random stop in the city , i drive and i live about as convenient as possible for transport in madrid . 
  well , not a word with a positive connotation . 
  i could see switching castro and hollande . 
  i do n't think an average person would know who draghi is . 
  remember people like you and me that follow these things are by no means the norm . 
  spain : 1 . 
  obama , merkel , putin , francisco 2 . 
  junker , tusk , draghi , pe\u00f1a nieto a few may be more flexible . 
  dilma would probably be higher at the moment . 
  assad would have been higher a few years ago but i think the syrian civil war has kind of faded into the background and refugees are just kind of a rhetorical platform with no real impact here . 
  it 's a really bad system . 
  as far as i know , french does n't use \u00e1 , but rather \u00e0 . 
  and they use them by just having dedicated keys . 
  it 's nuts . 
  ( see the 2 , 7 , 0 keys on the number line of the layout you posted ), 
  the thing with samsung , is you have to realize they are n't just phones or consumer electronics in general . 
  the korean conglomerates are just staggering in their size . 
  samsung , daewoo , hyundai , etc. . . are all involved in heavy industry as well as all kind of other corporate dealings . 
  but if the guys who made rovio were smart and actually cashed some out of the company when it was riding high , then they will still be contributing a fair amount in capital gains taxes regardless . 
  the spanish keyboard has a ' \u00e7 ' for use in catalan and goes with diacritical hotkeys . 
  again since catalan uses grave accents you can do ' \u00e1 ' and ' \u00e0 ' just as easily . 
  there is a circumflex hotkey as well so \u00e2 , \u00f4 , etc. . is pretty easy though i do n't really know why we need it . 
  spanish uses a diaeresis as well , even though it can only exist as ' \u00fc ' in spanish , it 's also a hotkey so you can write words like na\u00efve correctly with no problem . 
  i find it to be the most flexible keyboard in general for latin script . 
  it was always burning, 
  i like how it 's easier to type in french on a spanish keyboard than a french one . 
  yeah , i 've lived pretty much my entire adult life in spain so it 's my reference point to how i see the world . 
  though of course having grown up in the us certainly colors things as well . 
  refugees is just a talking point here . 
  most of them do n't actually want to come to spain . 
  even ciudadanos supports bringing more refugees . 
  yeah , most english speakers realize that part of being such a global language is imperfections in learning it and it 's just a way to communicate . 
  for all it 's faults , english is also very forgiving and relatively easy to get to a level where normal communication works , especially from european languages since it 's essentially a pidgin of a romance language and a germanic language . 
  yeah , there 's a lot of irregular stuff to work on , but nobody has a hard time understanding if you say `` i eated lunch '', 
  this seems insane to me . 
  i 'm in international business development and so we have the good english speakers and while most can maintain a conversation the idea of speaking in english without there being a foreigner present just does n't happen . 
  on the technical side of thing i would say less than half of the people could even maintain a basic conversation in english . 
  most know enough to be able to do their jobs and the technical words for stuff and can get through a more formal meeting , but if it gets sidetracked and people start talking more naturally ... out of luck . 
  regarding asturian , i have family in rural le\u00f3n and it makes me wonder if all the randomly different vocabulary there is essentially just asturian/leonese transferred into spanish . 
  i 'll have you know i have officially applied for spanish citizenship . 
  nobody had a first strike policy . 
  that 's the whole point of mad . 
  generally the difference is basically brasil . 
  and you 're worried about trump news ? 
  san francisco is about as far removed from that world as you can get . 
  the referendum was basically a sham vote put together in a hurry . 
  which is nuts because if they had done it legitimately , they probably would have won anyway . 
  but doing it legitimately means there 's not a territorial dispute that disqualifies ukraine from joining nato . 
  first off ... do n't worry , it 's a great experience no matter what . 
  but i am originally from the us so i speak english with an american accent and nobody generally thinks i could now be from anywhere else . 
  my wife was there with me for awhile and it 's just that there is a ton of spanish language stuff and it 's like 85 % mexican with the rest being mostly cuban , puerto rican , or from central america with those groups being fairly concentrated geographically . 
  so it 's kind of understandable why people associate speaking spanish with mexico . 
  like most people are aware that spain and mexico are different places but think it 's something like uk vs us culture which is far more similar than spain/mexico . 
  you 'll hear a lot about toros ( do n't bother explaining that it 's banned in catalonia as you 'll then have to explain that whole situation . 
  so i guess if you have lots of time ) and most of the people will ask if you 've ever `` run with the bulls '' assuming that everyone in the whole country goes to san ferm\u00edn . 
  but really , enjoy yourself . 
  what city are you going to ? 
  not about any of that , but whatever . 
  the one i get all the time that 's really annoying is like some noble savage shit . 
  `` spanish people know how to take it easy and enjoy life '' kind of thing . 
  like , i work 10 hour days and it 's normal for me to be out of the house 12 hours during the week . 
  i have basically no time for myself when i get home . 
  my only stereotype of people from luxembourg is that they drive like insane maniacs around portugal in the summer . 
  i 'm still not convinced it 's not just south galicia . 
  be prepared to deal with being considered mexican . 
  i really do n't like hate crime laws . 
  it 's either a crime or it 's not and the motivation should be taken into account in the sentence . 
  i guess my previous question is would the prior hormone regimen have lasting effects ? 
  i 'm not saying sterilizations are okay , but i think that can inform the discussion a bit . 
  serious question here , would the hormone changes have ill effects on the health of the child ? 
  yeah , european cars tend to just laterally shift everything to the right while japanese cars tend to mirror it . 
  and third in a roundabout ?!, 
  how am i supposed to have fun with a peppy motor like that ? 
  i do n't believe that 's actually from c\u00edes with no photoshop . 
  i only see one gull . 
  not an issue really . 
  my biggest issue with driving in the uk is that the hand to signal is the same to shift so it 's hard to signal while leaving a roundabout when i 'd like to be shifting into third .
