  i 'm saving for a down payment so i just keep it in cash . 
  afterward our mortgages are euribor + x % so unlike the american geared / r/personalfinance advice , paying into a long term mortgage while more can go to principal can save a huge amount when interest rates will eventually go up . 
  everything in greece is denominated in euros ... that 's the problem, 
  `` rich '' is a very subjective term . 
  generally for what you think of as very wealthy means you have income generating assets worth millions . 
  possible to accumulate over a long time though . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  it does n't seem right . 
  my bet is it has to do with the high rate of ownership so a lot of rentals are young people sharing multi-room units and also concentrated in more urban areas . 
  people here generally try to get a mortgage as soon as possible . 
  so cheaper units will generally be bought rather than rented . 
  so many cleavage jokes . 
  that 's just not true . 
  marginal rates do n't work that way . 
  i 'm not going to post my details on my main account , but i make more than the op of this thread in germany and my total contributions are less . 
  that seems low for how outrageously expensive norway is , though . 
  start in a technical industry , in 10-15 years the opportunities will find you . 
  i 'm only 5 years into my career and i already have to say no to lots of jobs . 
  i do n't want to live in saudi arabia and i like seeing my wife every day . 
  it 's not that crazy for someone with a bit of experience that spends 50 % on the road . 
  it 's really hard to find people in their 30 's that are willing to basically say `` fuck family '', 
  i 'm married with no kids and we both have decent jobs . 
  and we live a pretty modest lifestyle . 
  will be able to buy a house within a couple years . 
  it 's pretty great . 
  you just ca n't compare . 
  people in spain are n't worried about if they will get hospital treatment . 
  everyone knows their pension check will be coming in . 
  nobody is saying it 's all roses , but it 's just nowhere near as bad and was fundamentally a private bubble in the first place rather than a government issue . 
  and i can assure you spain is growing now . 
  i know in a few sectors around madrid it is really hard to find workers for certain fields . 
  it 's more structural than `` i do n't like it '' especially as greece has a large percentage of the population with mortgages . 
  if you cut nominal wages but keep the debts the same in nominal terms ... deflationary spiral time . 
  an interesting experiment would be a true devaluation of all greek based debts . 
  a 40 % haircut of all private debt based in greece or something like that , particularly mortgages could possibly allow for deflation without too much of a trap . 
  but really though , inflating it away is a much cleaner solution , but it wo n't happen in the ez . 
  i do n't believe they have a choice if greece is technically in default . 
   but you get me . 
  i really , honestly , do n't . 
  do n't associate us with that mess !, 
  no ... they could n't say * italian * sweets with things inside are banned . 
  they can say * all * sweets with things in them are banned . 
  any country can ban whatever they want , so long as it also affects their domestic companies equally . 
  yeah , i think people are missing the fact that it 's the domestic court 's obligation to follow the domestic law . 
  so if that law is fundamentally unfair according to the trade deal they signed , they either need to change the law , pay damages , or withdraw from the trade deal . 
  so long as it 's not a constitutional/basic law/whatever issue , a court will only rule that the law is being followed , even if that law is all companies not from country x must pay an extra fee to operate within the borders or some shit . 
  i have said from the beginning that ideology is not the fundamental problem but that they are basically amateur politicians . 
  they are the permanent opposition type that have plenty of experience writing long winded tirades about why things suck , but little actual experience of actually running large organizations . 
  it is actually fairly difficult on a technical level but normally a government being basically competent is just a given , but not in this case . 
   in all states of law you can challenge stuff before their own courts , just like any native company . 
  but local courts have to follow local laws . 
  so what if country x 's parliament passes a law that says all companies not based in country x must pay 10 % more in taxes . 
  you sue them in their local court and the local court rules it 's perfect within the law that was passed because that 's their job . 
  the point is to be able to sue about discriminatory laws . 
  all a court will rule is that the law is the law , i really doubt there is any sort of constitutional protection against that sort of thing . 
   legal systems generally have contractual freedom so it 's the one you agreed upon ... up to things such as conscionability . 
  just make sure the contract is , in both jurisdictions . 
  in practice this is just done by assigning the law of a third jurisdiction . 
  we generally assign the laws of switzerland just because it 's not in the eu and has decent laws on the subject and choose the arbitration procedures and location . 
  my guess is that the kids feel somehow not fully a part of society just by being a bit `` different '' or whatever . 
  ( how much of that is on society and how much on individuals for not really integrating is a lively debate , but i will just leave it at that ) . 
  so they try to feel some sort of connection to their ancestry which they might see once a year at most and with the money the family makes in europe which will make life appear quite nice back home . 
  so they really overdo it . 
  the parents know full well about the shitty side of life in their home country and generally are quite happy with the opportunities available to them in europe , even if may be less than in their home countries . 
  ( even though immigrants are generally much more likely to own their own business and such ), 
  again ... people sue for all kinds of stupid reasons . 
  they do n't actually win the cases though ... so what 's the problem with giving a day in court ? 
  everyone always cites that people * sue * for ridiculous reasons . 
  nobody ever cites when they * win * for ridiculous reasons because it really does n't happen . 
  i 'm fine with them having their day in court , i 'd much rather have that than not being able to challenge government decisions . 
  i use arbitration in my business and we use it because if a company from jurisdiction x wants to do business in jurisdiction y , well who 's contract law is supreme ? 
  normally we just set an arbitration standard to be held in country z to be neutral to everyone . 
  it really is a fair process . 
  because that 's how negotiations work . 
  it 's a give and take and every time you give a little bit some group ends up throwing a tantrum and use their influence to change just that section which leaves even less room for negotiation and before long everyone only wants to take but wo n't give an inch on anything because there is only really downside risk for the people negotiating , especially if it results in nothing in the end . 
  so what happens is you negotiate the deal and then you just have to look and say is it good enough on the whole to accept or not as-is because if you start allowing amendments , each side will just cut out what they give up and keep what benefits them and you will be back to no agreement . 
  i mean , i do n't agree with it , but it 's an honest position to be against trade deals in general . 
  it 's completely ridiculous to be for them but against secret negotiations because that 's how literally every other deal has been reached . 
  i mean , would you walk into a job interview and say `` i would like x $ , but really , i would still take it if you gave me 70 % of x $ '' ? 
  you 're just giving the other side the advantage by giving away too much of your red lines that way . 
  because we are still waiting for the final draft so you ca n't have a fact based argument about what the agreement actually contains prior to there actually being an agreement . 
  you can have a factless emotional shit storm perfectly well without it , though . 
  well yeah , but price is the issue because there 's just no more room so that 's where the supply and demand equilibrium is . 
  it would be cheaper if they were allowed to build tall buildings , but they are n't so people move outward . 
  that 's what i meant when i said the central areas are full . 
   according to the researchers , many of europe 's largest city centers have seen their populations dwindle between 2001 and 2011 as more people moved away and birthrates went up in metropolitan areas and suburbs where housing is more affordable . 
  those maps do n't show that though . 
  they show the central area as very slow growth compared to the outer suburbs . 
  cost is certainly an issue , but it 's essentially that the city centers are full and the only way to grow is either out or up and europe really does n't like going vertical . 
  i do n't know that i 've ever seen a party for it or anything , but it 's pretty normal to give a `` felicidades '' . 
  especially for the more popular names . 
  in fairness , lyon is a pretty great city . 
  just a completely different world than paris , but it 's one of my favorite medium sized cities . 
  it 's hard to compare when you actually get into the definition of what is london or what is paris . 
  i mean , sutton would n't be considered `` london '' by most people but it 's still in greater london and la d\u00e9f\u00e9nse would be `` paris '' by most people 's understanding and that is n't in paris proper . 
  how municipalities are defined is weird . 
   the palacio de comunicaciones i see it nearly daily and i had no idea that was the official name, 
  more jam\u00f3n for me . 
  also , as i mentioned , they did n't announce they would just give citizenship . 
  that announcement came last week .
