  us infrastructure is bad and getting worse . 
  it might be comparable with some of the worse of eastern countries that are getting much better in europe , but i would hesitate to call it a first world quality system . 
  my wife was shocked at just how shitty the level of infrastructure is . 
  it 's common to find the major interstates/motorways in horrible conditions to the point where you have to actively avoid hazards quite often . 
  my parents live in the middle of amish country , i 'm well aware of the cultural subsets . 
  the cultural variety within the country is much more than that in america even though the whole country is about the size of texas . 
  kind of opposite there are english speaking immigrant enclaves in the south . 
  a full third of the autonomous communities have an additional official language aside from spanish . 
  comparing ceuta to huesca or the canaries to navarra just has nothing that can compare in the us . 
  even hawai'i is a lot more homogenous due to the massive amount of inter-regional migration in the us ( not a bad thing , but a thing ), 
  it depends on the country . 
  i 'm from the us so i am intimately familiar with the variation , but there is more variation within spain here than there is between pretty much any two us states . 
  never mind the variation between the countries . 
  i learned through this thread what an arroba is , so there 's that . 
  ( not native though ), 
  wow ... that was stupid, 
  also amusing as getting to germany is especially difficult this week due to the lufthansa strike . 
  well not april fools because it 's not in april but there is something similar on ~ ~ 27 ~ ~ 28 december called * d\u00eda de los inocentes * with practical jokes and all that . 
  basically , but just doing nothing i can make money at a reasonable return . 
  there is little incentive to invest in the wider economy . 
  it 's pretty equal through galicia but i understand the border with castille . 
  the population in that area tends to be very centralized wheras it 's much more distributed through northern portugal . 
  my job is in the suburbs and it makes sense to live in the city to be near family and for my wife 's job . 
  i live on the same train line so i rather enjoy my hour of watching tv on the ipad or reading or whatever else . 
  i do drive sometimes if i need to be somewhere or scheduling can be tight . 
  fair enough , we are a single income household as it is , so a lot of that does n't necessarily apply . 
   yes , you will get money for raising children , but it 's not that much and either one parent have to stop working or you have to pay for daycare . 
  living near my mother-in-law is amazing . 
  free care when we will need it . 
  i randomly see amazing meals to take to work show up in the refrigerator . 
  i also seem to see things kind of the other way as most people . 
  i know i want kid ( s ) and honestly , it 's going to be hard for a couple years no matter what . 
  i 'd rather do that while i 'm as young as possible and have more energy to expend on mini people . 
  also , i would rather enjoy the years without a child at home in my 50s and 60s when we will actually have a reasonable amount of money to spend on that sort of thing . 
  i really do n't partake in the party scene and that seems to be what most people are talking about when `` enjoying youth '' . 
  as far as travel goes , it may have to be limited for a bit , but it seems to be something i appreciate more with age and more money so i 'd rather just wait . 
  i do n't do mountain climbing and the only strenuous sport i practice is skiing , which can easily be done with a few years on me . 
  basically , the time to raise kids has to happen at some point , i 'd rather do it as early as possible and enjoy being older a bit more . 
  that said , i married young and have been fairly focused on getting my career started while a lot of people were out `` finding themselves '' . 
  right , but here at least it is a legal requirement to have a government id and to be able to identify yourself . 
  we have a very competetive and generally expansive bus system . 
  i am in madrid so i ca n't really comment on how it is outside of the central hub . 
  it can get rather crowded at the bus station . 
  i personally avoid the bus due to generally killing my knees unless i get a nicer seat . 
  my personal order of preferance is plane , train , car , bus so i very rarely use anything other than the city buses . 
  you do n't need an id in the uk in general, 
  it 's sad we have a mostly complete plant just sitting around doing nothing in the basque country . 
  this is true . 
  the us is a huge exporter of distillates because of the massive refining capacity . 
  if that were true ... why invade ? 
  the whole world would treat a referrendum and transfer to russia with a big huff of `` meh '' . 
  even ukraine would have pretty much no choice and would probably even be beneficial by shifting the voting balance to more western friendly regions . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  we wo n't have our supply threatened but the price will go through the roof because algeria can then just sell to the countries that are willing to pay more . 
  gas and gasoline are the most fungible hydrocarbon products . 
  i think the best move for everyone is for the ukranians in crimea to let themselves be arrested at the ultimatum time and become prisoners . 
  russia really seems to be trying to provoke the first shot out of all of this from the ukranian side . 
  either way he is basically assuring a future nato member in the ukraine all up in their proverbial grill . 
  correct , the correct word should have been wealth . 
  ~ ~ bbc now reports it 's `` russian military '' quite prominently . ~ ~ it 's a very bold claim and given the chaos and militias that have been happening , i understand the need to be 100 % sure for a claim like that . 
  edit : they backtracked quite a bit, 
   and a home to even more ukrainians . 
  i thought it was like 60 % russian with the rest about even between ukranian and tartar . 
  i mean , it was russia until 1954 . 
  go to chicago on any weekend and it 's filled with kids just finishing their navy training . 
  but that 's assuming transport is the only cost . 
  have fewer facilities with fixed costs . 
  you can use fewer maintenance people as all your machines will now be in the same place . 
  more controlled management with more centralization . 
  much more focused qa/qc goals . 
  it 's very possible that a part of the budget will go up while many more parts will go down . 
  it 's probably significantly more efficient in the long run to increase capacity at existing facilities . 
  mortgages . 
  the whole non-recourse thing seems so obvious but european banks just do n't follow it . 
  i do n't get how they can take a house back , but you are still forced to pay for the house that you no longer have . 
  this is a huge reason why the us recovered faster from the crisis . 
  the op said americans/aussies/canucks have some sort of special status . 
  i never said it was comparable ( been through it personally both ways ) just that there is absolutely no special status . 
  apparently a few specific cases , but where does the us passport give you an advantage that any other would n't ? 
  i hold only us citizenship . 
  you are so very , very wrong . 
  i have the same rights to immigration as , say , someone from morocco and much less here than someone from many south american countries . 
  what visas/citizenships do you have ? 
  you ca n't `` just move to europe '' at least legally . 
  it 's a real pain to get the paperwork and actual work permits , at least here . 
  to clarify with a bit of math . 
  we have a limited capability for accelerating particles . 
  so as acceleration in a circle is equal to velocity ^ 2 / radius , by keeping the acceleration constant , an increase in the radius will increase the velocity . 
  since energy is also related to the velocity ^ 2 , doubling the radius doubles the energy ( or it may actually be 4 times because the collision will have velocities from the other direction as well ... not too sure ), 
  4 parts . 
  the capital part is one of the most important to switzerland . 
  imagine all the transport investments without schengen , though . 
  and i think freedom of capital is pretty important to the swiss . 
  you still like the good weather even after a lifetime of it . 
  it 's actually not so bad if you do n't go to the whole alicante coast or costa del sol . 
  try almer\u00eda or some of the smaller towns just south of valencia . 
  baleares are very nice as well if you stay away from the main cities . 
  i actually enjoy ibiza for it 's tranquility since all the party people generally stay between two cities and do n't venture away . 
  it 's really amusing to hear the regional accents . 
  poor kids speak english from manchester and spanish from andaluc\u00eda .
