  it 's fairly standard to not count students as they are considered `` active '' . 
  trying to count underemployment is a valid concern , but it 's just not what this is measuring at all . 
  it 's actually improving . 
  if things keep up more or less how they are it will be below 20 in either the next quarter or the one after . 
  is n't it at something like 50 employees or something where companies have lots of advantages for operating ? 
  so you see lots of 49 person companies with no incentive to grow . 
  i actually like how spain does it . 
  basically you are guaranteed 5 years of rent control indexed to either the cost of housing or whatever else you agree to . 
  after that time , they are free to not renew the contract or renegotiate for a higher price that may reflect new market values or whatever . 
  and people come and go at random it allows for a pretty good idea of what the market price is . 
  san francisco is far worse . 
  it 's not as common but it can certainly be found . 
  it 's a little beyond the borders but you can even make it to the [ corn palace ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corn_palace ), 
  are you interested in cultivation of feed corn and sweet corn for people or do you just prefer one variety ? 
  hah , i came to spain after university from the us and never looked back . 
  definitely thought it was ourselves . 
  mostly because of how fitting that is . 
  i 'm definitely not the guardian 's demographic , but it 's the internet . 
  most comments will be shit . 
  it seems like the fundamental issue is that people see the migrant crisis as true `` crisis '' for either the migrants of the countries receiving them and think that the other side can just learn to handle it . 
  in reality it really is a massive crisis for everyone involved and while i think the current policy is lunacy , i have never once blamed people migrating . 
  i would do the same exact thing in their shoes and they are just reacting to the obvious incentives . 
  yeah , but that sign on the cibeles castle just looks cheaply done on such a classic building . 
  yeah , us pre-clearance is great . 
  not the least of which is i 'm in a much better mood before a flight than having to deal with bureaucratic bullshit while tired and annoyed after a flight as well . 
  there 's talk of doing it in madrid as well , i 'm not sure how as the us flights are split between two terminals at the moment , but i 'm sure they could make it work easy enough with all of our spare capacity . 
  well , it was more in the 80 's and 90 's but yes . 
  that recently . 
  it 's still pretty normal to see signs in polish in a few neighborhoods in chicago . 
  and a huge amount of them migrate to mexico in stead of the us . 
  lower risk , growing economy , and no language issues . 
  chicago certainly did . 
  depends on the job . 
  you generally lose a lot of flexibility with that sort of thing and if you need to change then suddenly you 've pretty much lost all savings . 
  but if you know you need to be at x meeting in 2 weeks just for a day , it can work well . 
  that said , i do n't know many businesses that can have their schedule that firm that far in advance . 
  i personally do n't know if i need to go to muscat/lima/or just stay home in the next few weeks . 
  you can do mobile boarding pass if you are an eu citizen now . 
  of course it 's a pain for me as a non-citizen because i still need to go to the annoying visa check no matter what . 
  like when people say it adds to the `` bottom line '' when they really mean `` top line '' . 
  ceuta and melilla are eu and schengen but not customs union for another weird example . 
  ( so yes , you technically have to declare customs on a domestic flight ), 
  you would need a visa to actually reside somewhere else . 
  that 's not to catch anyone but if someone is found out , it means they can be kicked out of the country easily for lying on immigration forms compared to a lengthy court case . 
  there 's a lot to clean up , but it 's worth remembering that when you hear about corruption , that means things are improving . 
  it 's when it 's not making news that it 's an even bigger problem . 
  eh , the iranians are in dire need of civil aviation hardware . 
  i mean , it 's a lot of investment but they really , really need it . 
  it 's what happens when you go so long without being able to buy . 
  already at 2 orders so far for january . 
  though not entirely sure where the ana ones are coming from , could be secondary market . 
  i have been very critical of how greece handled their financial situation but they really should be getting funds from the rest of the eu to help deal with this shit . 
  it 's a crisis that affects the whole union . 
  yes , having to spend money on this themselves is really shitty and does contribute to their deficit in stupid ways . 
  they 're ordering 8 a380s , which is a pretty big deal . 
   ompletely out of sync lip movement , mistranslated jokes , voices very far removed from the pitch and tone of the original ... 
  it 's awful do n't forget there are n't that many voice actors so it 's always the same voices . 
  especially when you watch the lower budget tv shows . 
  vos movies are getting to be much more common . 
  at least in madrid/barcelona . 
  but yeah , get out of those areas and it becomes much harder . 
  yay , we 're not the weird one anymore !, 
  ( it used to be 13 here ), 
  i 've always mixed up palencia and plasencia . 
  my family lives in le\u00f3n , too so i should know . 
  he 'd be stupid to do it without getting something in return . 
  that 's a pretty big concession in a negotiation . 
  it 's kind of weird the free pass i get as an immigrant as far as actually liking spain goes . 
  but seriously , the vast majority of people that bitch about how things are here are the same people that have never lived abroad and those that have know that life is pretty good despite the issues . 
  i 'm convinced soraya will end up in charge . 
  either way this will go on for awhile . 
  not saying i like it , just what i think will happen . 
  you do n't get a choice so long as you are a part of european convention of human rights . 
  and no , that has nothing to do with the eu ( except for being a requirement for membership ) . 
  and good luck selling repealing a human rights bill that even russia has implemented . 
  i mean there are some instances when the state pays for your rights ( see lawyers , doctors ) and other cases where they function by not denying you the right to something ( see right to free travel , right to free speech ) . 
  just because you have the right to travel freely in the eu does n't mean they 've got to pay for your ticket just as you have the right to free speech does n't mean they get to pay for your printing press . 
  this is clearly the latter case and the uk is actually pretty fucking terrible when it comes to family reunification visas . 
  the point being , yes you should have the right to be able to live near your family if you so desire . 
  and family in these circumstances is usually defined as immediate family ( parents , children , spouse , siblings ) . 
  often this leads to a long chain of in-laws but that 's kind of the price you pay . 
  it has `` europe '' in it 's name right there . 
  of course it 's the eu . 
  serious edit : the article talks about echr and then immediately segues into brussels and eu rules without actually making a clear distinction about the structure of anything while the whole dublin regulation mess is only kind of tangentially related in that it deals with migration problems and calais but is a completely separate deal . 
  and frankly i kind of get the point of saying if you do n't want to accept the burden everyone has to have , that 's fine but you do n't get the protections either . 
  i kind of gave up on the article as it is completely conflating two separate issues and basically declaring echr part of the eu . 
  both \u00e7 and grave accent are used in catalan . 
  i just like ' because it helps in writing english . 
  though it 's true that i generally do n't use the \u00bf before a question mostly out of laziness . 
  right , and they continue to funnel money there , but at some point it gets to be big enough that they do n't need the oil anymore and can just use their massive amounts of money to make more money to pay for things without actually having to do anything except manage the fund . 
  i 'm considered fairly well off around here , and that 's like 50 % more than i make . 
  if you are talking after taxes , well then ... wow . 
  oil prices are volatile . 
  [ here 's a 10 year chart . 
  ] ( http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/crude-oil-brent.aspx?timeframe=10y ) so you should probably plan on using your oil money to finance capital intensive projects that have already been planned and are ready to execute rather than a structural part of the budget to subsidize other parts of the economy . 
  the use of asturian/extremaduran/aragonese is often vastly overstated on these maps . 
  the occitan part is actually aranese ( which is basically a variety of it ), 
  galician is basically portuguese but without a lot of the crazy , inhuman sounds portuguese has , so it 's actually kind of mutually intelligible with spanish . 
  much more so than catalan , for example . 
  food already goes by plane quite efficiently .
