  seriously , just let the fuel reflect its natural price ( diesel is more expensive to make ) and i bet you 'd see a ton more petrol engines . 
  what do you mean by `` pollution '' ? 
  yeah , bunker fuel is terrible for nox and particulates , but those are local issues and do n't have a huge global impact so it does n't matter if they are out in the middle of the ocean . 
  if you 're that worried about being able to pay for food or rent , you 're not middle class . 
  ( or you 're just really bad with money ), 
  also , methane 's half life is only a couple of years while co2 is around 60 . 
  so you can fix ch4 emissions relatively quickly while co2 is stuck there . 
  it 's not about the existence of quotas but the allocation of them . 
  according to eu law , the uk government ca n't favor uk fishermen when allocating the quotas . 
  it 's long been obvious that fishermen generally lose out from the eu , but the thing is ... the uk is not a fishing based economy by any means and , economically speaking , their needs are frankly a lot less important than the needs of much larger industries . 
  rajoy did n't but margallo did . 
  nuance is hard . 
  the part where westminster has to give their blessing is the important part . 
  spain is against unilateral declarations of independence . 
  hence why all of the former yugoslav states are recognized except kosovo which is not . 
  if you look at the stages of grief , there 's a lot of posts in all of them . 
  some straight up denial , like then . 
  lots of anger . 
  plenty of bargaining , not to mention depression . 
  and lots of people really have accepted the result , too . 
  spain has never once opposed scottish membership . 
  the stance is that an independent scotland will be welcome if the independence has the blessing of westminster and they will have to negotiate as an independent country . 
  as it stands , they are a sub-national region that has no authority to negotiate foreign policy . 
  to top it off , there is a very recent democratic mandate to make that so which has n't changed . 
  this is in line with the spanish government 's lines on catalonia which is basically governments can only act based on the established rules set up . 
  allowing a government to act outside of its legal framework because it 's convenient is a much more dangerous precedent . 
  portugal 's not on the mediterranean . 
  hell , even the deniers do n't really deny the killings , they deny the term genocide . 
  for the turks , it 's mostly because it would have legal consequences as far as reparations go . 
  if you told me that i 'd have to pay a significant amount of money if i admitted the sky was blue , i 'd say it was orange all day long until proven otherwise . 
  also , the uk was one of the biggest voices against fixing a lot of the problems by integration . 
  having germany/france/italy / netherlands ( and spain once we finally get a real government ) as the main players is a good mix of needs but also for further integration . 
  hopefully this means banking union sooner rather than later . 
   if current trends continue ( 2010-2016 ) then they can be a majority before the end of this decade . 
  moving an organization of that size is not a fast thing . 
  since we know it 's going to be happening , it 's best to just get on with it . 
  no special treatment does not mean they would be rejected . 
  it 's just going to have to change a lot of the positions from its current form . 
  it 's not going to be dead , but it will have to be rewritten and go through even more rounds of negotiation . 
  the current plan was to finish negotiation in a couple years , but it will probably go on longer now . 
  that 's saying that a non-independent scotland has no authority to be negotiating international treaties . 
  which is true . 
  there is nothing at all mentioning any position in the slightest about an independent scotland . 
  the position in 2014 was that scotland would be welcome to join the eu as an independent country so long as the split was agreed with westminster . 
  again , nothing at all like you said . 
   i said pm rajoy came out against an independent scotland joining the eu . 
  this is just not true . 
  he said nothing of the sort . 
  yeah , but what skilled worker will want to move somewhere knowing they may not have the right to stay in the medium term ? 
  salaries are lower but have you compared the price of housing ? 
  the purchasing power is based on `` average salaries '' which is pretty irrelevant . 
  basically a 20 % pay cut would only be a very slight reduction in standard of living and germany is a `` cheap '' country . 
  basically not enough on both counts . 
  and there 's also a large part of the `` unemployed '' that are working illegally for cash . 
  the unemployment system is set up to basically discourage you from taking a low income job if you had a high income . 
  you just stop getting all the unemployment money as soon as you are employed . 
  problem is mexico is growing very well and argentina is starting to well again , too so there is less pressure to leave . 
  we 're still getting tons of venezuelans coming in , though . 
  a little bit of both . 
  i 'm not involved in trade , but i have been a follower of trade agreements for years . 
  they are n't quick things . 
  [ cost of living is noticeably lower . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=germany&amp;country2=spain&amp;city1=munich&amp;city2=madrid&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison ) and considering most go the uk , it 's even more pronounced . 
  there is a huge range depending on specific positions . 
  i would say an average high-skilled position with 7-10 years of experience is probably 40k-50k $ keep in mind that cost of living is pretty low here . 
  i know plenty of people that studied history or politics and at this point , i do n't know anyone that graduated and does n't have a job . 
  maybe a shitty job , but it 's a job and a lot better than it was in 2010-2012 . 
  yeah , last year was the highest emigration year since the crisis . 
  i think brexit actually helps us here because it will limit brain drain since the vast majority go to the uk because of english . 
  ireland and scotland just ca n't support that number of people coming in . 
  years ago , employees used to stay with companies for a long time . 
  i do n't blame employees or companies , i just think loyalty to a company is an overrated virtue . 
  for both the employee and employer . 
  the problem is n't finding seasonal workers on shit contracts . 
  those are easy and plentiful . 
  the issue is that there just are n't enough people with enough skills for the good indefinite contracts . 
  people that emigrated are really reluctant to come back . 
  especially because there 's a lot of sticker shock for the lower salaries , even if it is compensated in a significant amount by lower cost of living . 
  in general , very difficult to find work without spanish here . 
  if you are fairly high level and very skilled ( i.e. 
  not just working as a technical line engineer or something ) you may be able to . 
  i think it 's more common in it , but still rough . 
  that said , even just mediocre spanish is usually enough , especially if you have perfect english . 
  i see it first hand all the time in engineering and it . 
  so who is this likely to benefit ? 
  i find this article to be generally true . 
  finding skilled workers is crazy hard . 
  my wife is in it recruiting and there just are n't candidates . 
  there is an increasing gap of those with education and those without one and a big part of the construction bubble was people dropping out of school to pursue unskilled work . 
  there 's now a huge portion of spanish workers that are low skilled and are just going to get left behind and what to do about that is the biggest question of the time . 
  oh man ... his idea of being optimistic :(, 
  it 's only on the left channel if you can somehow duplicate mono, 
  i do n't think it will take that long because the eu-uk deal will obviously be the top priority for uk 's foreign trade policy and it will be pretty important to the eu as well . 
  so they will be willing to throw extra resources at getting it done quicker . 
  even so , i would think 3 years at a minimum . 
  a lot of the overseas territories are n't actually under england , but under the crown which will still exist . 
  the channel islands and isle of man will probably lose their eu citizenship and that 's that . 
  i have n't heard much in the way of republicanism in the scottish debate either , as it will likely maintain the monarch as its head of state ( and would just needlessly complicate the independence issue for not much gain ) . 
  gibraltar desperately wants to stay part of the eu and really does n't want to be part of spain so there is talks of transferring it to being a dependence of scotland . 
  though it seems hard to imagine some way that it maintains eu status continuously .
