  both brexit and us election were considered within margins of error . 
  remainers were very arrogant throughout the brexit campaign and resting on polling at 51-52 % in an in/out referendum is really not good . 
  hell even the 2015 uk general election was pretty close if you look at percentages . 
  it 's just fptp can make small changes really , really amplified . 
   the quality of telesur . 
  yup , nothing like using the venezuelan state tv channel for being sure to be unbiased . 
   yes , the oligarchs are to blame , but first putin . 
  he is believed to be by far the richest man on earth iirc , he 's top 10 but not on top . 
  his personal wealth was estimated at around 40 billion usd not that it really matters in practical terms when you are at that level . 
  and that 's if you count medvedev as separate from putin when it was clear who was still actually running things . 
    the grabbing of crimea and donbass to prevent or punish the ukraine 's westwards turn , does n't deviate from the 1990 secession of transnistria from moldova , to prevent a unification with romania . 
  to the point that some of the same commanders like igor girkin participated in both . 
  also that nato wo n't accept members with territorial disputes . 
  hell , i think there actually was a legitimate argument for a real , agreed upon referendum in crimea that would have likely led to it becoming russian in a recognized sense . 
  but , that would mean there 's no territorial dispute with ukraine and make them more likely to join nato . 
  this way it 's the same result for the russians , but the opponents are weaker . 
  i hope the euro goes up after this . 
  mostly because it would work out really well for me traveling to the us next week . 
  i mean , the problem is ` right ' has come to mean globalist in the last few decades and it 's more a globalism vs nationalism idea, 
  le pen is very pro welfare and both m\u00e9lanchon and le pen are also fuck you to the establishment . 
  i mean , i am a liberal so really like macron , but he 's definitely establishment economics , even if it 's a regeneration of the french political party system . 
  ( a very good thing in my mind , but clearly not everyone agrees with me ), 
  macron !, 
  let 's go liberals !, 
  it was going to be valls but he was too close to hollande who is hated . 
  thanks, 
  what time does voting end ? 
  i mean i love almer\u00eda but yeah ... it 's not `` nice '' . 
  but it is pretty photogenic . 
  same with m\u00e1laga, 
  i mean , i love the country , that 's why i stayed here and fully integrated ... but english is not a strong point . 
  the head of international business development at my company clearly has a hard time with conversational english . 
  it 's insane . 
  but you know ... really helps to make sure i 'm employable , so there 's that . 
  the most photogenic cities on the southern coast are c\u00e1diz , m\u00e1laga and almer\u00eda . 
  so probably one of those, 
  yeah , i wish they would put the shade things in the summer like on preciados or arenal . 
  i worked at a coal plant in the us and we could go 80 days or something without a delivery , but i think that was particularly high . 
  but yeah , all coal plants need a coal yard because trains can break down or whatever , you ca n't run something like that on just in time logistics . 
  hah ... welcome to spain . 
  let 's get a pm that speaks english before we start worrying about mayors . 
  the memorable steps are the ones to calle toledo ... which is the street from the top that goes to the top left of the photo . 
  the straight street to the bottom right is calle mayor , so mercado de san miguel is just to the right in the photo . 
  this vantage is basically looking west . 
  the weird thing is , everyone in spain thought it was cringey because she used the words `` caf\u00e9 con leche '' without translating , which is not an issue at all . 
  in fact , in english i only ever hear it as caff\u00e9 latte , caf\u00e9 au lait , or caf\u00e9 con leche . 
  the cringey part was n't even the poor accent , it was the whole speech where she spoke like she was reading a story to five year olds . 
  a huge amount of britons have no idea how the legal structures for the various vestiges of the empire work . 
  i mean , i love geographical curiosities so i dive into it a lot and there are tons of weird islands with legal quirks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories_citizen right ... they are british citizens but not european citizens . 
  not all british citizens are equal in that regard . 
  it 's complicated . 
  i think the biggest uncertainty is actually macron since there 's no historical data to go with to count `` shy '' voters or people who may not vote in the end . 
  i think the events of last night will stabilize her . 
  worth remembering the jihadis want le pen . 
  they are after a grand war of civilizations so they are happy about extremists winning . 
  i do n't think he 'd shift all that much , he 'd just make the vote about social issues rather than arguing areas where they largely agree and to help motivate the left voters . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ), 
  ahh ... now we get really pedantic . 
  if you mean eu passport for european passport , bot citizens ( with the exception of gibraltar ) have british passports but not european passports since they are n't eu citizens . 
  what you say is true , but it still does n't lend any legitimacy to argentina 's claim . 
  i also think spain is wrong for the claim on all of gibraltar ( but the issue of the isthmus and them being shitty neighbors in general is still a real thing ) and their tax haven status does n't actually bother me since at some point some people eventually have to physically go to those places and that 's hard enough to make it ( you have to get on an raf supply plane ) not really a problem when you have other ones much closer to home . 
  ( isle of man , jersey , guernsey , gibraltar , etc. . . ), 
  i do n't know if i commented , but i was just confused . 
  it just did n't feel like an islamist attack to me . 
  like if jihadis go through the trouble of actually making a bomb , they do n't do it on the outside of a bus , the want to inflict fear so they would do it in the middle of a crowded city bus or something . 
  it just did n't fit their mo to me . 
  not that i imagined it was an attempt at fixing an options trade . 
  it 's all really weird . 
  the whole capital gains vs income thing is pretty well established in gaap . 
  if you tax the capital gains , then yes ... you would absolutely tax that sort of arrangement . 
  if you do n't and make it just income , suddenly everyone will start making a lot more in stock . 
  the thing with china is n't just cheap labourers , they also have fairly cheap educated people to actually run the factories . 
  bangladesh will be next as the people running the textile plants are learning how to manage manufacturing processes and will branch out to more complicated ones and the cycle will repeat . 
  it appears to be starting fairly big in ethiopia in africa now , too . 
  welcome to being a us citizen . 
  i mean considering they get counted for all the companies in la d\u00e9fense , i would n't be surprised . 
  not that it means all that much for distribution . 
  worst . 
  ever . 
  it 's just not a religious thing in the us . 
  it just got to be really popular for awhile . 
  the rate is going down now , though . 
  the vast majority of males are circumcised in the us . 
  particular those born from the 50s to the 90s or so . 
  the rate is going down now , but yeah ... it 's a thing . 
  well ... `` normal '' is generally what everyone else has . 
  i am against it , but i 'm just saying that is seriously a reason that they do n't want their kids to be different . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a * good * reason , just one that is often used . 
  hell , in the us it 's almost a `` tradition '' thing at this point and being cut is considered normal . 
  weirdly , it 's one of the things i most dislike about being from there ( though i rarely mention it , since i 'm not about to start talking about my dick in normal conversations ) . 
  my family is catholic , so it 's not a religious thing at all . 
  though apparently the rates have gone way down in recent years so maybe there 's hope for the next generation . 
  in the us parents want their kids to look `` normal '' . 
  basically yeah . 
  the reality is not all countries are equal and the most powerful countries when it was established 70 years ago are still the most powerful countries . 
  ( germany would be close based on economic might , but has no interest in global projection while the permanent members absolutely do ), 
  russia will not actively meddle in a nato country . 
  at least not like in ukraine/georgia/moldova .
