  iirc , it 's alcohol , depression/darkness and relatively freer access to firearms . 
  your country has extraordinarily natural beauty . 
  it also manages to make me feel so poor i feel like a rich man once i 'm back home . 
  yeah , i came here for a 9 month program . 
  that was 5 years ago and i 'm staying forever . 
  and those desserts !, 
  i always thought it would be the most natural fit . 
  this would be a pretty liberal coalition . 
  for as much as psoe talks about being leftists , they are pretty big on free markets . 
  very center-left . 
  a c 's - psoe coalition would basically be very moderate on economics and a social agenda that would be fairly liberal with things that do n't cost money . 
  undoing the protest law , c 's wants to legalize prostitution and marijuana . 
  it would be a lot more tense for actual social subsidies though there is probably some common ground there as well . 
  it would also probably mean the pp employment reforms do n't go anywhere because psoe wants to undo them and c 's wants to tweak them in the liberal direction . 
  but yeah , i do n't know where they 'd get the seats . 
  i think if polls show a surge for podemos going into the next election , pp might abstain just to allow a government to form because they are that afraid of them . 
  that said , the problem with leftist movements tends to be unity and they have basically already lost the catalonia wing as part of their party since they are forming an independent , though allied party . 
  c 's grew very centralized and focused and podemos grew by incorporating other groups and decentralizing . 
  now that it 's time to negotiate , it seems like nobody is willing to give up their favored priority as part of a pact . 
  the biggest issue is probably that the catalan group insists on a referendum but they just wo n't be able to enter into a pact with anyone with that demand in tact . 
  saudi arabia is also investing massively is some absolutely huge refineries to be able to export more valuable refined products rather than only crude . 
  the downstream market is kind of crazy right now with projects being either really small with the objective of running efficiently or really massive like the arabian ones . 
  yeah , but if you want eur and the people you are selling to have eur , why would you overcomplicate it ? 
  lowers transaction costs , too . 
  they are n't idiots , it 's just that the open market price is in dollars , so of course it will go with the exchange rate . 
  they have decided they would rather hold euros as foreign reserves . 
  it 's a strategic decision and considering how the us has been regarding sanctions and that the next president will almost certainly be more hostile , does n't seem like an unreasonable one . 
  cespa exists . 
  they are just a trash collection company . 
  i 'm not a varoufakis fan by any means , but he was apparently prepared to ditch the euro but was crippled by tsipras . 
  would n't that just place it in a different environment ? 
  eh , you do n't have to understand , you just have to accept . 
  similar things happen in spanish . 
  why is it `` so\u00f1ar con ... '' but `` pensar en ... '' . 
  a dream is just a thought , after all . 
  smart, 
  iirc , that was in 2011 or so . 
  i am going completely off of memory but was n't it the same revision where they decided este was the same as \u00e9ste ? 
  i 'm a native english speaker and let me just say , it 's just kind of how it is . 
  use of preposition on/in/at can really confusing to spanish speakers . 
  i 'm not even going to go into the mess that is phrasal verbs ( something you just never think about ) okay so `` on '' means on top of something , so why is a program `` on tv '' or you 're `` on the train '' while you 're `` in the car '' ? 
  why are you ` at ' the park but ` in ' the city ? 
  at the end of the day there are guidelines but trying to make hard and fast rules will generally lead you astray with languages . 
  there are exceptions of course ( always using a subject in english , for example ) but you just kind of have to accept it and practice a lot . 
  my family lives in a very small town in le\u00f3n and man ... it 's like the same language with completely different vocabulary . 
  i mean , i kind of get that the rae has a thing for purism in the language , but at some point , you have to reflect how people actually use the language and it 's not always rational . 
  the short answer is ... it depends on exactly what the structure of a brexit is and that 's not entirely clear . 
  of course the us is the elephant in the room in the israel issue . 
  the monetary/military support and the support in the un security council is vital to them . 
  so it gets to the question of why is it that way in the first place . 
  and the answer is basically aipac . 
  and so why is aipac so important ? 
  the electoral college and the demographics of swing states . 
  also loads and loads of money that j street could never compete with . 
  i am a us citizen ( though not for too much longer ) , born and raised in the us . 
  florida , ohio , pennsylvania , colorado and michigan get a hell of a lot of pandering . 
  florida and ohio both have very sizable jewish populations . 
  it 's also why it has been so hard to be rational with cuba because the cubans in miami tend to be fairly reactionary . 
  obama would have never dared risk florida by doing that in his first term . 
  also why the aipac money is so important in some democratic strongholds like , new york , new jersey , and california . 
  i 'm actually fairly right wing as well and generally pro-israel . 
  i do n't deny the situation is a complete fucking mess , that 's how it 's gone on for 50 years but those are basically the only two realistic ways out at this point . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  most of us live in places that have current borders due to conquest ( or should arabs still have rightful claim to my home in madrid ? ) . 
  israel is a legitimate country but the shit they pull with indefinite occupation is the issue . 
  either full annexation or allow an independent palestine needs to be what is the ultimate outcome and the israeli government will clearly not work to make that happen so long as they have the unequivocal support of the us . 
  all of this is , in the end , based on how the us elections work and that you basically have to pander to a few key states to win and one of those states is florida with a large number of old jewish people that will side with israel no matter what . 
  http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/02/04/inenglish/1454587199_049040.html follow-up in english . 
  guardia civil searched the plane and found nothing . 
  non-event , though clearly terrorism is a strong threat to both spain and saudi arabia . 
  what station only sells diesel ? 
  i mean , i guess i 've seen one or two for subsidized farm fuels , but those wo n't be going petrol in any case . 
  they have a larger percentage of diesel sales because of government policy . 
  regular petrol is taxed more so it 's noticeably more expensive than diesel despite the fact that diesel is more expensive to produce and costs more . 
  also , diesel motors tend to be taxed less for circulation taxes since physical engine size is a huge factor in that so a turbodiesel can generally get a lot more power from a relatively smaller size . 
  ( though petrol dominates the very small engines , but they are very not powerful ) . 
  if you had fairer vehicle taxing and allowed the fuel to go at the market rate , then it would probably look more like the us as far as petrol vs. diesel is concerned . 
  in the end , europe went with slightly better carbon emissions at the cost of much greater local pollution . 
  considering the population density of a lot of europe , that 's just crazy . 
  nope . 
  http://www.bicimad.com/index.php?s=tarifas it 's not even that i would worry about the money , but it 's the idea that i 'm not going to pay to get something i otherwise pay for anyway ( since i have a transport pass ), 
  generally they do not differentiate between those . 
  this is basically active versus not active . 
  it 's a pretty blunt measurement but it 's still a pretty important thing . 
  what you are after is measured , but this just is n't it . 
  [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/underemployment_and_potential_additional_labour_force_statistics ) is a eurostat publication on underemployement . 
  there is an annual fee as well . 
  it 's lower if you have a transport card but there is still a per-use fee . 
  it 's less than a bus or a metro ticket though so if you live in the center and are going to the center it can be worth it and the bikes have electric assist since the city is has lots of hills . 
  but i already have a transport card for work so using what i have already is the best option . 
  that 's definitely how the consultancy companies work . 
  it 's ridiculous that they are as prominent as they are simply to circumvent labor laws when that 's money that could be going to both the workers and helping the companies in the first place . 
  can you use them with a regular b license in france like you can here ? 
  this is a really good idea , the bicycle scheme here ( madrid ) just is n't practical because it costs money per rental and i already have a transport card and most places with stations are well covered with transport . 
  i would definitely use something like that though since it actually allows for significant time savings . 
  eurostat has set criteria that may not be the exact same as your national criteria . 
  that way the data are normalized across country . 
  ( so no , nobody 's country is gaming the system ), 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  this is the same measure as everywhere and not specific to romania .
