  they expand like crazy and their whole philosophy is to reinvest in the business . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty much right there with you . 
  for right now , i 'd say let 's concentrate on fixing military and banking/finance/monetary issues . 
  i do n't think the current situation is so fundamentally flawed that we need to throw everything out and start over . 
  yeah , but i ca n't imagine there 's much in the way of airbnbs in a huge part of madrid . 
  like it 'd be really strange for people to be renting out places in sanchinarrio or hortaleza which are quite far from the city center . 
  correct only the new treasury under the authority of the new finance minister . 
  it is of course all hypothetical right now . 
  the whole point is there 's a new treasury . 
  that would be crazy saying municipalities are no longer allowed to finance development projects . 
  those countries could still borrow on their own . 
  this is n't destroying anything that currently exists , just adding another level and maybe transferring some fiscal responsibilities . 
  it would n't be united . 
  current debt would stay as is and it would basically be a new pool of debt . 
  spain currently has debt from municipalities , regions , and the national government . 
  it 's really just another layer on top of that . 
   sadly , the people seem to like the actual system , since everytime some party proposes a serious change like the `` contrato unico '' similar to the model in denmark everyone and their mothers jumps to bite their neck . 
  it 's more that people are afraid of any change more than they dislike the current system . 
  but yeah but part of the idea of moving to protect workers rather than jobs is removing ridiculous protections on those jobs and that makes people lose their shit . 
  this is good . 
  also , we need a banking union . 
  if you 're not eating that much , you 're barely paying any more . 
  and we do n't use private insurance . 
  i do n't get why you 're mad about the dutch system not being a thing in spain or something . 
  i really honestly do n't understand . 
  well , when healthcare is paid by everyone it is an externality . 
  so yeah ... health effects are hugely important . 
  i actually do n't support a state run health system , but that 's probably one of my more extreme views here . 
  but regardless , it is what it is and yeah . 
  it 's like asking why you should have to pay more for cigarettes if you 're not getting lung cancer . 
  it 's to compensate for negative externalities while still using the market . 
  same reason i 'm for a general carbon tax rather than all the other crazy carbon reduction schemes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pigovian_tax it 's a pretty important idea in liberal economics . 
  the economic triangle of spain ( madrid , basque country , catalonia ) is pretty apparent here . 
  i could see it having a pretty big impact from people buying at supermarkets . 
  if you see a coke zero is cheaper than regular coke right next to it , that 's a powerful psychological thing . 
  but yes , i am curious to see how well it works . 
  i 'm an unashamed liberal and i think pigouvian taxes like this are a great solution rather than straight banning or other heavy handed tactics . 
  i remember seeing a report a couple weeks ago that we are just now discovering how to make concrete like the romans did that will last in seawater . 
  the fact is leftist activists tend to actively dislike accumulation of wealth in general . 
  madrid has had a lot of the same issues in general and carmena has finally started to mellow out about development . 
  but she was against the redevelopment with private money of the north part of madrid even though it 's not historical at all and is basically just tons of the identical blocks emblematic of the 60 's and 70 's urbanization in spain . 
  same reason the edificio de espa\u00f1a is probably going to have to be torn down because they are so adamant about `` protecting '' the history that nobody is doing any maintenance and the building just ca n't be redeveloped now . 
  she also prohibited a new plan for housing where the vicente calder\u00f3n is now , but atleti still moved so now we just have a useless stadium in the middle of a populated area rather than having that land be put to use and employ people . 
  it seems like it would be an obvious solution to hire more inspectors then since they will obviously generate more revenue than they cost . 
  i 'm honestly shocked that he 's not doing it right now . 
  summer is the best time for labor reforms . 
  students are generally not organized and unions have a lot of people on vacation so the opposition would be far less focused . 
  fall is about the worst time to do it because the labor groups are well rested after vacation and students are early in the term so have a lot more free time . 
   we use socialism interchangably with social democracy in europe this is going to vary a lot based on what side of the old iron curtain you find yourself . 
  his american accent is still ridiculous . 
  the pro-okupa activists tend to have messages about stopping removals , and while they do n't generally support breaking into occupied buildings , they actively support the people that do and often support breaking into buildings that are n't currently used , which makes renovations or fixing up areas that are run down much , much more difficult . 
  the thing is , i do n't get who would actually want to live in venice if not for the tourism element ? 
  i get it was historically important and the lagoon is a great natural defense . 
  but i do n't think many people are worried about how well fortified their homes are against invaders these days and it 's kind of really a pain in the ass to do anything there . 
   we love tourists . 
  we love that people from all over the world are interested in our culture and whatnot . 
  there are limits , though . 
   one of them is trashy tourism . 
  that is , groups of teenagers/young adults that come to barcelona to get shitfaced out of their minds and spend the night pissing on the streets , shouting , picking up fights and being absolute cunts . 
  this kind can altogether go fuck itself . 
  is that the logic for canceling the torre agbar hotel ? 
  because that would have been a 300 + $ per night hotel . 
  the issue is barcelona gets a lot of ` party tourists ' and they then go into a block filled with families and there 's a pretty understandable conflict there . 
  i 'd be upset if some drunken brits on holiday woke up my baby in the middle of the night because they have no sense of where they are . 
  but why is the city not enforcing officially licenced flats ? 
  the illegal ones are literally advertised online with a map they could just compare to . 
  seems easy enough to just fine people who do n't get official licenses . 
  it gets worse . 
  it 's a thing to literally just break into an apartment and then just live there since they ca n't evict you and basically steal all your stuff . 
  they 're called ` okupas ' . 
  barcelona 's mayor used to be an activist in favor of them . 
  \u266a mercadooona , mercadona \u266a, 
  so why is venezuela dead last for the rate at improving poverty in s. america ? 
  yes ... poverty did improve , it did n't improve nearly as fast as other countries in the region . 
  it 's hard to redistribute wealth when your policies lead to the destruction of wealth . 
  fwiw tfl is technically a private company that happens to be owned by the government . 
  the public private partnership model tends to work really well for infrastructure . 
  the chinese mafias here are insane . 
  they have a complete separate , underground banking system . 
  i have no qualms saying he was a dictator and raul is continuing the trend . 
  i do think he honestly thought he was doing it for everyone 's benefit . 
  that does n't make it good or right or anything else . 
  yup . 
  mostly because most of the same shit is regulated . 
  it 's not all that different , just that it 's regulated slightly differently or to a lesser degree . 
  but taking environmental regulations as an example , saying you are allowed x amount of emissions or 2x amount of emissions does n't really change the amount of documentation paperwork or compliance people you need . 
  also , there are often two layers of regulation of the federal government and the state government . 
  obviously the latter will vary a lot but the states can be very nit picky . 
  particularly with things like licensing requirements that are often used as protectionism within an industry . 
  the most common example seems to be that you often need a state-issued license to cut hair that comes after an expensive training course . 
  look , i 'm fairly right wing but i recognized castro really did fight for cuban people even if i think he was mistaken . 
  but so few people were even willing to recognize he was also a dictator and cuba has terrible political repression . 
  honestly , that 's what strikes me most about this and the same after castro 's death . 
  to lots of people , being left is much more important than being democratic . 
   the u.s has to be one of the freer markets available . 
  the problems are n't nearly as significant in denmark with high wages and low unemployment despite a literal fuckton of government interference . 
  honestly , from what i can tell , danish government interferes in business far less . 
  it just has a higher tax rate , but that 's just changing a value in an excel sheet as far as actually managing it is concerned . 
  it may change some cost/benefit calculations but in my experience us regulation is easily on par with w. europe as far as complexity goes , degree and effectiveness are different questions .
