  eurusd is still at 1.10 after all . 
  it was lower after the qe announcement . 
  so where the fuck are the banks going to get the cash to open as promised . 
  v man pretty much has 24 hours to deliver on his promise of banks opening on tuesday or you will start to see which side has spouted the lies . 
  and have it issued by wednesday when the banks will collapse ? 
  eu rules *, 
  do n't look at french territories that are in the eu then . 
  the third longest land border of eu/non-eu is france-brazil . 
  it was second after sweden-norway but croatia 's crazy border with bosnia got in there . 
  it 's also france 's longest land border in general . 
  i agree , it 's also probably the easiest realistic way to switch to a new currency . 
  i think they knew eu membership was going to be an issue , but basically removing the peg of greek euros to all the other euros gets rid of all the technical issues of currency change . 
  it also keeps all of their pie in the sky promises possible . 
  they would still be on the euro ( even though it 's not the same euro ) and they would n't have to leave europe voluntarily , europe would kick them out . 
  we need more grefixes . 
  same shit as argentina . 
  vulture funds will come in and buy up any remaining private debt after default and not accept anything but payment in full . 
  i enjoy the `` what-if '' of physically printing . 
  but i think they may actually go ahead with ordering the bank of greece to issue unauthorized unsecured loans to allow the banks to open . 
  that would essentially be the same thing but electronically . 
  they have a massive trade deficit though , and that shit has to be paid in regular old convertible currency ( let 's just say eur or usd for now ) . 
  i mean ... maybe it gives them enough time to get a real third bailout together . 
  not to mention it would be a massive violation of eu law to just go and change contracts a posteriori and those contracts explicitly state euros . 
  incidentally , this is one of the biggest problems of grexit and staying in the eu , everyone could just sue for what they are owed in euros . 
  yeah , i imagine ecb would exchange any notes printed prior to the mess , but i would n't want anything to do with in the first place . 
  but i 'm a devotee of / r/churning so i 'm all about as little cash as possible . 
   and even venezuela is not that bad , is it ? 
  pretty much anyone with an eu passport leaves if they can . 
  i work with quite a few since i 'm in energy in spain . 
  the stories that they bring are insane for how poorly managed that place is . 
  those that go back to visit will seriously take suitcases full of sugar and flour . 
  well yeah , but probabilities matter . 
  a 10 % probability being priced in is not the same as the 75 % + that we just hit . 
  after seeing a lot of opinions , i bet they may order bank of greece to issue unsecured loans to the banks in order to have enough operating capital to open . 
  this would be a massively provocative move . 
  i mentioned elsewhere that the euro is n't technically a single currency , but rather 19 separate currencies on a 1:1 peg . 
  so basically you kick greece out of sepa ( and possibly swift in this case , as it 's pretty extreme ) and do n't allow any transfers , effectively blocking them from access to the currency . 
  as was mentioned , notes are marked . 
  but physically printing is n't the way it would happen , but rather through bank of greece issuing unsecured loans to the banks to ensure their liquidity . 
  though it will be explained to the public as greece unilaterally printing ( which it essentially is ) . 
   similar arrangements with non-convertible currencies were common in communist and thirld world countries for a long time , and still exist . 
  yeah and the most prominent current example of that is venezuela . 
  i 'll be sure to bring some extra tp on a cheap holiday to corfu . 
  well ... ious are essentially what currency is . 
  so they want to do a parallel currency . 
  that 's very hard to accomplish on a technical level and you have to make sure that that parallel currency is n't convertible to euros or everyone will just do that . 
  there will be a black market for conversion , too . 
  also greece is n't nearly as much of electronic transfer based economy so they would have the challenge of having to physically print all this shit in a short period . 
  not to mention it does n't even touch the problem of bank capitalization which is the real mechanism by which a grexit would happen . 
  especially since cypriots probably have more greek notes than any other foreign notes that would instantly become worthless . 
  i have n't had to since they are n't common here and i use mostly card , but i am iffy about if i would accept a greek note at the moment because of this . 
  i really only use 20 's though since i like to use my card a lot so i just do n't care since i only get 5 's and 10 's and it 's not worth it to look like a crazy person . 
  just by the pure amount of liquidity needed , combined with the ineptness they have been doing everything else , i do n't see how they can be successful with this . 
  it will destroy greek banks even further . 
  i suppose , maybe it might be the technical `` temporary exit '' . 
  but it seems really bad as you have to make sure they are non-convertible to euros and maintain the capital controls , probably even stricter . 
  it seems like a massive gamble at best . 
  as i understand it ( which may not be all that much as it 's incredibly complicated ) eur is n't technically a single currency but rather 19 individual currencies set at a 1:1 peg . 
  ecb works by giving instructions to the national banks that are the action part of the central banking function while the ecb is the brain . 
  essentially it would force ecb 's hand to break the peg for greek euros which is effectively putting them on a new currency . 
  it would also put a lot of bad will between them an other ez countries ... especially cyprus who they will need very badly to veto an eu expulsion vote at that point . 
  edit : will gladly accept technical corrections as it would n't be europe if it were n't needlessly complicated . 
  maybe not printed notes , but unsecured euro loans from the bank of greece to support liquidity in the banks may happen this week . 
  that may be how he could promise the banks would open . 
  bank of greece can issued unsecured euro loans . 
  but now we are really getting into the technical weeds of the euro . 
  it gets into how it 's not technically 1 currency but 19 currencies at a 1:1 peg . 
  either way , it would essentially either be allowing the greeks to debase the currency or allow the removal of the peg for greek euros . 
  any greek euro notes would instantly become worthless ( look for the serial number starting in ` y ' ) outside of greece and it is tantamount to an act of economic war . 
  it 's a very serious thing to do . 
  edit : will gladly accept technical corrections as it would n't be europe if it were n't needlessly complicated . 
  they probably will slightly in the short term . 
  but i honestly do n't see any issue . 
  believe me that as soon as there are any doubts about long term viability , i will be the first to be on a plane to frankfurt to set up an account to transfer to . 
  but it 's just not a worry right now . 
  we are both really strong in exports so greece fucking up the euro is great news for local production , honestly . 
  eurusd is at 1.10 in current trading even after the vote . 
  it seems grexit is pretty much priced in . 
  it may be the only way to legally leave the ez , though . 
  it 's all pretty untested , so i suppose we 'll find out . 
  italy has a large debt , but they also have a massive economic engine . 
  they export a ton of stuff and the south is a drag , but the north is easily as competitive as germany . 
  iceland has an independent monetary policy . 
  do you honestly not realize the trouble your banks are in ? 
  there is n't time . 
  it would have been possible a bit ago , but tsipras did n't talk about a 3rd bailout until it was already too late . 
  anything now has to go through all the national parliaments , and that wo n't be fast . 
  it certainly ca n't be agreed on by the 20 july payment . 
  all of that said , it 's doubtful the banks will last until then even if the limit is lowered to 20 $ per day . 
  i 'm all for your ideals , but the execution has been so terrible that it does n't matter because once the banks go , there 's pretty much no other choice . 
  say oxi to math !, 
  iglesias was on stage with tsipras at their victory . 
  i think it 's more that it 's a sunday with no football . 
  yeah . 
  any euros with a serial starting with y are from the bank of greece . 
  also italy and spain have each given more than the imf . 
  something else to remember . 
  we are major creditors . 
  varoufakis explicitly stated that banks would open tuesday . 
  that will probably be the first point when people realize they were straight up lied to .
