  the afternoon was the meeting of financial ministers that has convened an emergency meeting specifically to hear the new proposals . 
  in fairness there was apparently an oral presentation , but the fact that they do n't have a written proposal to review on their flights home is staggering . 
  that discussion will be begun like crazy . 
  there is no bailout to monitor . 
  it expired . 
  i do n't think ecb is that lenient , they just want nothing to do with this mess . 
  and imf is out thanks to the wonderful greek strategy of `` let 's not pay those guys '', 
  yeah , but the imf is basically not involved anymore , though . 
  they ca n't be since greece is behind on payments to them . 
  so uhh ... missing that payment alienated the only advocate they had . 
  this just beggars belief . 
  i 'm really trying to keep it with reputable sources . 
  i did n't post on the first guardian rumour , but when a paper like the guardian ( whatever you feel about their opinions , they are n't a tabloid ) is citing multiple sources , i 'll run with it . 
  reuters is generally my source for hard facts . 
   nstead , it will be submitted to greece 's three bailout monitors -- the european commission , european central bank and international monetary fund -- for evaluation before another eurogroup is called . 
  imf is out of anything involved . 
  they are behind in payments to the imf so are they really honestly hoping for more money from someone with whom they are currently in ~ ~ default ~ ~ arrears ? 
  the red lines are specifically the pension issues and the vat exceptions which were the two sticky components on the proposal that was specifically mentioned in the referendum ( as crazy as that process is ) . 
  they basically specifically have a mandate to reject that that i believe would be more than to stay in the ez despite the campaigning that they are both compatible . 
  they were campaigning for a `` no '' . 
  they should have been prepared already as they had a whole week to work in the background . 
  it should n't be a surprise when you win . 
  i keep going back and forth between that and stupidity . 
  normally in these situations stupidity wins , but it 's just so focused that who knows . 
  it certainly fits the bill for what they are after , but they know they have a mandate to stay in so they need to make it someone else 's fault . 
  it was 35\u00ba at 2300 last night . 
  i am so happy i live in a new construction and have good ac . 
  an interesting thing about this is that so long as the stock market is closed , it means that banks have some leeway to fudge the valuation of their `` liquid '' assets . 
  the troika is n't the one that is applying for aid . 
  i do n't know how the greek government expect to do that without any sort of application for a program . 
  siesta is ours !, 
  ( and you would understand why if you were in madrid with no ac right now ), 
  i mean , theoretically it could be :  credible reforms , based on a fair distribution of burdens and the promotion of growth , with as few recessionary consequences as possible but the statement is essentially as bland and meaningless as possible in order to get the most signatures . 
  twitter is blocked , but if it 's the same as their live feed i actually laughed . 
  this is a farce . 
  http://live.reuters.com/event/greek_debt_crisis_4/172358976 reuters confirmation means i 'll remove the `` rumour '' flair . 
  it would have to be . 
  perhaps the key is in the word `` new '' . 
  i 'll hold off on opining too much until we get the full details . 
  i edited the flair to indicate it 's a rumour . 
  reuters does n't have it yet and the guardian is generally pretty good at live coverage , but they have shot their wad a bit early from time to time trying to get the scoop . 
  a sentiment nobody can disagree with . 
  but the devil is in the details . 
  every time i think it can not get to be more of a joke , it gets worse . 
  ideology aside , i think it 's clear syriza has some issues with basic competence in government . 
  they honestly should have been preparing this for the last 10 days since they called the referendum . 
  it 's not about how much people physically work , it 's about how much they produce . 
  i 'm sure a typical person in liberia works much harder than a typical greek , does n't mean they create value . 
  how hard you physically work being a measure of the value of the work you produce is ridiculous . 
  otherwise you could just have everyone go dig a hole one day and fill it in the next , repeat ad nauseum and you would have a working economy . 
  and yes , we measure value of work produced in money . 
  convenient as it 's money that greece wants more of . 
  if they want to measure working more in good feelings , i 'll be happy to send plenty of those , but i do n't think it will help the situation much . 
  we are in a real recovery with real growth . 
  i know lots of people that have started job hopping again in the professional world . 
  my wife works hr and has major problems getting people hired in technical roles . 
  all of that said , we are still in the early stages of getting better but it has n't gotten to everyone yet . 
  the wealth will spread like it usually does , but it takes time . 
  the unemployment going down is a very real trend . 
  the housing market has finally started to go up which means people 's largest asset is n't losing value anymore . 
  all of this frees up income to be spent and will lead to a good growth cycle . 
  that said , there is a major issue of a `` two-speed '' spanish economy . 
  back in the boom , you could drop out of school and make 4000 $ / month laying bricks . 
  obviously that attracts a lot of people to work , well now we are 7 years on and a lot of those people have no education , no english and basically no marketable skills while the growth is huge in services . 
  this is leaving a ton of people behind . 
  the best single thing the government could do is massively increase the fp program ( trade schools ) . 
  spanish industry is doing fantastic and vastly increasing the number of people that are able to work at wages that are much lower than other countries but still be able to provide european quality will massively benefit the export sector . 
  yeah , those of us that are obsessively following this story tend to be well versed enough in economics to get that . 
  but if you make a referendum about `` do you like austerity ? '', 
  and promise sunshine and unicorns because of it , of course the answer will be no . 
  ( well at least greece can deliver on the sunshine ), 
  it depends entirely on how the state is structured . 
  it would be pretty appropriate for the gendermarie to take control in france . 
  i mean , it 's an english language site and there are a fuck ton of a americans , myself included ( though i have lived in madrid for years and i 'm currently applying for my spanish passport ), 
  the stability thing is basically all due to a banking union which is in the works . 
  it wo n't be done in time for this , though . 
  if pr banks hold pr bonds and go bust , the fdic will come in in the us . 
  there is no ez wide deposit insurance . 
  ela wo n't be terminated , but it wo n't be increased . 
  reserves are lasting a bit longer since nobody can get 20 $ notes , they have to withdraw 50 $ effectively giving a 16 % reduction on capital controls . 
  also , it may be a reason why controls were not tightened to 20 or 40 $ as there just is n't the paper currency to pay those amounts out . 
  also , financial police is actual fucking military in italy . 
  there is a problem , but the government actually cares about solving it . 
  not as extreme here , but i would say in spain , if you find out the tax authority is investigating you , you 're pretty much fucked . 
  i do n't know that i have ever been asked for with/without vat for a regular retail transaction either ( it is unfortunately common for some services , though ... particularly home repair ), 
  i like the system where the government sets up a lottery with like 30 % of the taxes received from citizen reports and the people that report a successful investigation get a participation . 
  so you get a merchant offering you no vat , you just take the no vat price and then report them directly so it 's a double win for you . 
  also the us system where if it 's an extremely large fraud , you just get to keep a percentage of it anyway . 
  if people knew they could get a million euros for reporting a 10 million euro fraud , the big companies that are run corrupt would all be called out instantly . 
  other way around . 
  they reduced the value of the collateral that the banks can borrow against further increasing pressure on the banks . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvhzc4b9d8e that dog makes me laugh every time . 
  [ at least until friday . 
  ] ( http://live.reuters.com/event/greek_debt_crisis_4/172205000 ) that is also what has been mentioned as pretty much the outside limit of how long they can possibly hope to remain solvent given current conditions . 
  probably unlikely that banks will reopen with euros if there is no deal or ecb action this week . 
  both of those seem extremely difficult on the optimistic side . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen that here . 
  then again santander 's atms feel like they have a ui straight from 1985 . 
  i had a brand new octavia for my last rental . 
  decent car , though it does make me feel like 20 years older .
