  i suppose they are probably just planning on opening them with drachma . 
  but you 're speaking on a much more conceptual level than the problem . 
  the problem is they need literal text to work out and the party receiving the money is the one to prepare it . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  the problem here is on a very , very basic level of competence . 
  and they have been given extensions on debt ... . twice . 
  yes . 
  there are different standards for n. america and the rest of the world . 
  not better or worse , just different . 
  this is one of the big things ttip wants to deal with . 
  well there 's the 500l . 
  i hate that car , but it exists . 
  toyota reliability was a thing from the 90 's and early to mid 00 's . 
  they are shit now . 
  all of that said , reliability has gotten so good across the board that maintenance is pretty reasonable on pretty much any non-luxury car . 
  well , it seems like a foregone conclusion at this point . 
  the entire eu is convening to discuss how to send humanitarian aid to greece . 
  the banks ca n't make it that far . 
  they are at the breaking point now and they will run out of hard cash . 
  best estimates seem to be between wednesday and friday . 
  i get it , i really do . 
  but they have been given a popular mandate twice now and when literally everyone involved except for syriza was saying what a no vote would mean , do n't be surprised when it happens . 
  honestly , my biggest advice for a young greek is to get any money you can to get on a flight to whatever country you would n't mind living in so you can get a visa within the next couple days . 
  do n't worry about moving your stuff , that can happen later what 's important is getting a residence card before greece may have to leave the eu . 
  at this point supporting anyone is probably best done by leaving and being able to send hard currency ( eur/gbp/sek / whatever ) back later . 
  like i think the situation is dire enough that trying to get on a flight tomorrow is important enough to pay whatever it costs . 
  all 28 eu members will be there and not just eurozone . 
  i suspect they are planning for greek bank collapse this week . 
  edit : holy shit the tusk q&a  q : why are all 28 leaders coming to sunday 's summit ? 
   a : we can not avoid the possibility that there will not be a proposal on the table by sunday , tusk says . 
   and we may need to consider the issue of humanitarian aid for greece . 
  because the creditors do n't need the money . 
  that would be like going to buy a car and the dealer telling you to go draft up a contract . 
   seriously , start by assuming these are people who know what they 're doing , even if you do n't like their ideology or do n't understand their strategy and analyze it as nonsense . 
  i really do n't think they do . 
  i was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt , but they have never run a large organization before and are making a lot of mistakes about the technical side of management that just is generally implicit in a government . 
   they showed up because it was a eurogroup meeting and they had things to talk about , obviously ? 
  because there is nothing that can get accomplished . 
  and this was a specific emergency meeting to receive the new proposal . 
   what is so crazy about speaking without documents when you obviously do n't agree on what should be on them . 
  look , i get you have ideological differences , but the person who is going to be receiving payment is the one that drafts the proposal . 
  that 's just how the whole system works on a really basic level . 
  and there are points of agreements but you literally get nowhere and there is no point in having this meeting without a written document to start to work up and edit . 
  if it was all agreed on beforehand , there would n't have to be the meeting in the first place anyway . 
  like i said ... this is all really basic stuff and even greece agrees on it , they just did n't do it . 
  well then there is nothing to negotiate in the first place so why did greece show up ? 
  yes . 
  people are seriously expecting a new document . 
  at the end of the day an agreement will be what is essentially a contract so the specific written language is critical to form an agreement . 
  there is basically no basis to open without that document . 
  they honestly could have brought what they sent on the 30th without the second bailout extension stuff and been fine . 
  that sucks . 
  ad hominems are just unacceptable no matter your stance . 
  i openly do n't like syriza and do think that it 's a societal problem in greece but i also think greeks are a good people in a shitty situation and i honestly wish you all the best , despite the fact that i fear things will get worse . 
  [ the eurogroup does n't agree that that proposal is actually submitted . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/jul/07/greek-debt-crisis-alex-tsipras-seeks-last-chance-deal-live#block-559bfa23e4b00bdd27708586 ), 
  keynsianism is about going countercyclically , though . 
  so it 's not even that . 
  part of the point is to smooth growth out by putting on the brakes when it gets too hot and then spending when things get rough . 
  basically save when you are making money to spend it when times are rough . 
  the whole thing breaks down if you just continually increase spending . 
  i will say i do n't hate greeks in any way . 
  that said , this government will lead you to ruin . 
  trust that things can always get worse . 
  ( the old joke of the pessimist that says `` things ca n't get any worse '' and the optimist says `` oh yes they can '' ) . 
  pretty much all the countries in the neighborhood of greece are worse off right now . 
  and look , i have no hate but i also have little sympathy when the blowhards that are clearly leading off the cliff have had popular votes of confidence twice now . 
  schengen is irrelevant to freedom of movement . 
  that would be an eu right . 
  that said , it 's likely they would have to withdraw from the eu . 
  obviously it would be bad form to show just how badly greece is winning things right now . 
  that 's fair , but i was responding to saying that the military has no place in these matters , which given how france operates is certainly not the case . 
  [ christine lagarde , managing director of the international monetary fund , will reportedly be staying at home rather than attending the day 's meetings in brussels . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/jul/07/greek-debt-crisis-alex-tsipras-seeks-last-chance-deal-live#block-559b80cbe4b032a39a3bae0b ) [ not a surprise really . 
  greece is already in arrears with the imf after failing to make a $ 1.5 bn payment due at the end of last month , so it is unlikely the fund would be taking part in any new bailout until that money is paid . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/jul/07/greek-debt-crisis-alex-tsipras-seeks-last-chance-deal-live#block-559b80cbe4b032a39a3bae0b ), 
  anyone who knows the answer to these questions would never dare say anything about it . 
  are there even enough uninsured deposits to handle that ? 
  last chart i saw had total deposits around 100b $ . 
  i ca n't imagine more than 10 % of that is over an insured amount ( i would honestly be shocked if it were that high ) . 
  i mean , they need 5b $ just to get back the imf and hit the ecb payment to get them through the month . 
  this gets into what a currency is . 
  any currency in the modern sense is essentially an iou from the government . 
  ( yes there is gold , but we will treat that as a commodity for now ) . 
  so really they are saying they will essentially issue a parallel non-convertible currency along side the euro . 
  but yes , they would have to print . 
  my guess is the first run is hasty and not that secure , but they can have another run with more security out in time for it to be not that much of an issue for counterfeiters . 
  also the parallel currency would have to be non-convertible to euros or have a messed up official rate . 
  it 's very technically difficult and does n't really touch the bank capitalization issue that is the heart of the reason of why this is such a dire situation in the first place . 
  it 's in english . 
  edit : though if you followed the referendum yes/no were often expressed in greek as nai/oxi respectively . 
  no ... it 's really expired . 
  any new agreement needs to go through the parliaments . 
  even greece accepts they need to go through the esm since the efsf is done . 
  and why would the imf sit at a table where they have no leverage ? 
  they ca n't give any more money so they have nothing to say on the matter . 
  what makes no sense . 
  why in the world would they present to the imf when the imf can not be involved in fixing their problems unless they make their payment ? 
  there are some really juicy lines in there that are half covered . 
  i 'd really like to know '' **** nai message to people or ***** '',
