   spain and italy are stagnant and have sickeningly high youth unemployment while unemployment is still a problem , we are very much so not stagnant . 
  we 're going to be pushing 3 % growth this year , ( assuming the greece thing does n't hurt us ) . 
  i actually think a greek default would be the greatest thing ever for spain since we are having an export let recovery so more devaluation would be great . 
  would they get kicked out of schengen , too at that point ? 
  they 're already basically a schengen island , so it would be easy to do . 
  low currency would certainly help tourism . 
  if i could get a decent vacation in greece for 50 $ a day or less , i 'd be there in a second . 
  ( my travel style is usually significantly more than that ), 
  well i do n't know what 's up with fiji , but the highest numbers seem to be from countries where , in general , a truly defensive war on home territory is n't a crazy idea . 
  they include russia as a cheap weekend but i suppose that assumes you already have a visa which is annoyingly not as cheap . 
  i doubt they would be able to beat mediaset in italy and spain at least . 
  well ... you are allowed to apply after two years of legal residency . 
  if you want to come illegal , it can take many years to get that first legal residency through arraigo . 
  that said , there is still a path that just does n't exist in the us . 
  and the application itself takes a long time ( going through the process myself ), 
  granted i 'm a non-native speaker , but i ca n't tell the difference between a canario accent and venezolano . 
  you guys just have more verga and arepa or something . 
  well ... `` latino '' is n't a block . 
  mexicans and other central americans tend to go to the us because you can get there over land . 
  by the time you get down to s. america , well you have to take a plane no matter where you go , so why would n't you go to the richest spanish speaking country to at least not have a language barrier ? 
  though it is true you can survive in the us without english , it 's just not the same . 
  we like you guys , though . 
  according to an argentine coworker , they even use gallego to mean from spain . 
  spain hates itself more than anyone . 
  probably amancio ortega 's personal bankers . 
  no ... they ca n't ( well at least not win ) . 
  they can sue if they decide to lower the co2 emissions from * foreign * cars though . 
  that 's a big , important difference . 
  you know , for all the isds fear mongering , people are really willing to cite situations where companies have sued or are suing , but nobody cites things where companies win ridiculous settlements . 
  i have no problem with people getting an honest chance to voice arguments however ridiculous they seem . 
  what matters is what 's actually decided . 
  i mean , there is one right now for solar subsidies in spain , but the government absolutely should lose that one because they signed a power purchase contract and changed the terms when they wanted to keep the cash . 
   however , i fail to see how you 're affecting the grid if you 're not generating nor dumping power , just installing a battery to ease your peak hours with the power you 've purchased at `` valley '' hours . 
  this , in fact , eases the work of the utilities as they would avoid spinning up so much the combined cycle power plants at peak hours . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  i agree . 
  i already said they 're probably fucking it up ( and i honestly do n't have the time to read the actual proposal that wo n't affect me in a block in madrid in the slightest ) . 
  i just hate the `` they 're charging us to use sunlight '' argument as it 's a more complicated issue than that . 
  but the issue is the connection cost does n't depend on how much power you get . 
  the connection cost is fixed . 
  i would say the best way is to just charge a fixed monthly connection cost depending on what you have connected ( which already exists ) but here 's the issue with generation that a lot of people all for renewables always gloss over . 
  being able to plan what is provided to the grid is hugely important and if you have a lot of houses that may just start dumping onto the grid depending on their own use , it 's an issue . 
  like i said , i 'm sure they 're fucking up the implementation of this , but the ability for the operator to plan operations and deliver to everyone . 
  it 's not an issue for a few houses , but it can be with a bunch of people . 
  there are ways around it and i 'm not against selling back , but it should n't be at the same price you buy for either . 
  i still do n't know how to feel about mass surveillance , but the point is once you have a concrete lead to follow , the mass data gathering lets you follow whatever threads it may tie to . 
  99.9 % of everything that 's collected just sits in an archive and is never heard from again ( still makes me pretty uncomfortable , though ) but the idea is you do n't know what 's useful until after the fact . 
  i do n't like it , but i understand why it exists and it 's not the `` the government hates you and wants to know everything about every citizen '' conspiracy stuff . 
  i really do think fighting well organized but disparate and decentralized groups that are n't governments does provide a new challenge that legal systems and intelligence services just were n't ready for . 
  there have been errors and there will be more but it 's really complicated . 
  here 's the big problem . 
  people connected to the grid * should * have to pay something to maintain it . 
  i do n't know exactly how this is implemented , and i do n't doubt it 's a mess ( this is a pretty terrible article , though ) . 
  that said , if you are connected to the grid , they are providing you a service even if you are selling . 
  the idea that you should be able to sell to the grid at the same price you buy is ludicrous and if you do net metering , it 's essentially what happens . 
  i 'm all for giving solar incentives , but giving people a service for free is n't sustainable either . 
  eh , i think it would have worked out for us as most of it is already built . 
  also , they would still have to pay all the debts eventually ... in euros , so you ca n't just inflate them away . 
  then their constituents should n't have voted for a pro-eu party . 
  it was no secret and it 's not like there was n't an anti-eu party around . 
  they are entitled to their opinion . 
  they are n't entitled to actively campaign against their party 's position and expect to keep their jobs within that party . 
  pretty big difference . 
  we like the romanians . 
  they are generally great workers and assimilate quite well into spanish society . 
  isis is filled with crazy terrorists , but they are n't interested in europe at the moment . 
  i get we need to do something about them , but their goals are basically for contiguous territory . 
  charlie hebdo was al qaeda ( also an enemy of isis ) types and yemen continues to be the biggest threat to europeans in europe . 
  all of that said , this is an easy way for those people to slip in undetected as well . 
   every country that has to pay the imf has the right , instead of making consecutive payments within the same month , to ask from the imf to make all the payments of a month on the same day . 
  just so long as they are principal payments , which they are in this case . 
  just want to be more clear . 
  got to have a decided court case . 
  which we are still a long way away from . 
  so does this trigger a technical default or not ? 
  edit : from the article they tapped an old imf precedent so does n't count as a default . 
  i will certainly pay for it . 
  i mean , the ability to watch without waiting for a download , knowing it will be high quality and with both language tracks and subs for such a low price is great . 
  let 's see how sgae fucks it up . 
  gentrification is n't inherently bad . 
  so the solution is to obviously make it illegal to charge more to live in the desirable parts of the city . 
  i do n't know how germany handles rent control ( it 's actually something i think spain has a very reasonable system with ) but this just sounds like it punishes people that would like to live in significantly nicer flats . 
   `` we do n't want a situation like in london or paris , '' said wild . 
  `` the reality in paris or london is that people with low income have to live in the further-out districts of the city . '' well ... yeah , if you want a city with more economic activity , there 's going to be more demand toward the center . 
  the problem with london , at least is not a lack of price controls , it 's a lack of being able to build more supply . 
  i guess this goes back to the eternal debate of gentrification and how much people hate it . 
  the low rates of home ownership in germany seem to compound the problem a lot . 
  i also just do n't understand the premise . 
  my place costs significantly more than the average for where i live but i get a parking space in central madrid , pool access in the summer , a fitness room and an overall fairly nice apartment . 
  it seems to be making it illegal to price in quality . 
  i like how they translated `` hosteler\u00eda '' to hostelry . 
  it just sounds strange rather than hospitality sector which is what i see in pretty much every business newspaper in english . 
  it 's going to be a long recovery and hopefully it picks up more steam , but i can attest that from the multinational side of things ... it 's very , very real . 
  i 've also seem to have seen a lot more people changing jobs recently which seems to be a good indication of health as well . 
  i grant all i see is personal observation and anecdote . 
  it would be england as it goes by federation . 
  though an england/scotland bid certainly makes sense . 
  strikes in europe generally are n't like in the us . 
  it 's basically less service rather than a complete shutdown . 
  that said ... a major reduction in transport in particular is very noticeable .
