  the municipal governments are one thing , but i have said it before and will say it again , they will not be allowed to govern nationally . 
  the other 3 major parties are more okay with each other than them at the end of the day . 
  pp will abstain and allow a psoe or psoe/c 's minority government if it comes to that . 
  add to that that leftist groups are really bad at staying united and we 'll see how it goes . 
  the `` independent '' groups that podemos supported at the municipal level are now joining with the leftist establishment to challenge podemos . 
  no idea how much effect this will really have , though . 
  i think we really need to worry about this portmanteau bubble . 
  we have reached peak combination word puns and there will certainly be a crash . 
  i do n't really consider the caucasus as strictly a part of europe . 
  aside from dealing with russian influence , the geopolitical scene there is much more of a middle eastern one but it 's really just sort of it 's own thing . 
  that said , i have an armenian friend that will argue your ear off that it is a european country and their christian heritage and i recognize it is a continuous sort of scale as there is no real defined line for where europe ends and asia begins as much as people would like the urals and the bosphorous to be that line . 
  government workers are much less even now than before the crisis . 
  you ca n't just ignore the state and local level where the majority of workers actually are . 
  well yeah , but what happens when you grow your debt in the boom time ? 
  you make it unsustainable and have major problems . 
  that 's what happened with greece so when the crisis came and they needed massive deficits , they just were n't available because the market would n't lend . 
  germany is being a twat about this but it is still the greek government 's fault in the end . 
  now i just hate everyone involved . 
  this is true . 
  germany is happy to be that too , because it makes german influence appear to be more than it is . 
  does n't the bridge financing require a unanimous vote . 
  and the elephant in the room is the july 20 payment to the ecb . 
  i 'm pretty soft spoken and try to avoid conflicts at work . 
  i 've never gotten in full-on screaming matches , but i have definitely gotten into pretty heated arguments with people i personally like . 
  i can see this being a very stressful and even slight differences in opinion could be quite important . 
  for me , `` eastern europe '' is basically interchangeable with `` former communist countries '' . 
  i know that definition has some issues , but it 's why i would n't personally consider greece in the club but i would all of the neighbors except turkey . 
  i am fairly right leaning and have found their pure reporting as well as even some of the opinion analysis ( mostly analysis of the tactics ) fantastic through out the greek crisis . 
  for other issues , i do n't often agree , but they are a serious newspaper . 
  for uk papers , i usually read ft since i care most about economic stuff for my job . 
  fraud is n't actually illegal on an international level . 
  the definition of fraud is from a government . 
  if a government does it on an international level , the only retribution is invalidating whatever treaty was entered into on false pretenses . 
  spain is generally trying to lay low as far as i can tell . 
  i mean , everyone 's official position except germany now is no grexit , the question is at what cost . 
  de guindos just says bland statements that can be interpreted any way because he wants dijselbloem 's job . 
  they are , but the physical aspects are generally within the range of what would be considered `` spanish '' ( which is a much wider range than most european countries ) so it 's not like physical appearance would matter much . 
  nobody has any problem with anyone who is willing to integrate into society , but the culture really does shun anyone who leaves . 
  so do that and have reasonable limits . 
  do n't push the situation out to make it so it 's unnecessarily difficult to do business . 
  what stand ? 
  get capital controls implemented needlessly ? 
  even harsher austerity ? 
  we are n't out of this by a long shot . 
  it 's now not the certainty it was a few days ago when everyone thought tsipras would never accept such measures because that was supposedly what the referendum was about . 
  it 's by no means a done deal and many parliaments will still not be happy about selling this at home . 
  and there 's a july 20 ecb payment that if it gets missed ... game over . 
  a lot of people went in thinking no was a cut from the ez . 
  that was the main problem of the referendum , nobody knew what the fuck the subtext of what they were voting on was . 
  just the eurozone , but last time that did n't include latvia and lithuania which are both not pleased . 
  yeah , we are far from out of the woods yet . 
  if bridge financing does n't happen , they will miss the ecb payment unless they secretly are saving enough to just barely make it and that 's why they did n't pay the imf . 
  if that payment is missed ... we are back at grexit anyway . 
  this guy ~ ~ fucks ~ ~, 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm willing to bet it 's because we have massive amounts of agriculture . 
  if you 've ever been through central spain except for madrid you will have noticed how rural it is . 
  well ireland has the massive advantage of the uk being right next door and being 20x the population so they can absorb irish migrants rather easy with no need to learn a language and the cultural norms are generally pretty similar . 
  just the general lack of language knowledge is a huge impediment to moving from spain so emigration is quite a bit more difficult for most . 
  i know these maps like to over represent minorities , but listing extremaduran , asturian , and aragonese in the same active categories as galician , basque and catalan is crazy . 
  basically nobody speaks them anymore and there 's not really that much of a preservation movement . 
  the imf ca n't do anything and has no leverage on the discussion so long as greece is behind on payments . 
  you ca n't lend money to someone who is actively not paying you . 
  so it does n't matter what the fuck they think about debt restructuring since they are n't involved in the process now thanks to the greek non-payment . 
   just pretend to have learnt spanish from a basque gf :-) poor soul . 
  i do n't think you understand just how powerful the construction bubble was here . 
  there is nothing wrong with construction , just that there were about 5x as many people working in the sector than were really needed . 
  this is exactly why i like the ciudadanos single employment contract proposal so much . 
  i 'm not saying all of the changes are good , but i can tell you 100 % that if it was not for the 6 month trial period introduced we would have hired fewer workers . 
  everyone 's position was pretty much always complete reforms and then debt restructuring talks can begin . 
  they might get that a bit more formalized , but they wo n't get anything without being able to concretely show reforms . 
  so i still do n't see what the referendum stuff achieved aside from harsher austerity and completely destroying the economy for half a month , alienating the imf , and making it so it still has to pass through all the parliaments so it 's still far from a done deal . 
  no classic debt haircut . 
  those were her exact words which leaves a pretty glaring out . 
  except it was the greek side that walked away prior to the deadline . 
  maybe some infrastructure funds and education funds , but honestly i 'm pretty sure we 're net contributors . 
  i do n't think it 's just the left . 
  the anel partners are just as guilty . 
  i 'm sure there are parties in every country that are really good at writing a 3 page rant about the injustice of the lunch menu , but would n't actually know what to do if given the levers of power because it 's technically challenging to run a large organization . 
  i 've liken it to complaining about which direction the bus is driving and then getting a chance to drive and not knowing what each pedal does . 
  ideology does n't come into play in the lack of basic competence . 
  i 'm in a very high demand industry so it was never too bad for us , but things are going fantastic right now . 
  we are actually starting to get some spanish clients from time to time as pretty much all of our projects are international right now . 
  of people i know that are educated , nobody ca n't find a job . 
  that said , the jobs are often low paid . 
  that said , people i know in international industries ( basically engineering and it ) are doing pretty well in general . 
  my wife works for recruitment in it and just ca n't find people . 
  you can tell things are bad , but i would also , subjectively say , you can really tell that things are slowly improving . 
  that said , a lot of the real problems are sort of hidden by people that really ca n't even leave home much . 
  and the single biggest reform the government can do is invest more in trade schools . 
  there is much more demand for people wanting to learn trades than there are places available and spanish industry is growing very fast . 
  you are vastly overstating how much influence germany has . 
  also the how the situation in greece is fundamentally different from the other med countries . 
  spain wo n't voluntarily leave the euro . 
  denmark has the same opt-out . 
  i have a problem with the word `` expulsion '' , too . 
  i would say the more accurate statement is `` greece would be forced to withdraw from the eurozone and quite possible her membership from the eu as the legal consequences of leaving the euro are unclear . '', 
  that sentence is n't nearly as concise , though . 
   that is what makes a true leader . 
  as verhosfstadt said he has the most personal legitimacy of any prime minister in greece for a long time .
