  that yes , it does with 1.9 million fewer jobs . 
  of the 3.8 million employed , only half have been recovered . 
  and how can you explain this ? 
  the economy has experienced a brutal competitiveness gain . 
  the same happens with 1.9 million fewer workers . 
  in part , this is explained by the different composition of the economy . 
  it has swept a sector like construction that before the crisis paid well and was very labor intensive . 
  and this has been replaced mainly with two sectors : on the one hand , tourism and the hotel industry , which needs many workers but which rewards much less than the construction . 
  and the export sector , which is much more productive and , therefore , less of the labor factor . 
  regarding the increase of the gdp in the second quarter , the economy accelerates and grows above the 0.8 % registered in the previous quarter . 
  the bank of spain , the fiscal authority , the panel of funcas , bbva or bankia had already made upward revisions in this regard . 
  just when it seemed the economy could start to slow down , it shows greater robustness than any analyst could predict just a few quarters earlier . 
  it seemed that consumption had to lose its boom or yes after months of growth over other headings thanks to robust job creation , lower saving rates and low inflation , which provides purchasing power . 
  with the crisis there was a lot of stored demand that had saved and stopped consuming durable goods due to uncertainty . 
  as soon as the uncertainty dissipated , that triggered consumption soaring above even what rents grew . 
  all this led to the idea that domestic demand would lose force as savings fell and inflation rose . 
  and the indicators point out that it does . 
  but not much , at least according to the latest consumer data . 
  and the answer can be in several factors : on the one hand , inflation is moderating and is giving back purchasing power to consumers . 
  in addition , employment continues to grow strongly . 
  moreover , between april and june rose to 0.9 % according to bbva research calculations , practically at the same pace as gdp . 
  from which it is inferred that all the growth is destined to the creation of jobs . 
  on the other hand , despite a slower pace between april and june , investment has resumed the growth path after stagnating during the second half of last year due to political uncertainty . 
  although from levels still low compared to pre-crisis levels , investment in construction is gaining momentum . 
  and lastly , the euro zone is recovering and pulling hard from spanish exports , although the latest data indicate that the strong increase in imports may be offsetting the effect of this strong growth in sales abroad . 
  not just catalonia , it 's all of spain . 
  hence why i drove to work in madrid . 
  that said , this should have nothing to do with the strike . 
   but once the unemployment goes down , companies will no longer be able to get away with shitty conditions . 
  to add to this point , it also helps put upward pressure on wages because you know you have alternatives . 
  and some of the shitty jobs may turn into less shitty jobs as it helps to be able to jump from job to job . 
  the biggest complaint i see is that unemployment rate does n't measure the employment rate . 
  and it 's absolutely ridiculous because it 's not like that 's a hidden statistic . 
  to top it off , ine is an absolutely respectable institution and they are pretty good about being free from state meddling . 
  i agree that there is fuckery in the government but it 's pretty much just around procurement and actual operational corruption is very low and institutions run by the government are generally pretty good about doing their jobs without political interference ( rtve excluded ), 
  that 's not how it works . 
  unemployment data is taken from a survey and has a very specific definition . 
  you know , because it 's an encuesta ( survey in english ), 
  there 's really not enough data for an economically stable , democratic spain to be able to say what the real structural unemployment should be . 
  that average included two big crises and also the aftermath of the transition . 
  just based on my gut , i 'd say structural unemployment here is 9-10 % it could probably be lowered to 6 % or so if they really went after tax fraud . 
  yeah , i would definitely put trina for spain . 
  i have never heard of mirinda myself . 
  this is basically unquestionably good news . 
  yes there are more workers with short term contracts , but that 's a hell of a lot better than with no contracts and once you get enough demand and a worker knows they can find a job somewhere else , they can start to demand better contracts . 
  things should be better , but you ca n't move an economy that fast and it 's moving in a good direction at a fairly good pace . 
  edit : [ here 's the data since 2002 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/n521l ) edit2 : yes it always falls for q2 and q3 and then tends to move slow until the following year . 
  this year 's q2 will have an extra boost since holy week was entirely in april and had fantastic weather ( it 's common for it to rain that week ) that said , i think getting below 16 % by the end of the year is not an unrealistic goal . 
  i mean , considering the direction , it 's clearly a lot better . 
  only a year ago we were very happy to be getting below 20 % we were in a really , really deep hole and things have been getting better for awhile . 
  clearly not as good as it should be , but we are moving in the right direction fairly quickly . 
  they are really good at charging ridiculous roaming rates . 
  the department stores have better prices than airport duty free shops for things like perfumes/colognes that i buy very occasionally . 
  the skiing is absolutely amazing . 
  they seem to be pretty happy to consider themselves catalan but not be involved in the hot political mess that is catalonia . 
  i want to go to one of those over water bungalows for vacation so badly . 
  ar baltic c series is a damned fine looking aircraft . 
   aer lingus is still the official flag carrier in ireland is this true despite being fully owned by iag ? 
  i thought they were legally just another airline with an irish aoc . 
  i mean , i 'd hesitate to call something they are calling for in 23 years a decision . 
  there 's going to be a lot of elections between now and then . 
  politics does n't work well on that time scale . 
  i think it 's just the government trying to signal and that 's about it . 
  they almost certainly would have . 
  it 's very distinct . 
  my vision for battery swapping is that the car owner never actually owns the battery . 
  they pay a bit each month to basically be allowed to use the shell battery network or something and they get x swaps per month for free . 
  if you need to use an bp battery swap , you 're allowed , you just have to pay a fee so it gets returned to its original owner . 
  i imagine in europe companies would have networks that span countries either through partnership agreements or just being multinational . 
  yeah , if it gets to the point where they are not the prominent vehicle choice at all , i do n't get why they 'd be banned . 
  i 'm sure they will serve a niche role and so long as not everyone is using one , the pollution worries are n't that bad . 
  and yeah , even `` rich guy wanting to go fast in a circle '' is a good enough reason for a niche role as there are a lot of engineering developments that come from supercars . 
  they 're out of money . 
  etihad said they 'd like to take them over ( they already own 49 % ) , but that 's illegal since they are n't an eu company . 
  rumors lufthansa may come in and buy it up , but they have some serious structural cost issues . 
  also could be that they just stop operating and other airlines come in and service where there is demand or a completely new airline is created without the structural cost issues ( like what happened with swiss ) at the end of the day italy just ca n't support two major hubs between rome and milan with a single airline . 
  but the point is that does n't happen because they are 100 % private companies . 
  the state has no say in their procurement decisions . 
  there are still a few government owned airlines in europe , the two biggest being finnair ( doing well ) and alitalia ( probably going to cease operations this year ) and alitalia certainly does have a sizable boeing widebody fleet and yes finnair is all airbus , but it 's not like they are in the core of the former eads group . 
  except almost all of these are completely private companies . 
  and neither lufthansa ( owner of brussels , swiss and austrian as well ) , airfranceklm , nor iag ( owner of aer lingus , ba , and iberia ) are government owned in any way . 
  i mean , the companies will `` lobby '' them but when it 's transactions between private businesses , that 's just called `` sales '' . 
  technically `` flag carriers '' should n't exist anymore in the ecaa . 
  of course we know they still do but every airline in the ecaa ( note not the same as eu ) should have the same rights regardless . 
  though there are old bilateral agreements that are still in force for many countries . 
  also ... let 's see what happens with alitalia . 
  honestly , we just do n't know . 
  would you assume an obviously disturbed person with a knife shouting `` oh my god ! '', 
  repeatedly was referring to religion ? 
  the phrase is actually used fairly similarly and all indications are that the man was very obviously mentally disturbed more than anything . 
  and as i mentioned , anyone trying to attack with a ham knife is doing it very , very wrong . 
  i 'm inclined to believe it was just a case of a very disturbed person with a mental breakdown as is being reported and seems to make more sense with how they were handling the situation . 
  in fairness , while there is a huge moroccan population in spain , there is also a large venezuelan one and the situation in venezuela is orders of magnitude worse than morocco right now . 
  nobody is worried about a civil war breaking out in morocco . 
  also , venezuela is one of the latin american countries that continues its links with spain . 
  on par with cuba and argentina . 
  on a much more cynical point of view , spanish business people are also waiting for the situation to change because it will almost certainly be spanish contractors that handle the reconstruction of the country after decades of neglect . 
  eh , it would strain infrastructure but venezuelans tend to be educated and mostly share a culture . 
  helps that we also speak the same language . 
  there are a ton in spain .
