  air cargo is actually not that expensive . 
  the limit tends to be weight rather than space . 
  if you need large and heavy equipment and have a schedule , you just go by ship . 
  if you need it now , you contract out the old an-225 . 
  the plan was basically to use some oil money to subsidize it . 
  we see what happened there . 
  is there really that much cargo that is time sensitive enough to not warrant ship traffic but not sensitive enough to make sense to use the train over air cargo ? 
  that seems like a really specific niche . 
  a lot of spanish speaking countries have p\u00e1del . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/padel_ ( sport ) it 's basically like a version of tennis . 
  basically they propose an , as of now hypothetical , new agreement that basically keeps all of the good parts but mostly allows for stronger control on migration and government benefits to eu migrants . 
  i could potentially see slightly more restrictions on moving and then immediately claiming benefits , probably not to the level they are asking for ( but such are negotiations ) . 
  i doubt little else would realistically change . 
  they have a permanent opt-out of the euro from the maastricht treaty so i do n't really understand what people are going on about with that . 
  strikes in spain are slight inconveniences if you even notice them at all . 
  well , except for that wildcat atc strike a few years ago , that shit was chaos . 
  that looks like it smells awful . 
  you can sometimes see the mountains on mallorca from barcelona if the day is clear enough . 
  i mean , it depends what you mean by soon . 
  long term at these prices is pretty unsustainable and capacity will have to go offline . 
  i 'm not talking daily prices or even month to month , these trends could take years and companies will react accordingly . 
  or you know , maybe it does n't and even more drastic action will have to be taken . 
  we generally react more than anything rather than try to see the future . 
  it 's oil , it 's volatile . 
  it could be back up to $ 60/bbl this year ... who knows ? 
  thanks . 
  no , i 'm in a good position professionally . 
  i am on the very front end of project developments , like i actually talk with clients who are thinking about contracting work and write offers and things . 
  like i mentioned , there is still storage work since ports only care about the price changing since they are basically like a physical market exchange mechanism . 
  we are also slightly diversified but want to be ready when oil prices shoot up again . 
  also i 'm a native english speaker ( someone in the know could narrow this down to just a few people in madrid at this point ) so i have a huge advantage for companies that are still trying for even more international growth . 
  though that said , i 'm not a spaniard yet though hopefully i can make that happen this year since i 'm in the process of it . 
  i mean , russia 's problem is basically that they tie state spending to rosneft 's profits . 
  but it 's still worth it for them to keep pumping as well , if nothing else maybe even pump more . 
  opec is truly broken at this point . 
  is it possible for grey to become more intensely grey ? 
  more expensive than fracking ... no . 
  way more expensive that just letting a pump run idly without much supervision ... yes . 
  most of that cost is the cost of cementing the well , running measurements , and the cost of the equipment and manhours to make it happen . 
  you can go from sour to sweet with no problem but you ca n't go the other way and europe is pretty strict on sulfur content . 
  ( the biggest works in european refineries recently has been hydrodesulfurization units ) . 
  saudi oil tends to be very sweet though and can run in pretty much anything . 
  as far as light or heavy , that will affect the economics , but it just depends on how hard you run your hydrocracker . 
  yes , i 'm in the business . 
  and yes , this news is why i can spend all day on reddit . 
  more cheap credit is still needed despite the reason so i 'm happy about it no matter what . 
  the scale of how qe worked in the us and uk was just insane but absolutely necessary after the crisis and the bce has yet to have the balls to do what 's necessary even after it has shown to work pretty well . 
  yes , but that 's why i said it 's true enough . 
  it really does n't make that much of a difference between cost . 
  there is the heaviness and also sweet/sourness of the source ( that the sulfur content ) . 
  not to get overly technical but for the sake of global price economics , it 's `` close enough '' . 
  in addition to everything else , it 's not that saudi oil gets to the us , it 's that it 's a global market and another supply issue . 
  oil is ( more or less ) fungible meaning a barrel from usa is as good as a barrel from saudi which is good as a barrel from scotland ( this is n't totally true , but it 's true enough ) . 
  so by having more saudi oil out there , it lowers the price for everyone because they still have to compete and shipping costs are n't that huge . 
  there is also regional variation in the price required for delivery based on shipping . 
  it 's fairly low ( though a much higher percentage of total in the current market ), 
  those are only marginal operational costs though . 
  development of new wells is significantly more . 
  pp will stay as it is . 
  i 'm thinking more of more traditional people that may want to go for podemos over psoe . 
  this probably most benefits psoe and to a lesser degree c 's . 
  i mean , have you seen calais ? 
  it 's overrun with migrants . 
  for me the biggest impact of this wo n't be anything legal but that podemos has been fighting hard to get a more moderate image . 
  the whole spectacle in congress plus this really hits home the classic leftist and `` perroflauta '' themes that they could really do without if we go to new elections . 
  if a government is formed , i doubt it will have much impact as it will be forgotten before any new vote . 
   what are the chances rajoy 's partido popular is financed by saudi arabia ? 
  right , but it 's done through contracts in spanish companies and then the money comes from those companies . 
  mecca-medina high speed line is pretty much all spanish built . 
  t\u00e9cnicas reunidas builds refineries like crazy in saudi and that was a big thing the old king did . 
  it 's an important distinction because at the end of the day the companies are looking out for their own interests rather than directly that of a foreign government and that will coincide with their spanish workers to a large degree as well . 
  i got downvoted to hell by saying abc does n't straight up invent facts . 
  they do lots of shitty stuff like only mentioning good stuff for the right and editorializing but they do n't invent facts that do n't otherwise exist . 
  yeah , everyone has the idea that young people speak english well and it 's the older generation dragging down the numbers . 
  well in spain , the young people are just as shitty . 
  iirc , it 's the only country in europe where middle aged people have better english than the younger people ( because they actually have to learn for their jobs ) . 
  i mean , that sort of culture shock of realizing the world outside of iberia and s. america does n't operate with spanish in mind is good and part of the reason they need to go in the first place . 
  there is according to uefa, 
  makes sense as in the us `` yankee '' specifically refers to northerners and more specifically northeasterners . 
  where the dutch settled . 
  as someone who grew up in the us i always find it amusing when people call someone from georgia a yankee or something like that . 
  the one that always confused me is chennai/madras . 
  that 's just completely unrelated , not even winging it . 
  while polak is more technically correct , it 's generally not nice in english because it was used to slur polish immigrants for a long time . 
  i believe that comes from the us that had lots of polish immigration before the uk had it . 
  ( i mean , casimir pulaski day is still a celebrated holiday in illinois ), 
  not excusing it , but yeah it 's that spanish people have terrible english . 
  this includes the young generation so they will just speak spanish . 
  the rest is pretty much that it 's almost guaranteed that it 's their first experience living away from home and they just lack the social skills to deal with other people in that manner since their mom just takes care of consequences back home . 
  h is always silent in spanish . 
  in basque names you will often see ` tx ' which is pronounced like a ` ch ' . 
  txomin is a male name for example and the previously mentioned arancha is often spelled arantxa, 
  this was n't the case at all when the nation was founded , that happened later . 
  english/french/spanish / dutch/creole languages have pretty much been present from the start . 
  yeah , english is absolutely terrible here . 
  it can be kind of annoying but it lets me get paid even more for being a native speaker . 
  edit : i 'm honestly surprised it 's one out of five people that speak at an acceptable level . 
  it 's perfectly normal to be a doctor or similarly educated position here without speaking english . 
  basically . 
  all parties in spain are organized at the autonomy level but podemos did n't have the infrastructure to grow as fast as the were growing so they basically formed a bunch of allied parties that all agreed on things in principle but without a strong top-down leadership .
