  andalusia still has n't formed a government 2 months afterward . 
  well , oftentimes the papers are chaos as well so nobody really knows or even cares what you are putting in your envelope . 
  i think c 's will be a bigger force because they can pact with pp and i think even psoe will be more likely to pact with them . 
  and just to remind everyone . 
  pp and psoe will be the winners tonight , but this round will turn real interesting in the post-election negotiations . 
  andalusia has really shown how completely unprepared the two main parties are for dealing with a multi-party landscape . 
  the shit d\u00edaz has said and done in the andalusian parliament is nuts . 
  ( after the election she said that parties should just pact with her because she is rightfully president of the region . 
  she also had random votes to form a government without any sort of agreement reached ), 
  if you fly a lot , you will get a diversion at some point . 
  it 's annoying , but it 's part of the game . 
  i do n't know if legacies or lccs have a higher rate . 
  i think it 's just the specific combination of multi-party and fptp that 's the issue . 
  it 's really designed to be a two party system , that it is n't is pretty incredible , frankly . 
  the population of the entire republic of ireland is just over half that of just london . 
  lots of people do go to ireland but when it 's such a small country in the first place , it 's hard to compare . 
  that 's the idea of the usa , particularly pre-civil war usa . 
  states were by far the dominant force . 
  it also led to the investment to develop those medicines in the first place and they will become available with time . 
  though i am for an international fund that will buy patents if a drug is considered sufficiently useful to the public good and allow it to be manufactured as a generic directly while still maintaining the incentives to develop the treatments in the first place . 
  is n't that basically how kebab got started ? 
  note to not take much stock in it at a personal level . 
  there is quite a bit of variation from person to person and tends to make taller people have higher measurements and shorter people have lower measurements ( since the formula uses the square of weight yet it should increase in cubic proportions ) . 
  it really makes the netherlands number that much more impressive since their average height is like 185 for men . 
  ( i 'm 185 and i was just barely under the `` overweight '' tag when i was very thin . 
  have you never dealt with people that see any kind of unfamiliar screen ? 
  this seems particularly problematic at a university where you have a continuous fresh supply of people unfamiliar with the system rather than a company where you can train people and they wo n't necessarily leave after a set time . 
  and will now spend more on support for people that are hopeless lost than they ever spent on licensing . 
  in my experience it 's that people use any amount of alcohol to just throw any unwritten social rule out the window . 
  i 'm from the us and i 'm wearing a pink shirt right now . 
  i suppose this is what living in europe does to a man . 
  lyon is one of my favorite bigger cities . 
  it 's the kind of place that may not be worth it to spend a few days in but it 's absolutely fantastic to spend a few months in . 
  it 's far more complicated than that . 
  even by being able to sell to the grid , they are still providing you a service . 
  the model where you sell at the same price you buy is ridiculous as ree ( spanish electrical grid ) was n't allowed to arbitrage which is the whole point of what they do as a company . 
  the government went about it in a completely retarded way and it would be easy enough to just introduce net metering , but the issue is real . 
  that said , they screwed us in big companies that do solar as well . 
  they basically just voided the feed-in tariff contracts they signed because `` fuck you '' . 
  abengoa and masdar ( out of abu dhabi ) are suing the state because of it and have a damned good case about changing contracts a posteriori . 
  that said , the government does n't care since they were in a cash crisis and just did n't have the money at that point whereas they do now so it 's actually better from their point of view to have screwed people earlier and now pay extra when they can actually raise the money . 
  again , the other positive is that the expertise developed during this period has made a lot of spanish solar companies ( particularly in concentrated solar ) some of the top companies in the world . 
  combined with the low cost of labor in spain and ( finally ) the weakening euro , it 's making exporting that tech very attractive . 
  edit : grammar and slight clarification, 
  they actually are . 
  in the form of aluminium . 
  not at all . 
  n. africa has a lot more insolation than spain . 
  it 's good here but not fantastic . 
  france and spain just opened a new connection a couple months ago . 
   whereas in english ... `` read '' can be said two different ways , `` finite '' is pronounced in a vastly different way from `` infinite '' , etc. 
  though it can be mastered with tough , thorough thought . 
  english is a great language to get to levels to be able to communicate . 
  it seems very difficult to get to the more advanced levels , though . 
  ( i 'm a native english speaker so i do n't really know ), 
  this may be my inherent us bias ( i grew up there ) but i see it as the fundamental event that established the power dynamics behind the relationship in the first place . 
  i think it kind of goes with the marshall plan answer . 
  most americans just do n't think of the marshall plan at all and just consider it basically an extension of wwii where it was fundamental to the w. european establishment . 
  the other thing to remember is how important wwii was to us dominance . 
  it basically was the single event that created the us led front against communism and created american hegemony . 
  obviously war is terribly , but i do n't think anyone is saying it negatively because the holocaust happened , but because it was a really important event . 
  i could get behind pretty much all of that . 
  i know a lot of people in the corporate world that pretty much feel the same way about pretty much all of that . 
  as far as bankruptcy goes , even the bankers ( privately ) like it because it lets them just cut the fat and be done with it and get back to a growing market . 
  but as the situation stands right now , an individual bank will disadvantage themselves by not going after the mortgages forever if everyone else does it and the market wo n't improve . 
  they 'll probably pay competitive local salaries . 
  probably in the 1500-2000 $ ( net to worker ) per month range ( really good for lots of spain ) . 
  a lot of the impact also comes from the investment in equipment . 
  they will need engineers to deal with the automation systems for the factory . 
  they need additional supplier for the raw materials . 
  even when you buy from foreign companies , you go through local offices which help the local economy . 
  vw spain could be buying relays from schneider electric that would also probably come from spain ( they have a factory near madrid ), 
  things are good , but unfortunately we need fantastic right now to get back to an even relatively normal situation . 
  it 's low in nominal terms , they just have a high ppp adjusted wage because the cost of living is low . 
  it seems like the parking thing is clearly a joke . 
  it looks like they were coming from the street behind them and probably just thought it was a heavily inclined slope due to angles . 
  at least around here , it 's normal to see slopes at least that steep on small town streets . 
  they would have gone straight down and now wo n't be able to go anywhere until they get a truck to help . 
  frankly it does seem strange that there is basically no barrier going straight from the street . 
  there should be some kind of bollard there for precisely this situation . 
  is this not common elsewhere ? 
  the plan to become the korea of europe is working . 
  highly educated , low wage , low cost . 
  not actively intervening to protect someone else is in no way comparable to invading and imposing your own will . 
  freedom of movement does n't exist for non-citizens . 
  you ca n't just move to another country and legally work which is one of the big objectives of an immigrant . 
  sure a few may go and work illegally , but if you offer a legitimate job versus unprotected cash work , the former is a lot more attractive . 
  source : non-citizen with no right of free movement, 
  the issue is being able to plan . 
  if you only export when there is a lot of wind or lots of sun to over saturate the market , then you do n't make that much off of it as it 's clearly in excess . 
  then you have to import at crazy prices as well as burning more fossils when there is no sun and the wind is calm not to mention lots of expensive peaker units to help load balancing . 
  prices can even go negative in germany because the grid is so desperate to offload extra production that it does n't need/want . 
  yeah , i think connecting us to the european gas grid would be a huge plus and there is still a lot to be developed in algeria . 
  it could also be interesting if gazprom bets on the south stream project ( i hear they may actually start issuing tenders soon ) as i can see a side effect of that being a relatively easy path for iranian gas to get into europe if ( as you mentioned ) they lift the sanctions . 
  the problem with lng right now is it 's just more expensive in asia and s. america so europe serves more as an intermediary these days than anything else . 
  the thing is a huge amount of the gas price depression is from fracking which i do n't think the greens pushing for this would be too keen on anyway . 
  though europe is vastly increasing lng importation capability which is a good thing . 
  i do n't know that i would bet on it being a long term trend , though . 
  although i do agree gas is better than coal for environmental reasons and i do like that they are n't reflexively against carbon producing sources if it means something better than what currently exists . 
  * us english ( native ) * spanish - grew up around a lot of latin spanish in the us and then started formally learning and then moved to spain where i am now at effectively at a c2 level ( though i refuse to pay to have them tell me that officially ) * terrible french - studied a bit in lyon .
