  if the uk stays in the european common aviation area , they will be allowed to operate within the eu under uk ownership . 
  there are non-single market countries in the ecaa right now , so it 's not that crazy . 
  but the issue is `` domestic '' services . 
  ryanair would no longer be able to operate london to edinburgh and easyjet could n't fly paris to ... well anywhere that 's not the uk . 
  this depends if they will be allowed to operate on a uk aoc . 
  basically the license of an airline . 
  there is the european common aviation area which is not the same thing as the eu and even the efta which is the single market for aviation . 
  if the uk stays in that organization , then they will be able to operate , if not they will have to change their ownership structures . 
  basically think how easyjet also has easyjet switzerland that 's a separate airline using the same brand . 
  this is all different than ownership rules . 
  but not even the uk wants out immediately . 
  that would be an unmitigated disaster . 
  it would mean people need visas just to visit schengen , international flights would lose all of their bilateral status based on european common aviation area , trade would go directly to wto tariffs , etc. . . that would cost way more than a bill worth 1.8 % of gdp . 
  the point is they ca n't be subsidized so they are owned by the state , but they are not the state . 
  it 's an important difference . 
  yeah but holding profits as cash reserves can be a good business move, 
  i fucking hate illinois nazis . 
  well yes , but i 'm saying the fact that they are not as well as they should be is the issue that should be being fixed . 
  as of right now legal gun sales in europe do n't cause a problem for crime so adding more restrictions is just a solution looking for a problem that does n't exist . 
  the problem is smuggling and i will say the law is good about making common deactivation procedures , but that 's really about where the real problems to be addressed end . 
  the rest is an issue of more police resources . 
   reduces demand , which in turn reduces production and imports . 
  the imports are already illegal . 
  the problem is smuggling . 
  it 's not like the paris attackers just went and were able to score an illegally second hand ak47 . 
  the the problem is still not legal sales within the eu , the problem is illegal smuggling . 
  i mean , how we like to forget there 's an active war zone on a country bordering schengen with a fairly easy border to smuggle things across . 
  sending boats across the med is big business , too . 
  well yes , but the issue is that the current legal protections on firearms are working . 
  the problems are from firearms that are not legal in the first place . 
  making it more difficult to get a legal gun is not addressing the real problems that do exist . 
  the point is that the people we are worried about are n't buying legal guns in the first place so making the legal guns harder to get is completely pointless . 
  it 's a law enforcement problem not a lawmaking problem . 
  they try to ... the issue is that by the time you get all the exit polls , you already have results since the west coast closes 3 hours after the east coast . 
  ( 5 hours if you want to include alaska and hawaii but they will always go republican and democratic respectively ) you also ca n't think about it as a single election , the elections are administered by each state so it 's really the sum of 51 elections ( states plus dc ) that happen on the same day but each state has its own peculiarities and rules . 
  and the state polls were n't that far off . 
  it was all within the margin of error . 
  silver had something like 70 % chance of a clinton win . 
  he was right with the info he had , something with a 30 % chance of happening is a pretty good chance of happening . 
  it 's people do n't understand probability . 
  both trump and brexit were within the margin of error of the polls , though . 
  everyone seems to ignore that . 
   as someone who does n't follow c 's very closely , why do you think that ? 
  i 've always liked him and see him as a good politician , someone serious among the clowns and confrontationists from other parties . 
  i think he 's serious and i , personally , really like and respect him but he just seems to give off too much of a * pijo/chulo * vibe that will never win over a lot of people and he tends to say things before he fully thinks them out . 
  it 's politics , even if it 's a good idea , it has to be said in the right way . 
  especially when they have arrimadas who is an obvious number 2 . 
  she 's just a lot more charismatic than he is . 
  that said , i think she 's much more important to have in catalonia right now since at this point that 's where the most talent is needed . 
  i got 26k from this source http://www.expansion.com/economia/2016/09/26/57e4f0e222601d74398b4577.html, 
  it depends if you are looking at income or wealth . 
  and assuming you count capital gains as income , the us is massively more unequal than europe . 
  obviously income and wealth are related but the intergenerational wealth of europe goes back a lot further . 
  personally , i think confusing wealth and income inequality is a huge issue as i do n't think the former is a problem but i do think too much income inequality is a problem . 
  i mean , from what i 've seen of belgian houses , they are far more likely to be detached . 
  when i think of the netherlands i think of the rows of attached brick houses that are still fairly high density . 
  i 'm willing to bet the vast majority of those houses are in small towns , too . 
  it seems that the trend is n't going to be stopping either since most people seem to aspire to new construction flats . 
  just so long as they can make it work with freedom of movement and an open border . 
  it will require ruk to give automatic visa free entry to any eu/eea country . 
  otherwise there 's a huge security gap in visa policy . 
  not an issue now , but imagine if bosnia joins soon . 
  oil is still going to be worth a fair amount of money for a long time . 
  yeah , use renewables but they 'd be stupid to not also sell their oil . 
  again ... the norway strategy . 
  well looking at spain that would be just under 16.000 $ per year in salary which is perfectly reasonable to live on in a huge part of the country . 
  i mean , that 's livable in madrid and barcelona even though would be on the tight side . 
  edit : it 's over 30k $ per year in all of denmark to be counted as `` risk of poverty '', 
   the risk of poverty , defined as having disposable income of less than 60 % of the national median that 's a meaningless statistic and does n't imply anything about actual poverty . 
  edit : in a linear income distribution , it would be 30 % , so these numbers seem pretty good . 
  honestly , i could see efta being a much better deal for them for basically the same reasons as norway ... fishing and oil . 
  sounds a lot worse than when you say top fifth earns five times as more as bottom fifth . 
  that sounds ... about as expected unless your goal is literally no income differences . 
  i could see a coalition of everyone but pp going for it . 
  the problem is that pp and c 's are about the only parties not in complete shambles right now and while c 's has some leverage to break the pact , the worst that could happen is new elections where pp would win massively again . 
  it seems clear that the left is too split to be effective at any point in the near future . 
  errej\u00f3n being gutted from podemos means they wo n't compromise anytime soon and psoe is still lost in the desert with not much promise for the future either . 
  personally , i 'm solidly in the c 's camp , but i think rivera needs to go . 
  he did a lot of good building the project but now he 's holding it back . 
  i 'd be happy for him to be a back room adviser , but not the active face . 
  us is not annexing territory through military means . 
  i mean , there 's degrees of bad and russia is actively expansionist . 
  ( and also involved in middle eastern proxy wars , too ), 
  the problem is both pp and psoe will fight forever to not change the law . 
  i think that changing from changing seats from province to autonomy would be a good compromise since it will still allow for regional parties to have a voice but will make it so other parties can actually enter into 2/3/4 seat provinces . 
  as much as i dislike podemos , i think them beating psoe could make psoe willing to compromise on the deal . 
  now the only issue is breaking pp control of the senate . 
   well , so nothing new here . 
  well in 2014 there was a lot of talk about continuing membership and it was much more important now . 
  at this point that option is right out , so it 's a lot less relevant . 
  i did n't grow up here so i wo n't know that much about the schools until i have kids ... but sounds about right to me . 
  is there a maximum amount of time ? 
  or is it time that someone dethrone belgium 's record ? 
  europe generally does n't have easy access to guns and the problem is n't legal guns . 
  the problem is black market guns and making more guns illegal does n't actually help anything with the guns that are already illegal in the first place . 
  how long does it typically take you guys to form a coalition agreement ? 
  like should you guys have a government by monday ? 
  by april ? 
  seriously ... legal guns are a very small issue at the moment . 
  dealing with better enforcing existing laws is better than just making new laws that also will have problems with enforcement .
