  and regardless of that situation , there was bound to be conflicts based on expansion . 
  and honestly , neither the us nor spain really think all that much about the other side of the spanish american war . 
  the us cares because it was when the us really came onto the scene as a global player and spain cares more about the fact that it was basically the finale of the spanish empire . 
  in spain , it 's usually just called the cuban war or the '98 disaster . 
  so i do n't think there 's really any enmity between spain and the us . 
  the history linking the us and spain is sort of a casual interest of mine for obvious personal reasons . 
  it 's more that france straight up intervened to proxy war with the british and fuck them up in n. america , especially since the french had basically gotten kicked out of n. america just 15 years earlier . 
  there were french officers helping to train the american revolutionaries and the famous arrival of the french navy at yorktown to seal the deal . 
  spain was involved but still had territory so their game was a lot more complicated in protecting cuba and the n. american continental territories . 
  of course not too long after , napoleon invades spain , takes louisiana and then sells it off to the us to fund its wars in europe which completely fucks the spanish plan . 
  i 'm an american in spain and i can say that the history classes are really big on france being the us 's oldest ally . 
  spanish influence is taught as more marginally just trying to curb british influence in n. america , focusing more on cuba and the western part of the continent that was still spanish . 
  i think that 's fairly close as france was much more directly involved . 
  then france invaded spain and fucked up all the plans . 
  if it was , it was before my time here . 
  i immigrated in 2010 . 
  spain just rejects that scotland can negotiate international trade deals since it 's not a sovereign state . 
  that seems reasonable to me . 
  westminster is free to try and negotiate that option . 
  ahh ... auchan is alcampo in spain , so that would be it . 
  this looks like alcampo , but i do n't remember there being alcampos in portugal, 
  now to completely ignore everything you say because i do n't understand a word . 
  i 'm in a cebolla/sin cebolla marriage . 
  it 's an issue . 
  i have to sacrifice the delicious juiciness of the cebolla in order to maintain peace . 
  but sometimes i 'll go fulfill my needs outside of my marriage down at the bar . 
  til graffiti wins elections . 
  but in seriousness , it 's just a loud minority . 
  galicia is pretty right wing . 
  ( pp won an absolute majority there just this year ), 
   ironically , ciudadanos is quite similar in this respect ; in the end they are a catalan party , too . 
  i mean , i do n't really see that as ironic at all . 
  they were pretty much founded to be the unionist version of cdc . 
  that 's really the only big issue they disagree on to a huge amount . 
  it 's just the most fundamental question in catalan politics so it 's not surprising that it 's enough to warrant a different party . 
  you do n't drink cruzcampo because it 's good . 
  you drink cruzcampo because it is basically water and is really good when it 's 45\u00ba outside and served ice cold . 
  this is hilarious accurate . 
  i honestly could n't tell you portugal 's pm is and i consider myself reasonably well versed in international politics . 
  i even go to portugal a fair amount ( and just speak spanish at people , as is tradition ) . 
  and yeah ... i have portuguese towels . 
  i mean , the immigrants themselves often did n't ever assimilate . 
  the real issue is accepting their children that do fully integrate . 
  and it 's hard to lump `` europe '' together on this . 
  france has some major problems with it while uk is pretty good about it . 
  i think we 're pretty good about it in spain and part of that is weirdly not having a long history of being an exporter of migrants and only changing to receiving in the last generation or so . 
  i mean , i know a guy who 's ethnically han with a french father and a french name but grew up in madrid so he speaks spanish with a local accent . 
  people will comment on that in that it 's curious , but i do n't know anyone that would think of him as not spanish . 
  i still do n't even have my citizenship here yet and people will stop me when i say i 'm not spanish ( a verifiable legal fact ) and say that sure i am since i 've lived here long enough and i have a slight but noticeable accent . 
  henrique meirelles ( brazil 's finance minister ) could actually be a good choice . 
  he came in through brazilian leftists but is actually a pretty sharp guy and deals with the reality of these things quite well . 
  it would really tamper a lot of the criticism of the imf . 
  the leader of imf is a much less ideological position than most people think , anyway and is more about technical execution . 
  of course it 's not the only improvement in agriculture , but i consider it the most important because it changed the fundamental physical limits of the amount that can be grown . 
  well , i do n't know about the us , but i would imagine italy has the same issue as in spanish ( though i do n't know italian so may be way off here ) . 
  switzerland and sweden are suiza and suecia respectively in spanish ( and the ` z ' and ` c ' make the exact same sound in this case ) . 
  so it 's really just a name 's alike issue . 
  see also the baltics , since latvia is ` letonia ' in spanish , it 's estonia/letonia/lituania which is easy to mess up . 
   yet today we pretend we `` totally do n't feel like that '' . 
  ummm ... i really honestly do n't feel that way . 
  at least not from skin tone . 
  i get that from people that are outside of a culture or whatever , but that happens anytime there are migrants or in/out groups and has nothing to do with skin-tone . 
  i have known people in spain that are plenty black/asian/whatever and fit in perfectly and nobody gives a shit . 
  there are also plenty of white people that form enclaves that do feel that way . 
  brits , germans and romanians are probably the biggest culprits in that respect , so it 's not europe vs. not europe at all . 
  you might be a racist . 
  even today there are loads of australian born ethnically asian people and i do n't think of them as any less australian . 
  ( see [ natalie tran ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/communitychannel ) as an example ) edit : it 's also particularly rich talking about it for australia as it 's a colonized country in the first place with a pretty atrocious record of dealing with the aboriginal population in the past . 
  ( which i get leads to complex problems today and they definitely have their issues ), 
  uhh ... it was n't the educated kinds of migrants leaving europe in droves at the time . 
  this is pretty blatant `` keep australia white '' propaganda . 
  i mean , considering this map was made prior to the development of the haber process ( the reaction that lets us manufacture ammonia from air which is how we make artificial fertilizers ) that seems like a pretty reasonable , if not optimistic guess . 
  human population growth is slowing and we 're probably near the top of the s-curve at this point and i believe the best estimates for total stable population are around 10 billion that we 'll probably reach around 150 years after publishing the map . 
  all in all , seems pretty close all things considered . 
  solar thermal ( the plant you showed is the gemasolar plant ) is generally more expensive on the amortization schedules you have to provide for a plant like that ( typically 20 years ) than panels . 
  that said , there are situations where it still makes a lot of sense , when you need generation capacity far from existing infrastructure . 
  this is why they are being built for the mines in s. africa and chile . 
  ( would also make a lot of sense in australia ) . 
  government intervention can actually make them a lot cheaper not by direct subsidies , but by allowing for financing over 35-40 years which is typically too long for the private market to bear at reasonable interest rates . 
  because so much of the cost is in the construction and there 's no fuel costs so generating is just o&m costs , being able to spread out the payments drastically helps the cash flow situation and makes it so you can sell much cheaper . 
  i mean , it 's perfectly reasonable to think both : 1 . 
  systemic risks and fallibility of institutions is something to worry about and there need to be reasonable checks on it 2 . 
  the populace as a whole cares more about feelings and appearances than the technical aspects of making society work which are often complex , messy , and involve real trade-offs i also think being from iceland , your perspective may be a bit different because everyone is generally pretty well educated and it 's a fairly homogenous country so you can have mature discussions about the trade-offs involved . 
  the thing i hate most is `` mr. xyz is an industry insider , why is he advising the government '' well ... it turns out people that dedicate their lives to making money in an area tend to also be the same people that are experts in that area . 
  i agree you need to look into possible conflicts of interests but that does n't mean people ca n't give honest assessments of issues even if they stand to profit from something . 
  i would argue that being able to profit means they are more interested in giving their point of view . 
  my personal example is the shit that 's going on venezuela . 
  i will probably make a ton of money from the reconstruction of their infrastructure which has n't been adequately maintained in nearly 20 years , which is exactly why i follow the situation so closely and stay involved . 
  well , yes ... people using rights based on free movement of eu citizens * could * have that status altered based on not being a part of a free movement agreement . 
  that 's very different from saying he wants to deport people , that 's acknowledging a fundamental legal reality . 
  the fact is there no reason to know what will happen and was just basically saying that you ca n't go into negotiations with foregone conclusions about how they will end up . 
   rajoy would love to deport me ??? 
  all major parties in spain are pro-immigration . 
  the biggest debate on immigration is if illegal migrants should be allowed into the social security system which should show you about where the debate is . 
   the politician that suggests doing something about that is laughed at . 
  well , i laugh at doing things that do n't actually impact air pollution . 
  lowering the speed on the highway does n't have a material effect on the amount of particulate pollution , really . 
  i love my car , but getting rid of diesels is the best plan , but they do n't want to do anything about that because the people that it would hit the hardest are their voters . 
   i do n't see western governments screaming that we must take action against these . 
  this is just not true , at least for spain .
