  there was a lot of socially progressive stances taken during that time . 
  the economic boom is heating up even more and it 's really turning into the bubble but nobody can see it . 
  people use real estate for cheap credit and to finance nice cars , other luxuries and life is very good . 
  * summer-fall 2008 : the financial crisis hits and suddenly everyone is caught with their pants down . 
  employment law means the effects are slow but the effects are like a tidal wave . 
  * 2008-2014ish : i could go into this for a long time , but like i said , the economic crisis just kept getting worse and worse . 
  unemployment gets to insane levels , people are very discontent with government , and societal institutions in general . 
  * 2010 winning the world cup and having a moment of happiness and rare national pride in the midst of all that . 
  * 2015ish-now : economic recovery is happening and slowly . 
  it was hard to see at the level of normal people on the street at first but it 's pretty clear that things are definitely getting better , even if we still have a long way to recover . 
  in the cities you see a lot fewer businesses with no occupants , more people out spending , etc. . . edit : just saw [ this article ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2017/04/25/inenglish/1493113824_209564.html ) that dovetails really nicely into this question . 
  it will go in cycles . 
  15 years ago the same system would have resulted in massive transfers from spain to germany , for example . 
  inditex will rule the world . 
  amancio ortega will be the new king . 
  yeah , our system is bad , but i 'm so glad we do n't do fptp ( even if it essentially is in some places ) . 
  it could be so much worse . 
  wow ... that 's an intense election . 
  is en marche fielding candidates for the an ? 
  i have no idea how deep their party infrastructure goes . 
  also , do you vote for parties or candidates for the legislature ? 
  another thing to consider is while right to work is important , it is easier to `` hustle '' by doing illegal work in spain . 
  especially if you are a fluent english speaker and can give english classes . 
  man , if someone actually knows the answer they can make a lot of money . 
  archie bunker is a classic character . 
  the conservative father who is fundamentally good , but also kind of racist but you love him anyway . 
  not full blown federalism . 
  maybe in the future maybe not . 
  right now my biggest desires are a big deepening of the common market and rules for operation . 
  right now it exists in theory , but it 's still a mess . 
  a banking union would be huge on my list . 
  a common banking insurance fund would be part of that . 
  my most controversial desire but one i think is the most necessary is a common pension fund and maybe even a social security fund . 
  also transfers for unemployment benefits . 
  i know this would benefit spain at the moment , but let 's not forget 15 years ago this sort of thing would have meant huge transfers from spain to germany . 
  in the end it 's to help us all function as a single market when our business cycles are n't always in sync . 
  i see a lot of romanians doing hair as well . 
  day laborers tend to be a mix of mostly romanian , moroccan and s. american . 
  migrant agricultural work is moroccans and west africans . 
  and the chinese running the convenience stores is crazy . 
  i 've seen them in some really rural places and they are apparently successful . 
  i mean [ cloud seeding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cloud_seeding ) is a thing . 
  it 's definitely a thing that happens , though not like they say . 
  http://www.expansion.com/aragon/2016/07/26/5797b6ed468aebe4448b45ee.html and it 's definitely not the chemtrail conspiracy theory about it being on all aircraft . 
  man , nobody does conspiracy theories like the russians . 
  also , the real life shady shit that is completely fucking opaque like the apartment bombing that i would still classify as a conspiracy theory but put it in the realm of `` unlikely but plausible '' and definitely has enough weird shit to raise a few eyebrows . 
  again , not always , could depend on fertilizer used and all that . 
  i mean , i support a straight carbon tax for this reason since it 's impossible and impractical to expect everyone to know life cycle analyses for every product so just incorporate the externalities into the price and the market should work . 
   youactuallycan if you live in a city , maybe . 
  if you live in a small town ... those are the people around you . 
  i know a guy who 's a priest and he 's a pretty legitimately awesome guy , so there 's that . 
  i know a few other people that actively go to mass , but yeah most people would consider themselves catholic but do n't actually do anything about it . 
  we 're starting to get into the having kids phase so i 'm curious how that will keep going . 
  baptisms are still popular even among parents that are n't all that religious . 
   buying local when i do need it . 
  this is not always the best . 
  it may very well be more energy efficient to fly fruits in from s. america compared to having to pump lots of irrigation for local production , for example . 
  the energy consumption per kg for cargo flights is surprisingly low . 
  that sounds convenient . 
   you do n't pay at the pump , which was confusing . 
  i 've only ever seen that in the us and canada . 
  i have seen some stations that have a separate automated payment kiosk in belgium and the netherlands , though . 
  edit : so wow ... this is interesting of how different it is . 
  countries i 've driven a car in : usa , canada , spain , portugal , morocco , andorra , france ( briefly and never actually got fuel ) , belgium , netherlands , thailand , oman so yeah , of those , the only ones where i saw regular pay at the pump infrastructure as the norm were us and canada . 
  like i said , i saw the kiosks in belgium and nl . 
  this is all my anecdotal experience so it could be very wrong . 
  i do n't honestly think the pp politicians are all that concerned with abortion . 
  they knew it was going to be a failure and know they need the catholic vote so rajoy wanted to make it look like they were doing something . 
  at the same time he wanted to make sure gallard\u00f3n was n't a threat from within ( he really was n't all that extreme when he ran madrid ) so he gave him enough rope to hang himself . 
  also allowed him to give a favor to fern\u00e1ndez d\u00edaz, 
  just out of curiosity , how fast is the normal flow of traffic ? 
  i mean , i do n't have a particularly high powered car but it 's good enough and with no limit i 'd probably cruise at 140-150 , so nothing crazy . 
  i thought that until i went to thailand and wanted to get pictures of so many temples . 
  now it makes sense . 
  i mean , just because the king wanted to make it , it 's still a real thing that looks cool . 
  and the history around it 's construction and ludwig 's downfall with bavaria 's integration into the german empire and all that is certainly a thing . 
  i 'd say 99 % of the time a paella . 
  first , it 's a regional dish from valencia but most of the places a tourist will go to will just make it shitty and fast so the rice is n't even done right . 
  eh , it 's cool and just because it 's not a military structure or all that old does n't make it any less `` real '' . 
  the history around it is fairly interesting , too . 
  i might grant you it 's overrated , but i liked it . 
  average margin of error in french first round polls is something like 6 or 7 % . 
  this is wide open right now . 
  just remember that whatever happens , does n't mean the polls are `` wrong '' just that people think of them as much more exact than they are . 
    while in madrid : insist on speaking english with someone who is replying to your english in spanish you realize this is almost certainly because they just ca n't , right ? 
  spaniards generally love speaking english if they actually speak it , it 's just the rate of people actually knowing the language is abysmal . 
  even among the youth . 
  yeah , i 'm definitely a european liberal but not against social safety nets at all . 
  i might be critical of a certain implementation of a program or critical of exactly how much is given , etc. . . but those are details that are easily argued in politics , i 'm definitely for some amount of government provided welfare . 
  for example , i 'm for a partially privatized medical system , but i still think there should be minimal cost at the point of use . 
  probably argentina . 
  i mean , i am an immigrant here but i know quite a few fairly conservative people and it seems to be the consensus in that group . 
  it 's not like pp voters are a fringe part of society . 
  the problem is the other side thinks they genuinely miss franco . 
  and it 's true most of them did pretty well under his system but it 's entirely possible to do well in a system but still think it 's a shitty system . 
  there 's also a fairly large group that hates franco but still think it was probably better that the republicans lost the war since spain would have likely ended up a soviet satellite state . 
  personally i do n't subscribe to that since i think hitler would have invaded to basically no resistance ( since the country was completely broken by the time blitzkrieg happened ) and occupied the country which would lead to marshall plan money after the war . 
  but that is so much in the realm of what-ifs ( would hitler have still invaded the ussr in this scenario ? 
  what would happen with the n. african front ? 
  would spain be the invasion point into the continent rather than france ? ),
