  learning that made me really appreciate how powerful visa/mc/amex are, 
  podemos was in no way ready to win any elections . 
  their problem is that because they grew so fast , their organization is very decentralized . 
  now before this election , any governing they had to do was at the local level and any compromises to form local governments tend not to be very ideological . 
  things like make sure some person is on an important board or that sort of thing . 
  but now it comes time to be serious about national governments with a significant amount of seats and it turns out that while everyone agreed on the principles from the protest movement , everyone has vastly different priorities about them . 
  some groups thought it was mostly about left-wing economics . 
  some groups thought it was mostly about anti-corruption measures . 
  the catalan wing has a referendum as a red line to negotiate . 
  other groups thought it was a socially progressive movement more than anything . 
  it 's becoming really clear that there was never any leadership to figure it out at any point and now they are so crippled by trying to negotiate what is essentially a grand pact within podemos that they can not negotiate with anyone else because that requires ceding some of your own objectives . 
  since i 'm originally from the usa , a lot of my documentation is just first name / middle name / last name so first name and middle name just get combined into one name and i 'm going to double my last name to avoid confusion . 
  so that way if someone compares with , say , my university degree there wo n't be a completely new name thrown in there . 
  heh , i have a very common irish surname and there 's only like 300 in the whole country . 
  less than 50 are citiziens ( judging by having one of two surnames ) and i 'll be the first one in the country with both surnames of mine once my citizenship goes through . 
  i want that unique dni . 
  edit : try with `` bryan '' for maximum anglo effect, 
  there were terrorists that were islamic prior but i would n't consider them jihadis . 
  i mean , plo had definite political aims as did gadaffi and hezbollah still is n't really a jihadi group even if they are muslims . 
  what if you ignore eta and the ira ? 
  not saying they are n't despicable organizations , but that internal separatism seems to be a very different animal than foreigners coming in and killing for religious reasons . 
  definitely gypsies and i find them annoying and frustrating and would n't give to them . 
  but making a spectacle out of humiliating them is really shitty . 
  ideally that 's exactly when a central bank should step in as what happened fairly quickly with the fed and the bank of england . 
  the ecb had trichet and did n't actually start bond buying until 6 years after the crisis . 
  it was almost criminally mismanaged and was under pressure from the germans and dutch to be that way . 
  that 's pretty much why i resent their hegemony . 
  the whole conflict is like a youtube comments argument of geopolitics . 
  spain actually did the responsible thing to drastically lower debt to gdp during the boom years in order to be able to ramp up borrowing if it was necessary . 
  well , it was necessary and we were rewarded with a crisis in confidence of the national debt and rates at unsustainable levels . 
  lesson learned : being responsible just gets you punished, 
  okay . 
  since this is often trotted out here 's the simple version . 
  nobody 's sovereignty is being impugned . 
  they are absolutely free to not joint the club . 
  however , if you want into the free trade club , you have to follow the rules . 
  how do you deal with laws that may be discriminatory against the rules of the trade agreement ? 
  because of the first point , courts of a country just rule if something is legal according to the national laws . 
  that 's their job . 
  something can be legal on a national level but violate the international agreement so you need an independent panel to judge . 
  the panels are generally 1 arbitrator appointed by each side and one that they agree on mutually so it 's hardly that biased . 
  it 's just a different philosophy in that whatsapp is essentially tied to the physical device where that number is registered . 
  just like you ca n't register the same number on multiple devices . 
  i 've only ever personally seen line in the wild in thailand . 
  apparently it 's big all around asia , though . 
  it 's why i feel like such an asshole in portugal . 
  if i ca n't use english , i just speak at people and do n't care what they say back because i wo n't understand but they understand me pretty well . 
  i have a tab of this open at work all day . 
  it looks better than being on my phone . 
  this argument is always the same . 
  being from the us i will just say , differences in governments between states are generally more than differences within countries of the eu ( well , probably pretty similar to between the countries of the uk ) but much less than between member states of the eu . 
  it 's stupid to try and compare them either way . 
  there is currently an effective limited freedom of movement of educated workers between mexico , us and canada through tn visas . 
  remember puerto ricans are full us citizens as well so they have the full right to live and work anywhere in the us , too . 
  and that does certainly impact local areas where they settle . 
  excluding puerto rico , differences between 50th and 1st state for gdp per capita is that last place mississippi is about half of first place maryland . 
  those movements do provoke quite a bit of movement between states as well . 
  that said , the uk is in a unique position as being the beneficiary of having english be the de facto lingua franca of europe and most of the world 's business so it leads to people learning english . 
  well eu countries that speak english are uk , ireland and malta and just by pure population numbers the uk dominates that list . 
  so because of the lucky break it is a disproportionate destination for migrants , though i would say it 's still a net positive for the uk . 
  all in all , the point being that comparing the us to the eu for `` diversity '' is stupid as they are fundamentally very differently organized and have quite different histories . 
   this should be in all capital letters , no ? 
  it 's a difference between uk and us english . 
  uk english only capitalizes the first letter of an acronym . 
  so you have ` nafta ' , ` nato ' , ` bafta ' , etc. . . 
  within spain , good english is a big plus in salary . 
   anyone who does business in spain knows basic english for a very generous definition of basic . 
   and one that almost blurs the lines of a dialect and a language with portuguese yeah ... this is n't true at all, 
  i do n't know how the us fra will relate to the california hsr . 
  i suspect they may be able to claim it lacks jurisdiction since it will be entirely intra-state and be entirely separate tracks . 
  part of my company is working on it , but it 's not my division so i have no idea . 
  i 'm more interested in how it works long term rather than what day-traders and hft computers think . 
  heh , we get the same thing here . 
  unemployment is sky high and social services are costing money while the economy recovers but borrowing costs are at historic lows . 
  too bad , lower the deficit anyway . 
  i 'm all for minimum deficits in boom times , but it 's not like we are in crisis anymore . 
  the basic idea is to make less risky investments return less than they naturally would so people change how much risk they are willing to take in investing their money . 
  this is a really shitty thing to do on an individual level , but over the whole economy it works out well by forcing money to find new ways to grow . 
  they want to force the opposite of the savings paradox , in short . 
  yeah , the ratings failed before so what do we do . 
  not rate debt ? 
  it 's an extraordinary measure , that 's for sure but i do see the logic in really trying to shift the acceptable risk for private money . 
  well , pre-euro italy was known for steep devaluations that were a help for the situation but probably not the best in terms of long-term stability . 
  it also picks a time that germany had exceptional growth and compares it to that growth . 
  germany was pretty weak around 2000 and the crisis has actually helped put germany in a better position so it seems like a weird benchmark to compare to . 
  history aside . 
  these days monarchism is generally a left vs. right thing or a separatism vs. unionism thing . 
  ( and those two do n't always match ) . 
  personally , i 'd be a republican in theory but i kind of like the idea of having a competent person from outside the political spectrum as head diplomat and head of state . 
  i actually think he 's being pretty good about the deadlock we have going on right now , at least as far as his role is concerned . 
  and yes , he is making actual decisions about nominating people to form governments or not doing so as may be appropriate . 
  i believe it , the issue is that when you have that many people , it just goes on for ever and ever . 
  compared to a place like indanapolis which is pure sprawl it is obviously more dense . 
  he wanted an eli5 version and it absolutely makes holding cash as a business a lot less attractive . 
  and it will affect how banks hold their money all in the same general idea . 
  usually it has to be investment grade debt . 
  so it will basically have to be from big companies that you have definitely heard of . 
  they had been buying bank bonds and government bonds . 
  now they are going to be buying straight up corporate bonds issued by european companies . 
  tl ; dr ; carrefour will owe the ecb $ $ $,
