   spain isnt uhh ... i 'm applying to naturalize in spain and give up my us citizenship . 
  well , and for tax purposes . 
  meaning the revenue goes to you guys . 
  and there are plenty of big basque companies that operate in the rest of spain on a huge basis . 
  kutxabank , eroski , gamesa just off the top of my head . 
  madrid is the ~ ~ biggest ~ ~ highest altitude capital city in the eea . 
  and even higher than switzerland . 
  edit : autocorrect, 
   what would the disadvantages be ? 
  well , we could find ourselves out of the eu and unable to get back if spain blocks us and that would be very detrimental for our economy , which is based on the exportation of industrial products . 
  i would add that the basque economy is massively based on integration in the rest of spain . 
  bbva/iberdrola/petronor losing the rest of the spanish market would be a huge disadvantage . 
  i personally work for a basque company in madrid . 
  you 're confusing immigration with tsa ... do n't worry , you have to go through the tsa line after you do the immigration line . 
  honestly , i think uk is generally worse for security lines , so meh . 
  actual details of funding are a long way from being decided . 
  the airport paying for it is a valid criticism for ams as it 's mostly public owned . 
  but heathrow ( which is obviously the biggest deal in this plan ) is private . 
  so i mean , a private business can spend how they want . 
  our case is significantly more complicated as the public airport authority has a significant minority private ownership . 
  it 's essentially a for-profit public company ( i would prefer they just let airports privatize , but that 's for another debate ) . 
  but yeah ... it 's definitely a case by case issue so do n't externalize anything that my be true at schipol to all airports . 
  i only ever use t2 , but i always thought that they got their design inspiration from `` a clockwork orange '' and then decided to make it less convenient . 
  well now that ei is also likely to be iag , all of their hubs would have the preclearance with this plan . 
  though i still seriously doubt lhr . 
  it 's probably the most beneficial , but also the most challenging . 
  nobody will decide to go to the us because of this . 
  it would certainly impact my choice of how to get to the usa . 
  especially on a business ticket which is where the airlines really make their money . 
  guessing either mia or jfk t7 . 
  because even the us government considers having to actually go to cdg every day torture . 
   to more practicle objections like : what if everyone were to do this . 
  have a hundred different preclearance booths set up ? 
  well ... if the us government wants to pay for it ... sounds good to me . 
  i imagine the european posts will be very desired by the border officers as well . 
  it 's exceedingly rare , with the exception of the schengen area to not have border checks between countries . 
  this is for full-on immigration , not security screening . 
  it means that the us * will * trust security screening since you essentially land as a domestic flight ( walk right out into the departure area ) . 
  eh , it makes my life more convenient . 
  it would also make iberia a more attractive option to fly to the us as it means you do n't have to deal with the craziness of immigration there . 
  you can be guaranteed that the officer speaks spanish as well . 
  ( though there 's already a super high probability ) , but my mil had that problem entering as she does n't speak a word of english . 
  the problem with lhr is the sheer number of us flights across all terminals . 
  i mentioned elsewhere but the idea is to extend the t5 ( and now t2 ... t1 is next ) toast rack all the way across and make one of the piers exclusive for the us flights with pre-clearance all in one place there . 
  none of this can happen until the future of london airports is decided though through a third lhr runway or lgw expansion or boris island . 
  not going into that debate which is a thread on its own , but the uncertainty basically means nobody will invest in the massive costs of improvements until they know it will be around awhile . 
  all of the airports with lots of connections to the us , but of the list , lhr , ams , and ist in particular have the problem of lots of third country nationals in transit that have the possibility of being refused entry into the us and may not have a proper local visa either . 
  i do n't actually know how much of an issue it really is , but if you just put the burden on the airline anyway , they get really good at checking documents via the timitac readout at check-in . 
  aside from the people that have to build it ... not really . 
  it has to be us officers manning the posts . 
  that said , the money helps local airports and even if it 's negligible , having them living here with good salaries paid by a foreign government is never bad . 
  the lhr master plan is basically to extend the t5 toast rack all the way across . 
  that 's why t2 is how it is . 
  the idea is to make one of the racks exclusively for us and add pre-clearance at that point . 
  that said , all of this is depending on what the hell happens with the the airport expansion question . 
  nobody is willing to finance anything if they 'll just go build boris island . 
  this is great news . 
  though i have some questions of how it would work at madrid since us flights currently depart from two separate terminals . 
  abu dhabi has it . 
  also , it 's often done to get a worker working later rather than having to pay to hire someone else . 
  i do business with a company in vilvoorde that relocated from south of brussels . 
  it 's such a crazy mix of languages when you walk in that door . 
  i would say it 's about the same as any other country . 
  i 'm sure i could go to england and find someone that likes to take an afternoon nap . 
  the difference is that in a unitary state the powers exist in the central government until they are devolved whereas in a federal state the powers are defaulted to the sub-divisions unless specifically mentioned elsewhere . 
  i would prefer a full federation with everyone on equal footing . 
  as it is now , not every autonomous region has the same powers and it 's just kind of done on a case by case basis . 
  the cabo de gata area of almer\u00eda has a lot of foreign artists . 
  kind of , but it 's more amorphous blocs rather than the organized parties with defined leaders . 
  sometimes it 's more defined than others ( like there was definitely the ron paul crowd a few years back ) , but it 's usually just various lobbying groups rather than full on parties . 
  well , in fairness that means the primary audience will be american which has a hard enough time understanding multi party systems . 
  i do n't think most people get the whole multi party coalition thing to get more votes as a bloc . 
  not saying us readers are dumb , it 's just completely irrelevant to their lives . 
  i similarly have to explain how the us government works to a lot of people here when things come out about random craziness . 
  do n't you guys have the structure to basically have crazy mortgages and then essentially `` save '' by paying off more of the mortgage ? 
  excluding real estate is a pretty big deal here . 
  owning a property outright is like the ultimate middle class goal here . 
  book syrio is tv gendry . 
  still rowing ... 
  are you saying greece is syrio because ... uhh ... you might want to keep watching . 
  if there is a mutiny c 's could suck up a lot of people that just care about business and do n't care about any of the social side of thing and leave the pp as just the catholic base . 
  they need to be really careful right now . 
  i was shocked that she just came right out and said she would support a psoe led mayor . 
  talk about laying all your cards on the table . 
  i said monday it was way too soon to count carmena as mayor and we 'll see how it goes . 
  rajoy basically has to go now as you ca n't really survive having senior officials start to question if you should even be there . 
  i have always said that rivera has more leverage to actually make change than iglesias despite the latter getting much more attention . 
  the problem is unless you are for a tax on revenues rather than profits ( an insane , albeit honest position ) then it starts to get really complicated about what exactly is a profit . 
  you can really tell the origin of the new parties in their conditions for pacts and why i am so much more in favor of ciudadanos than podemos . 
  ciudadanos has a lot of people coming from business and organizational management and has specific , actionable requirements . 
  things like open primaries , 8 year term limits and things like that . 
  ( granted a few of the other ones are a bit more subjective , but still pretty clear ) podemos comes from academia and have fewer conditions but they are things like `` have zero tolerance for corruption '' and `` end austerity '' . 
  like that 's great , but they are completely subject to interpretation of leadership at any given moment . 
  put simply , power corrupts , and without extreme specifics to combat the issue other than saying it needs to stop , podemos will become just as corrupt . 
  because the eu economy is recovering and the better it 's doing the more likely uk votes to stay in . 
  let 's hope there 's some sort of resolution for greece by then , as well . 
  ( though it 's been 7 years so far so who knows ) remember , cameron supports staying in . 
  generally that group is pretty catholic and that group tends not be as crazy in regards to these sorts of issues . 
  do n't confuse them with the hardcore evangelical types . 
  they 'll probably even have to fly economy on the extradition flight .
