  this has been a trend going on for a long time and predates obama . 
  the uncertainty itself undermines the alliance . 
  i 'm from a poor , white , midwestern area . 
  those people just would never vote for a democrat . 
  the primaries are one thing , but voting republican is a cultural thing now in those areas . 
   politicians lie to get in office all the time . 
  while true , most politicians actually deliver on most of their promises . 
  the point of an alliance based on deterrence is making sure your opponent knows you will respect it . 
  trump has explicitly said he wo n't say if he would respond to an attack in the baltic states . 
  the us would n't withdraw from nato , but anyone who does n't think nato is not fundamentally based on the us military is delusional to operational capacities . 
  http://www.rand.org/blog/2015/03/stop-putins-next-invasion-before-it-starts.html i misremembered ... it was to the polish border . 
  and rand is pretty respectable . 
  bernie would have done even worse . 
  hillary 's problem was low turnout from minorities and she was way more popular with black and latino voters compared to sanders . 
  it 's not really mentioned on reddit but pro-sanders was mostly a white movement . 
  joe biden would have swept this , though . 
  rudy giuliani and chris christie leading the transition . 
  america is going to get a dose of true authoritarianism . 
   in the curent state of the russian army , europe can stand its ground , even without the usa support . 
  in lots of simulations , russian armor gets as far as the german border before europe can even begin to fucking deal with it . 
  that 's why there is american armor in the baltics . 
  it would n't happen . 
  civil leadership of the military is sacred . 
  though they probably would refuse to follow illegal orders . 
  to unilaterally undo it . 
  it 's exactly what iran wants because their hardliners want an excuse to get out of it and continue nuclear development . 
  not just schengen area , but anywhere in the eea . 
  even the uk for the time being , at least . 
  if you can get a working visa for spain , you are eligible to apply for citizenship after two years of residence . 
  the usa is no longer fully committed to nato . 
  that 's massive . 
  and they specifically said the biggest issue was going to be a systematic failure rather than a single fuck-up . 
  the lesson is it 's really fucking hard to figure out participation of populists . 
  europe needs to deal with its dependence on the us military immediately . 
  i 'm curious what will happen with the us armored brigades in the baltics . 
  oh , and my job is a bit precarious and involved in global trade . 
  i 'm likely going to lose my job within the next year , then . 
  i 'm against populism in all forms , but multi-party coalitions generally neuters it quite a bit . 
  if there 's a protest in madrid , i 'm going to go in a coat and tie . 
  i 'm actually generally a right wing voter , but this is just saddening . 
  interesting that currency is flowing to eur and gbp is only marginally benefitting . 
  i do n't recognize my homeland anymore . 
  i seriously have a tear in my eye from this . 
  spain needs to hurry up with my citizenship . 
  getting the picadilly line from heathrow will never not make me laugh . 
   they become permanent residents of the eu first off ... one becomes a permanent resident after 5 years of legal residency . 
  second , eu residency is n't a thing . 
  residency rights are still granted by the member states . 
  for example , i 'm a non-citizen resident in spain , this means i have the right to live and work in spain but no right of free movement around the eu . 
  even with permanent residency , free movement rights are pretty limited . 
  so your entire premise is flawed ... they are , indeed , going to work illegally in germany . 
  walk through any immigrant neighborhood in europe and look at how many moneygram signs there are . 
  i sympathize but in a tricky situation ca n't you just go to a restaurant and have them make you a pur\u00e9e to feed a baby ? 
  it 's stupid and should n't be that way but that seems like it would work . 
  which is the same thing as someone voluntarily working on sunday in europe ? 
  til an employment contract is literally the same thing as being kidnapped and forced to work through threat of violence . 
  in madrid , every corte ingl\u00e9s is open every day . 
  we even have 24 hour carrefour supermarkets in the city . 
  yes much better to not work at all and get no pay . 
  many do not choose to do so . 
  it 's a big problem . 
  especially when thinking of how to care for children . 
  my wife used to be forced to take 2 hours for lunch . 
  until you realize it 's to make you work longer hours . 
  i consider myself lucky because i get 30 minutes , it means i can leave earlier . 
  this depends where you are . 
  in madrid most things are open . 
  they changed the law a few years ago and now lots of stuff is open . 
  about the only big company i know of that does n't open sunday here is mercadona . 
  i mean ... it 's not like i can just speak spanish naturally and a portuguese person will understand me . 
  think of it how like between english and german there are a lot of words that sound alike ( hund = hound , swin = swine , volk = folk , etc. . . ) going full speed you are n't going to be able to convey meaning . 
  it 's not like if you drop a brazilian in madrid that they could just understand what 's going on with no problems . 
  but ... if you go slow the grammar is mostly the same and you can then generally make out the words . 
  also because of the similarity of vocabulary and grammar , you can learn each language with just a few months of intense study since it 's inherently intuitive . 
  like i said , it 's hard to express to someone who only speaks english exactly how it works . 
  if you know how german and dutch work , i get the impression it 's similar to that . 
  i honestly do n't know know the details of masen 's arrangements . 
  i can say it 's competitive , but i 'm not in a position to say anything about concrete costs . 
  i will say that one of the biggest issues with the cost concentrated solar is the amortization schedule . 
  since so much of the cost is the initial capex , your financing schedule is much more of a factor in costs compared to conventional plants that are cheaper to build but have continuing fuel costs . 
  o&m costs are generally low and typically the plants are amortized over 20-25 years . 
  if these payback periods can be extended to 35-40 years ( a perfectly reasonable amount of time to operate a plant like this ) the costs would plummet , even if the financing costs a few percent more . 
  i am familiar with the project and can answer some basic technical questions if anyone has them . 
  i mean , if you 're goal is simply to understand the most people , maybe . 
  but portuguese is still another language and it is n't useful with spanish speakers and spanish is n't useful to portuguese speakers . 
  these things exist on a continuum and it 's hard for people who only speak english to really get the idea of mutual intelligibility while still be separate languages since english is fairly isolated . 
    ukip will never go for economically left wing policies . 
  they are very much economically liberal . 
  that was the main reason alongside sovereignty why they wanted out of the eu . 
  trump should be a lesson in how economic populism can tap into the old industrial union bases . 
  yeah , they were never as leftist in america , but those old union workers that were democrats till death are turning to right wing populism because of its opposition to globalization . 
  you probably generate way more than 100 $ per year in ad clicks in searches . 
  5-10 $ per click is n't crazy for local businesses and for specialty stuff like lawyers , it can be something like 50 $ per click . 
  and that 's just adwords, 
  with the clusterfuck that is the current government , i actually have hope that there will be a grand pact ( at least between psoe , pp and c 's ) for an education law . 
  because of the different parties , it 's likely to take years to negotiate but it could be one that lasts for decades again . 
  using lcc 's for connections is one of the new models for european airlines . 
  but again , niki is under air berlin which is absolutely ruined financially and has done pretty much everything wrong so do n't take too much of a lesson from them . 
  i know nothing of the flight in the op but the point of the bts-vie route was connecting passengers . 
  it 's a lot easier to do security , luggage , etc. . . at the smaller airport for not that much more money .
