  i would n't trust them to more than a + / - 3-4 % which is a massive margin in this climate . 
  it 's all kind of pointless at this point as we 'll just wait and see . 
  i have said that just transitioning to allocating by autonomies rather than province would be a massive step . 
  yeah the middle of the country that 's not madrid is empty , but the castillas are huge so it would work out . 
   you need to show id when boarding any flight anyway , so that 's nothing new . 
  this generally is n't a government policy . 
  it 's usually set by the airlines and i know lufthansa does n't check . 
  they do n't look like vans here . 
  the word is literally `` funeral car '' here . 
  the regional parties tend to do well in places that are already pretty populated like catalonia , basque country , galicia , canaries , etc. . . 
  it 's provinces like zamora , soria , teruel , palencia , ja\u00e9n and similarly empty places that are the issue and essentially free gifts to the big parties . 
  i think just making it distributed by autonomy would be a massive difference . 
  if you can force a free vote you might even get a lot of support from traditional parties because it would strengthen traditional parties in some single province autonomies like cantabria or la rioja . 
  i honestly ca n't see it heading that high . 
  i would n't be surprised if there are going to be new election in catalonia soon because of how badly the post regional election shit has been managed . 
  if anything the high point was the elections in september because it has been a clusterfuck since then . 
  seeing as how a temporary visa is still valid for all of schengen . 
  not really . 
  also , it appears to only be on that one train line . 
  it 's definitely an important link , but it not like all planes landing at arn will be subject . 
  i could also see a grand coalition against podemos . 
  basically all three parties get some ministers and rajoy goes for soraya as president . 
  i think no matter what happens it 's going to be something fairly creative that will reflect the different landscape and not just a simple a+b coalition that everyone seems to be insisting must happen . 
  my prediction is psoe+c 's facilitated by an abstention by podemos ( and maybe a few other parties with only a few seats ) it kind of gives everyone a little bit of what they want . 
  psoe likes to try and get votes from traditionally more older leftist people but they are pretty liberal at heart these days and having c 's lets them get away with that with no questions asked . 
  c 's will absolutely not pact with pp . 
  they mention the error or the lib dems in the uk in pacting with the tories there and how it was their death . 
  they do n't want to be seen as pp light and see their long term survival as dependent on not pacting with pp in the generals . 
  podemos gets to have their finger on the trigger to blow up a government and gets to continue using general discontent to keep support and not have to worry about fixing anything . 
  yeah ... it 's weird . 
  he 's also a native esperanto speaker . 
  that 's the weirdest part about him . 
  edit : i 'm not making a judgement about it , but that there 's only a few hundred in the whole world and that one happens to be a massively influential billionaire is weird . 
   this is all well and good , but youth unemployment is still near 13 % that 's adorable . 
  and a really good number in general . 
  it 's always tough to start out but starting now in the uk is a really good environment to do it . 
  you 're going to be dead before you fucking reach kiev . 
  i still really like this movie , it actually holds up pretty well as a solid b movie . 
  entertaining and slightly thoughtful but nothing extraordinary . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/pfqpotmsgrs?t=2m39s ), 
  it 's a lot easier to make people answer a stupid question than go and alter the laws about due process for these sort of procedures . 
  esta has nothing to do with eu and everything to do with being not a us citizen . 
  ( well canadians are excepted ), 
  since it appears to be at a book market , i would assume it 's referring to a novel . 
  i actually kind of love these threads where the english goes over people 's heads , it 's always a useful reminder that you should pass things by a native , or at least very capable speaker as a proof read . 
  `` i disagree with you therefore i really hope you wo n't be able to voice your opinion because that would be allowing fascism . '', 
  the hypocrisy is strong . 
  spain is different !, 
  honestly , i always said i 'd be for upyd on paper except that i hate upyd so i rather like c 's . 
  i make no secret of being fairly liberal , though . 
  but seriously rosa d\u00edez is a terrible person . 
  all fair . 
  but i want to be able to say i called it . 
  but does huesca really vote that different from zaragoza to make it unfair ? 
  especially as it would add more seats to be distributed . 
  does teruel even exist ? 
  i figured i might as well go out and give my prediction as well . 
  at the end of the day i think it will be a psoe-c 's coalition allowed for by a a podemos abstention . 
  it 's an inherently unstable government and probably wo n't last past the first major controversy but i think it 's the most likely answer . 
  for as much as psoe likes to talk , they are pretty fundamentally liberal at their base and a c 's coalition would allow them that as they are pretty uncomfortable when trying to wear the classic leftist hat . 
  rivera has also said that he wants to avoid being nick clegg so he will do anything to avoid pacting with pp at this point in order to grow the party . 
  podemos gets to see rajoy out and have their finger on the trigger to blow up the government whenever they want . 
  psoe is by far the dominant party in andaluc\u00eda though pp often wins in almer\u00eda . 
  realistically the answer to how it will impact your life in the short term is about labor law . 
  if you are n't working on a spanish contract or self-employed in the spanish system the effect will be minimal for the time being . 
  medium term it can certainly impact the overall state of the economy . 
  it honestly has n't even been an issue in the campaign . 
  i imagine it will be repealed because everyone but pp is against it , but realistically it 's a low priority . 
  americans do tend to get lumped into it as i am one , but yeah , i am very pale so that 's part of it . 
  now would be a perfect time for a new party to force the issue of the electoral law . 
  i doubt they could get national d'hondt into place , but i think a good compromise for now is to move the allocation from the province to the autonomy level . 
  my biggest issue of his `` rookie mistake '' was the domestic violence thing . 
  i fully agree with him but he should have said `` augment the protections for all cases of domestic violence as right now gay couples and abuse against the elderly are excluded because of the gendered nature of the law '' . 
  i agree that the law is probably too heavily skewed and based solely on male on female violence but he went about that one very haphazardly especially when the biggest weakness is that they appear cold in the first place . 
  i mean , all in all , they have done a great job and i will even say have forced podemos to be a bit more sane and less pure anger ( even though i am still very much not for them ) . 
  rather unfortunately , pp really does have the strongest campaign pitch in being `` the devil you know '' . 
  ` todos ' i would say by trying to have people repeat the words `` tow those '' really fast . 
  the sound of the ` r ' i have heard taught by saying ` pot ' o tea ' really quickly to get the ` r ' . 
  other than pp coming in first , i do n't know what to think . 
  personally , i feel that we basically have to accept these ranges because the pollsters just do n't have enough experience to truly get likely voters for a high turnout election like this as well as not getting how well to handle a multiparty scenario so much . 
  i suspect that because of that , c 's and podemos will overperform while pp and psoe will underperorm . 
  i do n't have a vote so i ca n't say i changed my mind but i went into the campaign having some sympathy and basically being someone as undecided between c 's and psoe and pedro s\u00e1nchez really made me turn negative toward psoe . 
  their main plus is being not pp , but in this environment it 's just not enough . 
  the proposals are pandering to the point of ludicrousness ( gender equality does n't mean 50 % of workers are female ) and he ruined the image he could have had as being someone to regenerate the old party . 
  my personal biases definitely show here , but i 'm pretty much the exact mold of what you would expect for someone for c 's . 
  basically the young liberal set . 
  while i agree with him , rivera is a really bad debater and has had some really rookie mistakes this time around . 
  i think for both podemos and c 's to have staying power it will depend entirely on how well they can manage to maintain coherent with the leaders stepping down . 
  it 's how to make the party work in the long term but neither is ready to survive without iglesias/rivera at the moment , though i do see podemos having a much harder time with it simply due to the crazy way they structured the heirarchy . 
  it 's definitely closer to an english 'd ' than an english ` r ' . 
  it 'd be softer than a regular english 'd ' though . 
  basically you make the sound with the flat part of your tongue rather than the tip of your tongue as you do in english . 
  i do n't know ipa so if someone wants to use that , great , but i wo n't understand it . 
  `` guiri '' in the title ( pronounced gee-dee ) is just spanish slang for an english speaking foreigner . 
  ( hence my flair ) this is a good summary of the landscape going into what looks to be an election that could fundamentally shift the spanish political dynamic . 
  we wo n't really know for a few years if the new parties have staying power , but the landscape is definitely changed for this election and looks to be long lasting . 
  edit : some additional thoughts by me . 
  polls are interesting and may be good at showing trends but it seems that there is going to be huge turnout for this election which makes predictions unreliable at best . 
  in addition to this , specifically with podemos , their lists are fairly complicates as they are running as various unitary lists by autonomy and those partner parties have had some success as well . 
  i agree but there would definitely be a market for it , especially if it were an all premium configuration .
