  it 's the same thing as the eu , anyone who does n't like an ecj ruling is free to ignore it , they just also have to withdraw from the eu . 
  that you do n't like the consequences of following the rules to be in a club does not mean you get to ignore those consequences and stay in the club , though . 
  so do you also oppose ceta ? 
  and there wo n't be anything stopping them . 
  what * would * be illegal if there were some sort of special provision for british american tobacco in uk regulation to protect british jobs or something . 
  and they would be absolutely right in saying that sort of thing is wrong . 
  i got `` evicted '' once . 
  it was weird because we were renting and the landlady would n't pay the bank even though we were always current on rent . 
  i did manage to live for about 5 months rent free while the legal proceedings were going on , so that was pretty nice . 
  of course i did n't try to stay and assert squatter rights or anything because i had plenty of options to just go live somewhere else . 
  russia always plays zerg . 
  if we are saying likely to encounter i would stay with you with the boar ( jabal\u00ed ) . 
  animals that are much less common but definitely exist . 
  wolves , bears , lynx also , i do n't think it 's fatal but that fish that makes the unbearable pain in the atlantic seems pretty shitty , too . 
  there are cases where this is true . 
  there are also cases where it is a flagrant violation . 
  guess what side the mob at calais is on ? 
  august through around november/december is slow season at the spanish fences with morocco ( do n't want to cross the sahara in summer ) but you really think the people literally climbing fences to avoid detection are not filing paperwork on time . 
  granting residency and visas is not a universal right with the exception of true refugees and there are limits to that as well . 
  most of africa is n't so dangerous as to warrant asylum due to conflict anymore . 
  i 'm an immigrant myself . 
  i had to leave for a time due to my visa expiring . 
  i do n't have that much sympathy and europe just simply can not allow anyone who wants in . 
  i 'm all for collaborative economic development efforts that will help everyone . 
  i think the eu should take the chinese approach to africa and sponsor investments in their infrastructures and other aspects . 
  this helps people have more opportunity in their homeland and lowers migratory pressures while at the same time helping european companies that would build it . 
   our public sanity is very good sanidad = health system sanity = cordura i question our public sanity , but the public health system is great . 
  somehow with afghanistan/former soviet union/rest of eastern bloc between eu and pakistan , i do n't think it 's all that necessary to go that far east to source the material . 
  it 's even easier with an id card . 
  oh and everyone bitches when we try to send them back . 
  we could make frontex a real agency with real power for a start . 
  the us has the cbp and has helicopters/drones/foot patrols monitoring the border . 
  there is also a streamlined justice procedure to process and deport anyone caught back to mexico . 
  speaking from spain 's perspective here and the people coming from morocco , it 's not exactly a dangerous country and it 's perfectly fine to send people back to the country they illegally entered from . 
  it 's even more clear cut on this side of the med that it 's not about asylum at all . 
  i do n't actually fault the migrants as if i were in their shoes , i would do the same thing . 
  it 's our own fault for making it a good decision and just accepting an illegal entry . 
  that 's why so many are at calais ? 
  france is n't exactly a warzone . 
  within schengen , it 's an airline by airline policy . 
  many make you do it because they can be held liable in the event of a random check and also can give them a reason to deny you your service with no refunds ( it 's well established that it 's the passenger 's responsibility to have legal rights in order ), 
  i 'm with you . 
  it 's kind of insane how many attacks you get for being a liberal around here . 
  got back to work this week from holiday . 
  everything was , of course , falling apart . 
  a last minute trip came up but someone was already near there for unrelated reasons and i got a one week extension on the big pressure thing i had to come back to . 
  all in all ... pretty decent . 
  the trick is to go really fast to catch the low cost flight at the outer airports . 
  you guys collaborate to make sure there is excessive tolling on motorways in both places . 
  it really is a curious sort of place and interesting as a geographical oddity . 
  it depends a lot on where you live . 
  i live in madrid and it 's pretty much a business relationship . 
  barcelona deals with a lot of stag parties and annoying tourism but it generates a lot of money . 
  it 's more valencian but i ate paella yesterday . 
  i also have a ham leg in my kitchen and have some almost every day . 
  in madrid it will get you a nice 3 bedroom in a medium income neighborhood that is a bit away from the city center . 
  it can get you a decent 1 or maybe 2 bedroom in the center . 
  of course you can sacrifice quality in the flat or the neighborhood for more size . 
  pensioners and people on holiday . 
  an irishman will be here soon enough to correct you . 
  why i like rural vacations . 
  everyone else is even more relaxed than me and it forces a bit of the madrid out of me . 
  i often go to portugal because it 's cheaper than spain . 
  also they do n't get indignant when i speak spanish there . 
  it 's been for real for awhile and the corporate world is doing very well . 
  the problem is it takes time for that impact to be felt in wider society but it 's happening . 
  the true rich do n't make `` income '' they are paying capital gains . 
  and i can personally say that comparing my wife 's payslip and mine at the start of the year , the one making less had a higher percentage increase in income . 
  i do n't like the pp , but the attitude that it 's impossible for anything good to happen from a pp government seems absolutely insane to me . 
   as for the pensions , i remember both the banks bailout ( especially bankia ) and interests of our public debt emissions have swallowed those savings several times . 
  i agree it was handles shitty , but the fact that we got rid of the cajas is a positive step even if the state had to eat the losses . 
  and we have yet to see what will happen with respect to bankia with the rato investigation . 
   the verdict on the reforms and their impact is mixed , however . 
  rafael dom\u00e9nech , an economist at bbva , spain 's second-biggest bank , argues that they help to explain why spain has been doing better than other countries on the periphery such as italy . 
  he estimates that if the labour-market reforms had been in place during the crisis , unemployment would have peaked at 20 % rather than 26 % , sparing a third of the rise in the jobless rate . 
   but juan jos\u00e9 toribio of the iese business school in madrid counters that the source of the recovery has not been structural reforms but rather the adjustments forced upon businesses and workers in coping with the severe recession , in particular through lower wages . 
  he also attaches importance to the clean-up of the banks , which was facilitated by a european bail-out of spain 's struggling financial sector in the middle of 2012 . 
  why are they talking like these are opposing claims ? 
  there is no exclusivity at all between these two points and it 's likely both are true . 
  you guys are basically south galicia , but with better pastries . 
  i 'm originally from the us and speak english with a very native slightly rural indiana accent despite having lived in madrid for years now . 
  i am also about as white as they come . 
  when i 'm back in the us i always hear quite a few interesting random spanish comments . 
  the job of indefinite length is just a way to define the contract . 
  they can still get rid of you , they just have to pay an indemnisation after 6 months of time based on how long you worked for them . 
  honestly , it 's better than getting people sitting at home or working under the table . 
  i think a lot of these contracts were sorely needed for a long time and people would work that way de facto , just unrecognized by the law and so would n't pay taxes or have it work for their benefit for unemployment . 
  yes , but if you read the article , it 's still good , even seasonally adjusted . 
  also why saying the best july in nearly 20 years is also important . 
  the trends in spain are very positive at this point . 
  a lot of people will absolutely refuse to admit that anything can get better under pp leadership . 
  personally i would n't vote for them ( still working on citizenship so i have no vote ) and i think they have mismanaged a lot but also that some of the reforms they passed have certainly has a positive effect . 
  but spanish people tend to have a hard time thinking that whatever group they do n't belong to is not pure evil and wants to destroy the society . 
  not really . 
  it 's mostly limited to major corporations as the margins on consumer credit are enough that slight tweaking of daily interbank lending would n't affect those rates enough to matter all that much . 
  if you are referring to the effects of the financial crisis as a whole , this is a completely different case . 
  also , is n't it something like every front line soldier needs at least 4 or 5 people as support staff ? 
  even if you say `` no infantry for women '' , there 's still plenty of room for it to work out well . 
  i think it would be very likely . 
  a lot of people are basically waiting for someone it affected and who would be willing to go through the process of the challenge .
