  also , trump has the most weirdly tailored clothes . 
  i get the fact he does n't want to show that he 's actually quite fat , but i think it looks worse trying to hide it rather than just owning it and having properly fitting suits . 
  just like i had to cut my hair way short once i went bald ( well ... i suppose there 's another example for him ), 
  currencies were frozen and ecb established by 99, 
   i have little expectation that he can achieve , but the first step is a change in mentality and he has brought that about . 
  honestly i do have a lot of hope because of his personal experience as a banker . 
  he can personally talk to someone like sch\u00e4uble as a financial expert , combined with being really good at speaking in general , i can actually see him changing some minds . 
  or you know , going to the cia and calling them nazis in front of the memorial wall while coordinating with the us ' main geopolitical opponent will make a fair amount of people involved in intelligence not like you . 
  just a thought . 
  there is supposedly a quiet rebellion both within the civil service and a lot of political appointees . 
  particularly with political stuff , the only way to get trump to accept criticism is from the media as he wo n't listen to his staff so they let it play out in public . 
  also , as was mentioned , a lot of the high level jobs that are technically political but in practice are just an extension of the civil service ( ses level positions ) are currently unfilled and it 's leading to a huge lack of leadership within the civil service as well . 
  also exporting goods to outside of the eurozone while enjoying a depressed currency is a structural advantage that brings tons of money to germany . 
  http://imgur.com/srywuh3 it was the end of '98 once currency rates were frozen, 
  heh , i found an old chinese lady that barely speaks spanish but can handle my oddly-shaped , partly-bald head . 
  i tried expensive places but in the end it was a 6 $ cut that works ( though i do pay way more ), 
  field marshall m\u00fcller it is, 
  i 'd be really curious about the breakdown by political party in the us of that after russia has become a political issue . 
  honestly my stereotype of romanians is hair stylists and and it people . 
  there are the thieves but plenty of spanish thieves , too . 
  absolutely , but my point was the war there goes back to way before the nato invasion and it was n't really there to resolve a specific conflict but to remove a regime that was considered actively hostile . 
  yeah . 
  i was honestly pro-invasion in libya and still am in syria . 
  iraq was a fuck up but it 's one thing to invade a country and bring conflict to the people and it 's another to invade a country to help them once they are already in conflict . 
  afghanistan i see as pretty unique in that it 's just been in pretty much constant conflict for a long time . 
  peacekeeping missions are war , but they tend to go a lot better than just straight up invasions that are n't needed . 
   along la 2 nothing is better than being hungover and watching not very well made nature documentaries all day . 
   also he was `` no terrorist '' : the us government disagrees with you . 
  the man was placed on the state sponsors of terrorism list in 1979 ; though was removed in 2006 . 
  so the question becomes do you stop being a terrorist when you stop sponsoring it for long enough ? 
  also , lockerbie , scotland would disagree with saying gaddafi is n't a terrorist as well . 
  more than that , they believe the wider group is coordinating . 
  i wo n't make a judgement if the huge deployment is worth it , but everyone seems to forget the louvre attack because the soldiers were useful in making sure nothing extreme happened . 
  i 've had it plenty , i just do n't like it . 
  i know i 'm weird in a mediterranean culture . 
  the histories of immigrant neighborhoods everywhere since forever says it just does n't happen like that because the immigrants want to live near each other . 
  the only reason spain is n't on top for pork is because good jam\u00f3n is about quality not quantity . 
  eating 100g of it would probably be a lot . 
  i honestly do n't get how so many people like fish . 
  i mean , i like shellfish and octopus/squid ( what would be * marisco * in spanish ) and i 'll eat tuna or baked salmon just fine , but i just hate the `` fishy '' taste in things . 
  clearly my opinion is a minority opinion , though because there are tons of fish markets . 
  the problem is many of the no voters wo n't recognize the legitimacy of the election in the first place . 
  it seems macron uses his ability as a banker to convince the germans from a very analytical pov . 
  it will be over within a year plus or minus 80 years . 
  also worth remembering that c 's is allied with psoe in andalusia government and they are actually doing a decent job of keeping them in line there too . 
  the real test for c 's seriousness in all of this is what they are going to do with cifuentes . 
  they had no choice because of their internal divisions . 
  my theory of podemos is they 've never really been able to unite all their factions . 
  it 's great when protesting to have all kinds of slogans but when it comes time to govern , you have to make real choices about what your priorities are . 
  say they would have given up some ground on ecological issues , then they lose the mareas . 
  giving up some on the catalan referendum ( probably a necessity ) , they lose en comun podem . 
  everyone agrees on the whole program , but nobody agrees on what is actually the most important to fight for . 
  c 's likes to call themselves centrist but really they 're dyed in the wool liberals ( again , i support that , but whatever ) . 
  that just kind of happens to be in the middle of spanish politics , but i do n't think they 're `` centrists '' just a different lens of looking at problems . 
  i think putting things on an exact right/left spectrum is a mistake in the first place but why people see them as right wing . 
  things like job protections . 
  i think you can distinguish between protecting workers and protecting jobs . 
  forcing employers to keep uncompetitive jobs as worker protection is n't right for me and in the end hurts everyone ( see estibadores for current case ) . 
  that sort of thing where people see dismantling the current protections as right wing but they can be rebuilt more constructively . 
  there 's a reason the nordic countries are extremely capitalist and market oriented and do so well . 
  podemos ca n't unite podemos , how in the world would they unite with psoe ? 
  iu joined because they were just completely fucked and knew they 'd lose even more relevance with time . 
  they wo n't do it unless they can actually have a viable alternative , and if sanchez could actually form a viable alternative , he 's be pm right now in the first place . 
  they wo n't due the podemos farce of presenting a motion with no possibility of success . 
  that 's using a very serious tool completely unseriously . 
  i mean , the economy is only going to get better as time goes on , irrespective of who is in power . 
  but yes , it 's likely summer numbers are going to be very good this year . 
  though that 's a good thing regardless and we should celebrate more people having work regardless of who is in power . 
  psoe fucks itself if it goes with podemos , too . 
  the half that did n't vote for him mostly despises podemos . 
  psoe is fucked in general and this primary was just about if they want to be fucked from the left or from the right . 
  but by allying with podemos , what does he give psoe voters that they would n't just get from voting podemos ? 
  at the same time he screws over the other half that does n't want them anywhere near government . 
  i mean they are both unapologetic about being liberals economically . 
  ( for the record , i am , too ) but the social issue thing should n't just be ignored . 
  prior to them existing , someone like me would have to decide if economics or social issues were more important in a given election . 
  i still have some issues with c 's but i am like 85 % on board with their program . 
  i also think rivera is more of a problem than he helps . 
  i respect him a lot , but he 's bad at being a politician . 
  he needs to be a behind the curtain figure ( what felipe gonzalez was to psoe after he stepped down ) and guide the party but not be its face . 
  yeah , aznar speaks english pretty well . 
  he gives lectures at georgetown . 
  i mean , they have to debate actually changing the constitution first and rajoy called puigdemont 's bluff hard on that this week . 
  saying he 'd only be willing to come to debate it if a referendum is already agreed to . 
  he would have had a chance with ranked choice considering he 's everyone 's second choice . 
  pedro just barely got a majority . 
  i 'd be happy with that . 
  i think this really increases the probability that c 's takes down the madrid regional government to force elections . 
  they really want to show that they hate pp but are working with them out of pure necessity . 
  and honestly a lot of psoe voters are n't leftist at all and are basically right of center but just hate the pp because their family opposed the dictatorship . 
  c 's has a good chance to pick those up that they have n't yet . 
  not for predictable baseload . 
  lots of people did n't vote for trump because they like him but because they hate hillary . 
  and i do n't see anyone viable coming up for the democrats that could change that . 
  warren and sanders would absolutely lose the same demographic . 
  i 'm worried there 's not going to be a good alternative and he will stay . 
  my biggest concern about trump is also how he handles the 2020 census . 
  politicizing that could be a real big deal in undermining democratic legitimacy . 
  the eu can barely lead itself right now . 
  there 's a lot that needs to be fixed in europe before real power projection can take place .
