  i think it 's very unlikely that the law will survive long enough to make it through that process though as it will require quite a few tribunals and elections have to happen before december . 
  i 'm not defending the place , but when mentioning a list of `` b '' cities in england , you 'd think the second biggest city in the country would be mentioned . 
   i would gladly live in brighton or bath , or even bristol , because it also starts with a b. i love how birmingham is just ignored . 
  do n't go to geneva . 
  i love going to france because i can have dinner at a normal time . 
  more just straight up engineering services . 
  oil refineries and stuff . 
  t\u00e9cnicas reunidas just won a contract for almost 4 billion euros in kuwait . 
  obviously revenue will come in over time , but that is a measurable percentage of gdp in a single contract . 
  sacyr just got a 1 billion dollar contract for a highway in colombia . 
  these are just stories from this week . 
  engineering is absolutely insane right now . 
  my industry is one of the main drivers of the boom . 
  life is pretty great . 
  i 'm going to a friend 's town this weekend with an encierro right past the house . 
  i feel like a stereotype . 
  it 's more the based the n. american cars on the european models actually . 
  and they try to unify the divisions as much as possible . 
  also , my biggest regret when moving back to europe from the us was not to buy a mustang to resell for a huge mark up while avoiding import taxes . 
  being big is not against the rules , being anti competitive is . 
  do you really think there is a lack of competition on the car market ? 
  i have an opel and i 'm looking at getting a nissan for my next car , neither of which are vw . 
  we are now entering a recovery . 
  it will take several years to recover . 
  you do n't give a medicine to a sick person and call it ineffective when they are still sick but doing slightly better . 
  this takes time and this recovery is very real and getting better . 
  the spanish deficit is falling . 
  debts are increasing because there is still a deficit but they are increasing at a lower rate . 
  this would have happened a long time ago but the problem is the banks . 
  declaring bankruptcy will collapse the banks and then what happens when the government ca n't pay out deposit insurance ? 
  the solution to this whole mess is a banking union with unified deposit insurance which gets rid of the whole mechanism for grexit and then basically say they can declare whatever bankruptcy they want . 
  they also then have to live with a primary surplus starting immediately . 
  there 's a special category for irish . 
  http://j1visa.state.gov/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/pilot-program-irish-iwt.pdf ( pdf warning ), 
  you guys are also full british citizens . 
  basically both countries recognize it as part of their territory . 
  the eu and its benefits make the whole thing basically moot but there are some fringe benefits like irish being allowed for usa working holiday visas and uk citizens not being eligible . 
  we have lots of immigrants from the former spanish empire . 
  the thing is they are divided among many countries and the most populous country is mexico where the preferred destination for economic migrants is the usa by far . 
  fyi , ireland does n't recognize people from northern ireland as immigrants as they are full irish citizens . 
  so make a cooperative umbrella organization that owns a distribution network to be able to sell directly to the store . 
  they are still delicious . 
  i think it 's kind of mooted because having legal residence in one schengen country is just logically better than living illegally in another one where you ca n't get bank accounts , lots of local services , legally work , etc. . . 
  schengen has nothing to do with it . 
  any country can grant residency to whomever they 'd like , those residency rights do n't transfer via freedom of movement though . 
  but that has nothing to do with the uk policies on letting in non-eu immigrants . 
  they can let in whomever they want , just that those people do n't have the right of free movement within the eu . 
  at least not until they are british nationals . 
  well , i technically need my passport with me whenever i leave spain . 
  that said , i only carry it when flying and not by road since they can keep me from flying for that reason . 
  residence visas are not placed in passports , but rather as cards . 
  the card only officially serves as a way to id in the country of issue , so it needs to be accompanied by the passport . 
  also note i was talking about official border crossings . 
  like going into the uk . 
  looking at the official lists of documentation . 
  http://prado.consilium.europa.eu/en/searchbyissuingcountry.html it appears norway and iceland ( effectively the non-eu eea countries ) do n't issue id cards so that point is moot and switzerland does but they are n't technically eea either they just negotiate everything individually . 
  so of course , this being europe , the answer is basically it 's great in theory but full of asterisks in real life . 
  non-eu citizens do not have to be treated equally ( with a few exceptions , most notably immediate family and that is restricted ) and immigration is still a competency of the national governments . 
  source : non-eu citizen, 
  i 'm always surprised at how many people do n't know you can cross any eu ( well eea+ch ) border with just an id card , whether it 's schengen or not . 
  note that us non-citizens still need passports plus residence card . 
  our engineering tends to be more based on large projects . 
  not all that much in the way of consumer goods ( though bq phones are surprisingly good ) . 
  spanish companies do a lot of construction of highways in the us . 
  amtrak runs a lot of talgo trains . 
  but in generally not that involved in the us market . 
  i would smoke around 20 a day usually , sometimes more . 
  if i went out , that would usually be about 20 more while drinking . 
  i cringe when i think about how many of those things i smoked and how much money i spent to do it . 
  to a point , but politics is also supposed to deliver what society wants . 
  not everywhere has populations that really want nl levels of bicycle infrastructure . 
  it 's a chicken and egg problem . 
  netherlands gets lots of good bike infrastructure because people use bikes and people use bikes because there is lots of infrastructure . 
  ( being generally flat helps , too ) people can be understandably upset when there is great effort to put in bike infrastructure that inconveniences others and nobody uses it . 
  yeah , ciudad real is a clusterfuck , but at least it was a private airport . 
  castell\u00f3n was done with public money so it 's much worse in my eyes . 
  i 'm really shocked at the number of people that are trying to take what is truly good news about moving in the right direction and try and make it terrible . 
  it seems to be a lot of people refusing to admit anything can ever get better under any circumstances under pp , some people that ca n't acknowledge the difference between a bad situation and improvement and that they are n't exclusive and some people that will just never be satisfied . 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's crazy hot for us too . 
  summer is usually hot here , but this summer is being very unusual . 
  i sell large projects internationally . 
  the fall of the euro has meant our prices have gone down like 5-10 % . 
  that 's a huge amount when you are paying $ 600m on something . 
  it does n't track directly with the currency because some durable goods go up in value , but basically everywhere where there is labor value added along the supply chain ( which is a lot of stuff with engineering ) the price has lowered a lot . 
  spanish engineering basically battles with koreans all the time to be cheap and high-quality . 
  i can personally say that the core jobs in industry are really rising . 
  `` services '' is much more than tourism as well . 
  a lot of the spanish engineering exports count as services since we just make designs a lot of times and do n't actually export durable goods . 
  fair enough . 
  i was mixing up my employment and gdp seasonality . 
  but yeah , workers hired in june to get through july and august high season . 
  and this is before we typically get the tourism push from the summer . 
  hopefully we can make it below 20 % before too long . 
  i can tell you compared with spain there are two main factors . 
  monetary policy making it so banks started falling over themselves to give out credit again and non-recourse mortgages . 
  also fiscal transfers to the places where there were serious problems with the housing market in the us . 
  basically when people were ruined by the housing crisis , the national government was able to subsidize their benefits . 
  i 'm sure russia will be fine giving up kaliningrad then . 
  do you have no license for operating a business ?
