  something honestly noting that the choice is more cuts or leave the eurozone , not this dodgy bullshit he is actually pulling . 
  and you know ... doing it before the debt deadline that was known for months . 
  and not unilaterally pulling out of talks when supposedly nearing a deal and call the referendum by surprise . 
  you know ... not starting negotiations for a third bailout that will need to go through all member parliaments and have quite a bit of controversy attached to it literally 8 hours before the other one expired . 
  and doing that after having antagonized everyone with the antics from the weekend . 
  all of this while banks are just out of liquidity and they just lost recapitalization funds and would be lucky to have ela maintained after the loss of the bailout funds . 
  without outside help , the banks will not last long enough to get the third bailout negotiated and then it does n't matter . 
  i honestly did n't believe it , but the only ways that it makes sense is if he either legitimately has been trying to get out of the euro since at least last week and probably longer or he 's legitimately a crazy person . 
  everything else has been way too deliberate for me to believe the latter . 
  not to mention how much varoufakis overplayed his game theory . 
  forgetting one very important real world element ... trust . 
  by coming right out with game theory shit , you are saying you ca n't be trusted in anything which is really not a position you want to be in as the clearly disadvantaged party in the negotiation . 
  i deal with negotiations a lot in the real world and yes there are bluffs , but long term partner relationships are founded on trust , not deceit . 
  i mentioned elsewhere , but what are they going to challenge ? 
  nobody has actually done anything yet . 
  you ca n't challenge something in court without having been wronged in some way and this went into force 12 hours ago ... patience is needed . 
  i also really doubt it survives the end of the year regardless . 
  all of the other parties are very opposed and it is becoming increasingly clear that a coalition government will be needed . 
  i 'm assuming sudan is missing an 'm ' otherwise it 's kind of hilarious to think of them being on that list for a thousand dollars . 
  money is fungible . 
  it 's not like any particular euro that they got in help went to any particular thing . 
  they got the help in order to pay their debts which are also their bills . 
  not paying debts on time is called being in default and is the whole thing everyone wants to avoid . 
  so by giving them that money , they freed up money to go elsewhere . 
  i think there is a protest starting at midnight because i 'm about to try and sleep despite the heat ( 32\u00ba at 23:30 ) and the police helicopter just showed up . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , them trying to torpedo the whole thing or if they are truly that incompetent . 
  either options is seriously horrifying and does not bode well . 
  it was known that the current terms would be expired by sunday when they called the referendum . 
  what they are actually going for is n't entirely clear . 
  whatever the question is , it 's becoming increasingly clear that yes = tsipras out of power and no = out of the euro . 
  it 's probably not . 
  but nobody can take it to court because nobody has been wronged yet . 
  you ca n't fight it in criminal court if they have n't arrested you and you ca n't fight it in civil courts if you have n't been wronged yet . 
   yes but what is your reasoning ? 
  i just ca n't make sense of this any other way . 
  why send a package that everyone knows needs to go through the parliaments now ? 
  i am honestly baffled thinking about why he would do this with any other motivation in mind . 
  edit : it also explains that when it appeared they were actually getting close to a deal despite all best attempts , why he would just walk away and then paint greece into a corner with the weirdly executed referendum . 
   i actually agree that a no strengthens greece 's negotiation position . 
  obviously not in negotiating an extension of the 2nd memorandum , that is off the table , but it has been made apparent by the scrambling in the creditors ranks that they are feeling the twist in the arm . 
  they are feeling it but negotiation is over . 
  ela started on questionable legal ground . 
  it will not be increased and will likely have to be pulled tomorrow with no bailout backing the government . 
  i do n't know if the banks can collapse while they are closed but the greek financial system will be dead within hours of opening otherwise . 
  there 's just no way around that . 
  like i said , once the banking sector goes ... it 's over for greece in the ez and probably eu . 
  step back and think about the last month as tsipras wanting to leave the ez by any means despite knowing he has a mandate to stay in . 
  all of the actions that seemed insane make perfect sense in that light . 
  i really doubt the law will stand up in court . 
  but nobody can take it to court yet because there has n't been anything done wrong yet . 
  that said , i doubt it will even last that long as it will be one of the first things to go after the election . 
  even if it 's a ciudadanos-pp alliance , it 's a pretty fucking shitty law . 
  hell , not just germany . 
  just off the top of my head finland , estonia , and nl would all be major problems . 
  france got a weird pacifist reputation because they were against iraq . 
  they are all about intervening in foreign conflicts . 
  they would be there in a second . 
  uk would n't miss a fight in europe that both the us and france were in . 
  i 'm in the building of this sort of stuff , not the operation , but i understand they export quite a bit . 
  and everyone else has the capital costs are mostly energy , but things like land/insurance/labour will all be cheaper which is a definite advantage . 
  that said , if they end up outside the eu with all of this , it may end up taxed at the border and more than make up for all of that . 
   what specifically convinces you that tsipras wants to take greece out of the euro ? 
  well , this last move is what confirms it to me . 
  granted that is just my personal opinion . 
  going immediately to campaigning for a `` no '' vote is also up there . 
   what instances can you point to of his lying to the populace ? 
  saying a no vote is a vote to stay in the eurozone was clearly a lie from the very first moment the referendum idea was conceived . 
  the referendum is already too late , but to say that it strengthens a negotiation position at that point . 
   why have the last few days been the ultimate fuck you to the creditors ? 
  unilaterally walking out of talks to call an unannounced referendum at the 11th hour does n't strike you as a `` fuck you '' move ? 
  i personally like the idea of a referendum but the way it 's happening is awful . 
  you can sit at the table like an adult and say `` this is a stark choice and we have a mandate to not follow this proposal and to stay in the eurozone . 
  as it appears neither of these are options , it needs to be taken to the people . '', 
  in stead they walk out and call the vote without prior warning and the question is going to be about following a proposal that will no longer be valid while he puts down a proposal that is impossible to negotiate in time . 
   could it not be said that the last few months have been the ultimate fuck you by the creditors to syriza and tsipras just called it quits because he ca n't reason with people who would lose too much if they allowed themselves to be reasoned with ? 
  if you honestly think the rest of europe has more to lose than greece in this , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  the situation there can get much , much worse . 
  it sounds like he wants to put a new proposal on the table while making the question if they should accept the terms given by the eurogroup . 
  it 's a really deceptive way to try and force a `` no '' vote . 
  i 'm now convinced that tsipras ' goal is to exit the euro by any means necessary including lying to the populace . 
  it 's not even incompetence , it just does n't make any damned sense otherwise . 
  this would have been a great move in january to say `` the second bailout will expire so let 's get a realistic third one '' and move from there while there was goodwill in the air . 
  but the last few days have been the ultimate `` fuck you '' to the creditors and he 's asking for their goodwill now after there is no more time left . 
  he honestly does n't want a deal but does n't want the blame for the negatives . 
  i mentioned in my other comment , but if his game is honestly trying to leave the euro , it 's a brilliant move . 
  the last few days have made it pretty clear to me that that is his real goal and never intended it to be anything else and is willing to lie and do whatever else is necessary to make it happen . 
  missing the principal payment this month and testing the old rules was just a ruse , they would n't have paid anyway so might as well keep the cash but they have to look like they are honestly trying to do all they can . 
  the imf was specifically brought in to be the `` bad cop '' because greece does n't have so much leverage over them . 
  so their proposal is `` we are going to not make a payment , but want more money anyway , and be sure to get rid of your enforcer '' . 
  they may have been close to a deal before but tsipras is either delusional or intentionally trying to blow the whole thing up with this deal at this stage . 
  wtf is greece thinking ?!, 
  starting negotiations for a new bailout literally 8 hours before the expiration of the current one . 
  even if it were to go smoothly , it would have to pass all of the national parliaments . 
  it 's not just the germans that would be more than a bit hostile and it would take a couple weeks at minimum . 
  in the mean time ela pretty much has to be suspended and greek banks will either be shut for the entire month or straight collapse ( but fuck austerity for causing economic damage , right ? 
  who needs banking for a functional economy ? ), 
  i get the idea he honestly believes this is more than a stunt . 
  i get that syriza are ideologues , but their sheer incompetency is going to lead greece off the abyss . 
  and yes , it can get much worse ... just ask the old soviet states . 
  edit after a second of thinking about it : the only thing that makes sense to me is that he honestly wants out of the euro any way he can but ca n't get a democratic mandate for it .
