  we have corruption problems with things like how public contracts are awarded , and it 's certainly an issue but pretty much everyone would be horrified at the idea of passing money to a doctor to get an earlier appointment or to get a driving license or anything of the sort . 
  paying off a police officer is just unheard of . 
  so yeah , i think this map should be a gentle reminder of an objective measure of corruption for a lot of spanish people that think that the levels of corruption here are some of the worst in the world . 
  a more nuanced sense of `` yeah , it 's an issue , but it 's something that can be managed with some effort '' is a much more helpful attitude in general . 
  le\u00f3n seems more and more tempting to me . 
  well , the pope did just praise communism . 
  you are correct ... i wrote it wrong . 
  which i suppose just further proves my point . 
  or if you happen to live near us bases ( or at least where they used to be ) , it 's not that hard to find people with an american parent . 
  since i 'm from the us , i 'm curious to see how it will work having my kid be a native english speaker . 
  when i deal with young people in portugal , i often end up speaking english rather than trying to get a mutually understandable form of portu\u00f1ol . 
  the older people ... well , i can usually get by with just putting an outrageous accent on my spanish . 
  lose and loose bothers me because they are n't pronounced the same . 
  but i think part of it may be that as a native speaker when writing , you just kind of go on auto-pilot and it just comes out as the sound . 
  i always have to re-read the shit i write because i make little errors like that all the damned time . 
  that one was really not that bad . 
  nobody would ever say coffee with milk in english , it 's usually caf\u00e9 au lait or caf\u00e9 latte so caf\u00e9 con leche actually fits in really well . 
  the issue with that speech was n't even her accent but her ridiculous tone like she was speaking to a bunch of 5 year olds . 
  using the latin ( i.e. 
  french ) base is common in spanish speakers when there are two options available . 
  i would n't be shocked if it goes the other way , too . 
  it might help in perceptions since the german based words tend to be a lot more colloquial . 
  you are really making me envious for life outside of the city . 
  being packed like a sardine into a train every morning gets old . 
  i had 4 layers on this morning . 
  then i got onto the train and melted . 
  eh ... greek debt in general . 
  it 's the same idea about nobody willing to actually offer nominal relief despite offering real relief . 
  i have said many times a haircut will never be given , just sufficient extension of terms to make it functionally the same thing . 
   jeb bush , the least popular and most uncool bush alive . 
  jeb is my favorite bush . 
  he honestly seems like the most capable member of the clan . 
   ( that it is `` obsolete '' , that allies need to pay the united states , that maybe the us should not respond to allies that are attacked ) i 've said nato is obsolete for awhile . 
  i advocate for a europe wide alliance and a n. american alliance and then a sort of umbrella alliance of alliances between them . 
  it does involve europe taking up more of the funding and work but it would work better for everyone 's interests . 
  but yeah , how he goes about saying that is a big part of it . 
  part of the selling of my idea is that at no point does the us take security in europe for granted . 
  no , i mean it is a window into how americans tend to view the issue . 
  it 's very binary there with either supporting outlawing abortion or saying that there should be no more restrictions or expand access . 
  absolutely . 
  do n't you remember when that woman in texas became an internet hero for protesting against lowering the limit to 20 weeks ? 
  i 'm from the us so i 'm used to it . 
  both sides hate me there . 
  yeah , i guess going by europe standards . 
  i was mostly just thinking from the spanish reference where they are pretty much the furthest right that 's relevant . 
  especially since it was broken down into 4 categories already that fits neatly with the current landscape . 
  i 'm a ciudadanos supporter so i 'm not one to think they are the devil . 
  i actually like c 's because it 's mostly pp economics without all the other bullshit of pp . 
  then , of course , there 's the territorial stuff that does n't fit on left/right at all . 
  nobody can but if the trade war comes to you ... you ca n't do much about it . 
  the problem is trade wars have a habit of ending up in shooting wars . 
   especially since they tend have higher than average incomes . 
  this is what happens when a demographic by and large does n't have children . 
  also , correa is a leftist . 
  he might have been okay with a `` fuck usa '' stance just to be a thorn , but i ca n't imagine he 's all that pleased with how assange has been supporting right-wing movements . 
  listening to italian messes with my brain so much . 
  it 's like i understand it fine and then just goes off the rails and then i start to get it again . 
  i imagine you guys feel the same about spanish . 
   there was a larger percentage of democratic votes in austin ( the capital of texas ) , than sacramento ( the capital of california ) . 
  sacramento is not a particularly progressive city while austin is . 
  people forget a huge amount of inland california is not particularly friendly to democrats . 
  i like the 16 week limit and think it 's a fair compromise . 
  in the us i 'm apparently super conservative and hate women because i think 24 weeks is ridiculous . 
  spain is just right . 
  there 's only one party with government ministers . 
  citizens , the center right party , is officially still an opposition party despite having voted to form the government . 
  if you 're self employed you absolutely can write off any expenses for your profession to grow . 
  oh , i think the protests are misguided but there are real problems . 
  the point is they do n't have profits because they really do honestly reinvest . 
  revenue is not the same thing as profits . 
  and they absolutely do pay tons of taxes to countries where they do business , the biggest being vat . 
  but also the taxes for all the people they have employed . 
  american tourists tend to be some of the best . 
  ( yeah i 'm from there , but whatever ) . 
  they spend more to get here so they actually try to take advantage more and not spend the whole time as a drunken mess . 
  also , in general , americans that travel to europe tend to be so sensitive about the ignorant american stereotype that they go out of their way to be respectful . 
  to be perfectly honest , english tourists tend to be the worst behaved . 
  obviously not all , but we know perfectly well the type i 'm talking about in spain . 
  but even middle class types that come here for a stag do just lose all sense of decorum . 
  so poor people should n't be allowed then only people who would be able to afford the limited supply ? 
   i remember how big of a deal people made of the drop in tourists to paris after the bataclan attack - now people would probably celebrate it . 
  i 'm guessing they are very different groups . 
  i do n't buy the pricing out argument , but i do see a problem , especially in a place like barcelona , of mixing tourist and residential lodging . 
  like it or not , a large percentage of people traveling are british stag dos/hen parties or other people that are there to party . 
  fine , whatever , but then they go and get an airbnb in a block with families with small children or other people who just want to live without much commotion . 
  and then people are shocked when people who travel with drinking and partying as an objective drink and make noise and are generally anti-social in the early hours of the morning . 
  the weirdest part to me was they wanted to liberate the driver from his conditions or something like that . 
  like that guy just wanted to do his job and get on with it . 
  but these people honestly consider capitalism and jobs slavery , so i 'll just never understand . 
  venice would be awful without tourism driving it . 
  who in their right mind would want to set up a business with the sort of logistics costs that venice has ? 
  it made sense when there was serious chance of invasion a few hundred years ago , now it 's not really on people 's radar . 
  it 's not just china but india is often overlooked for that , too . 
  combined with emriates/etihad/qatar making flights from india to europe much , much cheaper . 
  that said , indian people tend to know how to behave better in western cultural norms because of the whole colonialism thing . 
  also , all the vat on sales , plus all the vat for things they buy to expand warehouses and all that . 
  that 's not a small amount . 
  amazon has gone in about 15 years to being one of the world 's biggest logistics operators . 
  that takes a lot of capital . 
  they have an airline at this point ( yes it 's not technically them , but it 's expensive all the same ) in addition they bought whole foods in the us for $ 15bn dollars or so .
