  psoe is n't particularly anti-austerity either , they started the whole austerity business . 
   could anyone see this reopening the prospect of debt renegotiations ? 
  this wo n't happen . 
  the current system is allowing spain to borrow at extremely good rates and nobody would want to disrupt that . 
  remember , nobody has a right to borrowed money and the plans of both psoe and podemos depend pretty heavily on deficit spending which is helped by the current system . 
  yeah , i could n't see pnv go with podemos . 
  hell special tax breaks for big business is the main thing pnv is about . 
  for a large part of the country it 's that he 's basically the catholic candidate and that 's that . 
  also do n't underestimate the power of going with `` the devil you know '' . 
   using autonomies would be an improvement but there could be better systems . 
  always , but the thing is to look for improvements that could actually be implemented by the mps that actually exist . 
  do n't let the perfect be the enemy of the good . 
  that 's not true . 
  d'hondt does n't inherently help small or big parties . 
  it 's just when there are few seats that it does n't work when dividing small seats . 
  changing it to divided by autonomies rather than province would be a good step . 
  still has some problems , but i think it 's a compromise that is actually achievable . 
  but stanstead is actually on a rail line and easier to get to . 
  it 's all rather irrelevant though while `` london '' southend exists though . 
  the troika has always been willing to loan it out . 
  the sticking point has been their conditions . 
  just being regionalist does n't make them leftists . 
  `` podemos '' is kind of complicated as an organization . 
  parties in spain are generally organized at the autonomy level . 
  podemos ' groups are n't always called podemos and are quite a bit more independent than is usual for national parties . 
  well it 's because d'hondting a province with 3 or 4 seats is n't all that helpful to smaller parties . 
  i really think changing it to a system based on autonomy would be the best bet . 
  they might even be able to get some pp/psoe people from places where they would benefit it on board . 
   since spain never got a bailout , not much . 
  spain did get a bailout . 
  it was a lot later than everyone seems to think though . 
  but yeah , we are paying it back ahead of schedule . 
  psoe + either podemos or c 's is possible if the other one abstains . 
  ( psoe + c 's would need 1 extra seat to abstain but that should n't be hard to get from a small party ) edit : last second change of one seat less for psoe would mean they would need a single additonal abstention for psoe+p odemos and two for psoe+c 's . 
  that should n't be hard to get either way . 
  stanstead is way better than luton which is an easyjet hub . 
  spotted the non-schengen resident . 
  the schengen lounge is decent , but the non-schengen lounge is one of the best business class lounges around . 
  i have to vote for my home airport of mad t4 . 
  specifically t4 though as t123 feels pretty old and grim . 
  t4 serves iberia , other oneworld airlines and a few others ( ethiad , emirates , el al , tarom iirc ) edit : i forgot about hel . 
  that 's a really fantastic connecting airport . 
  it 's small enough to not be a long walk to anywhere and connections are quite easy and a generally very nice environment . 
  it was kind of a pain to get to the city though when i was there last year but apparently a train line has since been opened . 
  i 'm almost a stereotype of what people expect . 
  i 'm around 30 and work on the commercial side of a big company . 
  my citizenship paperwork has been delayed for almost a year at this point ( usa 's fault rather than spain 's ) and so no vote . 
   that 's d'hondt for you . 
  it 's not inherent to d'hondt . 
  it just does n't work when you have so many provinces with low population and then divide the vote by province . 
  this guy clearly does n't understand opportunity cost . 
   because there 's no room for that . 
  first priority is rooftop . 
  second priority is coving car parks . 
  and yes , every euro you put into making solar roads which cost 10 times more means you ca n't invest that in more effective technologies that already exist . 
  basically , it solves a problem that nobody has in the most expensive way possible . 
  i know it was a publicity stunt , but it 's so ridiculously dumb . 
  at no point has the problem with solar been that there 's no place to place panels . 
  so why make them in a place where they will be less effective ? 
  the dutch are actually gungans . 
  i just hope that the police helicopter does n't hang around the parliament all day long . 
  it only passed for a few minutes just now but this could be really annoying . 
  i just realized that the goddamned police helicopter will be over the parliament all day . 
  no naps for me . 
  also , basque country makes tons of money from the rest of spain by having lower taxes . 
  as an example , i live in madrid but i work for a basque company subcontracted out to another basque company despite the fact that the bulk of the operations of both are in madrid . 
  when we sign big projects , they have to go through bilbao as well . 
  on friday night right before they closed the campaign , the news showed a brief summary of the speeches and included the main nationalist parties . 
  catalonia spoke in catalan , galicia spoke in galician , basque country spoke in spanish . 
   their position on territorial matters is also extremely conservative . 
  you ca n't define the territorial issue in spain based on classic left/right, 
  yeah i know what he 's up to and know the face . 
  just do n't know his name . 
  do n't care enough to look it up either . 
  right , and i have no idea who it is that actually replaced her . 
  i know the face but i do n't know his name . 
  i 've been here since 2010 . 
  the only upyd name i actually know is rosa d\u00edez . 
   alberto mas i ca n't tell if you are confused or trying to be massively dismissive and or insult him . 
  the courts still would n't let it happen unless the constitution is changed first no matter what they say . 
  there really wo n't be a need for anything other than a lightly moderated discussion thread until 8 pm . 
  i have to do lots of christmas shopping tomorrow , though and probably wo n't be home until late . 
  i think just referring to gesop as all that authoritative of a pool is a bit dangerous . 
  it 's definitely worth considering especially for the trends but their history is kind of all over the place . 
  just saying trusting one agency as an authority is n't enough to make statements that authoritative . 
  i also think there 's a big possibility that one of the big 4 abstains in the investiture votes which makes the calculations a lot more complex . 
  let me put it this way . 
  i consider myself fairly well informed about politics and i have no idea what their candidate 's name is . 
  the lcc airports i have n't found to be bad in themselves . 
  just basic , but that 's exactly what 's on the tin , so to speak . 
  i actually find them to be pretty effecient at what they do . 
  i will say that madrid is a pretty massive contrast between t4 which is excellent and t1/2/3 . 
  t3 is meh but t1 and t2 just feel old and cramped and generally past their prime . 
  but yeah , it 's no cdg . 
  yeah , i came to say cdg . 
  i say they designed it thinking a clockwork orange was an aspirational movie , that just needed to be made less convenient . 
  even in business class , the schengen lounges get absolutely packed so even that is n't a great escape . 
  it 's the operating carrier though . 
  so in that situation it would have been malev out the money . 
  gesop has had numbers kind of all over the place .
