  if you are using deadly force , it means you are in fear of your life and should be employed to neutralize the threat to your life . 
  if you are n't comfortable using deadly force , you should n't be using the gun at all . 
  i hate that things are getting to such extremes . 
  like it 's possible to be pro immigration but think that the levels experienced in recent years are unsustainable and should be more limited while the eu could put money in for camps in turkey to help refugees that need it . 
  also , in typical fashion , he is declaring `` compromise '' to mean `` complete capitulation by you while i do n't change '', 
  i mean there is a lot of crazy shit that happens , but a lot more is just because how much is on film due to dash cams . 
  i saw an interesting documentary about how people live there . 
  they seem very innovative in their business methods . 
  just because it 's off does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  it 's important to note the margins of errors and actually publishing an outlier is probably a better indication of their credibility . 
  it 's more that any single poll is not particularly insightful or useful . 
  ( unless that poll is the actual election ) all of that said , i wo n't comment on this specific poll because i do n't know anything about it . 
  i honestly have no idea , but are they not allowed to dock at rota ? 
  do people just register their address somewhere else but still actually live together ? 
  lots of people keep their official residence with their parents here . 
  [ simpsons did it ] ( https://youtu.be/qegfaoeum2a?t=27s ), 
   not really sure what you mean here . 
  probably talking about how the us already has the largest government single payer health care system in the world and has for decades paid for directly by taxing employment at similar levels to other systems that offer that coverage to everyone , not just those over 65 ( who also happen to be most expensive ) . 
   that is a massive ` if ' that not everyone has . 
  considering this is / r/europe and talking about people that would move there ... not really . 
  kind of a self-selecting sample . 
  also ... boiler up !, 
  i 'm a purdue graduate , myself . 
  again ... any dependents will be covered on that policy . 
  most high paying jobs will also have insurance for the injury , too . 
  the problem is it 's not available to everyone , but it is n't that bad for the vast majority , just handled privately . 
  if you 're in a position to be making a large salary , you will almost definitely have reasonable health insurance . 
  it will be way more expensive compared to europe , but hardly ruinous . 
  i had a maximum out of pocket of $ 8k a year when i lived there . 
  even with an emergency surgery and a couple of days in the hospital recovering , the most i got to was $ 5k . 
  more than made up for in the difference of salary and that was with a health issue . 
  i found the building , obviously wo n't post it here though . 
  ok , that 's definitely the a6 , but the angle to the mountains seems all wrong to me . 
  edit : i know you work now, 
  i mean , even after taxes , especially for anything professional , us salaries are some of the highest in the world . 
  that said , there 's more to life than just money ( i left the us despite making significantly more money there ) . 
  but if all you want is pure salary , us is a good place to be . 
  it would be local council or city hall in english . 
  ajuntament is catalan and ayuntamiento is the spanish word . 
  refugees do n't want to come to spain . 
  all main parties are for resettlement . 
  part of it is a cynical benefit grab and part is there is a thriving syrian community in germany/denmark/sweden to help with the move . 
  obviously there is migration , but nowhere in spain has dealt with anywhere near the scale as other , richer countries . 
   i 'm not saying they are n't serious in english double negatives always cancel each other out . 
  i get it can sometimes be confusing , but it 's a way to add some subtlety and a bit of flair to statements . 
  i said exactly the opposite . 
  i just said that seriousness has come without having to deal with the mass migration seen elsewhere in europe . 
  [ asylum applications for each country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#/media/file:refugee_crisis_in_europe_q1-q4_2015.svg ) why does where i grew up matter for facts ? 
   toledo ( ohio ) might not be very touristy , but i bet it 's also a very good place to live . 
  i lived there for around 10 years ... i do n't know how it is now , but it was terrible when i left . 
  just kind of a big representation of the industrial decline and definitely part of the `` rust belt '' . 
  also , it 's very easy to be pro-refugee when you do n't have to deal with the consequences . 
  all political parties are for refugee resettlement . 
  i do n't mean to even call it a cynical play ( though some might see it that way ) but really it 's just easy to take the morally convenient position without much more thought . 
  it 's like people think germans and swedes really do n't believe in helping people in need rather than the massive numbers may be placing serious strains on society that also need to be taken into account . 
  the important point is n't that people are serious or not , it 's that spain basically has n't really felt the migration crisis . 
  it 's easy to say we want more when they do n't want to come . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't serious , but migration politics here is heavily influenced by the fact that not many actually want to come here so there is n't that much of a problem to deal with . 
  i have the worst fucking attorneys . 
  yeah , the boss is the one who put doubts in , he 's the one who 's going to have to give such a plain statement . 
  iirc it used to be the second longest eu/non-eu border after norway-sweden . 
  but then croatia joined and so now croatia-bih is also longer . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/america_first_committee they were pro nazi and pretty anti-semitic anyone aware of political history in the us should understand the reference . 
   also , talking about `` 1000 years of german history '' in german has clear connotations to hitlers talk of the 1000 year reich , it 's a dog whistle for certain voter demographics . 
  that sounds like people not getting when trump uses the phrase `` america first '' . 
  it 's not that it 's literally bad , but it 's a clear nod to some very ugly things in the past . 
  questioning membership is a legitimate issue . 
  commitments to existing members should never be in question . 
  it 's a subtle but very important difference . 
  the point being you either treat the eu as a bloc or you do n't . 
  you do n't just switch based on what 's convenient and the eu definitely functions as a single unit for global economic agreements . 
  ( you know , the whole point of the single market ), 
  i fear it already is , we just have yet to see the consequences . 
  well , i mean are the goalposts canada v eu or canada v constituent countries ? 
  you could just as easily say nunavut , yukon , northwest territories , pei , newfoundland , new brunswick , nova scotia , saskatchewan and manitoba do n't add up to much . 
  the vast majority of canada 's economy is in qu\u00e9bec , ontario , alberta and bc . 
  i did n't say canada is n't an important country . 
  i 'm just saying that in a relationship with the eu as a whole , it 's by far the junior partner . 
  i mean , i tried that , but i would just go buy some . 
  whatever , i stopped years ago now and i 'm honestly happy you guys can manage that . 
  absolutely , but they kind of need to realize they are the very junior partner in that relationship . 
  not saying they do n't , and obviously trudeau will talk more about canada . 
  just saying the phrasing is like that of an equal partnership , which it is not . 
  another thing is to get one of those plastic cigarettes that you can just use to put in your mouth . 
  it was amazing how much of my habit was just being so used to sucking on something . 
  i chewed the ends off of so many pens when i quit smoking . 
  it 's not that popular , but snus is sold lots of places in the us . 
  i mean , they had it in my small , indiana town . 
  as a former heavy smoker , i have no idea how people like you do it . 
  i would quit for a bit but then be back to a whole box a day in no time . 
  i mean , i 'm happy for people that can have one and then be glad that 's it and move on ... i just do n't get it . 
  it 's more that the whole idea of `` pax americana '' is threatened and even if the next election is n't nuts , the us has shown that it is willing to be an unreliable partner . 
  a lot of the damage has already been done . 
  doing things like just mentioning that you should question nato commitments undermines nato regardless of if it 's true or not because the perception is what 's hugely important in deterrence . 
  i mean canada punches well above its weight in international politics , but at the end of the day , it 's still just 35 million people . 
  welcome to be part of the global leadership group , but hard to be a leader themselves at that size . 
  it does n't have to be as an infant to be learned as an l1 . 
  i know plenty of people that learned languages as late as 8 or 9 that learned them as l1 . 
  i mean , even in catalonia if you want to watch nationally syndicated tv , see a huge amount of movies , etc. . . , it 's in castellano . 
  i 'm not denying that catalan is n't the primary language , i 'm just saying virtually everyone speaks both at a native level .
