  madrid taxis while not all that cheap , definitely have fair rates at that . 
  also , if they are not registered as * servicio p\u00fablico * they wo n't be allowed into the center of the city starting at the end of the year as all private vehicles of non-residents are being banned . 
  right , and i agree that the system is n't great and should be changed . 
  that does n't mean you 're allowed to break the law because the system is n't great . 
  in madrid the taxi fares are already regulated so there is n't price competition . 
  there already are apps to deal with it with normal taxis as well . 
  hailo works decently . 
  as they should . 
  i 'm all for liberalization of the market , but you ca n't just go into a market and break the law of the existing regulations because they are inconvenient to your business model . 
  undoing the license system can happen , but it will be complicated since the licenses are so expensive in the first place . 
  how do you tell someone that bet their livelihood buying a 200k $ license last year that it 's not worth the paper it 's printed on anymore ? 
  well , seeing as how their export economy is dollar denominated , it helps to shore up state financing and weakens the private sector , not sure if that 's really a good thing . 
  but not exactly the same folks that would be after a ds4, 
  that sounds expensive . 
  and we 're not exactly one of the colder european climes . 
  they 're just going to put a lion badge rather than chevrons since people associate the citro\u00ebn brand with kooky people with a 2cv, 
  i just think it 's a much better representative diplomatically . 
  imagine zapatero followed by rajoy as the face to the world . 
  i had only left the us once when i found a job in spain . 
  that was 4 years ago , and i 'm definitely staying here forever . 
  i got placed to working on a project in brugge ( well zeebrugge ) just today . 
  happy times . 
  yes . 
  you have aboslute freedom to do what you want so long as you do n't want to interact with the rest of the world . 
  want to increase those interactions and you have to establish more and more rules to play by or everyone else will just leave you be as well . 
  it 's destroying freedom and autonomy as much as paying membership fees for a service is stealing . 
  everyone gets stuff in return . 
  i found 2 $ on the ground in italy once . 
  i think that means we officially win !, 
  to renege on a contract is actionable no matter what . 
  or do you think the government should just have the right to void any contract it wants as well ? 
  i mean , it does , but good luck having reasonable investments without up-front costs if nobody trusts the word of the government . 
  or it can be like the case brazil lodged agains the us and won about cotton subsidies . 
  the us refused to stop subsidizing cotton , so now they just subsidize brazilian cotton as well . 
  i do n't know how you do it , man . 
  but a lot of these folks are the same that defend the nationalizations that happened in venezuela and argentina and really believe that the argentines are victims of banks beating up on them for not wanting to give money away for free and following the laws and stuff . 
  it 's as if any talk of liberal trade is the exact same thing as unregulated trade . 
  there actually is universal medical coverage for the poor in the us as well and was recently expanded quite a bit , even though it 's heavily dependent on which state you happen to be in . 
  the us actually has fairly extensive social programs , though they may not be quite at the levels of other nations , they can not be discounted . 
  it 's the haphazard execution that is the problem . 
  ( universal , single-payer health care ... but only for the oldest and most expensive patients ), 
  the sephardic population can request residency and gets shortened residency requirements for citizenships , they can not request citizenship directly . 
  and all of that is in theory , i do n't know if they have figured out how to implement it yet . 
  the requirements for naturalization and being born into citizenship are generally different . 
  i 've known plenty of people from big cities that think they are `` global '' because they see how everyone has come to them but will only ever go places nearby and not really go anywhere thesmselves . 
  some people are just happy with what they know and do n't want anything more . 
  honestly , i 'm kind of envious of that feeling of contentness . 
  i was educated on this the other day . 
  the distribution method is retarded and only relates to population , not need of services . 
  barnett formula . 
  granada is heavily populated on the coast , the thing is that they have a very small coast : land area ratio . 
  especially compared to malaga right next door . 
  that does n't mean it will be the price of a ticket to kef at all . 
  emirates from europe-dxb-asia is often cheaper than europe-dxb . 
  remember a price has nothing to do with what it costs to provide , only that that is a minimum for viability . 
  wait till you try the pasteis de nata, 
  american tourists would be a godsend compared to the planeload of brits to the algarve, 
  it 's an unknown and to pretend otherwise is folly . 
  i think they will be a new state and have to apply as a new member on their merits . 
  as most law will be directly copied from current uk , law that should n't be an issue , but the requirements of new members is likely to be an issue . 
  schengen started outside the eu but got incorporated into eu regulations . 
  you either get a grandfathered in opt-out or you are obligated to join schengen . 
  same is true for the euro , except you can just avoid erm-ii ( swedish style ) and nobody will say anything , but there may be issues down the road with not following treaty obligations . 
  scotland really is going to be a new member . 
  that 's how successor states work . 
  it also allows for better specialization . 
  let the flag carriers fly the long haul and business heavy routes they are good at and let the low cost guys fly the routes that can not sustain that level of service . 
  the example here is iberia actually returning to profitability due to making iberia express the low cost feeder option for a lot of cities that they previously had to cut service . 
  they 've actually managed to get demand up to open new long haul service on the mainline as well . 
  we already got our strikes out of the way and have labor agreements with everyone now for the new model . 
  they were never planning on actually doing anything . 
  they were letting party members vote independently meaning they knew it would fail but show the ultra-catholics base voters a symbolic move and now they can just say it failed but they tried when it was never meant to succeed in the first place . 
  other than scotland being required to join schengen as a new eu member ... 
  do the german people not realize how massively an undervalued euro is benefitting the german export sector ? 
   as evidenced when spain came out and said scotland ca n't join the eu straight away , because they do n't want to give any encouragement to the catalans . 
  nobody has actually said that . 
  just that they would actually have to apply for membership on its merits and that spain would n't veto it since it is not a unilateral independence movement . 
  that may be so , but there are ways set out to change the constitution . 
  or the generalitat could declare the entire document invalid , but you do n't just get to pick the parts you like . 
  that 's a really fundamental principle . 
  right , but then they should n't have voted for it to be the supreme law of their territory . 
  there would be a much more compelling case if the constitution was n't approved at a 90 % favorability within catalonia ( less than 40 years ago , mind you ) . 
  it 's not boycotting . 
  if there were separate countries , there would be separate legal systems and companies would have to incorporate in both countries and have two sets of lawyers to make it work . 
  so yeah , la caixa might not have a problem to afford that , but a lot of smaller businesses would just stay incorporated in one or the other . 
  cross border business is just harder by nature of the legal differences . 
  with my industrial example , why would a german company operate a catalonia office with a separate legal system to sell to spain when they could just open a spain office and have it be clear where the contracts will be adjudicated ? 
  are you somehow denying that breaking economic links leads to less economic activity ? 
  or denying that madrid and barcelona are very economically interconnected cities ? 
  look , if you want independence illegally , you have to use force ( nobody wants a war ) . 
  if you want it legally , you have to follow the laws in place . 
  what 's the point of a constitution if you can just vote 55 % to violate its principles 40 years later ? 
  i would be fine with a constitutional change to allow things to happen . 
  but as it stands now , even if the catalan government would have to declare the entire spanish constitution invalid in catalonia ( see how popular that would be ) . 
  you do n't just get to pick the fundamental laws that you like , otherwise you could just say referendum for no social security for black people or something and have it me `` democratic '' at 50 % +1 . 
  it 's a really fundamental idea of what a constitutionally supreme government means . 
  i buy and sell a lot of industrial equipment from sales offices in barcelona . 
  these companies would just open another office in madrid and it would just go back to germany without any of the employment benefits . 
  the huge industrial companies are in madrid or basque country and a lot of the sales are in barcelona to be in an urban center and basically be able to supply tarragona . 
  but if it were a different country , they would need a separate spanish sales office .
