  that would risk wwiii . 
  any little green men would be an instant invocation of article 5 and it would be taken very , very seriously . 
  venezuela 's current government definitely would . 
  someone really needs to make a bunch of rajoy videos where the curb your enthusiasm music just when ever he has his awkward speeches or movements . 
  officially for spain they will have never left . 
   can you imagine an european union where 150,000 entities have veto rights ? 
  holy roman empire . 
  this time even holier , romanier and more imperial . 
  with extra factioning !, 
  but if one side does n't think the vote is legitimate in the first place , it 's hard to call it a fair election . 
  just like the last one that was a `` consultation '' that won over 80 % because the unionists generally boycott . 
  gdp does n't seem higher than it is . 
  it is , by definition , exactly what it is . 
  that it may not provide a complete picture is another issue and no statistic will show things perfectly so you just have to understand exactly what it is you 're measuring . 
  also , it 's not that large of an effect in the us because a ) us has shitty corporate tax law in the first place with global taxation and b ) the us population is so huge that the effects are n't as pronounced . 
  if you were just talking about delaware , you might have a point . 
  this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzbfzwqeoko, 
   a vote for the tories is n't a vote for hard brexit it kind of is at this point . 
  i still say eu does n't make sense for an independent scotland but efta does . 
  yeah , that 's exactly why they 've only been able to win with blair and brown ( who was basically an extension of blair ) since thatcher came into office . 
   if the conservatives fail to obtain a majority then a coalition will happen . 
  yeah , it 's them failing to get a majority that seems like crazy talk . 
  yeah , snp is in the mix , but tories are n't playing in scotland already so they have little to lose . 
  labour is going to collapse and that will likely be divided by tories and lib dems but i do n't see how tories lose any seats and only see them picking up a lot more . 
  ( a few will probably go to lib dem but hard to see it as a trend ) also , minority governments are a thing , there 's no reason a coalition has to happen . 
  i think it really comes down to if you care about social or economic policy more of where you classify them . 
  if that is actually somehow viable ... maybe . 
  but that seems so far outside the realm of possibility it 's crazy . 
  like what constituencies did labour lose that they can pick up this time ? 
  and none of all of this has actually moved into large support of the lib dems . 
  they will gain , but it will almost certainly be modest . 
  i really have a hard time seeing how this is going to be anything but a blue wave over an already blue map . 
  i just imagine uk showing up to the eu pretending like nothing at all has happened . 
  - `` what vote ? ... i 'm pretty sure if we 'd have voted out i 'd have let you know '' - `` you did , it was a big deal and we were sorely disappointed . '', 
  - `` lad , sorry , but if you 're just going to make up stories , we have no basis for a relationship . '', 
  and then everyone just forgets this whole thing ever happened and it becomes a curious footnote in history books . 
  the right thinks they 're center-left and the left thinks they 're center-right . 
  honestly , `` liberal '' is just a pretty accurate description of them without trying to force it onto the uk 's left/right axis . 
  they 're all kinds of backwards . 
  their brexit is blue , white and red . 
  except labour supports brexit . 
   coalition seems second most likely to me . 
  lib dems wo n't go into coalition with them again . 
  they may agree ( possibly with tepid snp support ) for a program of the government and vote to form a tory minority government , but they will remain in opposition . 
  they have learned their lesson . 
  that said , i do n't see how conservatives do n't win an outright majority given how little lib dems have been able to capitalize and how bad of a spot labour is in . 
  i 'm also really curious how all of this will affect the vote in northern ireland . 
  not really , plenty of people take ones they do n't use or just destroy other ones or whatever . 
  nobody counts ballots for exit polls , they are just actual polls where they ask people how they voted and correct for demographics . 
  nothing ... there are just stacks of each option so you take the one you need . 
  if people care about making it private , there are private booths with ballots , too . 
  just to clarify about how it works for people that may not have this system is you put the one you want in an envelope and then put that envelope in a ballot box . 
  same for general elections , you just put the party list you want in the envelope and enter it . 
  cue * lord of war * scene . 
  i mean , i do n't disagree , but i do n't think it 's as far of an overarching principle about diplomacy versus force projection and all that . 
  i think mattis just does n't trust tillerson . 
  it 's a lot more personal and about this state department and not the state department in general . 
  also worth remembering that a large percentage of taxes in the us are also state and local taxes and primarily property taxes paid directly or indirectly through rent . 
  then you should add health insurance premiums to switzerland , germany , netherlands ( who else uses private insurance ? ), 
  and this is why nobody in spain understands that salary is not the same as cost . 
  the amount of times someone says that an employee costs what they get in their account after taxes is crazy . 
  i agree , but trying selling `` we want the corporations to pay less tax for you and change it to income tax ! '', 
  i meant the germans had most of their manpower on the eastern front . 
  and the send wave after wave in essentially suicide attacks and just try to surround advancing armies was pretty much how the eastern front of wwi worked . 
  yeah , the actual urban warfare was new but the general idea was similar to the last generation just scaled up . 
  i guess ` divert ' implies it was n't the main objective . 
  and to me it 's not the number of divisions but rommel 's leadership that would have been the big deal . 
  no , i absolutely agree . 
  i do n't know why i 'm getting downvotes for saying english language history downplays ussr 's losses and that allied presence helped keep the germans from totally diverting resources , but whatever . 
  i never said anything to the contrary . 
  just saying that allies did n't join late in the war . 
  the n. africa campaign started in 1940 , after all . 
  well before even the us joined in . 
  but by the time stalingrad happened , the fighting was quite heavy in n. africa and who knows how it would have worked if those troops could have been sent east . 
  education is mostly concentrated at the state level in the us , so ... kind of . 
  just like we do n't talk about european education but each national system . 
  ( even then , it 's often divided even further ), 
  they were able to divert most manpower , yeah , but the us and uk were tying up german troops in n. africa working their way to the italian invasion . 
  i thought that was just a general anglo think since it was uk and us mostly pushing through on the western front and up through italy . 
  but yeah losses in ussr were staggering since they still kind of stuck with the wwi strategy of just throw more men at the enemy . 
  that does n't seem particularly evil unless someone is somehow forcing the suppliers to agree to the contract . 
  takes two to tango and all that . 
  to me , it 's because that was what the ussr was working towards as well . 
  yeah , it may not be all that useful now , but it was definitely a race to get a man on the moon . 
  but us definitely kept up after that with deep space exploration and more scientific missions that the ussr kind of abandoned in favor of more military space operations . 
  the voyager probes were a huge accomplishment for the us program , too . 
  personally i do n't think `` winning '' any of it is all that important since the time scales were all so close and it was basically developing in parallel . 
   ( a small inoffensive metal space-potato ) i mean , it was n't the potato that was the issue , it was the fact that they very publicly showed they had rockets that could accurately put the potato up there and effectively served as a show of force for icbm capabilities that was why such a shit was flipped . 
   except for the fact that the canadarm was a thing and popular culture/media this is hilarious to me . 
  not saying it was n't a useful piece of technology ... but just kind of ignoring the space race until there was a special articulated arm on a shuttle because canada !, 
  domhnall is doing quite a good job of continuing the gleeson acting tradition . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  maybe i 'm such a secret spy that even i do n't know about my own spying . 
  but more seriously , it was still kind of nationalistic in the sense of saying we started from behind but still managed to get to the finish line first . 
  but it was always very particularly distinguished that gagarin was the first man in space and to orbit and shepard was the first american to go up and glenn was the first american to orbit . 
  but i 've always been really into space so perhaps it was just me putting more importance and remembering it more than it was actually mentioned . 
  the true history . 
  ( i do recommend the whole video from the beginning ) https://youtu.be/jpj3sdeaoo8?t=1m14s, 
  russia is definitely the leader in manned space flight right now . 
  i grew up in the us and was definitely taught about gagarin and tereshkova and how the ussr basically beat the us in most of the important parts of the space race except for getting to the moon .
