  basically being able to get to the opposite side of the world in under 24 hours is deemed `` good enough '' economically speaking . 
  basically why personal computing power exploded for years and years and has remained static recently . 
  it 's not that there is n't more development , it 's just people do n't need to spend money for more . 
  that 's not how successor states work . 
  the tl ; dr ; version is that ruk would inherit all of the previous state 's treaties and obligations while scotland would just be a new country and have to form it 's own treaties with an independent diplomatic corps . 
  your point about being a massive clusterfuck is pretty spot-on though . 
  did n't they do this scene in lord of war ? 
  here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzbfzwqeoko, 
  their weapons these days are extra hot bitterballen to burn us . 
  in the meantime a unilateral independence bid would be a disaster for business . 
  any business that does n't operate solely in catalonia would n't know under what set of laws it 's operating . 
  multinationals just ca n't handle that sort of risk and would just leave to madrid or basque country . 
  even within spain , the central government would demand their taxes as if nothing had changed while the generalitat would also be demanding taxes . 
  if a company has to choose , do you think it will choose the market of 35m people or of 9m people ? 
  that 's a huge number of people that will be out of work . 
  you guys are pretty cheap as well . 
  there is tons of tobacco smuggling from gibraltar to spain . 
  well , depends for what . 
  for marine stuff probably . 
  otherwise madrid would be it . 
  i can tell you my company would move our barcelona office to bilbao . 
  you just would n't know which set of laws to operate under and it just ca n't work for a company . 
  honestly , it 's not even ceding * that * much authority but adding another level of jurisprudence . 
  as of right now ecj rulings can overturn national laws so it 's basically making a functional system with the existing powers . 
   the us mostly has the same laws concerning trade . 
  laws can vary wildly between states . 
  what the us has done very well is make the national government responsible for interstate matters . 
  in europe , except for a few things , it 's pretty much all a mess of bilateral disputes for this sort of thing . 
  a functioning european court system would go a long way to starting to make it work as well . 
  i think it would have been far better for the irish people to wait a few years when the uk was actively decolonizing and have more political solutions than civil war . 
  of course nobody could have known the future but you ca n't say that it led to a better life immediately following the independence . 
  it was all over the news here how they said they would go forward with only a majority of seats . 
  this was in the last few days if you missed it . 
  are there many independentists in the overseas territories ? 
  having french territory all around the world seems to be a major strategy for being influential for france . 
  corsica could develop that way and the overseas territories are rather important militarily . 
  and everyone seems to forget that france is all about military interventions just because they were against the iraq folly . 
  well part of the problem is the catalan nationalism is absolutely negative and vitriolic to the rest of spain from whom they would need support ( also to join the eu ) . 
  so i think with a more positive message and packaging it as a reform to true federalism , it could be possible . 
  even in scotland the anti-england sentiment really was n't all that prevalent . 
  one of the yes campaigns big selling points was maintaining close ties to ruk . 
  just read this thread to get the difference in attitudes . 
  catalonia is n't really trying to negotiate either is the issue . 
  i get that rajoy 's government is shitty , most of us think so . 
  so wait until a new government and try negotiate that . 
  this is all pretty much under the current government as a response to the financial crisis . 
  the entire point of having a constitution over regular laws is to make passionate change difficult but they 'd rather go for passion . 
  basically after the pujol shit ( remember how the independentists always used to complain about how madrid was so much more corrupt , and now they do n't ) the independence movement has to get more and more bold to not be run out of town . 
  i 'm always shocked at the argument that you ca n't be native in more than one language . 
  so somehow it goes to being not native spanish speakers . 
  i have personally seen cvs where people will put catalan/english/french / a2 german or some shit and then spanish last . 
  i get you can have a preference for one language put trying to actively put political views that indicate you are hostile to people that can give you a job seems absolutely astonishing to me . 
  there is no real push for independence because they are poorer and get money from the rest of spain . 
  they have plenty of their own culture and own language . 
  basically it would have to be a vote by all of spain according to the constitution . 
  things must have been wonderful in ireland after that . 
   everybody loses their shit over ukrainian sovereignty pretty much everyone around here agrees that crimea should be ukrainian and the annexation was bullshit even if they could have passed a legit referendum . 
  the ukraine idea is promoting territorial integrity , how is that in any way in contra ? 
  due to parliamentary sovereignty the british government can grant the referendum . 
  spain has a constitution that would n't allow a referendum but pretty much nobody has pushed to change it . 
  it 's all horribly fucked up . 
  england is far more dominant in the uk than castile is in spain . 
  basque country , asturias , galicia , andalusia , valencia are all very relevant . 
  my company is basque but a lot of operations are in madrid . 
  i live and work in madrid , but if i get a big contract , it gets signed under basque laws and under basque taxes . 
  just one example . 
  it 's really a huge advantage for medium sized companies but big companies certainly use it too , see iberdrola , bbva for two massive examples . 
  baques are now generally pretty content with the current setup of special tax laws and making shitloads of money off of the rest of spain . 
  we would almost certainly move our catalonia office to bilbao in that case . 
  it 's just too costly to not know what tax/legal situation is of an affiliate . 
  denmark wo n't recognize the independence nor will spain so you can just keep going as if you were spanish . 
  so no worries no matter what happens . 
  just to correct you as people confuse terms and the distinctions are rather important . 
  the right so seek work is the freedom of movement right . 
  that is universal within the eu/eea . 
  schengen is simply the lack of structured border controls between countries ( i 've still had random checks ) . 
  for example , you have the right to go work in romania or ireland , though you would require a passport/id card check in order to enter . 
  it 's the same here . 
  we are over 22 %, 
  what 's ali g doing with that old woman ? 
  not if they are in eea and want access to the single market . 
  you are also free to move to norway or iceland for precisely this reason . 
  hey . 
  we have a fence too . 
  an economically viable fusion reactor would be the single biggest human invention since being able to create fire at will . 
  the fact that it 's scientifically possible and fundamentally and engineering problem means it could be solved , too . 
  the problem is the timeframe is too long and there is too much uncertainty in results for it to be commercially viable for too much in the way of private r&d funds . 
  this should be one of the top priorities of public r&d for the entire world . 
  basically unlimited , clean , base-load energy that is no more dangerous than any other high pressure steam plant and only costs the infrastructure to create it as fuel costs are negligible . 
  we have ad\u00e1n y eva which is the exact same thing . 
  well , you can be found guilty , but you are also free to refuse to pay . 
  then there can be anywhere from strongly worded letters to military action to enforce this sort of thing . 
  in practice if it were to ever get to that point , you could probably expect some tariffs on your goods and maybe some exclusion from international organizations . 
  basically where argentina is right now . 
  to be even more to the point . 
  the point of national courts is to interpret national laws . 
  if i pass a law , saying all cars manufactured in country x are to be subject to a 25 % import tax . 
  then manufacturers from country x are free to sue in national courts , but national courts will just say ... `` well , that 's the law '' . 
  what the isds allows is a method to determine if there is discrimination in the trade deal and they get to say , `` pay these damages because your discriminator or you no longer get to participate in the deal '' . 
  nobody loses any sovereignty over the issue , if you do n't want to follow the deal , withdraw from the agreement .
