  it 's not like you have to pay more for the bonds that you 've already issued , that contract is signed and sealed . 
  and paying the existing bonds should be part of your current budget so if you use borrowing to get back to a balanced budget , then no , future price rises do not affect it . 
  but it 's going down because of the economic recovery , so by forcing lowered spending you are hurting the recovery that is lowering the deficit already . 
  all for what exact objective , i ca n't really tell . 
  spain has always had pretty solid public finances . 
  ( the bailout was for bank recapitalization and the crisis was mostly private debt ), 
  `` here , i 'll sell you x product for 50 % off '' `` no thanks , it will be more expensive in the future '', 
  right , then it should be reevaluated . 
  but interest is not more right now , so we should n't pretend like it is . 
  that 's like saying i should n't ever take a great deal on something because it will cost more money again later . 
  the realities on the ground are that we still have a huge unemployment rate and the cost of borrowing is super low . 
  it would be ridiculous to lower the deficit by a huge amount and hurt the economic recovery when you can borrow for under 2 %, 
  i 'm guessing just primarily agriculture workers . 
  i know a few venezuelans in guadalajara that work in madrid , so that may be it . 
  what is the definition of foreign here ? 
  just not holding the citizenship of the country of residence ? 
  does it include naturalizations ? 
  the head it guy in my company is romanian . 
   to be honest , i ca n't find any real explanation to why romania is the second ( and sometimes first , depending on data ) foreign nationality . 
  it 's not that near to spain ( further than morocco at least ) and romanians do n't speak spanish , unlike latin americans . 
  learning spanish is fairly easy from romanian . 
  there are a lot in italy for the same reason . 
  being someone that works on engineering projects , that sounds very plausible to how the planning actually happens . 
  i do n't know what they want from edificio espa\u00f1a . 
  they have a foreign investment ready to convert a shameful monument to the crisis into luxury space and they 're more worried that the fa\u00e7ade wo n't be exactly the same . 
  i get it 'd emblematic but it 's not that historical and it 's always been private anyway . 
  it just seems like they 're against it because pp was for it even though it was a solid plan . 
  it does n't rest on the seafloor . 
  it 's just floating there , still . 
  but the flooded legs act as a massive keel . 
  i 'm so fucking glad i 'm in downstream . 
  that just looks terrifying . 
  and refineries tend to be somewhat near population centers . 
  si is not metric for example a kilometer is not an si unit nor is a gram . 
  i do n't know anywhere that has speed limits in m/s . 
  i think `` barleycorn-dick '' could be a wonderful term of affection . 
  fathoms are still used in measuring water depth . 
  hands are used in measuring horses . 
  in fact everything around horses is just weird . 
  in the uk , 1 gallon equals 10 pounds . 
  that 's pretty reasonable , too . 
  i do engineering and metric is n't some magical thing either for conversion . 
  maybe if everyone used si , but that is n't true . 
  oh you need to convert your flow rate from m ^ 3/h to l/s , just multiply by 16.7 . 
  your pressure is in kg/cm ^ 2 and you need it in kilopascals ? 
  just multiply by 98.1 . 
  things like this pop up all the time . 
  the current government seems to be fine gutting plans for private investment and then being shocked when those investors no longer want to keep investing once the cost/revenue structures are drastically changed . 
  see : edificio de espa\u00f1a and the whole fiasco around the vicente calder\u00f3n, 
  the plans just got vetoed . 
  the government wants to keep the private investment but says they should have less of the profitable parts of it . 
  and most of the zone is either train tracks or an open construction site as of right now . 
  comparing daily swings in overall gdp measurement is pretty ridiculous to top it out . 
  it 's a long term measurement . 
  i 'll give the argument from the madrid side . 
  i 'm agnostic about the existence of a referendum , but i do agree with madrid that a government must follow the laws as they are written . 
  not following the law because it 's convenient is a much more dangerous precedent . 
  catalonia agreed to the spanish constitution overwhelmingly ( iirc , it was like 90 % yes ) and without boycotts like what happened in the basque country . 
  that constitution prohibits a referendum . 
  if you want a referendum , you have to go change the constitution and the independence minded parties had plenty of opportunities to try and force the issue when they were needed to form governments in the past . 
  they 've never really pushed hard for a change in the underlying law and it probably would have been possible if worked for in a constructive manner . 
  in stead , the catalan government and mainstream spanish politicians have had disagreements since the financial crisis and they just go antagonizing each other and ruin any goodwill to hopefully actually get anything done and just leave the situation hopelessly fractured . 
  the 2:1 was unusually strong . 
  that was the fucked up environment around the property bubble and it seems everyone forgot how insane oil was in 2008 , too because it crashed so hard after lehman collapsed . 
   why is that the european markets have fallen more then ? 
  when you value all of them in usd , ftse is pretty much in line with the rest of the european major markets . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  inflation would be good for them , too since they are exporters . 
  yes there are times when inflationary policy is a major problem , but that does n't make it universally true . 
  it 's like saying that turning right on a left curve made you crash once so you should always turn left regardless of the circumstances . 
  ( not trying to make a left/right political point there ), 
  i 've never been to austria , but in germany and netherlands ( accepting cards ) is not the same thing as accepting visa/mastercard . 
  it 's often just maestro which we do n't have . 
  yes because the choice is between 0 % inflation with deflationary pressures and completely debasing the currency . 
  a healthy currency should be 2-4 % inflation . 
  well the language is called catalan . 
  also they may not speak it in barcelona . 
  if they did they 'd be flattered but then think it 's weird you speak catalan but not spanish . 
  ge has a pretty big presence in shannon . 
   and not full of all the hate towards hipsters and startups that berlin is full of barcelona seems to have gotten pretty hostile toward foreigners recently . 
  you 'll see plenty of `` tourist go home '' graffiti around . 
  and yeah , you 'll end up in that group even if you live there so long as you do n't speak at least basic spanish . 
  well , at least in spain , part of the requirement is to have health insurance . 
  so they are contributing even by using health care . 
  right , it 's designed to increase inflation through increasing the velocity . 
  but it 's not `` printing money '' . 
  i just find that to be a really pernicious oversimplification of what the whole program is since it leads to a lot of public misunderstanding and anger over the policy . 
  but schengen has exit controls . 
  if they are going to try and cross illegally , the current agreement does n't change much , then . 
  just a nitpick because it 's a pretty nasty misconception . 
  qe is not printing money . 
  it 's just moving future liquidity to the present but does n't fundamentally change asset values that are out there . 
  i do n't know a single eu country that does n't have a visa like that . 
  it would be ridiculous not to , you basically get people that spend money earned elsewhere in your country . 
   it is anything but `` real '' . 
  this is speculative value . 
  well no shit . 
  the whole damned thing is speculative based on buying and selling in the market until any of the stocks actually goes for an m&a or tries to delist itself to declare its value . 
  you ca n't just say the currency is speculative but the equities are somehow more `` real '' . 
  they all reflect the emergent price points people are willing to buy and sell at .
