  this can get into a very existential question of `` what is money ? '', 
  that 's one of those questions that 's simple , then complex , then kind of simple again , then just kind of crazy . 
  especially with fiat currency . 
  but yeah , essentially money is debt and debt is money . 
  you ca n't see zero as some magical number . 
  the difference between 0.5 % and -0.5 % is the same as 2 % and 3 % . 
  what matters is the rate relative to inflation . 
  if they were yielding half a percent with a 2 % inflation rate , the situation would be objectively more dire . 
  that said , there is a theoretical floor for negative rates for when it becomes cheaper to pay the costs to hold physical notes . 
  british bonds are still safe . 
  there 's basically no risk that the uk will default . 
  the inherent risk is in currency since they are denominated in gbp . 
  i 'm vehemently anti-brexit and think it 's one of the stupidest policy decisions of a major country in recent times , but there 's no reason to be hysterical about it . 
  but it 's not really , it 's just moving future non-liquid assets to the present . 
  the balances are the same in the `` real economy '' . 
  even if the central bank 's balance sheet is expanding , that 's why it 's non traditional expansionary policy . 
  because it 's massively risky . 
  and it still is . 
  basically 1.30-1 .33 compared to the dollar with a bit of a fluctuation on both sides . 
  yeah , that 's why i use my gps speedometer to know how fast i 'm truly going . 
  in my opel , the indicated speed is usually close to 10 % over the true speed . 
  gbpusd had a post brexit shock but then has been pretty stable since then . 
  well , as much as you can call a little over a month as stable . 
  we 're going to have to wait to see what actually happens with article 50 talks and see some much more longer term data to really know exactly what the result is . 
  something that you do n't think about if you do n't have a lot of money is where do you put it all ? 
  if you have even a couple hundred thousand , then it 's perfectly fine in a bank account or any other kind of standard account and has government insurance and everything . 
  well , say you have a couple hundred million you need to park somewhere ? 
  well , you could put that kind of money into a bank account , but it 's only as secure as the bank is and they 're just going to take it and invest it . 
  if their investments go bad , then your money is gone anyway so you might as well just invest it yourself . 
  you could buy insurance on that money , but a situation where banks are failing is likely to have insurance companies failing , too so there 's still risk . 
  now , let 's say you do n't want that kind of risk and we 've already said bank account are out , well now what ? 
  the solution is to buy government bonds and treat them as essentially cash . 
  of course there 's still risk the government defaults , but if we get to the point where germany is defaulting on its debt , we have much bigger issues than money . 
  now , why pay for it ... well , what else are they going to do ? 
  that security is worth something and it 's by far the safest , so you are going to have to pay for keeping your money somewhere either in payment or accepting risk . 
  realistically , the whole crossing zero thing is actually pretty meaningless mathematically . 
  it 's not uncommon for bonds to have been below inflation rates ( which is what matters ) , it 's just that the inflation rate is basically 0 now . 
  there is a point where if it gets negative enough , it will be more cost effective to store physical notes and that 's going to be the price floor . 
  but that 's not free either ( physical vault space , security people , insurance , etc. . . ), 
  worth it, 
  nope , i 'm ditching us . 
  i still cant figure out if spain is actually demanding proof of renouncing these days or it 's still just the oath . 
  but regardless it 's the law in spain anyway and i 'm more than happy to comply . 
  i do n't know if it 's good or bad , but at least there 's a definite process to follow , even if it ends up in a third round of elections . 
  i feel like they 'll process my citizenship and i 'll be able to vote in this by the time it 's all over . 
  it 's down 1 % from q1 . 
  right , but the banks were able to be bailed out because of the power of the ecb and the whole of europe . 
  those of us that needed bank bailouts would not have been able to handle it alone . 
  the only spanish bailout was bank recapitalization ( public finances have never been bailed out ) . 
  neither do we . 
  basically no . 
  just keep on negotiating . 
  rajoy got the support of some of the nationalist parties from catalonia and basque country but that means he wo n't get support from citizens whose whole raison d'etre is unionism . 
  there was going to be a vote next week for the investiture , but the king will decide today if he is nominated and it 's looking like he will decide on a `` reflection period '' . 
  the graph i linked to is the activity rate which is about economic activity . 
  you can see the number back for almost 15 years . 
  as i mentioned , it has been shockingly strong for how deep the crisis has been . 
  while it 's off a bit from the 2008 peak , it never really fell too far below pre-crisis levels . 
  also being on an unemployment register or not has no effect in these surveys . 
  well , yeah . 
  but it 's not like the idea of working illegally started in april so seeing the evolution of the numbers over time is still informative . 
  the underground economy has always been an issue and it 's why spain can even function with the nominal numbers this high . 
  and the response to the original point that looking at employment figures is somehow more `` believable '' than the unemployment rate follows the same logic . 
  the people working illegally just are n't going to show up in either . 
  so you 're suggesting that the random people they interview are lying about their personal situations ? 
  you can read the methodology [ here ] ( http://www.ine.es/daco/daco43/resumetepa.pdf ), 
  i do n't know why you say tourism is n't real . 
  but that will certainly have an impact here , though usually the full impact of the tourist season is seen in q3 . 
  while yes , a lot of the demand is seasonal , a particularly strong tourist season can bring in lots of money and jobs that stimulates domestic demand as well and can have a lasting effect . 
  also , many people will live the whole year based on income made in the summer tourist season . 
  ine is very trustworthy and thorough . 
  you just have to know exactly what they 're measuring which is percentage of people that are economically active with work . 
  well , yes , but that certainly did n't start since april 2016 . 
  you can use the tool i linked to in a separate comment but [ the economic activity rate ] ( http://www.ine.es/consul/serie.do?s=epa836&amp;c=2&amp;nult=100 ) has been shockingly strong through all of this . 
  though yes emigration has certainly played a factor . 
  here 's an interactive site in english ( go ine ! ), 
  that lets you explore rates by region . 
  i do n't think they are unreliable . 
  there is a degree of uncertainty since it 's a survey , but that does n't mean it 's unreliable . 
  they just fundamentally measure different things, 
   respect democracy what , exactly , does this term mean ? 
  i consider following a democratically ( and overwhelmingly so ) approved constitution to be respecting democracy . 
  or is it respecting democracy when a government can just make up rules on its own without actually following laws on the books ? 
  i dislike the queue analogy because it 's not like a country that enters consideration later must join after all other considered countries . 
  scotland would have to join as a new member , and that has some major issues , ( schengen/eurozone membership being the main ones ) . 
  but overall it would probably be a pretty quick process ( at least as these things go ) because scottish law already exists separate from english law and is eu compliant . 
  the legal review could be done in months rather than years and not require any revisions . 
  i 'm quite frankly disappointed it was n't more as a lot of the other news from employment is quite good . 
  either way , things are moving in the right direction even if we are still with lots of problems . 
  probably my favorite part of spain . 
  i do , however , want to know how they managed to get as catedrais beach with nobody there . 
  it was basically just a censure from the eu to say they are actually following through with following national budgets . 
  it was all optics and things are getting better anyway . 
  so you got exactly what you asked for and blame madrid when it turned out to be a shitty deal ? 
  that 's not the opposite of what i said . 
  it 'd be a lot harder to figure out the percentage of people that voted that are still alive but i 'd be shocked if more than half were dead . 
  spain was a much younger ( demographically ) country back then . 
  i just did some rough calculation based on ine for all of spain and 40 % of voting aged spaniards would have been of voting age for the constitution as well . 
  hardly the `` most are dead '' that you portray . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/together_for_yes#table_of_political_parties til 27 % is more than 41 %,
