  not like anyone 's ever heard of santander or bbva or anything . 
  yeah , the hqs are technically elsewhere , but the main operations are in madrid . 
  yeah , it 's incredible how much hollywood influenced to make english such a universal language everywhere . 
  music is a lot more international , though . 
  the development of rock kind of volleyed between uk and us for awhile . 
  this is what happens when you generalize uk politics to the entire eu . 
  right wing here is massively pro-eu and the left is the most eurosceptic . 
  do this more , they should buy even more oranges to protest the evil eu . 
  - valencian farmers, 
  the question was about scotland being an eu member . 
  you have to include the time for scotland to become a country that is able to even start the process first . 
  being a bilingual * gestor * ( basically a bureaucracy harbor pilot ) is already big business on the coasts . 
  they 'd be the ones to deal with it . 
   i would never guess that the guy of the video is not a native spanish speaker really ? 
  that 's very similar to my accent ( as far as i can tell ) and most people say they can tell that it 's not native , just because there 's a little something off but ca n't really tell where i 'm from . 
  still ignoring all the time it would take for scotland to leave in the first place . 
  is uk part of single market ? 
  if yes , no external negotiations . 
  it 's that simple . 
  they are free to leave the single market under wto rules tomorrow , it 's just that it would be catastrophic . 
  why , they get that money from the central government but get all the revenue from the tolls to the local government . 
  it 's perfectly logical from their point of view . 
  i 've been thinking about it , but i have n't seen as many jobs there . 
  i 'm certainly tempted . 
  but just the fact that there are so many fewer people means there are far fewer jobs . 
  i mean , all of ireland has as many people as just madrid . 
  funny enough my name is actually very irish , but i grew up in the us . 
  ( do n't worry i know the difference between being irish and being part of the irish diaspora ), 
  but the laws are n't part of some subtle society wide issue . 
  they are about discriminating on specific causes . 
  you 'd have to find people that explicitly deny people based on their height in that case to win a case . 
  racial discrimination absolutely still happens , but it 's generally impossible to prove unless it 's part of a long , ongoing pattern or someone is stupid enough to actually be explicit about it . 
  [ text of the letter ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-39431070 ) it 's beyond the character limit of a reddit comment . 
  the tolls are competency of the catalan government . 
  well , sex , sexual orientation , and age are protected . 
  the rest is basically not enough of a problem to be worth a government intervention . 
  go work to make a lot more money for awhile . 
  basically go save up to be able to come back to spain and be able to buy a flat mostly in cash . 
  https://www.gov.uk/discrimination-your-rights/types-of-discrimination i 'm pretty sure the uk is n't a marxist hellhole . 
  i 'm fairly liberal , but i do think there needs to be some amount of government protection against blatant discrimination . 
  the uk has decided those criteria are what determine discrimination . 
  can you provide a good reason , economically speaking , why refusing to provide service based on melanin content is in any way violating economic freedom ? 
  i do n't deny he 's a racist . 
  ( banning cooking curry would be a non-racist way to go about it ) . 
  just saying that repeatedly cooking it really does leave a smell that does n't go away . 
  i happen to like that smell , but the essential oils do seep . 
  one of the best curries i 've had is from a super white guy from newcastle for what it 's worth . 
  not if it 's based on skin color . 
  i 'm white as a cloud and love curry . 
  the spicier , the better . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of south asians that do n't really care for it ( or at least wo n't cook it ), 
  proper asian curries really are that bad . 
  it 's common for indian families to have a `` spice kitchen '' which is basically just a small closet with a stove and venting to make cooking safe . 
  it 's sole purpose is to isolate the curry cooking there . 
  i was honestly thinking of moving to the uk in the not too distant future for awhile but the complete uncertainty around this makes that a lot less attractive option . 
  no , that 's not correct . 
  this has been repeated a lot , but spain 's position is that it will recognize scotland so long as the split is accepted by westminster . 
  from that point scotland will have to apply just as any other potential member and meet all the criteria . 
  presumably the legal review would be pretty easy ( but should definitely be more than a formality ) and it is yet to be seen how the financial aspect would be handled . 
  reformation of the kingdom of england . 
  i wonder how much the welsh would like that name ? 
  i really think it will happen that way just because of fishing and oil . 
  they have some prime waters and would be stupid to allow other countries to come into them if they can avoid it while still maintaining access to the common market . 
  and like it or not , as a small country they would n't be that influential within the eu regardless . 
  there are all sorts of shades of fta . 
  that said , they have said they are going for a very hard brexit , particularly with leaving the customs union and single market . 
  i mean even wto rules is some sort of fta , it 's just not the best terms so the short answer is yes there will be an agreement for fta , but as the saying goes , the devil is in the details . 
   eea is exactly what most english elites want , fta with selective immigration policy to appease the masses . 
   eea is not a selective immigration policy . 
  it 's full freedom of movement rights . 
  look at how many people on the left defended espinar with his flat sale . 
  i mean , i get you have to be fair in criticisms , but you have to realize political parties are filled with humans and all of them will have people who have done shit and you have to be just as willing to cut it out of your own party to have any credibility , imo . 
  i also see ni as a specially administered area within the customs union and make the customs border for crossing the sea so it 's a lot more invisible . 
  we have a domestic customs border in spain between the canaries and the mainland and lots of people do n't even realize it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_mouse_that_roared_ ( film ), 
  the question is if uk will automatically allow visa-free travel to everyone in the eu . 
  adjusting from now , i think it 's acceptable but it would be a more restrictive change from the status quo . 
  i think the big issue here in the immediate future is serbia and bosnia . 
  if bosnia gets free movement in the eu , either the uk accepts them visa-free or there will be a major hole in the border security . 
  i know there are some differences between irish and uk visa requirements now , but they are mostly edge cases with the biggest being s. africa . 
  i think being a ryanair flight and a coach away really changes that as it would be so easy to migrate illegally to the uk . 
  this puts georgia on about as equal footing in the eu as japan ( well , probably way less influential , actually ) so nothing at all to do with it . 
  just means they can travel to the schengen area without getting a visa first . 
  no ... this is not fake news . 
  embellishing a title is not the same phenomenon . 
  that shit was literally just inventing fiction and passing it off as news . 
  it became a buzzword and now it 's used for anyone to talk about any story they dislike . 
  i 'm not that well traveled through a lot of the eastern european countries , but the two most boring cities i 've been to in europe are geneva and helsinki . 
  helsinki had cold people , food that was n't particularly inspiring , and maybe two or 3 streets that looked alright but basically nobody out walking around ( and it was still like 5\u00ba so not terrible for local standards ) geneva just feels like a residential business meeting where everything closes at 6 pm and restaurants are ridiculously expensive . 
  also , the other side of the street has lots of trendy restaurants now . 
  there was basically no snow on the ground yesterday . 
  this morning it was snowing quite a bit in the northern suburbs but still nothing sticking . 
  but yeah ... the caja madrid should give away the age . 
  it would have been mostly a symbolic attack ( not that it is n't important ) but most senators and representatives do their actual work in the various office buildings surrounding the capitol building . 
  and hitting the dome would n't destroy the chambers . 
  that said it would have very likely killed my father , so i 'm pretty grateful that it did n't happen . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omgjsyqhe0w this is not a new idea . 
  eh ... i mean when the massive extra security method is ... bollards which are already widely used as a security thing ( but for pedestrians from accidents ) , it 's not that hard to deal with compared to other threats . 
  us polls often state the .95 confidence interval and just call it the `` margin of error '' and it 's * usually * \u00b1 3 % for as imprecise as it is , i think that 's a fairly good rule of thumb . 
  you also have to remember that the data points are n't independent .
