  that 's all great and works well to campaign but now everyone seems to realize that the priorities of various issues is very different for different groups and now that it 's necessary to form pacts , nobody wants to give up their particular priority so they basically have to form pacts within the organization before even going to the table and at that point it 's so fragile they basically ca n't give up anything to negotiate with any seriousness . 
  tl ; dr ; left is fragmented like always, 
  podemos seems to be having a hard time getting agreement within podemos . 
  they editorialize shit like crazy but wo n't out and out make up facts like that . 
  i 'm starting to think this is a catholic vs. protestant thing . 
  do n't know why , though . 
  an italian and a spaniard together . 
  it 's great because talking louder and slower ( and generally more obnoxiously ) actually works to make us understand each other . 
  i 'm originally from the us where you can just walk up to complete strangers and talk like complete friends . 
  it 's not at that level , but it 's a pretty normal thing to talk to stranger on public transport around here . 
  my favorite is the flights to madrid from heathrow . 
  when they first try to call the flight all the spanish people form an agglomeration that is basically queue of the fittest while the british people just look on aghast . 
  it 's not wanting it so much , but even in small groups , spaniards tend to group themselves very close together . 
  the whole idea of a detached house is very uncommon and everyone gathers in small bars near each other even in small towns . 
  it 's a very social culture . 
  i just think of the new year 's concert . 
  i guess my biggest thought of common people things would be ski resorts . 
  exactly why . 
  basically the us saw how horrible smog could be back in the 70s with los angeles ' air quality out of control and implemented some pretty strict guidelines . 
  especially back then , diesels just could n't cut it in that regulatory market and is the main reason why petrol has such a controlling share of personal vehicles there . 
  europe 's engine makers had bet on diesel and when it was starting to become clear that they really were worse for local environments , the whole carbon reduction thing happened and they got governments to go along with them as the `` less polluting '' option because they emit less carbon . 
  and while true , the reduction of carbon really is n't worth the damage it has caused and i firmly believe betting on diesels has been the greatest policy error as a bloc in recent decades . 
  nobody would even think about allowing market prices of fuels to actually be reflected either where petrol is significantly cheaper and would help alleviate the problem all on its own . 
  basically that cars in europe cause much worse local air pollution . 
  cars in the us tend to emit more carbon , though . 
  i mean . 
  that 's pretty much exactly what happened on 11-m, 
  they 'll just take taxes from bank accounts as they are owned ( they can and do do this ) . 
  and any bank that wants to operate in the rest of spain will have to follow spanish law . 
  so basically catalonia would need a completely separate banking infrastructure and then make sure everyone would use it . 
  la caixa already said they would move to madrid in that case too . 
  so my question is how does catalonia actually plan on getting any money ? 
  yeah they want to set up their own tax agency but the central government will also demand the taxes from catalonia and businesses that operate in both parts will have to pay . 
  if they actually force a double taxation situation , thing will either get insanely expensive or businesses will just move to basque country or madrid . 
  like , i still do n't see how this works out well in any way without catalonia being very economically isolated . 
  i get that a lot of people would rather be poor and be rid of spain , but i really doubt it 's the majority and the technical details just seem to be escaping a lot of people . 
  we drove up to andorra for some skiing . 
  one good day and now rain and little snow . 
  i mean , i 'm not against a referendum in general , but a government has to operate within its laws , otherwise it 's a really dangerous precedent . 
  the fact that nobody has even talked about changing the law to allow a vote until the current negotiations is what seems to be the most ludicrous thing about the whole mess . 
  there is no cup , only mas . 
  my question is what prevents them from just saying jxsi wants mas after a govt is formed ? 
  i use atocha cercan\u00edas daily . 
  not that comforting . 
  birth rates there have fallen dramatically . 
  a lot of it is because of education of women . 
  despite alarmism and a lot of extremism right now , i 'm actually fairly optimistic about the long term prospects of the arab world . 
   people are more concerned about getting their party in power and making the other party/parties look bad than they are about actually fixing problems . 
  that 's pretty much the case no matter what . 
  democratic systems allow you to punish people by getting them out of power if they fuck up which is the advantage . 
  fringe ( i mean small representation , not necessarily ideologically ) groups tend to come in 2 flavors those that will lend support to coalitions or other parties in exchange for small , but relevant favors and those that will just yell at everything and be angry and not actually try to achieve anything . 
  the die hard ideologues tend to be the latter . 
  i do n't know what to believe about china . 
  they 've been lying for a long time to at some point to get back to reality , they were going to have to have `` correction '' numbers . 
  their stock market is basically like a casino . 
  the best measure i 've truly seen for china is just looking at quantities of shipments going in/out, 
  also , in a foreign country , you should just request consular assistance . 
  it 's still the holiday period here . 
  but i have worked every workday except christmas eve and new year 's eve . 
  i actually like it though , i just bullshit on reddit making sure nothing goes terribly wrong in the office and i can take the car to work without the terrible madrid traffic issues . 
  and my holidays start tomorrow so i 'm very happy about being off to andorra for some quality skiing . 
  yeah , they are a fairly typical fringe left group . 
  they probably got extra support this time around because if your primary issue is independence you had the choice of the unified list with artur mas at the head or the cup to vote for independence . 
  they really mismanaged the outcome and may have been able to force mas out if they had been very firm from the beginning but that 's just pure inexperience . 
  by junqueras shutting up , he may well have made sure that erc gets the majority of the independentist bloc . 
  never interrupt your enemy while they are making a mistake and all that . 
  so jxs\u00ed could have formed a government if they were willing to ditch m\u00e1s but just goes to show when it really matters that him staying in power was more important than any idea they professed . 
  the biggest winners out of this are likely to be podemos ' affiliate in catalonia which is pro-referendum and uses that to not have a strong stance either way on independence . 
  it 's unclear if erc and cdc/dil ( m\u00e1s ' party ) will run as a single list again , but probably unlikely at this point . 
  the current declaration appears dead in the water . 
  this also makes the situation all that more complex regarding catalonia in the negotiations to form a government in the national parliament . 
  the big winners out of this is likely to be the podemos affiliate in catalonia which as a pro-referendum stance and uses that to kind of side-step taking a strong position on independence . 
  it 's yet to be seen if cdc/lid ( mas ' party ) will run together with erc as a unified list again , but it seems pretty unlikely at this point . 
  capital gains is still much higher than corporation tax . 
  the change uk should make is make travel days in/out of the uk count as a half day toward residence rather than a full day and you can get rid of commuters to monaco or isle of man . 
  honestly , gas prices are really visible an annoying but as a percentage of most people 's budget it 's really not that high so even a 50 % or more variation will have only a minor impact on people 's habits, 
  i grew up in the center of the country and it 's fairly normal to have to dodge holes in the middle of motorways . 
  wow , someone who actually understands taxes around here . 
  it 's also good if a company hoards a bit of cash in reserve as it means they are able to better survive economic cycles and keep people employed that keeps the cycle from getting worse . 
  i get that it sounds bad but man , you 'd think i were hitler for most people when i say that corporation tax should n't exist . 
  the government helps that by making taxes much lower there . 
  things like gasoline get way cheaper . 
  a fun side effect is you technically have to declare customs for domestic flights from the canaries . 
  few people do and if you are buying a nice laptop or something , people will often just fly down there for the weekend since the savings can be almost as much as the cost of the flight . 
  filled up for 0,92 $ / l today in central madrid . 
  feels good . 
  this was discussed ad nauseum when it happened . 
  it was given as cash so it 's income . 
  but even if it were capital gains ( that way to lower the burden ) it 's still much higher than the corporate rate . 
  it may play into it , but new elections are almost certainly worse for them . 
  they are having major problems in their internal conflicts . 
  the last thing psoe wants is new elections . 
  they are falling and now could have a leadership battle during a campaign if that happen . 
  it 's possible s\u00e1nchez is able to somehow maneuver to allow a government to be formed , possibly by having soraya replace rajoy and see if he can survive in his own party . 
  if he fails , it will mean new elections and be very bad news for psoe in general . 
  podemos has figured out the grand way of getting their base from catalonia without actually having to have a strong stance on the in/out position by making it all about the referendum . 
  it wo n't happen so they can keep riding it but if it were , it would split their base in catalonia in 2 . 
   but the targeted public does . 
  they are uk citizens . 
  if they sell in the uk , they should pay the uk gov taxes at uk tax rates .
