  and when i said `` i hope there is '' i meant i hope they implement . 
  that said , she was awarded money , it 's just still in the judicial process ( but that started way later than the initial investigation ), 
  basically . 
  now the paris agreement is making that more complicated as there 's likely to be some form of cost for emitting carbon . 
  as a committed liberal , i favor just putting a tax on carbon emissions and let the market handle it . 
  that could increase the price of gas plants to be competitive with other renewable sources . 
  also , there is n't much in the way of real data for new nuclear designs . 
  of course the elephant in the room for energy generation is fusion power . 
  of course it 's perpetually `` 20 years away '' but people seem to think that means that we are where we were 60 years ago . 
  we are very close to break-even with fusion power and that will completely change the whole idea of human energy consumption . 
  i mean they will fundamentally change the cost structure to a similar degree that liquid fuels have changed the way we think about transportation, 
  to be precise , all thermal solar is used for heating , it 's just what you use that heat for that changes . 
  but yeah , it 's very common to augment hot water systems with solar heaters in the south of spain as it 's very economical compared to gas or electric heat . 
  i just found a siemens report ( so someone interested in selling the tech ) that offshore wind is about 0,14 $ / kwh cost in 2013 . 
  in the same period onshore was 0,08 $ / kwh . 
  coal and gas for the same period are around 0,06 $ / kwh . 
  the biggest improvement mentioned in the article is increasing turbine capacity , but that ca n't really be done much more for onshore facilities because of size limitations . 
  ( you can build a hell of a lot bigger in the sea with nothing around and being able to use boats for logistics ) that said , from what i see , most of the other improvements are also applicable to onshore wind ( control improvements , better materials , etc. . . ) so it would mean that while offshore would get cheaper , it 's still significantly more expensive than onshore , but presents less legal problems both for regulation and land-use and is a lot better for nimbyism than on-shore ( though obviously still suffers ) . 
  solar pv is around 11 cents now and thermal solar is higher ( do n't know exactly ) but it 's biggest cost challenge is the amortization schedule since it 's so much initial investment with a very low opex . 
  even with coal , it 's better as fossil plants are more efficient because of scale and running at higher temps . 
  also , it leads to easier pollution control since it 's all emitted at a single point . 
  one of the biggest effects would be that , under its current organization , easyjet could not operate intra eu flights under a uk certificate . 
  ( switzerland is n't a member and this is why easyjet switzerland exists ) also , all route authorities would have to be renegotiated . 
  as it is right now , the eu ( for purposes of this explanation eu and ecaa will be used interchangeably even though they are very much not the same ) and us have an open skies agreement which means that us airlines and eu airlines can have unlimited flights between them . 
  without being a part of this agreement , the uk would default back to [ bermuda ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bermuda_ii_agreement ) which would be a massive blow to the developments of routes and the use of heathrow as a connecting hub ( many airports only had rights to gatwick ) it would also make airfare between the us and uk much more expensive since it will lower supply . 
  now there 's also the issue of foreign ownership . 
  as of right now , ba is owed by iag which is a spanish company and one of the three large european airline conglomerates . 
  normally countries do n't allow foreign companies to control local business , so there 's a good chance iag will have to devolve ba into it 's own company and only own a minority share . 
  the uk seems to be ok with de facto foreign control , just so long as they stay at or under the 49 % equity threshold . 
  ( virgin atlantic is essentially a delta subsidiary ) . 
  why could n't a federal state work as a monarchy ? 
  i am pro-federal spain and apathetic toward monarchy or republicanism . 
  as an aviation enthusiast , european common aviation area is a massively important one that could really affect the uk 's civil aviation industry . 
  that said , being an eu member is not a prerequisite , but the relationship could change it 's not really clear . 
  the uk can not impose restriction on irish citizens , eu or not . 
  irish citizens already have more rights than eu citizens in the uk and are not considered foreigners . 
  what serious movement seeking to secede from spain is n't looking for independence ? 
  basque and catalan movements both want an independent state . 
  free movement is perfectly compatible with border controls . 
  that 's currently the case between uk/ireland and the rest of the eu as an example . 
  i know , i think it 's just an issue of degree . 
  i just do n't think the issue of bolivians or namibians illegally migrating between the uk and ireland is enough to warrant that much action . 
  it could be very different when it 's a ryanair flight away . 
  that said , i did n't realize south africans were allowed visa-free to ireland . 
  that seems like a fairly major way to get around migration restrictions for a large group interested in doing so . 
  at least double mono . 
  i usually listen with just my right ear and i could n't figure out what was wrong . 
  are there any other serious secession movements in europe that are not seeking independence ? 
  that seems like a pretty important distinction . 
  while all true , worth remembering that the fact that norway only has 5 million people really helps amplify the effect . 
  i mean , just a 3 % return on that single fund would be around 5 % of their total annual gdp . 
  eh , it works for french overseas regions . 
  there are border checks between those areas and metropolitan france , though . 
  i mean , it 's really up to the uk if they will accept domestic restriction between ni and the rest of the uk or not . 
  i think a customs border is increasingly likely but that 's more or less manageable . 
  there are currently customs land borders within the schengen area for switzerland and norway so it 's possible . 
  that said with sharing a common border , the uk will have to allow visa-free access to any eu member state . 
  as of right now , if they put a restriction on bulgarians/romanians , then a physical border becomes necessary . 
  the bigger problem on the short term horizon is bosnia . 
  will the uk complain about sovereignty and then just roll over to allow visa-free entry to any nationality that joins the eu ? 
  i suspect not and that will require either a physical border between ireland and the uk or a special status for n.i. 
  and border checks between the uk and n.i. 
  in either case , i imagine ireland would join schengen at that point . 
  i love his voice , it 's very melodic . 
  i really hope there is some sort of whistle blower protection . 
  the one positive thing i can say , is most of this took place while pp was in power with an absolute majority both in madrid and nationally . 
  i think it 's a very good sign about the seriousness of the justice system in rooting out corruption . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone knows it 's not just opening a branch office in dublin , those all already exist anyway . 
  the issue is the whole clearing operation will have to move . 
  again , everyone has known this the whole time . 
  it 's not super cheap in spain ( we have primark , after all ) , but it 's basically a direct h&m competitor . 
  is pull & bear in n. america now , too ? 
  was n't the uk really close to getting much more liberalization in the eu services market earlier this year ? 
  kind of ironic now . 
  ilves always seemed like a really good representative and had a lot of poise and earned or not , the classic ivy league american accent really helped on the world stage to give an image of more of a statesman . 
  i 'm an immigrant to spain but i 'll give it a shot here . 
  * spain is 100 % multicultural and very diverse . 
  castellano is the main language but there are a few others ( also , just do n't get into if valencian and catalan are separate languages , it 's a rabbit hole you do n't want to go down ) * like i said , i 'm an immigrant so it 's kind of unique in my situation but i really do define myself as an adopted spaniard . 
  while what i said about multiculturalism is very true , i also think the various cultures are more alike than anyone really wants to admit due to a lot of shared history . 
  for the rest of it , you 're getting at some really fundamental questions that will not have a consensus . 
  i will say i think personal decisions are the most important but they can absolutely be influenced by one 's culture . 
  i think this manifests itself in small ways more than big philosophical ways though . 
  things like how you behave as a group in public ( yes , spain is loud ) . 
  i 'm a strong believer in emergent behavior and rules so i do n't think you can really disentangle individuals from the culture as a whole . 
   i 'm not german , so i just laugh along . 
  i also do n't mind slovenian stereotypes because i 'm croatian , and croatian stereotypes do n't bother me because i live in slovenia . 
  what 's a slovenian stereotype ? 
   5 ) optimistic . 
  i believe the lower fertility rate will certainly have an impact on social security , but luckily there have been several reforms to avoid a catastrophe since the 90s . 
  i do believe that there are thousands of very talented , highly skilled and entrepreneurial mexicans who will move this country forward by a lot in the upcoming years and decades . 
  it 's been happening as the situation improves but there are a ton of mexicans in the us that have started businesses and learned a lot about being an entrepreneur that may move back as opportunities grow . 
  iirc , net migration between the us and mexico was toward mexico recently . 
  i may be asking too much , but do the cartels have a bureaucracy then ? 
  like do they just have a local guy that knows everyone or do they actually keep files . 
  like you call into an operator to see someone 's * ficha * ? 
  where in madrid ? 
  for science . 
  the only good mexican place i 've found is * jalape\u00f1o *, 
  yeah , that sounds like there 's lot of regulations involved . 
  i would n't be shocked if they are right for all the wrong reasons and just do n't explain it well .
