  they are n't the same thing . 
  i speak spanish as my primary language but wo n't ever be a spanish native for a counterexample . 
  it was a joint thing between the univerist\u00e9 de lyon in villeurbane and ecam on the hill below the basilica . 
  lyon to montpellier is only like an hour on the train . 
  right but central banks work by buying and selling on the open market , they just do n't have the power to fundamentally give people money out of nowhere . 
  that 's a fiscal policy and the governments could certainly do that and finance it ( the us did exactly that during the recession after september 11th ) the problem is something like over half just went to financial institutions anyway since it was mostly used as savings or to pay off debts , which is n't a bad thing in itself , but the money was specifically to be used to stimulate consumption . 
  i spent a summer there in university and i love that city so much . 
  i would much rather live there than paris as it 's very urban with lots of culture and history , but a very short trip to get outside of the city to either the mountains or the beach . 
  also , we understand not everyone can afford onions so it would be considered indecent to kill those who ca n't put onions in their tortilla despite being clearly superior . 
  hopefully with greater economic growth , more people will be able to put onions in their tortillas . 
  i 'm '87 and yeah . 
  i remember having to actually set up a time to meet people and actually be there when you said you were because there was no way to get a hold of people once you left . 
  i grew up with an internet connection , but it was n't a universally useful tool and you had to really know how to search for things , knowing a bit of html massively helped just to navigate . 
  the computer would break all the time so you had to know how to take it apart and diagnose the problem , reformat , etc. . my parents had a business and uploading data was usually fastest by putting it on magnetic tapes and then sending those tapes by courier . 
  ( still can be for massive hard drives , but orders of magnitude more data ) . 
  it was a weird transition . 
  thing have gotten so user friendly that most kids now ca n't tell you much about how the actual computers they use work . 
  it 's kind of like when people started getting cars . 
  you basically had to be a mechanic for the first cars since they would break so much but they were so simple . 
  now you have to know very little about how a car works to drive one . 
  is this the line where we can go drink whiskey and talk about what medicines we need to take ? 
  the whole point of a healthy inflation rate is to slightly penalize holding cash on the sidelines without reinvesting . 
  it provides an incentive to continually create wealth . 
  the fundamental misunderstanding is thinking that the wealth is the same thing as the nominal value of the money . 
  monetary policy does not work that way !, 
  this could be done by the eu providing it in a budget , even deficit spent by use of eurobonds ... good luck selling that . 
   it works very similar to a federal state . 
  it really does n't . 
  it 's a mess , but it 's a mess that has yet to fall apart . 
  but one of the most important parts of a federal state is that the competencies are clearly divided between the central government and the members of the federation and are equal among everyone . 
  spain just kind of does it ad hoc . 
   though some as a second language . 
  the idea of first vs. second language is n't like that . 
  almost everyone that grows up in spain speaking catalan as a first language also speaks spanish as a first language . 
  linguistically speaking it just means that you grow up speaking it at a native level rather than learned later in life . 
  my kids will grow up speaking spanish and english natively and therefore have both as a first language even if spanish will be the dominant language . 
  a kebab costs like 10 $ there , it 's nuts . 
  the country has tons of natural beauty . 
  geneva is the famous city but it 's super boring and if you are in the area , lausanne just feels so much more lively . 
  did i mention it 's expensive as fuck . 
  for as much as i disagree with their opinion pieces , the guardian does do good reporting on breaking news and serious investigative journalism . 
  not to say they do n't have an agenda that should always be remembered , but it 's still solid journalism . 
  i personally lean right , so that 's not a political thing for me . 
  so the youngest areas of spain are almer\u00eda and murcia . 
  i find that to be very surprising . 
  though it would be pretty great to have a family there , honestly . 
  putin wants there to be a territorial dispute over crimea . 
  it means he gets to control the black sea ports in a de facto nature while ensuring nato wo n't get anywhere near ukraine . 
  under the possibility that ukraine could recognize that pro-west politicians just give up and accept that getting rid of a large russian minority would help them consolidate if they just ceded crimea , he also sent soldiers on holiday to donetsk to make extra sure that there are territorial issues . 
  well yes , but export based economies generate wealth that way and that transfers to employment in other areas from increased consumption by the people that benefit from the exporters . 
  it 's really just arguing that economic growth is good . 
  a lower value duro would massively help export based economies, 
  you may hear that in germany but germans tend to be rather dogmatic on the issue . 
  yeah . 
  i simplified it but private actors are just not involved in criminal prosecutions in common law . 
  another interesting aspect is that in common law , only the state can bring criminal charges against you while it 's possible for private actors to do so in civil law . 
  ( obviously the state can as well ), 
  lots of common law is based on a constitution . 
  the us being the most obvious example . 
  well yeah , because we were n't in a government inflated bubble in the first place . 
  the crisis was very different in each country and while there was some massive overspending at the local level , the crisis in spain was by far an issue with private funds . 
  that 's why we needed to borrow to help deal with the demand collapse ( and why inflation would have helped because it 's easier to inflate than internally devalue ) . 
  the point being spending more on infrastructure or whatever during the boom would have been better because we were punished with unsustainable bond rates regardless . 
  i 'm fairly right on the political spectrum , too , i just get pissed at how dogmatic people are about fiscal policy when it needs to be adjusted depending on the situation and then act like spain 's government finances are anything like greece 's just because we both had economic crises . 
  maybe , but if we 're going to get forced to not run deficits when we need them anyway , what 's the difference ? 
  it was n't until draghi came along and actively started buying bonds from the ecb that the rates fell . 
  i mean , it needed to rise . 
  the issue was a complete collapse of demand and massive unemployment . 
  so really , we should have had massive deficits . 
  the whole idea is you lower debt load when doing well and then spend when you need to keep demand propped up . 
  the problem is most countries do n't actually go through with the first part . 
  and even though spain did , it got fucked on the bond markets regardless so lesson learned ... do n't lower debt load . 
   yes as basically 80-90 % of financial decisions that are made before 2008 and thus before some eu-wide financial reforms , are made by national politicians . 
  so i take this as recognizing spain 's commitment to paying down national debt ? 
  i 'm not as negative , but the ecb has been a major problem for having tight monetary policy for way too long . 
  also , for spain the deficit rules really should have been relaxed a bit more while we were not `` technically '' in recession , growth was really weak and we had been better about deficit rules and paying down debt than germany pre-crisis . 
  so by acting like that , the lesson is it 's not worth it to solidify finances when times are good because you 're going to get fucked anyway . 
  it 's absolutely included . 
  those are some of the largest expenditures out there . 
  education is portrayed as hyperexpensive in the us and it is a lot more , but the salaries are generally so much higher that it is more than made up for . 
  the problem is the people you see on reddit are those who are still in the paying off the loans phase , but eventually they get paid off and you get to keep all that money . 
  it 's not ppp for 26 year olds who have been to university , it 's population wide . 
  it 's not false , it 's just nominal . 
  what you are talking about is the ppp adjustment . 
  they both have their place and for pure international clout , nominal tends to matter more . 
  really the best way to see things is nominal total gdp and per capita with ppp as that 's a better quality of life measure . 
  protection from russia launching an idiotic war that drags the population into it ? 
  the font on the number plates is a huge one . 
  also the design of the crosswalk man is the same as uk . 
  i get that . 
  but saying there is literally no correlation is just as crazy as the opposite . 
  yeah , but if you guys learn spanish , you basically get catalan thrown in for free . 
  i mean , my go to phrase is `` eu falo portu\u00f1ol que \u00e9 falar em espa\u00f1ol com un accento exagerado '' or something like that . 
  i 've been around portugal a fair amount so i kind of get it , but it 's still hard and i got just about zero the first time . 
  also , just doing portuguese duolingo for like a month is enough to deal with portuguese just fine for a spanish speaker . 
  portugal has a really high rate of english speakers . 
  it 's like night and day with spain where english gets you nowhere . 
  guiri is used nationwide . 
  though i consider myself fully integrated here and i use the flair as a joke . 
  italian fucks with my brain .
