  the former head of the valencia council had her entire team arrested for corruption but they have n't got her yet and he refuses to sack her because she might not be guilty of a crime . 
  meanwhile the head of the madrid party , who by all appearances appears to be clean in that respect , resigned because corruption happened under her leadership ( it was way late , but still an appreciated gesture ) . 
  most pp voters want him out at this point but he wo n't go anywhere . 
  he 's also bitching about psoe trying to form a government that will fail when he outright refused the king in trying to form a government because he ca n't do it and would have to resign then . 
  i do n't know how i feel about s\u00e1nchez in psoe , but i really respect that he is willing to put this up for a vote , knowing full well that it will probably mean that he wo n't be in charge of his party afterward . 
  doubly so because the leadership will most likely go to someone he personally hates . 
  i have said before that their fundamental problem is the way the party is organized . 
  they had issues with growing quite quickly so they basically made a bunch of alliances with local groups and the national leadership is comparatively pretty weak compared to to other parties . 
  they were doing great so long as they did n't have to , you know , actually do anything beyond the local level because everyone more or less agreed with most of their ideas . 
  well , now comes time to actually put things into action and part of negotiating a government program is a give and take of priorities . 
  well , all these separate groups , while they all agree on principle , have vastly different priorities for the importance of each thing . 
  some people see corruption elimination as priority number 1 , some people see economic changes , some people are for classic left-wing social changes . 
  now add to that spanish regionalism and the valencian group already formed their own parliamentary group that 's aligned with podemos but is n't them . 
  it appears the catalans will likely run as a separate list and they wo n't negotiate anything without a referendum . 
  in a lot of places it 's not even clear what list to vote for that is actually `` podemos '' . 
  so in the end , they are so hampered by negotiating with themselves that they ca n't move anything to make real negotiations with other parties . 
  it 's pretty true what pp says about the agreement for a government , but psoe and c 's are really playing their being unwilling to negotiate anything really well . 
  they have a hard core ideological group , but that 's probably about half the people that voted for them , and i honestly think they do n't realize how much they have to lose by being so inflexible . 
  they really have managed to paint both iglesias and rajoy as a problem due to inflexibility . 
  but yeah , i thought it was completely ridiculous when podemos , the junior party with basically no administrative experience , demanded that they had the interior ministry ( police ) and intelligence services under their control . 
  interior , foreign defense , and to a lesser extent health ministries are the ones to me that really seem to be more about actual operational effectiveness rather than politics and i would n't want either podemos nor ciudadanos ( as someone who will vote for ciudadanos ) there in their first run at government . 
  are the works there done ? 
  last time i was there it was all under construction . 
  hopefully a new round of elections can teach people to not be so idealistic and try to negotiate based on a program , not who they are negotiating with . 
  i think it 's healthy to have a coalition that has members that do n't agree on everything because it keeps the government focused . 
   the ecb 's near two-year long experiment with negative interest rates has been a complete failure , and deflationary pressures across the eurozone are actually getting worse , not better , despite the efforts of europe 's central bank to try and boost growth . 
  those are the best efforts ? 
  the qe pales in scale compared to what uk and us did . 
  they are meek and hampered by dutch and german opposition to loose monetary policy . 
  do you know about your tax obligations as a us citizen ? 
  number of countries is n't necessarily the best measure . 
  which countries matters a lot . 
  i have a us passport and can get into equatorial guinea , but ca n't get into brazil . 
  not to mention the crazy fee to get into argentina . 
  colombia is worse than venezuela for stability ? 
  i find that a bit hard to believe ? 
  i mean , your original question , it 's all people eligible to work . 
  so it would exclude migrants without papers . 
  but aside from that , it 's usually self exclusion of people not looking for work ( stay at home parents and people that are independently wealthy , for example ), 
  this is discussed every single time and eurostat uses the same methodology for all countries and it 's not based on who is collecting unemployment but rather random population surveys . 
  no it does n't measure underemployment or discouraged workers , but that 's just not what this measures . 
  this is the answer to the question of `` what percentage of people are currently looking for a job and are currently economically inactive '' and yes , being a student counts as active even if you want to work more . 
  i mean espresso here . 
  but you would n't go to starbucks and ask for just a coffee unless you were meeting someone there and just wanted to buy something to fit in . 
  you go there for the frapuccinos , the pastries , the other random flavored drinks they have . 
  we have them with espresso machines here in spain . 
  but you do n't go to starbucks for regular coffee . 
  we 're not as snobby as the italians for coffee but it seems fairly similar in general . 
  he 's up there with slim , gates and buffett, 
  ortega is n't just zara but all of inditex which includes quite a few brands . 
  i do n't hate , i will go around portugal speaking spanish at people to get what i need while not understanding a word that 's said back so i 'll just speak louder and slower to make sure my point gets across . 
  it 's really very effective . 
  norway has more oil for far fewer people . 
  also north sea production is n't what it used to be . 
  there are sea crossings but they are not nearly as frequent . 
  often they are to the canary islands . 
  the biggest factor everyone seems to forget , though is that we have a land border at ceuta and melilla so why try the risky crossing when you can just go at the fence in a massive group and some will certainly get over . 
  you 're still paying for that , even if you do n't see it as part of the salary . 
  especially if you are in a field where it 's hard to find workers like most fields that require degrees as that 's money that could go to salary . 
  the repayment is much more forgiving , though . 
  you basically owe nothing until a certain income threshold and then pay a percentage above that and it 's forgiven after a certain time . 
  the statements by rajoy that this is mostly an advertisement for a new election campaign sound pretty true to me . 
  not that i think that 's a negative thing though . 
  so assuming this fails the big questions to be answered seem to be : * who will take over psoe ? 
  though this seems to be pretty clear to be susana d\u00edaz who is currently the leader of andalusia . 
  she has a very cold relationship with pedro s\u00e1nchez ( they hate each other ) and who knows what direction she would take the party . 
  * will podemos hold together ? 
  the valencian part of podemos already formed an independent group of mps , but it seems like a strong possibility that the catalan wing will try to do the same and maybe even the galicians . 
  podemos seems to have a coherent set of ideals , but they are a very bottom-up organization and the various components have very different priorities for which is more important meaning they have to basically negotiate among themselves and are quite limited in what they can cede . 
  * will pp actually be held accountable ? 
  the amount of corruption news in recent weeks has been absolutely massive . 
  almost the entire former government of valencia has been arrested and the leader is still free in the senate though she is under investigation now . 
  rajoy is still protecting her and even right wing media is being pretty merciless with how bad all of this is . 
  ahh , i believe what i heard was that current illegal entries are more than 50 % from asian countries . 
  so yeah , the derivative , not the absolute number . 
  mostly from having reinforced the border and mexico 's economy actually doing alright . 
  is n't something like close to half of all illegal migrants in the us are from asia ( between india and china ) that come over on airplanes and pass through regular immigration checks and then just overstay ? 
  does n't mean i 'm not annoyed at sweden about it , though . 
  and i frankly think they are a better negotiating partner . 
  really , i think it 's something that the eurozone needs to go through with alone , though . 
  i would say the most current is forming a banking union . 
  i do n't get it . 
  it 's better for everyone . 
  it lets us keep the advantages and actually plow forward toward more integration without the uk yelling about it and holding us back . 
  it really is a win-win . 
  honest question . 
  can you guys seriously vote anywhere ? 
  how do you deal with preventing double voting since you guys do n't have id required either ? 
  eh , i travel for work and it 's hard to beat the deals you can get in the us . 
  germany and netherlands is actually pretty good on price as well . 
  i 'm 185cm and spanish buses and trains are generally designed for people much shorter than me . 
  i love going to netherlands because everything fits me . 
  never mind needing anything over a size 46 shoe in this country . 
  there was a lot more support during the cold war , but basically ever since the invasion of normandy the usa has provided the majority of the actual military power in europe . 
  obviously only counting the capitalist side of the cold war . 
   maybe when stinky charles is king i 'd be kind of surprised if he did n't immediately hand it over to william . 
   you are not born with power , wealth , or consideration . 
  you earn it . 
  i 'm sure the bettencourt family has the same chance at having a child make it as a family from a random banlieue, 
  luxembourg has a dapper duke .
