  i typically wear a suit most of the year , or at least shirt/tie/jacket combo . 
  but i refuse in the summer unless i have a specific meeting that day that requires it . 
  and then i 'll usually do a short sleeve shirt under the jacket and drive rather than take transport just to have ac all the time . 
  fyi you might enjoy this ad for pizza . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6txyvvgmmk0 suddenly overly stereotyped mexican . 
  seriously , just grab a picture of all the people in suits arriving to azca at 830 . 
  i mean , it 's a daily thing , not hard to find or predict . 
  i do when i can on fridays , but i do n't have kids yet and have the afternoon off . 
  but it 's a full on 3 hour nap to recover from the week , not 20 minutes to relax . 
  i married at 25 . 
  my wife was 23 . 
  it made sense for a variety of reasons . 
  we basically had to combine finances since she ended up not working for awhile and i 'd rather combine than hold some sort of weird power dynamic in giving an allowance . 
  not to mention immigration was a factor and international relationships generally have to be headed toward marriage sooner rather than later . 
  so yeah , living together and sharing finances is n't ideal without the legal protections of marriage for both sides . 
  at the end of the day , it 's a contract and a useful one . 
  4 years and going strong . 
  it 's at the end of being low risk . 
  normally risks start going up at 35 or so . 
  though it 's becoming increasingly normal to have children past that age . 
  given the socialists are in complete disarray and wo n't be getting into power any time soon ... yeah , the central government wo n't give a fuck about it . 
  they 're going to vote for the socialists no matter what , so nobody will cater to their votes . 
  i know he grew up in new jersey , but ilves ' american accent always takes me by surprise . 
  that would have to get past a spanish veto which would be unlikely . 
  people , in general , do n't get all nationalistic about the issue like the politicians , but it 's generally seen as just a source for smuggling ( the bp on churchill road after the airport just filled with booze and cigarettes is ridiculous ) and a tax haven . 
  people wo n't be too fond of trying to accommodate that and it 's not about wanting it to be spanish . 
  though if there are restrictions a lot of spaniards that work there will suffer and there will be a massive shortage of workers in the territory , too . 
  spain would veto an independent gibraltar membership . 
  the word poor ( pobre ) has the same double meaning in spanish . 
  it was a joke . 
  also if you are starting with a base of already knowing italian , you can learn spanish very quickly . 
  i 've known italians that got the language down in just a couple months of study . 
  the only big errors at that point were some weird false friends and some of the conjugations . 
  i have a friend in madrid who is swedish but she grew up here . 
  she 's 180 cm and very very blonde but a native spanish speaker ( as well as swedish ) people are sometimes surprised when they hear her . 
  the crazy part is the uk was actually doing really well with forcing the services market to be even more open until they shot themselves in the foot . 
   employment rate is a better underlying indicator of labour market health , as it cuts out both students and retirees . 
  just to clarify for others , it 's the unemployment rate that does n't count these people . 
  to be counted as unemployed you have to be actively seeking work and students and retirees are excluded from the figures . 
  the eu did force them to not base a decision on nationality . 
  protecting fishing rights is a big part of why norway and iceland are n't in the eu . 
  i grant that british fisherman are legitimately worse off in the eu rather than out . 
  but that said , basing a decision on the entire uk economy on fishing is madness . 
  spanish fisherman would often outbid uk residents for rights because galicia is poor and has very low costs so they can afford more for the rights auction . 
  people miss nominal growth for real grown a lot of the time . 
  it 's entirely possible to not grow in real terms but be growing in nominal terms with a constant population . 
  the idea is that inflation makes it so just having money is n't a sufficient long term strategy , you need to be able to make that money work better than others . 
  yeah , but i think the word `` republic '' flows a lot better than `` rep\u00fablica '', 
  in english , i 'm ambivalent , but i do like * chequia * better in spanish . 
  it just sounds better . 
  they specifically said it was n't malicious . 
  it 's an interesting point about how long these legacies can last in some ways . 
  i work for a basque company in madrid . 
  i want that ave so bad . 
  relying on planes through the winter weather to bilbao is shitty . 
  ave is happening already , it 's just slow . 
  but i think there will probably be an exchange of support . 
  pp supports pnv in euskadi and vice versa in the congress . 
  i always thought it was interesting that there is a massive net inflow from the atlantic at gibraltar due to evaporation . 
  it 's why the med is saltier than the atlantic . 
  that 's from america . 
  it circles back the other way from europe . 
  my experience of dealing with roma in the us was that they actually mostly either kept to themselves or stayed within generally poor areas so most people are n't even aware that there are that many . 
  that said , i worked at a casino and they would try to scam us for every little thing constantly . 
  that was near chicago so there are definitely a fair amount around there . 
  i know there 's a large community in new jersey as well . 
  not really , it 's basically a registration with default to accept compared to a visa where you have to be specifically accepted . 
  the idea of specifically accepting versus specifically rejecting is pretty significant in my mind . 
  electronic registration seems to be a big trend these days anyway . 
  spain is n't a nuclear power and the african territories are not covered by nato . 
  german bunds are literally at negative interest rates so people will literally pay the government to borrow money and they still wo n't run deficits . 
  i 'm sure they can find plenty of shit to invest in but do n't because of ideology . 
  i can say from spain that after lowering the debt load for years , we need a high deficit for a few years because of the profound crisis . 
  honestly a reasonable inflation rate would be a bigger boon , but the german attitude is that even the ecb mandate is too high . 
  i would love to see some sort of eu wide social security fund . 
  pensions right now are insane for people who work in many countries during their entire career . 
  most brits i meet in madrid get on quite well , actually . 
  a few had some issues with the language but everyone tries . 
  but yeah , the enclaves on the coasts are insane . 
  i usually end up speaking spanish in london , even it it 's just randos at a pub . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i think you 're thinking of having an eu subsidiary in order to invoice in the single market . 
  that 's very much not the same thing as passporting . 
  yeah , and that was a big argument against brexit , but they 're going ahead with it anyway . 
  there can be some fundamentally incompatible issues with the law that require a physical border . 
  yes it 's insane . 
  yes it 's chaotic . 
  yes it jeopardizes the good friday agreement . 
  i still see it as more likely than ever . 
  well yeah , but it would be a customs border which is the big issue . 
  also , if uk wants to put visas on , say , romanians or bulgarians , ireland is prohibited by law from doing that so there could easily arise a conflict of visa policies that would require a physical border . 
  the question is what kind of rates they could get for ruble denominated bonds . 
  russia 's economy has been remarkably stable all things considered , but the currency not so much . 
  you guys are likely to be the child stuck in the middle . 
  i 'm seeing a physical border constructed on the island of ireland being more and more likely . 
  you think ireland would join schengen in that case ? 
  i never meant to imply bias was a bad thing , but acknowledging it 's existence is important . 
  i obviously care a lot more about europe as it affects my daily life since i live here and all that so i pay more attention to european and generally western based news . 
  i do n't think it 's a fault , but i just need to recognize that so i do n't make statements that can be generalized when it 's not appropriate . 
   maybe !,
