  this is only true if you are an eu citizen ( granted the vast majority of people living in the eu are eu citizens ) . 
  i live in an eu country and do not have the right to move to any other eu country because i am not an eu citizen but rather a resident of spain . 
  basically if i wanted to get a job in , say , the netherlands , i would have to apply as any other non-eu national would . 
  schengen has always had exit controls . 
  also , immigration policy is set at the national level and has nothing to do with `` europe '' . 
  the only thing residing in a schengen country gives you is the right to physically be in another schengen country . 
  you have no right to live , work , benefits , etc. . . in any country other than where you have your residence . 
  i think it is , but we love to stamp everything down here . 
  everyone seems to have an official stamp for everything . 
  the bureaucracy is n't the complicated mess it used to be , but that 's definitely one of the remnants . 
  i would care more but i really hate my passport picture and my job will pay for my replacement since i need it to work , so i 'm hoping to fill up the pages faster . 
   as of recently , they do n't stamp your passport any more if you have a residence card . 
  they most certainly do at mad . 
  the only other airport i have left schengen from recently is hel and they did n't stamp me there . 
  also i do get the uk stamp . 
  first us immigration is pretty on par with uk immigration control in my experience . 
  at least for non eu citizens . 
  also , what relevance at all does people doing something illegal elsewhere have on the argument at all ? 
  it 's just a clusterfuck of a fudge to make the border with n. ireland work well with the locals . 
  freedom of movement in the eu makes it not much of an issue for eu citizens . 
  for citizens of other countries , it can be horrible . 
  for example , you are allowed 6 months visa free in the uk but say you enter via london and then enter ireland via ferry or bhd and drive it , then you have no irish entry stamp so you could spend 3 months in england , go to ireland , spend another 3 months , and then go back to england and appear as an overstayer even though you are perfectly allowed to be there . 
  or say , a citizen of bolivia that can enter dublin visa free but then requires a visa to be in the uk , even though they can just take a bus across the border with no enforcement . 
  not to mention the ludicrous arrangement of needing to prove you 're from the cta to not require passport control at dub . 
  so you need your passport to show that a passport is not required . 
  the most amusing part of ber is that they completely failed to build an airport where an airport already existed because they failed to properly account for the fact that smoke goes up . 
  that said , as someone who does large projects , i can just imagine the feeling of complete dread that will slowly overcome you when the verification tests come through with `` failed '' . 
  so you have a meeting to discuss the punch list and you slowly realize that it is a complete structural problem that existed from the design phase and makes all your work pretty much worthless . 
  but how would they know they overstayed prior if there is no record being kept of departures ? 
  seems as of right now there is no real way to enforce overstaying by itself and generally goes with getting caught for something else . 
  it seems schengen has also gotten much more strict recently on these rules as well ( at least in spain and other airports i 've been to ) . 
  it used to just be a stamp without thinking for me ( us citizen ) but now i definitely have to show my residence card every single time . 
  i 'm 1.85 and being in nl is a dream in that respect . 
  it 's like everything is designed for my height . 
  public transport seats do n't crush my knees , my feet do n't stick out from beds ( not a problem in nicer hotels in spain , but definitely happens in some cheaper ones ) . 
  i can even buy shoes ( though that 's pretty much any northern country ) . 
  since it seems most of spain is incapable of selling more than a 46 and i need a 47 . 
  at least decathlon has running shoes for me . 
  i 'm not freakishly tall , but it 's really obvious this country was designed for smaller people , especially older infrastructure . 
  ( i will always hit my head on madrid metro line 1 ), 
  seems reasonable . 
  i mean afaik , they have no way of determining who is an overstayer if they do n't actually get caught . 
  and it wo n't be that much of a hassle since you have to go through controls when leaving anyway . 
  my biggest issue is that the mess that is the cta needs to be fixed . 
  cta works great for eu citizens , but for other citizens , the whole different visa regimens for both ireland and uk makes the matter more than a little complicated . 
  though it means my passport will fill up that much faster ( non-eu citizen resident ), 
   teachers with barely passable pronunciation . 
  i remember i met an english teacher once so i decided to switch over to english since i miss it and like to speak it as much as i can . 
  i 'll give you i have a strong american accent , but it was crazy how little she understood at a natural pace . 
  i do n't even know how to handle it when i have kids and they will be native speakers but will still have to learn grammar and spelling and everything . 
  spanish food is all about exploiting natural flavors and not so much through spices ( though of course we use them ) . 
  you have to search to find good asian food and good mexican is even harder to find ( the poorer mexicans that tend to be better cooks all go to the us ), 
  they have the exact same veto power as germany . 
  who knows how it would be after elections but even the government here is fairly hostile to the greek position . 
   it is an attempt to win support for syriza 's actions now and in the future by creating a common enemy . 
  netherlands and finland are probably the biggest problems for the greeks , but they are happy to let germany be vilified . 
  i see a couple of those in madrid from time to time , i 'm mostly shocked they are able to find street parking . 
  my biggest regret moving here was not buying a ridiculous car or mustang or something to be able to resell it for double the value without paying import taxes . 
  if i ever move back to n. america for an extended time , that 's definitely on my list of things to do . 
  heh , when i 'm back in the us and i get to have lots of spicy food and i always say how much i enjoy it , i invariably get `` but do n't they eat lots of spicy food in spain '' at which point i have to go through the spain ! = mexico speech . 
  also they may have spent a fuckton , but they have several fucktons left . 
  en madrid concretamente . 
  it 's kind of shocking to see all the bilingual stuff at the regular supermarkets on the coasts . 
  it 's not chilly for most of spain either , but when you have construction designed to make things cooler at 40 degrees , it actually is quite chilly inside . 
  i doubt even norwegians like to keep their interior below 15 . 
  well a lot of people will just use private insurance since navigating the public system is next to impossible if you do n't speak spanish and you can guarantee an english speaking doctor with private visits . 
  the biggest issue for health costs is for the more expensive urgent care that requires a hospital stay . 
  it would be really weird to go to a private hospital for an a&e type situation . 
  children of working parents would also count , no ? 
  that could eat a fair percentage . 
  i agree that it 's way too high of a percentage of workforce but there are plenty of other options . 
  ( stay at home spouse , children , etc. . . ) 1 worker could easily be supporting 3 others that are in the country and not working . 
  the biggest issue is most do n't register with their local council so the funding can be wildly inappropriate for how many people actually live there . 
  there 's a lot of younger people that are there to be able to serve the older people in english . 
  also , i 'm in madrid so i do n't see retirees , but there are a decent number of brits here just working normally . 
  today i learned i do n't need heat in the winter because apparently it 's always hot here . 
  even on the warmer coasts , the housing is built to get rid of excess heat so when it 's 10 degrees in winter , it actually feels fairly cold . 
  not uk , but i have to go into my phone 's network settings and manually enable it . 
  it 's `` itinerancia '' in spanish but i think it would translate to roaming . 
  contracts for a big infrastructure company . 
  when you see headlines about companies selling more abroad ... that 's me, 
  fair enough . 
  going abroad for me is like once or twice a week recently . 
  it was stupid but as someone who travels to the rest of europe a lot for work , it 's really convenient . 
  i usually do n't show id in germany . 
  even though it 's iberia policy . 
  there is an obligatory id check in spain though so i 'm used to it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the uk has a method to remand criminals prior to trial . 
  sarde\u00f1a is galician . 
  cerde\u00f1a is in spanish . 
  nowhere near 50 % of all citizens are going to be in the workforce . 
  another issue is still calling numbers not from your home country . 
  i have a good deal but it only really works when calling to spain . 
  that said , my new company phone just includes all of europe so ... whatever . 
  france took sardignia ? 
  as much as it hurts me to say so , i actually kind of agree with rajoy that the imputados thing should be on a case by case basis . 
  otherwise you are giving the state a manner to punish simply by accusing , they do n't actually have to pass any judgement . 
  you are aware that ciudadanos is very pro union , no ? 
   solved within months when major eu countries turn their back and see that independence has been reached and is unnegotiable at this point and understand that it would be a loss for their economic interests not to recognise us . 
  remember , money goes before everything now , and if that money is backed by a democratic majority , even better justification actually , you end up with a laissez passer and in legal limbo rather than a passport .
