  but overall better than a decade or so ago . 
  i mean , you 're not going to have 2 full 777s go and not have it make a major impact . 
  that plus there were a couple of taiwanese crashes on top of all the normal small stuff . 
  i believe this would only be the second major incident of an a321 . 
  i mean , considering how awful 2014 was for aviation , we 're doing a lot better . 
  little consolation , though . 
  no worries , it 's an accurate description either way . 
  there 's a reason i try to take the train rather than drive when i can . 
  this confused me because i thought i was looking the other way since you said morning . 
  if it 's the usual traffic pattern , this is the afternoon commute as the m-30 gridlocks going north in the morning and south in the afternoon . 
  ( i live in the south of the city and work in the north , so i know it well ), 
  a little bit of context . 
  since the elections of 27 september . 
  there has n't been any formal coalition formed so artur mas remains acting president of the generalitat ( the catalan government ) . 
  the joint list of the catalan republican left ( erc ) and mas ' party democratic catalan convergence ( cdc ) did not get the majority they needed but would need to pact with the radical leftists united popular candidacy ( cup ) who said that they would not support a unilateral declaration of independence without a 50 % majority . 
  in the meantime , anti-corruption investigators were waiting in the wings as not to interfere with elections but were ready to make some arrests . 
  they arrested a few treasurers and details of how deep the corruption in the cdc have started to come out . 
  and specific details of how it happened . 
  the main example was that to win any public infrastructure project , you had to make a donation of 3 % of the contract to various non-profits controlled by the party . 
  after all these revelations the catalan parliament passed a plan to be able to achieve independence though the position of cup on this is kind of unclear . 
  there is also some major internal dissent within the cdc party regarding pacting with radical leftists . 
  ( they are center right , but have really made themselves a single issue party recently ) and just in the last few days it has come out that the catalan health system wo n't be able to pay its subsidies to pharmacies due to a 300m $ deficit . 
  in the same time period it has come out that the family of one of the main founders of the party ( who was already known to have robbed hundreds of millions ) had an additional 900m $ offshore in belize . 
  as far as the anti-independence pact goes , it appears that the third party and likely kingmaker for the national elections on 20 december is ciudadanos which is a new party on the national scene and the second most voted party in catalonia . 
  they started as a catalan regional party and are strongly unionist and liberal so having a catalan party in the middle of a unionist pact is favorable to both the psoe and pp . 
  wow ... that got to be a lot longer than i thought . 
  i 'm sure there will be plenty of criticisms but i really tried to keep my personal views out of it . 
  i do see surprisingly few motorcycles . 
  i would have thought it would be jam packed with scooters and motorcycles trying to get through between lanes . 
  20 % here we come !, 
  and that 's a positive sentiment . 
  then you are not counted as unemployed as you are not seeking employment . 
  i mean , you ca n't just count every person who does n't work but could as unemployed . 
  plenty of people live off of investiments or other passive income . 
  would you count stay at home parents as unemployed ? 
  looking for work is the standard everywhere . 
  personally i would say send them back and then sink the boat ... but yeah . 
  turkey is perfectly safe . 
  so like banning uber but allowing services like hailo or cabify . 
  kind of exactly like how it is here . 
  i think it 's because in n europe there is a lot less cultural stuff associated with religion . 
  in spain it 's perfectly natural to consider yourself culturally catholic but not actually have much in the way of religious beliefs . 
  and acela is all business class service as well . 
  you need a metroliner if you want a normal cheap seat . 
  honestly , youthful idealism is great but most things kids in their 20s can do , the people in disadvantaged places are perfectly capable of handling themselves . 
  taking years to develop skills and then deploying them can be much better on any individual level . 
  i lived in chicago . 
  it 's really not that great . 
  i mean , it 's basically you want to go to the loop ? 
  i see you said no , let 's go to the loop anyway . 
  if you do n't like it you can take an annoying bus that will come in a convoy of 5 and stop every 100 feet . 
  oh i know , it 's kind of ridiculous seeing how expensive zara is in the rest of the world . 
  i wore a zara shirt and jacket today . 
  now it 's primark pajama pants and a quechua sweatshirt . 
  i live high class like that . 
  funny enough ortega 's real estate holding company owns the building that houses the massive primark that just opened in central madrid . 
  the gates foundation does more good in the world than any western government . 
  they are also concentrated on economically sustainable development so that people can eventually make better lives for themselves . 
  particularly in fields like medicine and education that may not have a direct economic benefit but sets up society to be successful . 
  i personally do n't donate to charity because i 'd like to get my own wealth enough to not need to work and then i 'd like to donate my time to manage these sorts of projects . 
  i like it for shirts and stuff to wear to work . 
  they have some decent regular stuff that i can wear either casually or wear with a tie at work . 
  it 's not lost so much as he is transferring wealth to his foundation . 
  it 's probably much higher in spain and portugal . 
  yeah , he rigged the hell of out of the ireland act from 17 years before he was born . 
  irish citizens are not considered foreign in the uk . 
  you do n't need a passport to be a citizen . 
  you are a citizen of both countries in that case . 
  that 's an interesting combination because baseball is basically the ultimate team based strategy and is much more mental while swimming is more about pure athletic talent and ability with relatively little on the strategy side . 
  also it works much better for the transport links for everyone if you clear immigration before departure when everyone is waiting anyway . 
  it 's a lot better than arriving by train/ferry and then having to queue up again when you can just do it beforehand . 
  correct . 
  if they should be allowed in the first place is another question entirely . 
  i personally think we should just support humanitarian efforts in the camps . 
  but that said , i never once blame the migrants , they 're the ones acting most rationally in all of this . 
  if you have an opportunity to go from a poor country and make a life in europe , you go for it . 
  i would do the exact same thing in their shoes . 
  the problem is allowing it to happen in the first place . 
  but it 's not leaving them in a warzone , everyone gets out to turkey and then the men are the ones that keep on going . 
  i 'm a fan of both . 
  they are just very different . 
  look , i 'm a fan of both sports but the amount of power needed in nfl american football is so much more than european football . 
  in general this means less endurance and less agility . 
  that 's why , except for a few positions where being agile is a huge plus , nfl players are positively massive compared to soccer players . 
  at some point once you are at the top levels of being a professional athlete saying someone is more or less athletic when comparing between sports is kind of stupid because each sport and indeed each position of each sport has a different set of physical needs . 
  it 's talking about personal wealth which is hugely tied to home values , especially in countries with large percentages of home ownership . 
  unsurprisingly spain , greece , ireland had massive housing bubbles and have high rates of ownership . 
  it 's never like it was truly liquid wealth unless people borrowed against that imaginary value . 
  yeah , but that 's because the negotiation was left to the negotiators . 
  you ca n't have every country then go back and try to renegotiate it and hope for anything to ever get done . 
  so you have to force straight up/down votes on the negotiated text . 
   claims that it will be secret after implementation , or that it 's already being implemented , are both completely false . 
  also completely ludicrous . 
  i mean what is the logic behind `` we demand you follow these rules but the rules will be absolutely secret and you ca n't know them ! '', 
   small exceptions include using an before some words beginning with h. ` an historic moment ' for example , however a is also acceptable so i would just stick with the first rule . 
  this basically varies depending on accent and the style guides tend to accept both . 
  in general british accents are n't quite so hard with the ` h ' so warrant the `` an '' but accents that do have the strong ` h ' should just use ` a ' . 
  it 's a different type of athleticism needed . 
  explosive strength versus endurance . 
  you wo n't see usain bolt winning any marathons either .
