  yeah , i wrote that right before the news came out . 
  or at least before i knew . 
  i 'm mostly impressed by the corporate bond purchases . 
  that 's a huge deal . 
  seems like they are finally starting to get to a scale of action that 's required . 
  it really ca n't be done in europe . 
  it 's a fiscal rather than a monetary decision and the us can easily do it since pretty much all us citizens interact with the irs . 
  basically none of us ever personally deals with anything the eu does . 
  i honestly could n't even tell you where a single office for anything eu wide is in madrid . 
  so it would be up to the member states and good luck getting everyone on board with that one . 
  this all fiscal policy , so pretty much impossible to implement eu wide , but i remember the us did this after 9/11 . 
  it was interesting and certainly helped but the problem is people saw it as a windfall so it was disproportionately saved . 
  after 2008 they did something similar except by slightly lowering payroll taxes so people did n't see the money coming in all at once , they just saw slightly higher paychecks . 
  most people did n't even notice actually getting more money but it worked much better to stimulate demand since people did n't see it as a windfall . 
   investment grade euro-denominated bonds issued by non-bank corporations established in the euro area will be included in the list of assets that are eligible for regular purchases . 
  it can not be overstated how huge this line is . 
  see : the spanish housing market since 2008 . 
  it 's only been in the last year or so that prices have started to stabilize . 
  thank god there 's an italian in charge of the banks !, 
  10 years ago that statement would have been a joke . 
  the idea is basically to make saving and investing money less attractive so money gets spent now rather than saved since you wo n't be able to make interest on it . 
  they also want to make it cheaper for banks to give credit to people and it makes borrowing more attractive since those interest rates are lower . 
  generally the idea is referred to as moving future consumption to the present . 
  it can help get a lot more businesses going , create more employment and create more wealth in general that can be a very positive cycle ( if it works ) . 
  `` massive bond buying '' has n't really been that massive compared to what the fed or bank of england did . 
  eh , they 're amateurs, 
  i have responded to that sort of thing with `` europe invented white people . 
  and spain invented sending them en-masse to america . '', 
  the short answer is i believe markets and actual free competition provide better incentives to make an efficient society than direct government action . 
  i basically believe in a strong , but limited , state is the short version . 
  and i believe in making the state more effective in the things it does do . 
  i would say people that young people that stay in the countryside may not care so much about the philosophy of the religion but would definitely consider the norm to be very culturally catholic . 
  but yes , the trend is urbanization in general and the importance of religion is going down as a trend . 
  as far as emigration goes , we 'll see how much it matters in the long term . 
  i think there will be many that do n't come back but i do think lots of people will make it back once things pick up a bit more . 
  it 's really a decent life here , especially if you have been able to save up some money elsewhere first . 
  i 'm fairly center right and have n't been a pp supporter , but i never thought rajoy was evil like a lot of people on the left portrayed him . 
  i just always saw him as kind of weak and basically competent to be a middle manager but in way over his head to be president . 
  i really have to say the way he 's been acting and running the party since the elections has really made me actively dislike him . 
  the handling of the valencia corruption case has been absolutely shameful and the pure arrogance he speaks with nothing behind it is insane . 
  ciudadanos is clearly a key party in this as they are willing to negotiate both ways but he talks about them like they were a girl that should be dating him but went with some other guy and not like they have their own agenda they are pursuing in the first place . 
  pp will never lose the rural , catholic vote . 
  but i know a lot of people in madrid that want him out asap . 
  either way it seems new elections are pretty much inevitable now , but i really think that pp is vulnerable and can lose a fair number of seats in urban areas to c 's . 
  i also think podemos is overestimating how ideological their voters are by refusing to negotiate anything and being completely full of themselves as well and may lose a fair amount to psoe . 
  also , the spanish monarchy derives it 's legitimacy from a popular vote ratifying the constitution rather than divine right . 
  unfortunately they have more leverage at the moment due to geography . 
  isle of dogs is in london so also on uk time . 
  every single short term visa issued is issued by only one country . 
  they are also valid throughout the schengen area . 
  except there the sun goes up early as well . 
  canaries is a sub-tropical area . 
  short stay visas for any schengen country are valid for the whole schengen area . 
  it does n't matter where they were issued . 
  long term residence visas are only valid for working and social security and all that in the country where they are issued , but they give the holder the right to physically be in any schengen state . 
  source : non-eu citizen with long-term schengen residence permit . 
  basically , the sun would set at 11pm in the summer there if they were on the same time as the peninsula . 
  canaries do . 
  they have the booths manned . 
  and when entering into spain , they do n't care about passport controls , but customs is definitely enforced . 
  i 've only entered from la seu , do n't know how it is on the french side . 
   a spanish can live in portugal for decades and you still know he/she is a spanish the moment he/she opens his/her mouth . 
  romanians learn the language with the perfect accent in a few months . 
  in fairness , the opposite is equally true . 
  portuguese accents are very strong in spanish . 
  that 's a really weird time for a cook not to be in a restaurant . 
  normally they will open from around 1:30 to 4:30 or 5 and then open again at 21h . 
  honestly just sounds like a shitty restaurant where the employees just do n't care . 
  is n't that mostly because of how dutch mortgage laws work ? 
  this is the sort of thing where you need to look at incomes rather than wealth . 
  the average spanish household is wealthier than the average german household , but it just comes down to home ownership . 
  you would n't consider the germans poorer . 
  if you like churches and cathedrals , you really need to just book a ticket and drive around europe . 
  obviously the vatican is a must as well as florence and milan in that case . 
  now i may be biased , but i think spain has some of the best as well . 
  most notably sagrada familia in barcelona , cathedral of seville ( the bell tower was a former minaret from arab times ) , the mosque of c\u00f3rdoba ( it was a grand mosque , but the catholics took over and built a cathedral right in the middle of it ) , and the cathedral of santiago just among a few . 
  plenty more on top of that but those are the most impressive to me . 
  do n't worry about major government events . 
  we have boat jokes to make !, 
  if that guy married a us citizen he does have a path to legal residency . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 've been here for about 6 years now . 
  it was solidly into the crisis but had n't hit the worst point yet . 
  basically . 
  they fit the alde model pretty well . 
  not strictly true . 
  equatorial guinea was attempted to be decolonized and placed as an integral part of spain and had representatives as a spanish province . 
  so it goes down to `` foreign-born '' but even that is n't true as she was born in guinea in the time that it was an integral part of spain so legally she was born just as spanish as someone from madrid . 
  new elections will most likely be june 26th . 
  catalonia is a mess . 
  i 'll just leave it at that . 
  because the whole country is in a political clusterfuck , nationalism seems to be a bit less hot there because they do n't have the clear enemy that is rajoy . 
  i 'm generally center right . 
  i have never been pro-rajoy , though i did think it was better he won rather than zapatero and still agree with that because despite all i dislike about him , his government was able to get the painful pill through when it had to happen in the middle of the crisis that zapatero just could n't . 
  that said , i never really thought of him as the evil scheming bastard everyone on the left seem to think of him as , but he just seemed more like he was weak , was n't really passionate about anything , and could n't really control what was going on around him . 
  in a lot of ways it 's the same way i felt about bush in the us ( i am from the us ) . 
  but the way he has been acting since the election has really made me actively dislike him a lot more . 
  he talks about ciudadanos like they are a girl that should be dating him but goes for the other guy in stead and he 's bitter about it . 
  it seems really clear to me that he just expected to throw them a few token concessions and have a coalition partner , but c 's have been really good negotiators . 
  he 's also doubling down on protecting the corrupt member of his party .
