  spain 's position has never changed . 
  if westminster agrees , they 'll agree to it . 
  the official position is against unilateral declarations of independence . 
  that 's why spain wo n't recognize kosovo but has no issue with other former yugoslav countries . 
  all i have to say , is there 's a reason that you hear it the least from people who have actually lived elsewhere . 
  yeah , it 's shitty , but it 's shitty everywhere to some degree . 
  this is going to go for awhile . 
  there wo n't be elections and there wo n't be a government . 
  nobody will present to be named by the king so the clock wo n't start . 
  the problem is there 's no reason we need a government immediately for some sort of urgent strategic leadership . 
  right now , doing nothing is an acceptable alternative . 
  i really think it was the brexit issue more than anything . 
  when people get scared of uncertainty they want things that are `` secure '' . 
  yeah , they 're corrupt , but we know exactly how they will act and that 's worth a lot in a situation where things are falling apart and relatively uncertain in general . 
  not condoning it , but voting is fundamentally an emotional thing for most people . 
  nobody hates spain like a spaniard, 
  supposedly the clock starts from when the king nominates someone . 
  so i think he just wo n't and we may be headed to pulling a belgium . 
  if things keep up they 're nowhere near enough to govern together, 
  i 'm in new york but from the papers it looks like the gridlock will be worse than after december . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see what all this brexit mess means for this election . 
  i really think it helps pp and psoe because people are now worried about uncertainty so will go more with the `` devil they know '' . 
  i do n't agree with that , but it 's what i think will happen . 
  the fact that enough of the districts are small enough makes it so they become essentially bipartisan . 
  they really should change the constituency to autonomy rather than by province . 
  you can maintain the regional needs but without keeping the ridiculous percentages to enter in provinces with 3 seats . 
   and default part of our debt , they still have n't said how much . 
  while increasing deficit spending . 
  i was literally left with my mouth open when they just casually said that in one of the debates and then nobody called them on it !, 
  i 'm fairly right wing and think this is a perfectly legitimate approach . 
  we are still nowhere near the non-political inflation targets set by the ecb . 
  but irish are going to be able to live in the uk , regardless . 
  depending on if you count ppp or nominal , having access to live freely in canada and australia would be good . 
  canada especially , it would seem . 
  free movement of people to richer countries ? 
  why not ? 
   free movement between australia , canada , new zealand and the united kingdom the eu is pretty irrelevant to this and could be done regardless . 
  interesting that you exclude ireland , too . 
  that 's not what sovereignty means . 
   they might get a swiss style limit to the number of immigrants . 
  what limit ? 
  they have n't actually been able to square that circle and actually implement it . 
   i voted for sovereignty the very fact that the referendum happened and this is going forward directly refutes that sovereignty has been lost . 
  willingly following the rules of a treaty organization in order to maintain benefits is not a loss of sovereignty . 
  the spain/portugal border is mostly mountains , too . 
  iberia is a very mountainous place . 
  i 'm for them , but i do n't want gmt . 
  i do n't care about it being light out in the morning , i just want the working hours standard changed . 
  no reason why you have to go to gmt to do that . 
  we 've come a long way in a short time . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem to put the brakes on and work out the issues we have right now that are a pretty big deal . 
  this is a project that should take lifetimes . 
  remember most of the european electorate was born before the 60s ( old population plus under 18s ca n't vote ) . 
  so yeah , let people digest the change a bit . 
  the uk vote shows that the support is increasing as people grow up with europe as an inherent part of their lives , not some project they helped to create . 
  reddit can be really bad for not thinking old people have valid opinions on things in stead of stopping to think why . 
  i am pro-europe , but keeping things in perspective is important . 
  yeah , worth remembering that you do n't need a passport ( or any id really ) to live in the uk as an irishman, 
  yeah , i would bet on scotland leaving now so i think the thought of being a part of the uk is a lot different on an emotional level than being just basically stuck to england . 
  the scots provide a lot of counterbalance , if not numerically , emotionally to make it really feel like the `` country of countries '', 
  i consider myself part of the diaspora but in no way irish nor do i have a claim to a passport ( just because my grandfather was born a few years too late ) . 
  basically i just consider it from the name and being around irish churches in the us . 
  a controlled land border on the island of great britain . 
  crazy . 
  well , the uk does , too ... but ... yeah , that 's no longer relevant . 
  and when the euro is n't as much of a clusterfuck in the future , they may very well start pressuring sweden . 
  oil is exported in usd regardless, 
  listen to the norwegian on this . 
  huddled masses at dover wanting to make it to calais ? 
  i hope you like austerity and hate the nhs, 
  it 's been explicitly said that the uk will not have common market access . 
  that means restrictions on moving money to and from europe, 
  exciting does n't have to mean good . 
  well , the uk 's going to lose easyjet and tons of financial institutions . 
  does nobody understand that free movement of capital is integral to the city of london 's functioning . 
  they also pay 10 % of all the uk 's revenues . 
  so , hell of a way to `` take the country back '' there . 
  has n't the brexit vote showed enough that people vote with emotion more than actual logic ? 
  people get scared and prefer `` the devil you know '', 
  yeah , but people are going to see market collapses today and looking like economic chaos and that does n't favor newer parties . 
  pe\u00d1\u00d3n spain clay, 
  ireland is likely to get a fuckload of financial services company . 
  ireland used the same argument as the uk to get companies there plus low taxes . 
  the issue is london is such an economic and cultural force that people want to be there . 
  but now there 's no eu access to be headquartered there so tons will go to ireland for the whole english + common law + eu access . 
  if this causes a unified ireland , they may join schengen , too . 
  the whole reason people are selling pounds is because the uk will go into a recession now . 
  even the leave campaign accepted that this will happen . 
  i do n't know if i can think of a single other case where people voted for a self inflicted recession . 
   the protestants voted leave i do n't get this at all . 
  do they get it could lead to an actual border which is integral to the good friday agreements . 
  i got stuck on a layover last night due to a mess at heathrow and will be reimbursed for pounds i spent yesterday at the higher rate with lower rate pounds . 
  the eu was a massive part of the scottish referendum . 
  one of the worries was what would happen with their membership as a new country . 
  well ... now it would seem it does n't matter if they are a new country or not . 
  this is a big fucking deal for northern ireland as well and could lead to a unified ireland . 
  nobody wanted wwi to happen either . 
  also , this is likely to influence the spanish election on sunday with more people voting for the classic two parties after seeing the market crash that will happen today . 
  holy shit . 
  as an enthusiast for the air travel industry , i really have to wonder what easyjet will do .
