  in a simple referendum poll , since there are only two options , being off by 1 % actually means a 2 % difference in total margin since the people you miss from yes will actually be voting no . 
  in a multipolar race like the french first round , it 's a bit different so you can be more secure with a polling lead . 
  obviously it 's way more complicated and i only have a passing understanding of statistics , but if the last year has taught me anything it 's to actually be more trusting of the polls as objective data points . 
  and not to make a statement about why a poll may be right or wrong that said , any individual poll may be off by a fair amount so you are better by looking at aggregate poll numbers . 
  it was technically in virginia , but it 's still very much in the urban core of washington , dc on the other side of the river , but of the four hijacked planes , two flew into the world trade center , one flew into the pentagon ( it was thought that it was going to fly into the white house but could n't find it since it 's kind of a small building ) and one was intentionally crashed by a passenger revolt since they managed to learn what was happening while in the air ( that one is thought to have been destined for the us capitol building which would have been a much more obvious target in washington ) . 
  they believe they need contiguous territory so controlling syria and iraq is the immediate objective . 
  true ... this is a snapshot and not a prediction of how things will be in a month . 
  for as much as people like to say otherwise , polls have actually been pretty good for the big events . 
  both brexit and trump were well within the margin of error . 
  people seem to think polling is a much more exact science than it is . 
  i kind of hate that polls often report to the nearest decimal point because they just are n't that precise . 
  that sounds disturbingly like how trump started . 
  even just a year ago , i was n't really sure if his supporters were joking or not . 
  how is italy 's election laws for multi-party systems . 
  would it be reasonable for them to fully separate and then form a coalition ? 
  do n't be so general . 
  italy never really got into trouble in the first place , yeah they have a high debt , but they manage it . 
  spain 's only rescue was because a complete collapse of the banking sector due a massive private debt bubble . 
  so you are saying look at the 20 million people of greece and portugal that are clearly the rule compared to the 100 million people of italy and spain . 
  most of us agree that the greeks fucked up , too . 
  hell , you 'd be hard pressed to find a greek that does n't think that even if they disagree on what to do now . 
  but to generalize that to all of southern europe is ridiculous . 
  as far as portugal , i think they just kind of got caught in a really unfortunate trap of stagnation and bond fears at a shitty moment but the problem was n't nearly as bad as greece which is it 's own , special case and should n't be generalized . 
  hell , even ireland 's problem was n't government spending . 
  that was a single shitty move to guarantee all bank deposits which should not have been done , but it was easy enough to fix due to being a single policy mistake . 
  each case is very different and the thing is , i would expect someone like dijsselbloem to be the first to understand that given his position . 
  instead he defends blunt stereotypes and calls it dutch bluntness . 
  i 've been around netherlands plenty and that 's not bluntness , that 's being an asshole . 
  so it 's looking very good that it will be president macron . 
  bollards would have helped a lot , at least for the bridge . 
  frankly , not just for intentional attacks but also possible accidents . 
  on a more positive note , eta has announced they are disarming in a couple of weeks . 
  god that was such an awful day . 
  i was in dc where we only had enough to be the highest bar on this chart alone and was nothing compared to new york . 
  edit : just looked ... i was wrong , it was 184 in dc ( 59 on aa77 and 125 in the pentagon ) so it would be in the middle of the bad years on the graph . 
  still considering how that was a minor part of the casualties in a single day ... my point stands . 
  that 's al qaeda . 
  isis literally believes the entire world needs to be an islamic caliphate . 
  username relevant, 
  it 's about keeping local control and revenue . 
  headquarters is usually irrelevant . 
  it needs to be 51 % locally owned . 
  it 's allowing cabotage . 
  no country is going to let a foreign company work their domestic flights . 
  the key is having passenger rights on the domestic segment . 
  look at the qantas flight to jfk if you want an example of one that just has a domestic stop rather than full traffic rights since it stops at lax where passengers are free to get off . 
  in an ideal world , yeah there 'd be no protectionism , but that 's pretty far down the list of things to get rid of . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  they look at who owns what shares from each company . 
  that 's ryanair 's problem in the first place since they are an eu airline with 60 % eu ownership , but 20 % of that comes from the uk so they will no longer be majority eu owned after brexit and that 's a problem . 
  look for london to alicante/palma/gran canaria/tenerife/faro / madeira/catania/corfu / etc. . . that 's where a huge amount of the traffic is . 
  london to paris is a lot more business oriented . 
  there will be enough to fill passenger demand , but the point is how many of those people will be on uk based airlines . 
  the eu wants those passengers , but wants them to fly eu based airlines . 
  as of right now the balance is massively in favor of uk based airlines for traffic leaving the uk ( mostly easyjet , thompson , jet2 , other lccs ) . 
  so now for every easyjet uk flight , ryanair will demand a flight to even the score . 
  are you talking passenger traffic or airline traffic ? 
  if it 's tit for tat bilateral agreements , the uk will only get rights for as many flights as the eu wants into the uk . 
  or they just raise more capital and dilute everyone else . 
  or they spin of the uk ownership into it 's own airline that operates as a franchise . 
  it will just depend on the actual numbers involved and the specific agreement that happens that we have yet to know as it does n't exist . 
   uk to eu flights ( and return ) should n't be affected i think it 's a big assumption to think that there will be a full open skies treaty at this point . 
  it could end up as just bilateral agreements and the uk would lose massively at that point because so much more traffic originates from the uk . 
  there are ways to reorganize it , but a lot of the revenue would have to stay in the eu then . 
  hah , air berlin only operates because of an etihad subsidy funny enough . 
  that said , etihad in particular is starting to get into some financial trouble for their strategy of `` buy stakes in shitty airlines '' . 
  yeah , it 's crazy complicated and hugely regulated . 
  some of the regulations are good and necessary and some are over burdensome . 
  there was a concerted effort to liberalize the air travel market around 30 years ago and the result is the golden age of air travel we see now with more options for everyone ( i 'm going to california for 500 $ return next month over a holiday period ) . 
  unfortunately some protectionism is necessary to preserve fair competition but the uk will almost certainly lose out in the air travel market if they leave the aviation single market just because there will be far less competition . 
  i do n't believe there are actually many fifth freedom flights from the uk anymore . 
  i guess there 's an air india flight to new york , but that 'd most likely stay the same . 
  there used to be a kuwait flight but that got eliminated because it illegally discriminated against israeli citizens in the us . 
  i 'm not aware of any uk airline using 5th freedom rights leaving an eu airport . 
  the most obvious uk fifth freedom flight is singapore to sydney on ba but that 's unlikely to be affected . 
  sixth freedom flying is basically a huge part of ba 's business model as of now , the issue will just be how many flights they 'll be able to get into eu airports . 
  8th freedom would be right out as that 's essentially cabotage . 
  well ... what is in place at the moment is the eu-us open skies agreement so that 's not really viable . 
  the problem is it 's a completely different world than 1995 , especially with the joint ventures crossing the atlantic . 
  ( that 's another subject that sort of warrants it 's own post , but basically most revenue streams on transatlantic traffic are shared between partner airlines so they are a single business . 
  american does n't compete with ba on flights to the uk ), 
  basically no country in the world allows foreign carriers to operate domestically so it would not be strange in the slightest . 
  the european market is the major exception to that rule . 
  foreign ownership rules are already a thing in the eu so if the uk is out of the single market , they will be subject to those rules , it 's not a tit-for-tat , it 's that they get the rules that everyone else gets . 
  that 's why i specifically said the european common aviation area . 
  the single market for aviation is not the same as the rest of the single market . 
  the balkan states are members , for example . 
  the problem for flights to n. america is that the us has to accept them as well so now they need treaties for both eu ( really ecaa but they get used kind of interchangeably ) and the us . 
  unless there is a new agreement before the uk exits , the agreement between the uk and us will default to the treaty that was superseded by the us/eu open skies agreement . 
  that 's [ bermuda ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bermuda_ii_agreement ) which basically specifies who can fly which routes to the uk and sends a lot of traffic to gatwick that is currently at heathrow . 
  it 's also why carriers would fly to stanstead for international flights . 
  i would bet that they 'd make a bermuda iii in a hurry basically cementing the status quo but if they do n't it would be a huge deal . 
  regardless it will be a big hit for future growth . 
  if you do n't count the black sea as a subsea of the med, 
  copy of my comment for this article from / r/aviation for ba , i imagine that iag will make a nominally independent franchise operation ( that they would control 49 % of ) to control 51 % of ba or something like that so they essentially are able to get 75 % of the revenue . 
  honestly , the biggest issue for uk aviation to me would be that if nothing else is settled , bermuda ii is back !, 
  a huge amount of uk traffic is connecting the us to uk , europe , and middle east/s . 
  asia . 
  the us traffic would be absolutely gutted and fares would go through the roof while fares on the continent would stay low as they continue benefiting from the us-eu open skies agreement . 
  but really the big question , especially for easyjet is if they will need a new aoc .
