  and yes , we have winter too . 
  as a complete aside , for as much as i disagree with the guardian on their opinions , their live coverage is some of the best . 
  if you already have it , then either your out of luck or ecb will set up some way to exchange it at a bank based on serial number and time of issue . 
  if you use it at a machine , then the machine will probably take it and someone else has the note and ends up with the same options as i mentioned above . 
  if this weird hypothetical were to happen , then you just do n't accept any greek notes given to you and it 's all good . 
  in other news , i learned all about the country id marks today and was happy to learn that the atm gave me an estonian 20 $ note yesterday . 
  that 's kind of cool . 
  no it would n't . 
  if you look at the notes , any one beginning in y is greek . 
  so just do n't accept those and move on with your life . 
  i can always throw on another layer . 
  i ca n't get any more naked in front of my fan . 
  if they just started printing euros , the currency would become completely valueless and it would be the equivalent of an economic war in an attempt to debase the currency unilaterally . 
  everyone knows how to id coins , but notes are pretty easy to id as well . 
  if the serial number begins with `` y '' , it 's a greek note . 
  they might even be able to ostracize cyprus enough with a move like that to allow an expulsion vote . 
  i do , and i 'm lucky because my building was built 10 years ago . 
  ac is n't that common and winter temperatures are normally like 5-10 so construction is more worried about that . 
  it 's really hot . 
  your `` heat wave '' is our normal . 
  edit : there 's a saying in madrid that it 's 9 months of winter and 3 months of hell ( it rhymes in spanish ), 
  c 's has only supported pp where they won anyway and i honestly , their conditions for pacts are pretty reasonable . 
  this will definitely be a red line for anyone making a pact . 
  there 's no way anyone gets a majority this election and literally every other group is against it . 
  and remember , even half of the pp wants rajoy out . 
  oh my sweet winter child . 
  [ edit : today is wonderful ... but here is our two week forecast . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hdiicmw.png ) and seville and c\u00f3rdoba are way worse . 
  edit2 : aaaand ... the ac load over the last few days has been enough to melt the transformer for the entire office park i work in . 
  at least it 's not that terrible today . 
  well , any notes starting in y would just not be accepted . 
  depending on ecb guidance in that case , i imagine banks would replace them with valid notes . 
  trust me ... greece does not want to go down the illegal printing path , that 's about the worst choice they could make . 
  1.6 b is just the payment from tuesday not the debt which is quite a bit more . 
  i assure you that if this were to happen . 
  everyone would learn to recognize greek serial numbers . 
  that would be tantamount to economic war and any notes with a greek serial number would instantly become counterfeit . 
  i did n't believe it . 
  but why on earth would they unilaterally walk out when by all accounts a deal was near and then pull the referendum shit by surprise at the very last second . 
  if they wanted an honest referendum to back them up , they had months to get it . 
  so if leaving is not their goal , i 'd be more afraid because it means they are lunatics and none of this makes any sense . 
  negotiate what ? 
  we do n't need to negotiate anything . 
  spain is growing and is one of the creditor countries . 
  the financial system is shut down for a whole week unexpectedly . 
  literally hitler . 
   it 's like in f1 , where the underdog teams want heavy rain . 
  their cars are usually less stable , but the uncertainity actually improves their options to win . 
  have you ever actually talked with those guys ? 
  i honestly do n't think they believe they are underdogs . 
  it 's like a completely different reality . 
   i would not call it `` mistranslation '' . 
  it 's probably intentional . 
  edit : sorry , i mean not intentional . 
   why is it so difficult to understand ? 
  because that 's not the question that 's being asked . 
  it 's clearly a problem if you have to imply such drastic results from a referendum , especially when tsipras himself says that 's not the case when it clearly is . 
  ask about euro membership if that 's really what it 's about , do n't hide behind vagueness . 
  are you trying to claim podemos has n't been just as far out there ? 
  here 's what i do n't get . 
  there 's pretty much no way this can turn out well for greece . 
  they either get shit on , or kicked around , stomped down and then shit on at this point . 
  so why would podemos and their affiliates be out in front of this when all the media will show is how much worse life is in greece after syriza and then show all the solidarity between them . 
  there 's basically no way to sell all of this to people who are n't already going to be voting for podemos . 
  if they want to win , it takes realpolitik otherwise they will just be iu2 . 
  not to mention greece just ca n't keep it 's entire financial system closed this whole time . 
  are they going to limit business transactions to 60 $ outside of greece as well ? 
  there is going to be a massive liquidity problem as soon as they open . 
  what the hell do the plan on doing with the banks in the mean time ? 
  because if they start collapsing , then the game is over anyway . 
  ecb has gotten a lot better under draghi . 
  i thought that but coming out and actively campaigning for `` no '' while having a question about accepting conditions for an offer that does n't exist while another proposal is on the table seems more than a bit disingenuous to me . 
  especially since it was announced by surprise when by all accounts they were getting close to a deal after unilaterally walking out of the talks on friday . 
  i do n't know how else to make sense of all of that together . 
   edit : here 's something funny : referendum document mistranslated [ 1 ] , they forgot one tiny word turning it 's entire meaning upside down . 
  holy shit ... what a clusterfuck . 
  yeah , i figured he was lying about the former based on his actions the last few days . 
  i mean , he is also saying a no vote is still a vote to stay in the ez , so he 's clearly not above lying about it . 
  i do n't get what podemos is trying to get out of being out with the greeks at this point . 
  they have to recognize the mess it is and the potential to completely fall off the cliff . 
  they truly do n't think that a default will be worse or something but i can assure you images of tsipras and iglesias together showing shitty , post-euro greece will dominate elections if that happens . 
  he used that letter to ask for a temporary extension while a third was negotiated . 
  this was probably what juncker mentioned about `` things happening in athens '' . 
  but you do n't start with an offer like that literally hours from the end after all the bad faith negotiation over the weekend . 
  this is about the only move he 's made that has n't been insane . 
  i was convinced that he actually just wanted out of the euro by any means and had ideological blinders . 
  this letter just means they are really that delusional and incompetent . 
  i honestly think this version is worse since it leads to the same place but without any direction and complete incompetence at the top . 
  yeah , that was the article i was trying to get to . 
  i 'm from a work computer so twitter is blocked . 
  thanks, 
  can someone get an imgur mirror of that letter that was mentioned ? 
  yeah , we 've had 5 years to get contagion shit under control . 
  most of the risk is with governments and being in the ez , the ecb can make plenty of accounting tricks to essentially magic away those losses purely because they are a central bank . 
   why is he acting as a coward ? 
  he is just asking his people about what they really want since the outcome would be out of his electoral promises . 
  it 's the right think to do . 
  what specifically is he asking ? 
  he 's asking if they agree to terms of a deal that is no longer valid while he put a new , completely different deal on the table . 
  i honestly like the idea of a referendum , but it really needs to reflect the stark choice the people are facing honestly .
