  not luxembourg 's rate you get by bribing the right officials . 
  you are arguing against the fundamental freedoms of the eu . 
  the whole freedom of services and freedom of capital things . 
  the eu is a trade bloc at its core and that 's a fundamental aspect of it . 
   here 's an article on facebook , which looks even worse `` facebook paid # 4,327 corporation tax despite # 35m staff bonuses '' . 
  it should be noted that that money was taxed significantly more because it was paid out as bonuses because income taxes are much higher than personal taxes . 
  fair enough . 
  i should say a serious desire to do something about it rather than throw a few euros into a book by dick vaugan . 
  whatever , it keeps me very employable so i wo n't complain too much . 
  the knowledge of english in spain is shameful . 
  and these data are almost entirely from after the dictatorship , there is just no desire to actually learn english among a huge amount of people beyond basic words . 
   but seriously , most multilingual people will be able to confirm that one can think some things in one language but not in another . 
  i do n't think this is true at all . 
  some ideas are `` cleaner '' in one language or another but at least between english and spanish it 's perfectly reasonable to have all the same ideas in both . 
  i did n't read the report , but immigration would probably be the biggest factor to affect languages in the uk . 
  i had to deal with a company that was on the flemish side of brussels but previously was south of the city and francophone . 
  man ... those offices were a mess of languages . 
  i do n't speak dutch beyond basic greetings but apparently my accent is good because of native us english combined with spanish . 
  i do speak a bit of french so i just ended up terribly confused . 
  they are n't against the current level so much as against differing levels of autonomy for different regions . 
  they support a full federalist state . 
  right , but do n't you think that the people that want it changed should actually , you know , try to put some effort into changing it ? 
  that has n't happened . 
  honestly , depends on if things actually get better under the intervening government . 
  and while the corruption issue is true , there actually is quite a bit being done about it . 
  the problem is it 's always in the news , but generally , with corruption issues , if you are hearing about it , that 's a good sign . 
  it 's when it goes unreported that it 's the real problem . 
  i honestly see spain in a very positive medium term trajectory so long as people can keep from screwing it up . 
  on a per capita basis , basque country wins by a lot for best economy . 
  this is why irish can do well in spain . 
  it 's like a catholic kinship . 
  carrefour , decathlon and primark have really got this system down in the last couple of years . 
  but a big barrier up to force a queue and then automate it . 
  i do n't think i 've seen the system in too many other places though it would be really appreciated . 
  the problem is a lack of dialog on both sides but even the referendum side wo n't recognize that it 's currently illegal to have a local referendum . 
  a sane person would look at the situation and say , `` ok , so those that want a referendum should try and change the law '' but that 's not even on the table by anyone . 
  it 's all ridiculous . 
  i would love to see scheduled commercial supersonic service back but i just do n't see the economics working out . 
  that said , a small chartered aircraft could work to be able to serve that market . 
  el mundo today should just run this story 100 % straight faced for inocentes . 
  for people not from spain : el mundo today is spanish satire news ( like the onion ) and today is the equivalent of april fool 's day so there will often be fake news in real papers . 
  apparently a new meeting on 2 january . 
  the whole situation with catalonia is a mess from all sides . 
  results of the third vote at 20:30 cet apparently . 
  edit : final result is ... a tie . 
  seriously . 
  it was supposed to be a convention center and hotel . 
  they are going to build a fifth tower that 's a hospital ( odd considering there are two hospitals within 1 km already ) i do n't know there if they have designs out yet . 
  nope ... young people actually score less than middle age people . 
   some us movies it 's constantly german recently . 
  unless it 's only temporary during the winter months , this ca n't be the cheapest way to go about it . 
  i mean , i doubt most apartment blocks have to pay for a full expert crew . 
   santana clause is that where your guitar music is negotiated ? 
  i definitely remember this being a thing . 
  i was living in the us at the time . 
  but yeah , i do remember the guy throwing the shoe getting a lot more airplay . 
  but in fairness , that was a pretty great video showing bush 's secret ninja skills . 
  i ca n't imagine data from spain from 1938 would be all that trustworthy . 
  so basically what happens is that the parliament is the sum of the number of seats allocated by province . 
  since there are a lot of sparsely populated provinces , it makes it so you are dividing 2-5 seats so even at 5 seats , there is a 20 % barrier to entry . 
  it works fine in madrid and barcelona but in a lot of the country it 's a major issue . 
  how long does catalonia have before they have to call new elections there ? 
  nobody has a right to borrowed money . 
  greece was and still is perfectly free to not accept any additional funds and/or any conditions that are applied . 
  same rules for everyone . 
  you are perfectly free to pursue your own way but when you depend on others , you depend on their conditions as well . 
  might not be fair , but it 's reality . 
  it 's been mentioned elsewhere but ciudadanos is very mindful of the lib dems ' fate . 
  their head economic guy is a professor at lse and is actually good friends with the clegg household . 
  in addition to everyone else , you can vote to form a government without being in that government . 
  basically forcing an extreme minority government that still has to work for lots of compromise all over the place though it would be extremely unlikely to last the full term . 
  it also means you get to call elections as an opposition party whenever you want which is a huge plus to doing well in the future . 
  in the process it just makes owning even more expensive and does n't fix the root of the problem . 
  i think the solution is that we need to take even more british people . 
  now , not all of you get to live near the beach but we have plenty of housing oversupply . 
  bubble implies that the price is rising simply because of investment . 
  an artificial financial creation . 
  the current situation is just basic economics based in reality . 
  that the reality is influenced by the government ... well pretty much every market has to deal with government influence . 
  that 's not an artificial investment bubble . 
  that 's real supply and demand issues . 
  the inherent supply constraints may be a construct of the government but that does n't make it a bubble in any sense . 
  allow for construction of more houses and more high rises . 
  it 's fundamentally a supply issue . 
  taxing `` housing companies '' ( do you mean construction companies or companies that rent units ? ), 
  would only make the problem work by making ownership even more expensive . 
  things are very different with a partially private aena and a fully private iberia . 
  they do n't have scheduled service . 
  i ca n't remember if cambridge counts or not but they have a flight to gothenburg . 
  the contract lounge ( basically everyone that is n't oneworld ) is n't great but the iberia lounge is absolutely fantastic . 
  i always feel like a glutton when one of my favorite parts is the ice cream . 
  yeah , i can see how being in opposition is helpful to them . 
  i am partial to them and i do like that they are looking at a several election term cycle rather than trying to burn as hot as possible right away . 
   it is more reasonable to concentrate on the moment on podemos ' social programme and on an electoral reform that will remove that roadblock in the future . 
  honestly , with the mess that is catalan politics right now , it would be stupid to make too much of it anyway because who the hell would you even negotiate with on the other side ? 
  they 'll probably have to go to new elections again soon . 
  why does everyone take what an exit poll says as the truth when there are real , true results you can read quite easily that say the opposite ? 
  it 's pretty interesting that they all have a fairly strong hand here but psoe could go with either podemos or ciudadanos so long as the other abstains ( plus one or two more seats ) . 
  i suspect at this point it will be as you say though . 
   it appears most likely that psoe and podemos will form a coalition with the other leftist parties nothing appears all that likely at this point .
