  ( * parte m\u00e9dico * is a medical report in english ), 
  the security around the king commuting there would be a nightmare if he did n't actually live there . 
  that part of the m30 and the access to plaza de espa\u00f1a area are completely jammed every day . 
  i 've had a few times where his cars completely mess up traffic for a few minutes on the castellana when going between official events and that was midday traffic , not rush hour . 
   could also put money in a fund and let it accumulate until you die basically , leaving that money `` inactive '' for decades how is it you think funds work ? 
  the money does n't just disappear . 
  that room ( that whole palace , really ) is pretty much used as a ceremonial thing for the purpose of being overwhelming . 
  things like official events or foreign dignitary visits . 
  in spain being part of the eu is kind of a big symbol of being accepted as a modern and democratic country . 
   the other aspect of it is that it meant to keep rich people from `` sitting on '' tons of money . 
  why is that a bad thing ? 
  presumably they have it invested and norway taxes capital gains . 
  if they are n't investing directly , then they put that money into a bank and the bank now has pressure to go out and lend more money to generate more returns which helps lots of people that want mortgages/small business loans/etc ... 
  it 's not like it 's literally in the form of cash in a giant vault where it gets taken out of the economy . 
  and as you mentioned , it only promotes capital flight out of norway . 
  while the accounting lobby is real , it 's mostly grover norquist 's pledge to not raise taxes ever and he counts simplifying the process as a tax raise . 
  basically no republican can support it without risking a mutiny from their own side . 
  not to get too into us politics , but it kind of all comes back to the `` victory '' of eliminating specially earmarked projects . 
  it was essentially bribing with projects , but it worked well and a congressman could go and say `` yes , i voted for x , but in exchange you all get to enjoy [ factory , military base , research center , etc. . . ] '' and not be afraid of losing their job . 
  now there is no incentive to compromise and so everything gets paralyzed . 
  i 'm a us citizen so have to file us taxes and i will just say a lot of that is administrative . 
  tax forms are just a pain in the ass a lot of times in the us and simplifying the process is actually a political issue because people who are very anti-tax think it will make people more accepting of taxes ( and they may be right ) . 
  still , it seems absurd that making life easier with no other material change is such a hard thing to handle politically . 
  that sounds like a reasonable complaint , tbh . 
  i do n't know why you 'd want to discourage high volume/low margin business , especially in an economy dominated by a commodity . 
  yeah , they tend to have high income and consumption taxes but very low corporate and basically no payroll taxes . 
  i do n't think that 's a bad thing since the game most countries play where they make an employer pay a tax for hiring and employee feels at best disingenuous since it 's practically the same thing as the employee paying the tax . 
  i 've used them in the nl and cashiers give me dirty looks . 
  i think a 60 year old with a 35 year old is kind of weird regardless of the genders involved . 
  but whatever , they are both obviously happy with the arrangement and i do n't judge it despite my personal feelings . 
  best invasion ever !, 
   a car 's purpose is to get you from a-b , everything else is what i would call luxury . 
  this attitude is how lada and yugo happened . 
  many things start as luxuries but become cheaper and therefore more available to all . 
  you know , little things like airbags and improved safety . 
  but also stuff like back-up sensors that may not be the most basic but are still pretty common and pretty useful these days . 
  as usual , same in spanish, 
  it looks like it 's from a power outage . 
  still a massive it failure as they should have ups and back-up generators . 
  they actually outsourced most to poland . 
   get drunk at the bar ? 
  are we not supposed to do this ? 
  have you been to conferences ? 
  the bar is always full . 
  i think in france people like it as gossip but few people actually really care . 
  or like how hollande 's scooter rendezvous made him more popular because he seemed more human . 
  i did n't actually know that story . 
  i mean , i know he 's one of the richest guys in the world and all , but i feel bad for warren . 
  i ca n't imagine losing your wife after 50 years of marriage . 
  yeah , i could definitely see it happening weirdly enough . 
  i get the impression even she 's starting to hate podemos for being completely immobile on anything . 
  pp just seems to vote against carmena because she is who she is but it 's not inconceivable . 
  i was just reading about it this morning . 
  apparently carmena actually wants it and now that half of her group in the madrid council is effectively in full rebellion she 's just going to try and renegotiate it anyway . 
  i could see her getting a few votes from her side just from loyalty , and psoe and c 's to pass it . 
  it 's not revived yet . 
  regardless , there 's so much money involved they will wait until the next mayor comes in 2 years if it still does n't work . 
  the one thing i do n't get is what they were trying to protect against . 
  i mean , i think you have to balance development and history where they go together . 
  but they want to develop over train tracks and highways that are horribly ugly and divide the city by there . 
  and most of the buildings that are there are the ugly 70s blocks they made in a hurry to just get people urbanized . 
  and since spain has such a high rate of property ownership , gentrification is pretty damned good in general since it will help the families that already live there have much more wealth . 
  i believe all tweets are archived by library of congress . 
  it 's weird how much of an art to it . 
  it 's true that going in way too hard is an asshole thing , but it 's also true that going in way too soft is a bit off-putting ( i know it should n't be , but i definitely notice it ) . 
  you have to go in just right to make it seem friendly . 
  it gets way more complicated with women here , especially since you have to decide right away if you 're going for kisses or not and then you have to decide to do firm handshake ( obviously not over the top ) or the hold the hand move . 
  and he 's 70 and believes exercise will use up the finite amount of energy his body has . 
  it 'd be interesting . 
  eh , pence is right wing fundamentalist , but he 's not unpredictable and is n't about closing off the us or complete realignment of the global order . 
  it moves it from a worrying massive global problem to an american problem . 
  i would hate someone if they tried to do that to me in business . 
  if it 's a supplier i 'd just stop paying attention . 
  if it 's a client , then i suck it up and just silently hate them ( which can definitely influence things down the line for how willing we are to work with each other when shit goes wrong ) . 
  belgian congo was pretty in line with african colonialism which is to say , bad , but not colossally fucked up like congo free state . 
  congo free state was leopold ii 's personal domain administered completely separately from belgium . 
  the belgian government actually had to come in and make it a colony because of all the fucked up shit that happened . 
  also fptp makes it so it really can be meaningless to vote for a lot of people . 
  a hillary supporter living in rural alabama or a trump supporter in san francisco will realistically have no impact . 
  ( yeah , idealism to get voice heard and all that but it 's still pissing into the wind ), 
  he 's not tired because he does n't use up his available energy with dumb exercise . 
  as was mentioned , it 's the weird cut of his suit . 
  he tries to hide his gut by wearing pants that are way too big . 
  and it just messes with the proportions . 
  also , could be he just has smaller than average feet , but most of it is the pants . 
  it is when there are 136,669,237 votes cast and the other candidate gets 65,853,516 because , you know ... math . 
  also ... an actual combover, 
  you ca n't take `` no data '' and change it to mean whatever the hell you want it to mean , especially in a fptp system . 
  this goes for both sides in all kinds of cases . 
  just like people bitching only 30 % or whatever voted for brexit , that case was a clear majority of voters and that 's what counts . 
  not voting does n't count . 
  you can have all kinds of opinions about why . 
  i 'm a us citizen and did n't vote because it 's a pain in the ass and democrats were very clearly going to win everything from the district where i am registered ( city of chicago , so yeah ) so it did n't matter . 
  i absolutely would have if i were registered in a place that could have mattered . 
  that 's not always a bad thing in a leader . 
  you do n't vote for them to be your friend . 
  definitely what a minority voted for . 
  but a very large minority that was obviously enough to win given the rules in place . 
  it 's all about the foot placement . 
  trump 's feet are perfectly side to side meaning any slight movement of his center of mass will throw him off balance while trudeau knows you place one slightly forward and one slightly back to further stabilize yourself .
