  schengen visas are for visitors not residents . 
  who ? 
  hey . 
  i prefaced it with being crazy, 
  ... to pieces . 
  schengen is about free travel , not free movement . 
  free movement is about living and working . 
  realistically there 's no control on just going and working illegally except it would be ridiculous for me to give up legal work and residence in spain for illegal work elsewhere and the cases where it would make sense are generally uncommon enough for it to not be worth changing the system . 
  i do n't have the right to live and work in any other eu member state . 
  i 'm going to be really specific with language , i have the tie ( nie is n't a card , it 's just a number though colloquially it 's the card , too ) and it serves as id within spain . 
  outside of spain but in the schengen area , i have to also carry my passport with me as my proof of being allowed to be in the schengen area . 
  when entering non-schengen eu states , it 's irrelevant , though i have been asked to present it at the uk border to prove my story that i live in spain . 
  because there 's a lot more jobs and its an area of 60 million people compared to under 2 million in ni . 
  that seems very low from what i have seen anecdotally but could just be chance . 
  right , but visas are for non-eu citizens ( like myself ) and do not imply free movement in any way . 
  it 's not through the ehic , it 's through a separate arrangement where the nhs pays the spanish system directly for their care . 
  they would n't be eligible for regular health care as they have never contributed to social security ... this would be true for a spanish citizen who never worked in spain as well . 
  so the elderly do n't come to spain and mooch off of our social benefits . 
  they are also the most expensive group to care for by a large margin . 
  uk has said flat out they are leaving the customs union . 
  that means there 100 % has to be at the very least a customs border . 
  an immigration border will also be likely because uk is rejecting free movement and ireland is obligated to keep it . 
  the pure customs borders work with switzerland and norway because both of those countries accept free movement . 
  the issue is quite thorny . 
   andorra andorra is technically a controlled border . 
  in reality they do n't check documents but they absolutely systematically customs check . 
  at least leaving , because nobody would ever smuggle anything into andorra . 
  would you be ok with an immigration check between ni and ruk ? 
  i really see it as an imminent issue with bosnia and serbia both kind of knocking at the gate there is going to be a fundamental incompatibility with visa policy between uk and ireland as uk is explicitly rejecting free movement ? 
  i 'm kind of exactly the opposite . 
  there 's going to have to be a border somewhere between the roi and the uk , either it 's a land border or it 's a sea border . 
  incompatibilities with visa policy and uk not allowing free movement basically force it . 
  i think a hard land border would be way more detrimental than a sea border to the peace process , so please do n't think i 'm dense . 
  also , you were arguing that they ca n't ... they absolutely can and there 's plenty of legal precedent around the world . 
  the issue is if they should . 
  those are very different questions and yes it might be splitting hair but this whole thing is sort of an exercise in legal semantics . 
  what does that have to do with legally being a full part of the french state ? 
  us ai n't going to put immigration controls between hawaii or even guam and american samoa and the mainland even though they are far away . 
  spain has territory in africa that 'd legally be considered on a different continent , but it 's part of schengen . 
  yeah , i said elsewhere i see a hard immigration control between the islands of ireland and great britain . 
  i wonder if they would join schengen if that happened ? 
   that 's not really the same in what way ? 
  both are considered integral parts of france in every legal sense . 
  that does n't say what you think it says . 
  it says that spain thinks scotland is n't an independent country and therefore ca n't negotiate international deals . 
  i happen to agree with that . 
  if scotland wants out , they can get independence and then negotiate deals . 
  i mean , with a very recent mandate to make sure it 's not an independent country at that . 
  i also agree that anything but entering as a new member is ridiculous because there 's basically no way scotland would ever be considered a successor state of the ruk . 
  you absolutely can , that 's why i used the examples of french guyana and reunion . 
  both of those require going through passport control from paris . 
  i mean there 's 4 real possibilities . 
  customs border on the island of ireland between ni and roi as well as for transports between roi and great britain . 
  otherwise open border . 
  special exemption for ni so no change to current situation on the island of ireland and customs , but not immigration , checks between the island of ireland and the island of great britain . 
  a full hard land border between ni and roi . 
  this is pretty much a non-starter . 
  a full hard border between the island of ireland and the island of great britain . 
  i suspect that the politicians want 2 but 4 will have to happen because of differences in visa policy between roi and uk . 
  particularly if/when bosnia or serbia are given eu membership as ireland would be required to let them in unquestioned . 
  it would also leave the curious possibility for the whole island of ireland to join schengen . 
  to me the worst part about this is that spain was very good about reducing its debt prior to the crisis . 
  now that we need to spend we are n't allowed to because it 's not technically a recession so the lesson is ... do n't pay down the debt in the good times because you get fucked anyway . 
   we wo n't be negotiatoing with spain , independantly on visas but with the qhole of the eu as a single entity . 
  visa policy is absolutely still a competency of the member states . 
  my residence card is very clearly from spain and does not allow me to live in any other eu country . 
  eh , i think the spanish arguments are dumb . 
  the weirdest part is that the biggest letter of the law violation of the treaty is that jews and arabs are allowed to live there . 
   and her britannic majesty , at the request of the catholic king , does consent and agree , that no leave shall be given under any pretence whatsoever , either to jews or moors , to reside or have their dwellings in the said town of gibraltar, 
  right , and you are n't a part of the customs area which means it 's possible to have eu/non-eu open borders without both being in the customs area . 
   under the current constitution , that 's be like sardinia having different customs rules from italy . 
  in spain , canaries have different customs rules than the rest of spain . 
  it 's not that nuts . 
  why would anything change for the channel islands ? 
  they were never in the eu in the first place . 
  why would n't they ? 
  both norway and switzerland are both open borders despite not being in the customs area . 
  there are customs checks , though . 
  a customs border has to happen . 
  full stop . 
  that said , both switzerland and norway have customs borders with no immigration controls . 
   the problem is that spain would never allow scotland to join the eu i do n't know where this myth started . 
  spain has said that it is fine with scottish independence so long as westminster agrees to it . 
  the issue in spain is there 's no legal mechanism for it to happen unilaterally under the spanish constitution . 
  that 's why spain recognizes montenegro but not kosovo . 
  if it 's unilateral spain would n't even recognize scotland diplomatically in the first place to even start negotiations . 
  man , the unionists support leave were really short sighted . 
  technically only cta citizens are eligible to use the cta benefits so you are in the wonderfully designed bureaucratic cycle of needing to show your documents to prove that you do n't need to show your documents . 
  it gets weird but the cta is not a common border in the same way schengen is . 
  there are nationalities that are allowed into ireland but not the uk for example . 
  this could very well become a much bigger issue in the future . 
  for the time being they are edge cases that do n't really affect real illegal migration enough to modify the agreement . 
  to me the biggest issue is if bosnia or serbia get eu membership . 
  ireland will be obligated to let them in without restrictions and the uk will still require visas . 
  i do n't actually think the government here truly wants gibraltar at the end of the day . 
  the last thing we need is another place that actively does n't want to be part of spain ... but the claim is useful to negotiate from . 
  i mean , i get it would piss the unionist off but would n't a hard border on what is a big physical barrier be a lot less incendiary than a land border on the island . 
  by leaving the customs area , a border has to happen somewhere between ireland and the uk , even if just a customs border rather than an immigration border ( see switzerland and norway ) . 
  it 's also a legal mechanism that could also work for gibraltar . 
  i do n't think it 's as crazy at it sounds at first .
