  yeah , it 's this . 
  neither she nor putin want to make france like russia . 
  putin just wants a divided europe so russia can exert more international influence and she 's useful for his goals . 
  it 's still not as expected right now . 
  it 's a plausible scenario , though . 
  i know it 's being picky , but it 's an important difference since polls do n't predict future movement . 
   it 's italy where beppe 's m5s is leading the polls that 's what really reminds me of trump where i kept wondering `` is this a joke or what ? '', 
  until it was too late to realize it was very , very serious . 
  though i have the same hope that i have for trump , while he scared me at first , now it seems he 's just not that competent to do all that much damage . 
  my biggest fear for the us is that people get used to it and complacent and there 's a major , highly visible attack that lets him have support to do whatever he wants . 
  i mean , the jihadis are n't getting any less crazy . 
  yeah , i do n't get calling ukip far right . 
  their only clear ideology is nativism which does n't really fall on a left/right spectrum . 
  aside from that , yeah it 's mostly conservative defectors to them , but they are n't like the bnp was . 
  i mean , i think they 're stupid and wrong , but i do n't think it 's a right vs. left thing . 
  well , consider that clinton would have won decisively in a french style vote . 
  ( even assuming johnson voters split 75-25 for trump ) also , macron is n't a terrible candidate , he 's really good at selling a feeling which is something that really wins votes . 
  german 's gon na german . 
  ^ written ^ at ^ work, 
  i mean , i want kids because i think it will be immensely satisfying to me and children are awesome , i 'm not really thinking about society either . 
  also , you can go the park and play on the slides without looking like a crazy person . 
  i really want to be a dad . 
  just do n't invest in rural real estate . 
  whole towns are for sale here for less than a regular flat in madrid since old people are dying off in them and young people either do n't have kids or move away . 
  that sounds pretty similar to spain and my application has been in for a year and it will still probably take another year to go through . 
  it depends on the country . 
  i mean , if you have more generous unemployment benefits , it makes sense that people will spend longer being pickier about what jobs they take . 
  and it 's healthy to have a cycling of people who are leaving and entering new jobs . 
  s. europe are still rich and generally educated countries . 
  two of the biggest factors for high birth rate is high child mortality and female education . 
  both of which s. europe does very well with , generally . 
  usually there 's a lag between getting those outcomes and lower birthrate which is when a population boom happens , but being poor compared to n. europe is not the same as being poor in an absolute sense and almost all of europe has been pretty well of in a global sense for a long time . 
  even the former communist countries did pretty well with education and infant mortality . 
  also , even religious people do n't listen to the church with respect to birth control . 
  they do n't actually subsidize it , you know . 
  not directly taxing carbon is n't a subsidy and most of what people call `` subsidies '' are just regular gaaps . 
  yeah ... but why a key for each one ? 
  just use hotkeys that way it also works for use on other letters . 
  likely to be another notable drop when the survey is released later this month , too . 
  just to add the point , children have the whole week off before easter and most people have thursday and friday off and it 's very normal to take the whole week and go on vacation . 
  i think that 's actually just the speed it goes , you just do n't notice how slow it is underground because there 's no reference point . 
   spain has plenty of chavvy people though cani for men , choni for women . 
  but yeah , they definitely exist . 
  algarve is spotty . 
  in portim\u00e3o or around faro , yeah ... definitely package holiday crowd . 
  but there are plenty of more exclusive places not in the urban centers . 
  i remember a massive golf/hotel complex just west of lagos that was pretty much just that . 
  i do n't think it was particularly expensive either , just enough to keep out the riff raff . 
   not in greece or spain you should look up puerto banus . 
  they 're here . 
  they just pay money to keep the benidorm/magaluf crowd out . 
  you know they wont ' stop going there , right ? 
  i liked our ' \u00d1 ' in the heart . 
  well yeah , i mean the idea is great but you have to compare the real price to the real benefit and i think it was by no means worth it . 
  it might be more useful if there were reasonable frequencies . 
  if you miss one , you 're fucked for awhile . 
  heh , i arrived in madrid for a nine month assignment ... in 2010 . 
  it is a really good place to live if you have a good job . 
  seems like yeah , lots of people leave to get established and then make it back . 
  do n't worry , they annoy me in madrid , too . 
   i do n't get why i always see the white trash brits , where are the posh pretty ones ? 
  i 'm betting it has something to do with your budget . 
  what a waste of money . 
  edit : for context . 
  these run very slow through suburban areas and had a lot of investment but are n't really any faster than a bus and really would have been better served by using bus lines but they were built in the construction boom . 
  it really is n't the typical urban tram . 
  you just say `` the uk will defend gibraltar 's sovereignty , full stop . '', 
  and leave no room for doubts about it . 
  there was no reason to explicitly bring up the falkands . 
   would be 10x worse to the spanish side right economically speaking in the short term , yeah . 
  in the longer term it would be able to actually develop it 's own economy rather than be dependent on a tax advantaged border and smuggling . 
  as is usual , the biggest battle for the spanish flag is with other spaniards for making it the republican flag . 
  it 's actually coming together now . 
  of course i doubt it will last , but hey . . it 's something . 
  lets not talk about us and flags . 
  i 'm sure the other global powers would n't mind scotland 's permanent seat on the un security council, 
  the eu 's answer to prince phillip, 
  i feel like he would be a really great uncle . 
  come on , they are used interchangeably in all but the most uptight banking circles . 
  yeah , it 's up to the market , but you have a pretty important influence on that market when you control the supply . 
  what material advantages would eu have over efta for scotland ? 
  they are a small country and would n't be very influential but have very good waters for fishing and oil that would be very beneficial to restrict the rights of . 
  efta gets single market access , and pretty much all of the eu freedoms people care about without any questions on requirements to join schengen or the euro . 
   would the political classes in 1870s japan have learned english had the uk not been the dominant industrial power at the time still ? 
  uhh ... it was commodore perry and the us the opened japan in the first place in the 1850s and one of the first forays into being a global power . 
  kind of a bad argument to use against us influence . 
  both santander and bbva have their main offices in madrid . 
  santander is in the boadilla neighborhood and bbva in the las tablas area . 
  it 's a major financial center for the spanish speaking world and its link to europe . 
  there 's plenty of expertise here and the quality of life is pretty great . 
  the biggest issue is the level of english , but that 's slowly getting better . 
  it 's a really hard thing to say now . 
  like it could be in decline regardless but it 's also hard to argue brexit has no effect . 
  it 's just going to be both sides yelling at each other about how it 's quantified . 
  it 's more than just a rebranding . 
  significant operations will have to move . 
  though it clearly wo n't end london 's importance as a financial center . 
  i do think it will end the london vs. nyc debate for city with financial importance . 
  could end up on par with singapore or hk , which is still really important but a downgrade from where it is now . 
  madrid is already a pretty big financial center .
