  it 's all about the iberia amex . 
  the visa barely gets you anything . 
  between the discounts at repsol , all the promotions and extra points , and the half off iberia avios bookings , it is easily worth the fee . 
  i spent the same amount of money i would have spent otherwise . 
  while i agree someone is paying for them , i doubt i 'd get much leeway negotiating at carrefour for a 2 % discount to not use the card they decided to accept every time . 
  same when filling with fuel and the vast majority of my transactions . 
  the insurances are there but the really good rewards in europe tend to be amex exclusively and it is far less ubiquitously accepted compared to the us . 
  that said , it 's still enough to be worth it and i have an amex myself . 
  annual fees are definitely a thing for any card halfway worth it though . 
  ( usually with a no fee first year ) / r/churning is a lot less satisfying around here ( exception being the uk where they have a very vibrant credit market ), 
  in spain it absolutely is . 
  at least for anything that is an invoice rather than a receipt . 
   inb4 `` but muh worthless bonus points '' . 
  i had to have a last minute trip to the us this month . 
  i get to go in business class for only 150 $ in fees thanks to `` worthless points '' . 
  cash does indeed have overhead in only the time it takes to handle it , do all the accounting , security risks . 
  it 's common here to only accept visa/mc and not amex due to fees . 
  i 'm curious to know how it was there but i 'm guessing it may have been pretty clear it was just a crazy guy . 
  as in seriously mentally ill , not ideologically crazy . 
  there really have n't been hijackings since september 11th because it completely changed how the risk would be perceived . 
  the story is just very weird . 
  if people need a quick refresh of geography , madrid is 400 km from the nearest sea . 
  i really do n't agree with ch but i think adding in the magazine 's own recent history really adds another layer and makes it somehow less distasteful to me . 
  the spanish position is that so long as it has the approval of the central state , it 's fine . 
  since westminster agreed to the referendum in scotland , spain said they would accept it . 
  the spanish state does n't recognize unilateral independence moves ( hence no recognition of kosovo ) . 
  ( i 'm not giving any sort of opinion on the matter , just stating the government 's position ), 
  either that or introduce an actual id card . 
  i said the idea had it 's problems , but still seems better than a border control . 
  it 's kind of like how france and the non-schengen overseas departments work which are integral parts of france . 
  * high five * welcome to the club, 
  i would think that the ~ ~ best ~ ~ least bad solution would be to have n. ireland be part of schengen and have internal border checks between the entire island and britain . 
  yeah , i know it has a lot of issues , but seems like the most workable solution in the event of a uk exit as an actual border on the island seems rather untenable . 
  because `` stable '' governments just pass things that benefit them until the next government comes in and completely undoes it . 
  so , at least in spain , `` political stability '' translates into societal instability . 
  in this case , now you need at least 2 parties to do anything so while any individual government may be weaker , actual changes need to be better thought out and are less likely to be undone the next time there is an election leading to greater societal stability . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  well , i mean , you ca n't really compare asia with the incredible economic boom that is still going on . 
  i just got back from hong kong and it feels like a completely different world . 
  i am considering going over there for a couple years to be able to come back and buy a house in cash . 
  with no mortgage , a 50k $ salary in spain would be fucking amazing and probably have just as high a quality of life . 
  things are crazy cheap here . 
  i never said that 's what an engineer makes . 
  i said that 's what engineering works are sold at . 
  if you honestly think you cost what your salary is , you have a lot to learn about business . 
  lots of educated spaniards ca n't speak english for shit so were n't able to emigrate so unit cost of high-quality labor is very , very low . 
  i sell engineering projects and engineering work is sold ( meaning including salary , overhead , additional costs , profit , taxes ) as low as 60 $ / hour . 
  bigger companies will be more due to more costs , but it 's still way better than you get for comparable work in a lot of other countries . 
  the political instability is the best thing that 's ever happened . 
  they 'll learn to agree to form a weaker executive after a round or two of more elections , but this is the new normal . 
  now big decisions actually need consensus to work so things are likely to be more stable in the long-term . 
  taking care of pensions is how politicians stay in power and doing the least bad thing is in their best interest . 
  people seem to think `` unsustainable in the current model '' means `` absolutely no pension will be available '' . 
  pensions will not go away . 
  taxes may have to go up slightly or retirement age slightly modified , but neither of those would be really catastrophic . 
  my wife is in it recruitment . 
  everyone wants to go back to spain . 
  the problem is they want to do it on the salaries they have gotten used to . 
  i was between madrid and the us and i know i just have to accept that 50.000 $ per year here is pretty well off . 
  as far as i can tell , everyone usually comes out unhappy which seems to be a good indication of fairness . 
  obviously there will be plenty of edge cases but i 'd say in general , yeah . 
  keeping in mind that the mother is usually the one to give up intangibles and often works half-time to take care of kids . 
  i think it 's more residual gender norms but each case is evaluated individually . 
  the biggest problem with courts in general here is how slow they work . 
  yeah , i seem to see two groups . 
  those that have been together forever and just kind of get married because . 
  and those that actually realize legal protections really mean something . 
  i think especially when kids are involved , it 's really important for asset protection as the best way is often to have one parent ( still usually the mother but an increasing minority of fathers ) that forgo career advancement to be the primary caregiver . 
  personally i find the whole owning half of everything we have made jointly thing pretty liberating since it is essentially a massive social safety net should everything else fall apart . 
  but i 'm also finding a lot of things i would n't have expected , like getting a mortgage , a lot easier due to being married . 
  i 've also been shocked at how much it has helped in the informal social world at work where 100 % of the people in my department are either married or divorced . 
  darwinism has no `` should '' . 
  it just is . 
  social darwinism is a very dark place . 
  i 'm pretty pro-marriage ( i 've mentioned several times that i am married ) but those arguments are pretty dangerous . 
  actually , to make a legal commitment ... you do need a piece of paper . 
  if you want to do whatever you want outside of the laws around marriage , that 's fine , but marriage is still an important legal construct . 
  i 'm still not sure exactly how it works here , tbh . 
  i probably should since i 've been married for a few years , but meh . 
  i definitely did n't have to decide anything when i married . 
  the biggest issue is assets purchased together ( namely a house ) . 
  it 's never easy to deal with property . 
  we have something similar in spain . 
  the short version is that spouses do n't have rights to each other 's assets during a divorce . 
  this can get very complicated very fast though depending on the situation and almost always requires a judge anyway . 
  we can also choose to have community property as well . 
  i 'm not spanish but my wife is and we were married at 25 and 23 respectively . 
  when people find out i 've been married for years and i 'm under 30 , i get some strange looks . 
  as part of an international couple , you can put whatever emotional arguments you want behind it , but at the end of the day it 's a legal contract that is important . 
  marriage is a huge deal for immigration , it 's possible without being married in europe , but not everywhere and really how else can you give an official guarantee that the government will recognize that you are a legit couple . 
  fast track is just the us procedural term to the fact that they ca n't amend the agreement in the us legislature . 
  you ca n't allow treaties to be amended like that otherwise you are effectively voting for them not to be passed because the whole point of negotiating the treaty in the first place is you have to cede some ground on each side . 
  if you allow everyone to vote like that you 're just negotiating again but in the worst possible way and ensuring failure . 
  go play a game in bangladesh in google earth and try to see how close you can zoom in without having people . 
  ( aside from their massive nature reserve ) land is at a premium there . 
  numbeo compares like for like for living conditions . 
  yeah , it may be poverty by w. europe standards but it 's a hell of a lot better than subsistence farming and is actually leading to a wonderful trend of having women be economically empowered and helping the next generation . 
  if they were forced to pay wages equal to a more expensive country , they just would n't operate in bangladesh in the first place . 
  aside from taxes , one of the single biggest line items in a consumer supply chain is the payment processing .
