  it 's straight from wot m8 ? 
  to k pa tio ? 
  if shooting starts in the ukraine , you can bet france and germany are n't going to let there become a refugee situation on a schengen border . 
  there are plenty of capable nations that would put a stop to that right away . 
  why should they raise salaries when inflation is negative and budgets are tight ? 
  the thing going on around these parts that everyone seems to have forgotten about is the property bubble . 
  i really do n't see the just rampant building in france . 
  the main reason things are still getting worse here is that houses are still getting cheaper . 
  why on earth would people spend money when their largest asset is still shrinking in value ? 
  why would i buy property when i can save more than i pay for a year in rent for the same place by just buying later ? 
  you just ca n't have a healthy economy without a relatively stable property market . 
  france has issues and a minor recession may or may not happen , but it 's nothing on the same order . 
  the banking market in europe is certainly very much in flux , and in a very developed economy so lot 's of m&a activity makes sense . 
  basically because of how the economics are structured that each economy must maintain it 's finances through fiscal policy alone without help on the monetary policy front . 
  it leads to some pretty stark differences . 
  cost of pretty much everything here is going down , while it is fairly stable in germany . 
  there was a really good article here yesterday talking about how the ecb does n't see itself as a large closed economy , but rather a small open one so they are having to basically learn all the lessons the fed learned over the last 80 years . 
  demand is still deteriorating years later and i think there is growing recognition that the prices in one country affect those in another . 
  i think if the germans see deflation up close , they will quickly lose their fear of small amounts of inflation . 
  it would n't fly here . 
  not as a matter of principle , but just that even the educated class does n't really know english en masse . 
  it is changing slowly , at least with written documents , but being a native english speaker is one of my main advantages at my office . 
  there are no controls between countries so how would they know ? 
  and if you want to go to the uk , you show your passport and visa card to the schengen officer when you leave and when you get to the uk , you will be subject to the common travel area restrictions ( which are essentially the same ) and enter as a normal tourist . 
  your student card will be a valid proof of being in schengen legally in any of the schengen countries . 
  the only issue is that it 's only an `` official '' id in the issuing country . 
  i have gotten away with flying on only my residence card a couple times for intra-schengen flights , but i always have my passport with me just in case . 
  i really do n't understand what you are worried about or even the question . 
  your visa is a schengen visa , not a hungarian one . 
  but it would n't matter . 
  the 90 days is the condition for staying visa free . 
  if you have a visa , you are no longer subject to that regime . 
  i very rarely enter or exit schengen from anywhere but spain , but when they start looking closely , i pull out my card and then they just stamp and do n't care . 
  i had one time awhile ago when i first came when i was waiting for my visa appointment while my 90 days expired , so i just did n't cross a border ( or fly ) during that time . 
  i guess i do n't really understand the question . 
  schengen is effectively a common border so you can be inside as long as you like , so long as you are legally permitted in a schengen country . 
  you may have issues pursuing work/study in a country where your visa is not from , but that does n't sound like it 's an issue . 
  you get stamped no matter what visa you have . 
  i live in schengen with a long term resident visa and i still get stamped when i leave/enter . 
  you may want to invest in extra pages if you will be crossing the border often in that case . 
  the only people that do n't get the stamp are eu citizens . 
  legal resident non-citizens still get it regardless of how they are legal . 
  spain is upping exports and the interest rate is actually the lowest it 's ever been with the euro . 
  the elephant in the room is the real estate market that still has n't stabilized almost 6 years later . 
  values are at almost 50 % of what they were . 
  anyone would have lost less money renting the last few years than buying and it 's still happening . 
  one thing the us system does really well is the whole non-recourse debt issue . 
  mortgages in general in europe are way overbalanced toward the bank . 
  i mean , they get to keep and sell the property that you are still obliged to pay for ?!, 
  a contract is a two way agreement and the buyer should be able to have the option of walking away from the mortgage at any time ( granted you lose the house and any credit history ) . 
  but back on point , i get the feeling that the wealthier folks are really starting to spend again which actually does do quite a bit to trickle down . 
  i 'm also convinced that when spain turns the corner , it 's going to go like crazy since it can basically be the european version of korea for awhile with low prices and very highly educated labour since such a huge portion of people ca n't leave due to terrible language education . 
  apparently my wife has a 600 in her town waiting for her but wants nothing to do with it . 
  i , on the other hand , can not wait to maintain that little death trap and make it purr . 
  yeah but with the accounting tricks , islamic accounts are not leveraged and the other accounts are leveraged more meaning everyone is happy and the bank keeps the same reserve ratio . 
  yeah , there was a big fury when that 's what they thought it was . 
  when it turned out to be a standard unfortunate accident , nobody bothered to say much about it . 
  that story was determined to be complete bullshit as they had somehow confused rat poison for flour and had nothing to do with food safety standards . 
  i usually end up speaking more spanish than english when out at night in london . 
  the mini usb charger for mobile phones . 
  no longer do i have to wonder if someone has the same model phone to charge up . 
  spanish does the same thing with felipe as he is the prince of asturias . 
  i would say the best translation to english of `` imputar '' is indicted . 
  exactly !, 
  the problem is private debt so the solution should n't be to tighten the government pocketbook in the middle of it . 
  the governments need to use their lending powers to support the recovery while the private sector recovers and then pay down their debts when the private economy is growing . 
  this is really basic stuff and what 's happening in not-greece crisis countries is the opposite . 
  by actively limiting inflationary measures , recovery is becoming much much harder due to decreasing salaries with similar debt loads . 
  basically it 's easier for people to rebalance budgets because some things get more expensive with the same amount of euros coming in than to have fewer euros coming in . 
  in effect both are actively getting poorer , but the fact that a greater percentage of money goes to paying debts makes the lack of inflation harder in general . 
  i encounter plenty of shitty romani people very far from where tourists would generally be . 
  i do n't hate individual gypsies , but i do hate the culture . 
  a good us example is hating inner city gang culture but not hating black people . 
  they are actually an ethnic group and many refuse to integrate into the societies where they reside leaving sections of cities or even entire shanty towns of gypsy people . 
  the culture values being closed to the outside and considers stealing from outsiders a positive trait . 
  it 's a real sticky problem because most people honestly want an integrated romani population , but if they refuse and refuse to play by the rules of society , it 's entirely understandable to feel they are `` undesirables '' . 
  there is actually quite a large population in the us as that 's where i learned to dislike them . 
  they do n't so much steal in america as try to scam anyone and everyone . 
  the classic driveway sealing scam is a good example of a classic gypsy move in the us , it 's just they are not as `` visible '' of a problem there . 
  my constant analogy is of being afraid of a glass of water because your grandfather drowned . 
  seems apt . 
  but lower inflation hurts exports . 
  germany could be doing even better with moderate inflation while helping everyone else out . 
  the policy is irrational at best . 
  i know you are n't everyone , but why does the average german fear inflation so much under these circumstances ? 
  a healthy ( 2-4 % ) inflation rate lowers long term debt burdens and encourages investment . 
  this is very , very , very badly needed down here but there is still stiff german opposition to monetary stimulus . 
  it would also be a huge benefit to german exports . 
  but germany had hyperinflation 90 years ago !, 
  we are clearly under similar circumstances now . 
  germany would be in much worse shape if it had the mark still . 
  the crisis holding down the value of the euro means their exports are cheaper . 
  germany/ecb with respect to inflation is like someone afraid of a glass of water because their great grandfather drowned . 
  i love how this moves over to the irish way of speaking english of using the same method . 
  it bothers me a lot when i see `` guasap '' actually being used . 
  as a native english speaker , this would be an amazing business opportunity . 
  i have to accredit a `` sufficent grade of integration into spanish society '' . 
  i do n't really know what that means , but there absolutely should be a language test for non-eu immigrants . 
  if there was a way to say some basic level of spanish is necessary for eu immigrants i would be for that as well . 
  i 'm saying this as someone who immigrated to spain .
