  i 'll get whole sentences and then just wo n't understand anything in the next sentence . 
  generally , yeah . 
  i mean , it 's still hard but i get brazilian portuguese much easier than portuguese from portugal . 
  i mean , we all know you are just occupied south galicia . 
  i mean , price generally correlates to quality up to a certain point and then it 's a crapshoot . 
  not saying there are n't good cheap wines or shit expensive ones , but if you 're paying 1 $ here , there 's a much better chance it 's terrible than if you are paying 5-6 $ for a bottle . 
  much beyond that , yeah , i agree . 
  but pretending cheap swill is n't a thing with wine is equally as ridiculous as saying price is everything . 
  it 's more one way . 
  portuguese people can get like 80 % of spanish , but spanish people can barely understand portuguese at all . 
  this is because portuguese has many more sounds than spanish so it all just gets kind of lost . 
  ahh ... so the true trick to making things awkward for a finn is go in for the kisses on greeting . 
  i mean , i ca n't really say anything because we just do n't understand anything when you guys talk . 
  i feel like an asshole because i just speak at people in portugal and do n't even worry about what people say back because i wo n't get it anyway . 
   speaking spanish in portugal is n't a real thing . 
  well , except for us spaniards , right . 
  i am fully guilty of this . 
  i mean ... it works . 
  would calling finland scandinavian count ? 
  i feel like we 're the only ones that do n't offend anyone by speaking spanish in portugal because it 's very , very clear that we know they are n't the same thing , but you do understand us . 
  i have to say being from the us , there actually are some really decent wines . 
  the thing is , because a good wine costs like $ 15-20 per bottle there , they have no reason to export it here where you can get a good bottle for 6 $ or so . 
  so that means we never really see the good wines from the us . 
  quick thing to help with that ... sa\u00edda is portuguese and salida is spanish also , portuguese tends to use 'm ' where spanish uses `` n ' so ` com ' vs ` con ' , 'em ' vs. ` en ' , etc. . . that should help you if you only know the very basics of each language . 
   western australia and the mexican/american desert look deceptively similar south africa also ... it 's really annoying . 
  brazil can be surprisingly difficult a lot of the times , too . 
  also , random forested road in russia is a huge amount of territory . 
  i just kind of ended up in spain for a short time , loved it and stayed . 
  i moved from indiana to madrid . 
  i just ca n't get away . 
  i think it 's an interesting legal and political issue . 
  i do n't have an opinion either way , really , though . 
  i also think it 's interesting to think what the effect would be on unionism in ni for a uk without scotland . 
  this is the whole idea of succession of states . 
  i mean , within the uk , england would pretty clearly be the successor state if there was a full split and the idea of london splitting from england is so far beyond what is reasonable that it 's not really worth considering . 
  czechoslovakia was an interesting case because they were roughly equal and , iirc , they both basically started from zero . 
  uk ca n't stop them from either using gbp directly or setting a 1:1 peg, 
  scotland with a permanent seat on the security council and nato membership at the expense of ruk is just not reasonable . 
  you 're either a successor state or not . 
  why do people make this shit up ? 
  the spanish government has said they would n't veto a scottish application , but it 's stupid to talk about details of a hypothetical situation when we do n't know exactly what will happen . 
   they would assert that within the eu they are a successor stat i 'm sorry but scotland as the successor state to the uk is patently ridiculous . 
  that 's nothing at all alike . 
  spain says that they will recognize scotland if ruk does . 
  from there they are independent and need to follow formal accession protocol just like everyone else . 
  i 'd say they would n't get any opt-outs either . 
  it could mean a schengen border . 
  the total number of jobs in scotland is 2.5 million . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.gov.scot/topics/statistics/browse/labour-market/publications/apsoct15sep16sum ), 
  so we were told how the cities voted remain , but i think it 's interesting how strong leave was in the immediate suburbs of the biggest cities . 
  i mean , i do n't really think the existence of rt is an issue , for as much as i do n't like them . 
  but there 's a difference between publicly airing a few and clandestinely intervening in electoral processes . 
  population of greece : 11 million population of the european union : 510 million so yeah ... the greek situation is unfortunate but it 's total population is around 2 % of the eu so you ca n't just say that the single worst case is equal to the entire eu . 
  that 's obviously false . 
  it will never be sold as `` fiscal transfers '' . 
  it will be sold as `` pension harmonization fund '' or `` eu research/military/other government '' activity or things like that . 
  i do n't know if anyone 's seen someone dealing with a pension after having worked in several countries , but it 's absolutely terrible and definitely something that needs to be fixed . 
  they 're very small as a percentage of the economy . 
  we 're not even that high in spain anymore . 
  not saying employment is n't an issue , but that 's just not a true number . 
   scotland is already a part of the eu . 
  where has scotland signed any treaty related to the eu ? 
  the uk has , but in no conceivable world would scotland be a successor state to the uk , especially while england , wales , and n. ireland continue to be the same state . 
  also known as the cover to every statics textbook . 
  that bridge has frighteningly narrow lanes . 
  i did n't realize the balearic islands were n't around in roman times . 
  honestly , we eat all kinds of stuff , and it 's not that this is fundamentally a bad idea or something , it 's just calling it a `` tortilla '' is wrong . 
  it 's no more a tortilla than if i were to tell you scrambled eggs with fried potatoes is a tortilla . 
  like ... it 's just not what they are calling it . 
  \u00a1 a armas !, 
  i know you 're coming from belgium , but spain is just good for solar , not particularly great . 
  spanish companies are building some in morocco which is much better for solar . 
  but yeah , the government fucked over grid scale solar hard by promising subsidies and then rescinding them once the plants were built so the investments are n't panning out at all like they were planned . 
  i generally , agree . 
  i just think the way to find out how many is `` too many '' is to just remove quotas all together and let them figure it out . 
  if we are serious about a single market , it will mean a lot more labor intensive work moves to cheaper countries like hungary or romania . 
  that 's okay . 
  say a dane whose work is generally high value added is probably better served by doing other work even in agriculture , there are plenty of lower volume , higher margin crops . 
  and yeah , i know nationalism is going to play a huge part in people not wanting their country to depend on others . 
   but whether laws should be above democracy i fundamentally think democracy is laws . 
  it 's not about above or below . 
  pure 50 % +1 referendum on everything is essentially mob rule and obviously a terrible idea all around so the procedural basis , as defined by law is fundamental . 
  and yeah , i think following it is most important when it 's inconvenient because i do n't like a precedent that a government ca n't follow its own rules just because it 's politically expedient . 
  that should read should n't ... sorry . 
  hope it 's clear from the rest of my comment . 
  fixed, 
  good thing there 's a system to actually figure out how to get to the bottom of exactly what happened and if it was within the law or not . 
  too bad it `` feels wrong '' to you . 
  the issue is that the constitutional court specifically ruled that the vote should not be held and they went ahead with it . 
  so they are more specifically there for willingly violating an order of the court . 
  if anything should happen or not , well that 's the whole point of the court hearings . 
   they wo n't just change their stance . 
  nobody knows what the new leadership will be . 
  it 's hard to argue things that did n't happen , but acting conciliatory ( or at the very least not outright insulting them ) could have helped make that a point in the leadership contest . 
  nobody knows who the new leader will be , but it 's not hard to imagine trying to be conciliatory , having someone from psc run for the leadership with the idea for forming a coalition to get power again . 
  that stance could have even had the numbers to take down the current government , but erc decided it was n't even worth trying that method . 
  honestly , the moment rufi\u00e1n went off on psoe in the congress was the moment i realized they were n't serious about `` trying everything '' . 
  with everything that happened in psoe , there 's a real possibility that there could be a negotiated pact involving will from the central government regarding a referendum between psoe , podemos , and various nationalist parties . 
  but ... that was torpedoed right in that speech . 
  and `` trying everything '' is apparently waiting for a single election since the estatut disaster .
