  if they actually get rid of rajoy , then i could see them going with pp . 
  i just do n't see that as very likely , but it could well happen . 
  my predictions is pp comes in first and a c 's / psoe minority government forms with an abstention from podemos . 
  s\u00e1nchez will probably be president even if they lose due to how seats are allocated disadvantaging smaller parties but they will have to be very sensitive to what ciudadanos wants and could be a pretty equal partnership . 
  that said , it 's not out of the possibilities for c 's to beat psoe . 
  it seems perfectly clear that every time something comes out about how badly covergencia has fucked the catalan people they push even harder for independence . 
  they even made it so they did n't even have to try to run based on their record with the unified list . 
  also shipbuilding is in galicia . 
  i 'm going to repost [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qxolf/spains_main_parties_to_defend_unity_against/cwjb08i ) from last week : a little bit of context . 
  since the elections of 27 september . 
  there has n't been any formal coalition formed so artur mas remains acting president of the generalitat ( the catalan government ) . 
  the joint list of the catalan republican left ( erc ) and mas ' party democratic catalan convergence ( cdc ) did not get the majority they needed but would need to pact with the radical leftists united popular candidacy ( cup ) who said that they would not support a unilateral declaration of independence without a 50 % majority . 
  in the meantime , anti-corruption investigators were waiting in the wings as not to interfere with elections but were ready to make some arrests . 
  they arrested a few treasurers and details of how deep the corruption in the cdc have started to come out . 
  and specific details of how it happened . 
  the main example was that to win any public infrastructure project , you had to make a donation of 3 % of the contract to various non-profits controlled by the party . 
  after all these revelations the catalan parliament passed a plan to be able to achieve independence though the position of cup on this is kind of unclear . 
  there is also some major internal dissent within the cdc party regarding pacting with radical leftists . 
  ( they are center right , but have really made themselves a single issue party recently ) and just in the last few days it has come out that the catalan health system wo n't be able to pay its subsidies to pharmacies due to a 300m $ deficit . 
  in the same time period it has come out that the family of one of the main founders of the party ( who was already known to have robbed hundreds of millions ) had an additional 900m $ offshore in belize . 
  as far as the anti-independence pact goes , it appears that the third party and likely kingmaker for the national elections on 20 december is ciudadanos which is a new party on the national scene and the second most voted party in catalonia . 
  they started as a catalan regional party and are strongly unionist and liberal so having a catalan party in the middle of a unionist pact is favorable to both the psoe and pp . 
  wow ... that got to be a lot longer than i thought . 
  i 'm sure there will be plenty of criticisms but i really tried to keep my personal views out of it . 
  do n't forget just how much money they found in pujol accounts abroad . 
  corruption happens , but the amount of money is staggering . 
  the vast majority of homes in the us are made out of framed wood beams . 
  and plywood does nothing structural there except for support weight on the floor . 
  because it 's still eu jurisdiction so they have to follow laws about seeking asylum . 
  they also talk about how the us is needed for spain-morocco relations . 
  but we work very closely with them . 
  sure they have a formal claim for ceuta and melilla but territorial claims within normal relationships are pretty normal for spain , ( see gibraltar and olivenza ) . 
  they are not allowed to mainland spain . 
  there are required id checks to get to ceuta and melilla . 
  most spanish stereotypes are like a specific subset of andalusia , but we do eat lots and lots of jam\u00f3n . 
  the part where you want to stay away from people or the part about the cold ? 
  fyi , `` banco '' as a place you sit is a bench . 
  think of the ` t ' when saying `` pot of tea '' but as if you were pronouncing it naturally like `` potta tea '' . 
  ( keep in mind i 'm originally american so it 's a bit more pronounced than in a lot of english accents ) and use that sound to make the single ` r ' in spanish . 
  once you get that down , just learn exactly where your tongue is at that point and sort of relax it and run air over the tip ( it should be touching the roof of your mouth right behind your teeth ) and if you do it right , it will trill . 
  why do bananas have to be offensive ? 
  i love bananas . 
  they 're delicious . 
  it just does n't exist in spanish that way . 
  i do n't know why people have such a hard time learning it , it 's not a particularly difficult phoneme . 
  physically difficult sounds for spaniards to make in english are the hard ` j' that you also find immediately followed by an ` r ' with the ` dr ' combination ( like in ` madrid '' ) . 
  it requires a movement of the tongue that is kind of difficult to learn . 
  though as a non-native speaker , i learned to trill my ` r 's well and that is way harder if you start from nothing . 
  also , most spanish people ca n't understand vowel complexity at all . 
  catalans and galicians have a bit of an advantage in learning english just because they have more vowel sounds and know how to hear the difference . 
  ( english has something like 14-17 vowel sounds depending on the accent iirc ), 
  so your sample of the general population is from those that stopped and were talking politics with you . 
  you do n't see that as a bit of selection bias ? 
  hell , i loved politics as a kid and had a few people i could speak with intelligently about it but i do n't pretend i was even close to more than a small minority . 
  i did for a long time but i do n't anymore . 
  i was more referring to how you meet so many different people while going outside to smoke . 
  from peons to big bosses . 
  i think i smoked like 2 packs the last night it was allowed . 
  i ended up quitting a few months later and now i do n't know how i subjected myself to that for so long . 
  i do miss the social aspect of smoking at work , though . 
  berlin is n't a business centric city . 
  they were too isolated for years and had poor connections due to the whole cold war thing . 
  the money in germany is in munich , frankfurt , cologne/dusseldorf, 
  it 's just that madrid built housing like crazy for decades and it basically continued up until the crisis even within areas of the city proper . 
  that sounds about right keeping in mind that the city of madrid includes vallecas , carabanchel , san blas , villaverde and other very cheap areas . 
  for every 1m $ flat in salamanca there are 5 cheap ones . 
  german bunds are about as low risk as it gets for euro denominated . 
  if it gets to the point where germany will default , money wo n't matter anyway . 
  oh , i 'm quite used to it . 
  this year madrid will be the city i have lived in the longest . 
  but i travel for work and so i spend a morning in the office , eat at the airport , and then by the time i arrive , get a car , drive to wherever it is i need to be it 's dinner time . 
  ( at least our dinner time ) but they 're all out drinking and normal nightlife scene . 
  seems pretty comparable . 
  but is it a proper lunch ? 
  like a full men\u00fa del d\u00eda type thing ? 
  plenty of places here can do a medio men\u00fa for 6 $ or so and then just not eat one of the plates . 
  my problem when in the rest of europe is that everything is closed when i 'm hungry . 
  people seem to think i 'm nuts looking to eat dinner at 21:00 . 
  ( though it does n't help that i 'm not originally from spain and i look pretty guiri ), 
  my point is you ca n't just take uk/ireland and claim that it 's a deciding factor and not say ... how road laws are written . 
  even malta is excluded which i think would be a pretty good data point . 
  did you see india in that graph ? 
  i 've driven around thailand , and that was a harrowing experience . 
  i would bet s. africa would be pretty high up there as well . 
  oh i know . 
  those are just the most egregious ones i can think of in madrid . 
  yes . 
  people i know refer to them as the beehives . 
  those are just normal urban blocks . 
  you should see these just a few km south on the same road . 
  i suppose it 's if we are going by number of fatalities or number of crashes . 
  i tend to think of the former . 
  i looked it up and it was indeed the worst in a few years , but by no means an outlier which kind of goes back to my original point . 
  it was a bad year because you 're not going to have to widebody crashes in a year and have a decent record with regards to deaths , but it 's still way better than it was many years ago . 
  honestly the crash that really gets to me the most in 2014 was the atr going out of tpe where the pilot had an engine failure and mistakenly killed the good engine just because that was was so avoidable . 
  really not . 
  2014 was just exceedingly bad . 
  and you ca n't really blame mh17 on anything inherent to aviation for as tragic as it was , it was a mistaken act of war . 
  and mh370 is just ... well , you ca n't really say anything about what happened because we just do n't know other than it did crash into the indian ocean . 
  iirc it was an outlier for the recent years .
