  they do , but they basically do it as a waiting game.they just sit there waiting for them to get tired/thirsty enough to come down on their own . 
  it 's much safer for everyone than a wrestling match on top . 
  places where there is lots of green grass and a round is n't insanely expensive ? 
  i 'm not spanish ( though will be naturalizing soon ) , but i have lived in spain for years and plan on staying here for the rest of my life . 
  considering i think of spain as `` home '' and the us flag is quite charged , i stick with spain . 
  they are a rentier state so it really does cancel out . 
  not saying making life better , but it makes government finances work on usd prices that are much lower than they would otherwise need . 
  the education system needs reform , but it 's not the root of the problem . 
  you ca n't force people to learn , only make favorable conditions . 
  people would have been leaving school in huge numbers anyway . 
  it 's hard to argue with several thousand euros a month when you are young with no education . 
  especially when the alternative is making less after a university education . 
  considering the russian regime just spins it as `` look what the west is doing to us '' , i suspect it can last a lot longer than a lot of people think . 
  ruble falling is good for putin . 
  since oil & gas is sold in dollars , it means they can maintain their budget despite the lower oil prices since they essentially get more rubles per barrel . 
  sucks for people buying anything imported , though . 
  a huge portion of those unemployed are people that left school to work basic construction jobs and now basically have no skills . 
  it 's really sad and starting to develop into basically two separate worlds in the same space . 
  the people with work skills are able to be employed and those without that are just going to be left behind basically for their entire lives because the allure of the bubble was so great for just a couple years . 
  this israeli government comes to the irish defence in the end . 
  i see a banking union happening and then another banking crisis in 20 years or so causing a fiscal union to have to happen . 
  the whole system was essentially designed to do exactly this . 
  have crises that forces piecemeal integration . 
  it 's also working great , a war between eu members is pretty much unthinkable at this point . 
  remember in the end it 's only money when comparing the last century of crises in europe . 
  no because they know how much they are profiting from the union and having an undervalued currency and an export driven economy . 
  it 's just in their interest to try to avoid recognizing the costs of those benefits . 
  it makes sense for the czechs and polish to oppose the euro but it would be fantastic for sweden . 
  having an artificially lower value currency is great for your local economy . 
  you are thinking of sweden . 
  denmark has an opt-out but is in erm-ii making them essentially on the euro with a peg . 
  same here , but i do n't know why you receive more on the extra payment . 
  my wife explained it to me once since she works in hr but i forget because tax calculations are boring . 
  yeah , the crisis has shown pretty clearly that the difference in doing well or poorly is with monetary policy and fiscal policy has minimal impact . 
  basically , i hate the ecb and their stupid fear of expansionist monetary policy and thinking inflation is some kind of threat in this environment . 
  it 's not a strict extra payment since i believe it 's taxed differently . 
  it 's pretty close , though . 
  personally , i 'm pretty happy with my 12 annual payments . 
  while true , there are big problems with very few registering as living here so it 's hard to allocate the funding correctly . 
  granted a minor problem in grand scheme of things . 
  in a firey fall from cruising altitude crash , you 're right . 
  but most crashes are issues with landing or take off and a seat belt can certainly keep you from getting ejected from your seat . 
  well , the cutting off of the diaspora in the uk would be a big factor . 
  pretty much everyone in their 20 's knows somone who went to london . 
  being forced to leave a sustainable life would create quite a political backlash from friends and families . 
  i could see tying a visa to having property , though . 
  there are a lot that are renting as well . 
  i love my city . 
  curious how you guys deal with valid marriages from other countries and eu laws and stuff . 
  like would n't italy have to recognize a gay couple that got married in spain ? 
  seems like a tricky issue . 
  it would make the pantoja thing a lot more amusing . 
  that 's not true . 
  catalonia were quite happy about being in a union with spain around the last time scotland voted . 
  you can just look at the numbers in favor of the constitution . 
  it 's not like it was a burried issue because there was a large abstention and significantly lower margins in the basque country due to this exact issue . 
  as catalonia would almost certainly be outside of the eu , if they were on the euro , it would be as a unilateral adoptation and is essentially the same end effect . 
  just like the ecb wo n't do anything to save montenegro if they get into trouble . 
  yeah , then we can ban minarets and violate treaty requirements and stuff in the name of populism !, 
  this really has nothing to do with the uk . 
  it was cancelled because they knew they were n't going to do it in the first place , but it was great theater and stirred up a bunch of emotions in the mean time . 
  on the opposite side , they did the same exact thing with the abortion bill in madrid this year . 
  basically decide that nothing will happen from the beginning and then make a big spectacle about introducing a law that everyone knows is doomed from the start . 
   i feel that some parties are looking more for their own electoral expectations than then finalobjective of the process . 
  this is true for pretty much all political parties everywhere . 
  gender issues and government help for raising children play a huge issue as well for women . 
  you should honestly do fine . 
  decent english and industrial engineering is actually really difficult to find right now in madrid . 
  andaluc\u00eda may be rough if you ca n't get in with abengoa or some other small supplier , though . 
  but really , there 's many years worth of huge industrial contracts that have been signed these last few months . 
  spanish engineering may have to start taking backlogs to have people wait for their contracts because there 's just not enough capacity . 
  a lot of this is due to the low cost of employing competent engineers . 
  i mean , i would say the entire vichy regime for you guys . 
  i can really only speak locally for madrid , but engineering is doing very well . 
  t\u00e9cnicas , acs , ferrovial , etc. . have all been signing massive contracts like crazy . 
  the education i got in the us has pretty much paid for itself in increased salary opportunities after only about 5 years . 
  there are ways you can make it much less expensive and a university with a recognized name can do you good . 
  that said , it 's impossible to quantify how much is my university exactly and how much is my work leading to better work . 
  i will also say that my professional network is very good and i made the equivalent of one year 's tuition once in a referral bonus just by knowing other qualified people . 
  i know it 's not enough to drive a country , but a technical certification , decent english , and even a slight amount of experience is enough to get a job fairly easily . 
  the pay is less than other countries , but so is the cost of living . 
  people tend to downvote me to hell by somehow implying that it 's possible to work in spain . 
  i can tell you that finding competent engineers and it people is actually pretty difficult and visa rules had to be relaxed to allow more educated foreigners in . 
  except for some very specific examples in rush hour , i do n't get how you can go on about public transport being faster . 
  it 's just not true . 
  a taxi is generally much faster . 
  like , by a lot . 
  at least in madrid where the argument is taking place . 
  who handles their post ? 
  and i imagine property taxes would be a nightmare there . 
  can you say the bedroom is on the side with lower income taxes to make you a resident ? 
  i would bet spain is n't so much from having learned language as a huge percentage of the country growing up billingual from catalan ( incl . 
  valencian and mallorcan ) , basque , or galician . 
  english is truly terrible here . 
  this is n't english , but just how many languages . 
  seeing as how there are severla autonomous communites with two languages , a huge portion of the country starts with 2 as default . 
  catalonia , valencia , balearic islands , basque country , part of navarre , and galicia is quite a few people . 
  that 's a great argument for changing the law , which i said i support . 
  you still ca n't just go and be allowed to not follow business regulation because it 's inconvenient or gets in the way of your profits . 
  i 'm pretty right wing and pro-business at that .
