  it 's not always economic suicide but it gets complicated ( see republic of china a.k.a taiwan ) . 
  hell , the us is their biggest ally and does n't even recognize them as a country . 
  it could also set a precedent for corsicans to get ideas . 
  even if it 's not a problem now , you do n't want to set precedents . 
  here 's my honest question coming from madrid . 
  is the rise of ciudadanos on a national level having any impact in catalonia on their popularity ? 
  i mean , people are all around angry about corruption and it 's pretty hard to ignore ciu when talking about corrupt parties as well . 
  would that have a sizable impact on pro-independence parties ? 
  for those outside spain , ciudadanos/ciutatans is a party that is also rising quickly with the main principles being pro-markets and anti-corruption ( we 'll see how long they stay clean ) . 
  they are originally a regional party from catalonia that very strongly supports the union with spain , though . 
  i think the british system is pretty fair . 
  no access restrictions and you pay once you start making enough money . 
  not saying how the us does it is the best , but the economist in me really dislikes just giving away the optional service . 
  i 'm not saying that the costs are currently where they should be . 
  but there is a good argument to be made that optional education should n't necessarily be free . 
  fine , if the state mandates you go to school , you do n't pay . 
  but once you choose to take advantage of a service like that , i do n't see an ideological reason why you should n't pay for a good part of it , especially as it 's something that will get you much more money in return . 
  you know there is some convenient place in between the two . 
  i like being able to have a bottle of water within easy reach for a long drive but my opel just has a shitty , inconvenient slightly convex part on the door storage place for that that really does n't work all that well . 
  the siesta is n't really a thing for most people . 
  at least in the cities . 
  well , lot 's of people do n't earn a lot for costs of living in the us as well . 
  i have a good job and make significantly more than that . 
  it 's still pretty normal to make more than that for most people . 
  ( note that the reddit population skews toward people in their 20s ), 
  yeah , meaning the payback period for the investment is less than 10 years , not even counting the underlying value of the investment and i think it 's safe to assume growth in the romanian economy for awhile . 
  all in all ... whatever , dude found a good deal and bought it . 
  the health system is probably the single biggest issue in the us and it 's essentially the result of a long chain of short sighted decisions based on a lack of overall vision . 
  it gets into a lot of details about if the national government or state governments should have control and both are trying to drive the conversation and in the mean time everyone was getting left behind . 
  the universal insurance coverage is not the final answer , but it 's a good first step ( despite the large number of people determined to let perfect be the enemy of good ) . 
  i honestly see it slowly moving to a single payer system with all private doctors that wo n't be so bad , but the weird ideological fever needs to break on the right first . 
  us politics just seems to be about larger-than-life characters and it 's been that way basically since jackson in the 1820s . 
  the internet has made it even more extreme since everyone can be heard now . 
  of course they offer visas , but he was referring to working holiday visas , i assume . 
  the only country with any sort of arrangement for that with the us is ireland . 
  working visas can be had for some professionals , but they can be quite challenging and there is no preference for being from the uk or eu in general ( except maybe for diversity lottery visas ) . 
  you measure profit margin based on revenue . 
  i 'm not referring to yoy growth . 
  you know , for all the politics you see on reddit , i feel like most people have n't really seen how the us is for themselves . 
  yeah , small towns in the south often care about if you go to church , but i grew up there , never practicing any religion and have never received any negative comment about it aside from an `` i do n't really agree with that '' from time to time . 
  ( about the same as i get in spain ) . 
  i 'm from a fairly conservative state as well . 
  well , i am from the us and chose to leave , so i 'll go with no . 
  not something all that ideological , just my wife and her family are in spain and i really like the lifestyle here . 
  hola has never worked that well for me . 
  especially for uk content . 
  i have a legit us credit card and address i can use , but i want to be able to get it to work with an xbox so it 's not really an option . 
  i would love to be able to sign up for uk netflix . 
  well there is a rather large mountain range that makes it difficult for the indians to advance further . 
  san francisco is like the global capital of gay culture . 
  yup , no christian colonialism in the americas . 
  there is zero chance we do better than portugal . 
  seeing that just made me question the reliability of the whole thing . 
  hell , when in portugal , i either speak spanish at people and do n't give a fuck about what they say because i wo n't understand it or speak english and everyone young speaks decent english . 
  i mean , like germany levels among the youth . 
  i work in oil in madrid . 
  so many venezuelans . 
  pretty reasonable price in that case . 
  it 's not that hard to boost profits by a couple of percentage points through management . 
  what is the revenue ? 
  well it 's the direct opposite of the original catch-22 . 
  getting grounded is a punishment . 
  make no mistake about that and has a massive stigma attached to it as well . 
  very few pilots will be happy about not being allowed to fly . 
  but allowing them to continue and pretend nothing was wrong even if they are showing risky behavior is also certainly unethical . 
  i really do n't even know what a good proposal would even look like , but it is certainly not a simple solution . 
  arbitration is still very intentionally inconvenient and expensive , just not as much as a court case . 
  i have yet to deal with arbitration personally , but those clauses just seem like something i want to avoid at nearly all costs . 
  right but if those mental health issues raise very real questions about their competence , what do you do ? 
  it honestly seems like a really difficult thing to deal with and there are a lot of competing and mutually exclusive forces . 
  they do , but if a pilot reports for mental health issues , they are basically giving up their career . 
  they also have regular drugs tests . 
  hence the drunken pilot stereotype . 
  this particular pilot was very new , though ( < 1000 hours ) so we 'll see what will be changed about evaluations . 
  i 'm assuming the prosecutor in marseilles has more access to facts than most people . 
  the spanish press is explicitly stating it was deliberate . 
  eh , i honestly mostly care about business news and economic stuff in general anyway . 
  fair enough . 
  ft tends to be my uk paper of choice . 
  the telegraph is not the mail . 
  they are very happy to promote business interests and the corporate worlds understands the single market is a very good thing for the uk . 
  it 's the classic issue of the populist right wing versus business interest right wing . 
   well to be honest why does the eu even try to influence things like farmers ? 
  because the idea of being self sufficient for something as important as food is pretty important . 
  he 's the modern version of archie bunker . 
  he 's endearing but not that great of a person . 
  the lack of change of course and no distress signal make me think the autopilot initiated a controlled decent while everyone was down . 
  maybe would have been recoverable without the alps in their way . 
  swiftair crashed in algeria in 2014 . 
  spanish airline . 
  venezuela 's crazy , but they 've never been outwardly aggressive and that would certainly not be loved by the population . 
  ( they like cura\u00e7ao ) . 
  also , they do n't have the money to support that sort of an operation and the dutch also have a more than capable military . 
  probably because the only real threat has been argentina against the falklands . 
  and uk has that down . 
  you 've pretty much got it . 
  though seeing sterling rise in value is certainly a disadvantage to selling british goods abroad , even within the single market . 
  at the end of the day we are living in strange times and it needs to be seen if banks will leverage themselves a bit more or we just have a sort of new normal for reserves . 
  yeah , it would be a lot for a heavy , but it 's really not that extreme for a narrowbody like this . 
  what would you say are the chances of the syriza collapsing from disagreement of the constituent parties ?
