   yours faithfully ,  minister of finance, 
  it makes sense with the youth bias of reddit , but 95 % of people around here are n't involved in managing things . 
  if i submitted a proposal like what they have done for a project worth a few million i would be laughed out of the room . 
  they have a serious lack of technical competence in running government that is astounding . 
  i would say it 's like someone saying the bus is being driven the wrong direction and they should have a turn driving to show how it needs to be done . 
  when they finally get into the drivers seat , they 're not sure what each pedal does . 
  things that most people assume would be implicit that a government can do , they just fail at . 
  this has nothing to do with ideology as i 'm sure anel is just as guilty with them . 
  it 's to do with the fact that they are used to be extremists in parliament that can write a 3 page rant about anything but are never actually responsible for any results . 
  i have no idea . 
  it 's a bare assertion from a source that has proven to be less than trustworthy . 
  no ... the text literally arrived this morning . 
  what , specifically , was the impact of the referendum then ? 
  because nobody is really sure and that 's up to greece to actually say when they present the new reforms that they are trying to do as some sort of unity force . 
  anything they presented before is n't on the table right now . 
  fair enough , but i 'm in a sort of drought or downpour job and i 've been waiting on a lot of clients in the muslim world so i 'm just kind of getting paid to sit tight until ramadan ends . 
  explicitly stating that there was a deal that only required a signature and that the banks would absolutely open on tuesday when it was clearly obvious to everyone that it was impossible . 
  the bloomberg interview is pretty brazen . 
  it 's a parliament , not a real meeting . 
  the point is basically to publicly grandstand with your rhetoric . 
  the big , important groups actually did address tsipras directly . 
  a lot of smaller groups just want to have their views heard without much input really . 
  i do n't get what podemos gets out of tying themselves to what is obviously an anchor at this point . 
  man , i have such a hard time listening to italian . 
  i understand enough to know what 's going on just from similarities to spanish , but i get so lost so fast right afterward . 
  it 's like the language is fucking with my brain . 
  well i am sitting at work following this . 
  how much credibility does varoufakis have at this point ? 
  he was explicitly lying last week to advance an agenda . 
  unless he did n't mean that it was yesterday the banks would open but some other future tuesday . 
  that had as much substance as the letter . 
  they really talking about reforms but are light on what those specific reforms are at this point . 
  no rush , though . 
  oh fuck off , farage . 
  the eu is one of the few good things to happen to spain . 
  `` there is a new berlin wall , and it 's called the euro '' jesus, 
  i wish my professional meetings were this exciting . 
   there 's always a few hardliners making provocative comments . 
  junker and tusk are not hard liners . 
  that 's what 's so concerning . 
  tusk in particular has been one of the most conciliatory figures on the european side and basically came out and said they are preparing for no deal directly . 
   `` the message of the referendum is that europe will be democratic or it will have immense difficulties surviving . '', 
  - tsipras again forgetting that all the other countries are also democracies and you ca n't vote for them to follow what you want . 
  there was mention of guaranteeing access until sunday . 
  apparently they are drafting plans to supply food and medicine . 
  who knows how eu membership will be affected , but i do n't think a lot of people understand just how much the eu affect their life . 
  i 've seen plenty on here of `` if they end up leaving the eu , they can just move away and send money back '' well ... no , the mechanism that allows one to move * is * the eu . 
  they would n't even be able to so much as get on a boat to italy without needing a schengen visa just to visit as it would be just another balkan country except without a visa regime negotiated . 
  they gave a presentation but there was no text presented to be reviewed . 
   greece kept its expenses and debt stable . 
  at 110 % on an import and tourism based economy prior to the crisis . 
  italy can manage it because they export a ton . 
  japan can manage it because they also export a ton as well as having most of the debt owed to japanese people/institutions . 
  being `` stable '' in good times is n't good enough . 
  in the boom when italy managed to go from 120 % to 103 % and spain from 63 % to 36 % , greece managed to grow from 97 % to 107 % . 
  so they managed to still have massive deficits even while everyone else was paying off . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess i get stuck in my world of b2b stuff and players generally on theoretically equal footing . 
  well , both receive in that case . 
  but either way , this is specifically greece trying to sell bonds . 
  also , the point remains about what exactly greece demands being unclear after the referendum . 
  it supposedly changed things . 
  what , specifically , written in text , is changed ? 
  their hybrids are good and city drivers want that urban efficiency . 
  we have a lot of priuses as well but the most common in madrid is a diesel skoda octavia by a lot . 
  do n't you know . 
  banks are evil . 
  that 's why greece is doing so well without them right now . 
  i honestly think the germans are thinking berlin airlift style . 
  like literal planeloads of food and medicine . 
  though i supposed it would probably go by road , but yeah . 
   i do n't get how you keep repeating that . 
  how is it how it works ? 
  is there a rule written somewhere ? 
  is it just how it 's done in your technocratic wonderland ? 
  what is so shocking about discussing without a document ? 
  are you imagining them , all on a copy , making notes , rectifications , comments , etc ... ? 
  think of any possible transaction where someone receives money . 
  the one receiving is the one that writes up the proposal . 
  if you think the convention is retarded , that 's fine , but it 's there and they are the ones who need the deal not the rest of the eu . 
  and yes ... i am imagining them going line by line in this stuff . 
  it is highly technical and there 's not time to have a lengthy discussion about theory while the banks are collapsing all around . 
  any agreement is based on a literal written document and it needs to be parsed . 
  seriously , anyone with any amount of experience with proposals knows this and the greeks do n't contest it either . 
  even if it 's a bad one , you need a document to work with otherwise you are working with nothing . 
  all of what you said may be fine if it were some long term agreement , not at days to hours from the banks failing . 
  edit : not to mention , nobody is really clear about what the referendum means for what is acceptable to the greeks now . 
  so they might want to start saying that . 
  especially when the argument is we do n't want to pay for what our ancestors voted . 
  i can see how that can really anger the ex-communists who had to pay for their ancestors who did n't even have a vote . 
  my theory is the dutch are just really nice and so are really happy someone else is willing to be the bad guy . 
  same with the finns . 
  spain is pretty much unquestionably pro-europe because it 's basically the only unambiguously good thing to happen in recent spanish history . 
  i do n't disagree , but i will admit that the frenchman coming out with a `` but france ! '', 
  for eu leadership is wonderfully stereotypical and put a smile on my face . 
  but really , the true `` core of the eu '' is the weird germany/france dance with uk somehow involved in everything but without being in the middle of it . 
  they could n't take the deal because it was `` humiliating '' . 
  i suppose they will be proud while europe has to literally fly in food and medicines for survival . 
  well , everything seems to be moving in slow motion , but a bank that does n't have the cash to stock the atms and is undercapitalized is failed bank holiday or no . 
  i mean , they have to have some sort of plan to open , they ca n't just be planning on operating without a financial sector .
