  my real question is if whatever iu+p odemos forms will be able to negotiate anything . 
  it would be a coalition of two coalitions and podemos ' problem from the beginning has been they are incapable of negotiating because everything is a red line in order to hold their group together . 
  and the new elections look like they will just have more or less the same result . 
  i think this should be called `` pulling a belgium '' as a small nitpick , i assume rivera used the word `` asumir '' which better translates to `` accept '' rather than `` assume '' . 
  yeah , spain is noticeably better than a couple years ago . 
  still bad , but better than it was . 
  i was going to say , eurovision always seems to be a joke for people that watch way too much entertainment stuff . 
  that said , i heard this year 's song and it 's kind of catchy . 
  in some ways , it 's an inevitability of cheap communication and cheap travel ( disclaimer , i 'm currently waiting on a flight to nyc ) . 
  but i think a lot of it is just the classic issues of nostalgia as well . 
  idealizing the past and ignoring the aspects that do n't conform to your memories . 
  even for nyc , the amount of people the idealize the 90 's crime wave for being more `` real '' is insane . 
  sorry , being from there everyone i encounter seems to be convinced he will actually win and must tell me about it . 
  trump has zero chance of being president . 
  i know the european press likes to harp on it because it sells , but it 's honestly not that clear that he will be able to be the republican nominee as he probably wo n't have the delegate votes he needs at the convention . 
  regardless , his success thus far says more about what has happened to the republican party than to the country as a whole . 
  i grew up there and left in 2010 . 
  so after palin really turned the corner but before things got really ugly . 
  it 's worth mentioning that just having a panamanian offshore or showing up in the papers in the first place in no way proves any wrongdoing . 
  i 'm frankly shocked at the poor messaging skills of a lot of people caught up in this . 
  all anyone really has to say right now is `` i have never evaded taxes and all income has been properly declared . 
  in spite of that , i have started an inquiry into all dealings with mossack fonseca to ensure the situation is as clear as possible and will release the conclusions once they are ready . '', 
  i 'll have one politics , please . 
   why do europeans hate mcdonalds so much , then ? 
  i do n't think this is universally true . 
  it 's pretty popular here . 
  you know , fast , not too expensive and pretty predictable . 
  like , i 'm never thrilled to eat there , but it 's not that bad either and when you just need something to eat with little thought and are in a hurry , it works well . 
  we do have a fair amount of burger king 's too , though . 
  and now leaders of anti-corruption organizations are arrested for extortion . 
  http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2016/04/15/actualidad/1460704827_124915.html ( spanish ) they would take money to not present cases . 
  i still say , that things are getting better despite all the news . 
  corruption has run deep so cleaning it will have a lot of news . 
  but it 's more of an issue when it 's not making headlines . 
  edit : those responsible for sacking the people who have just been sacked have been sacked . 
  it 's generally recognized as allowed to return people who are not admitted to either where they entered from or their country of origin . 
  honestly , it 's probably more of a benefit to canada just because the eu economy is so much larger than canada 's . 
  uk , germany , france and italy all have a higher gdp than canada on their own . 
  i think canada gets lumped in with the us a lot so it 's often assumed to be the same sort of economic force as the us when it 's not . 
  i mean , it 's a well-off rich country , but not a superpower . 
  haha ... this argument is literally `` too many words must be dangerous '', 
  i do n't know how you keep on at it . 
  i suppose you know you 'll never beat emotion with fact , but keep on fighting the good fight . 
   why , and , cui bono ? 
  the parliamentarians who get a snapshot of how their negotiators are doing . 
  the formal review happens when the negotiators complete their work . 
  they made a museum for it and gave the old lady a lot of money . 
  that mistake has brought tons of money to borja . 
  i agree with everything you say . 
  but an important addendum to the `` why not just use national courts ? '', 
  question that inevitably comes up . 
  well , because national courts have a different mandate . 
  a local court will interpret the local law and so the treaty does n't have any sort of enforcement mechanism . 
  basically say spain says we will only allow european made machines in a factory . 
  this would follow all local laws but would be a blatant violation of the treaty . 
  so a us based machine company sues in spanish court and the result is ... `` yeah , that 's the law '' . 
  whereas an isds can come in and say that law can not be allowed under the treaty and they can either pay damages , fix the law or do whatever they settle on . 
  ( like how the us pays brazilian cotton farmers because it 's easier than rolling back farm subsidies there ), 
  would you have a parliament that consists of every parliament of every member country plus the ep ? 
  the whole idea is that you lose leverage if you give away your position early . 
  that 's why each country has representatives , appointed by the government put in place by the parliament , to negotiate . 
  the parliament will then have ample time to review and vote on it once they are allowed to have done their work . 
  yeah , i always thought it looked kind of neat with the new concrete , but i do n't get why people are so worked up about it . 
  they did n't want to pay top dollar so they did the best they could with the budget they had . 
  castle towers like this are all over the place in andalusia and most are also in terrible shape so it 's not like this one was particularly special . 
  once you get to a certain level of income to worry about the convenience of food rather than its existence in the first place , it kind of changes . 
  it 's tilt-shift photography . 
  but yeah , most of andorra looks like that . 
  and even andorra la vella feels like a regular sized town . 
   cheap fructose ( corn syrup ) one of the main takeaways of that lecture is that corn syrup is no worse than `` natural '' sucrose, 
  spanish simpsons is best simpsons ( native english speaker , generally hate dubbing ), 
  i write a proposals for projects , so it 's a lot of sitting around and just helping where i can until an opportunity comes in and then it 's full steam ahead and i 'll usually have to leave the office around midnight once or twice during that time . 
  i work in licitations and this would never fly . 
  some days i could work 2 hours . 
  other days i 've left the office at 1am, 
  we require ot as well . 
  but good luck getting hired anywhere else after you get fired for unrelated reasons for claiming more than 40 hours . 
  i will claim if i work saturday/sundays and i do n't trade it for another day , but that 's pretty much it . 
  my job is like that . 
  caveat : i 'm a terrible procrastinator, 
  also worth remembering that the us considers wealth by all citizens , resident or not . 
  so it 's really even less for the us due to everyone that does n't actually live there . 
  yeah , i seem to remember russian economic stuff actually being fairly independent despite everything going on in the political sphere . 
  serious question because i have no idea . 
  do they have a history of padding the numbers like that ? 
    use an income cut-off of a percentage of the median income , for example 50 % ; this is fairly crude but still generally considered to give meaningful results so what about places with good safety nets where someone can have housing/healthcare/food / etc. . . but may have extremely low income ? 
  compared to somewhere where none of that is provided but makes a far larger amount of money to be able to have less . 
  quite simply because the us is the world 's reference economy . 
  300 + million with a high per capita gdp is just something that ca n't really be compared elsewhere . 
  i grew up in the us , went to university there and then emigrated to spain while i did go back to work for a year in chicago . 
  basically , yes i had much more income in the us . 
  but not even talking about non-quantifiable quality of life issues it is just completely ignoring ppp adjustments . 
  housing ( most people 's largest expense ) is easily half of what it was in the us . 
  i know spanish people like to talk about how the country is literally the worst place on earth but pretty much every problem i have seen exist just as much in the us ( well , except for regionalist issues ) it 's just people either do n't understand or think that not being in the news means it does n't exist . 
  and really , in my situation we actually are able to save more money in absolute terms while living a higher quality of life on the much lower spanish salary due to difference in costs and job opportunities . 
  good on food , best on alcohol . 
  hard on tobacco . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  though i imagine part of it is that there is little ingrained heavy drinking culture in spain . 
  getting drunk like a n. european is really just not something people do ( though yeah it happens from time to time ) .
