  i 'm trying to get my certificado de antecedentes from the us government . 
  i started the process in april , i 'm hoping i will actually get it before february . 
  have you ever lived elsewhere , because spain is actually a pretty decent place to live ? 
  government loans in the us generally work similarly though the conditions are a lot less forgiving . 
  but if you do n't make that much money , you wo n't have to pay that much . 
  i believe it 's after 25 years or so that it gets wiped out but the repayment schedule is usually set for 10 so it hardly ever happens . 
  the reddit demographic tends to be in the group that 's either in the process of getting loans or in the initial stages of when it is the hardest . 
  i agree the system could be bettered but i do n't think it 's that bad and having seen what happens with extremely cheap university and having students take 6 or 7 years to complete an undergraduate education and not really worrying about it , it 's probably good for everyone to have people have a financial interest in getting done with school rather than have the government pay to have students faff about . 
  yeah , but that 's a very different statement than saying the max is only 50 % more than the average . 
  that 's just factually incorrect . 
  i understand that may seem inconceivable in your social circle , but i have dealt with belgians that make much more than that . 
  that 's because most of the middle of the country is completely empty and a house costs like 60k $, 
  i have an account with santander spain and i had to pay fees taking out of santander totta in portugal . 
  so yes , fees are definitely a thing . 
  we have fees here as well for not taking out of your bank . 
   the highest salaries here after taxes are max 3000 eur and here are some of the highest salaries in europe . 
  now that 's just incorrect . 
  source : have had to pay belgians much more than that . 
  it 's usually subsidized by the employer but you still have to pay some to have it . 
  i used to have to pay $ 350/month and the first $ 3000 of every year i had to pay for out of my own pocket . 
  here i pay 35 $ / month for private health insurance and the payments are like 4 $ per service or something like that . 
  and i still have the public system if i do n't want the private insurance . 
  same here . 
  but credit cards still are n't anywhere near as common . 
  in fairness , this year madrid will be the city i have lived the longest in my life . 
  i 'm also in the process of getting citizenship . 
  that was total cost , not annualized . 
  # 9k/year * 4 years * 1.54 usd/gbp is about us$ 54k so yes , the average cost is less . 
  i do think the way the english system is financed is pretty fair , though with paying loans only after you hit a reasonable salary . 
  the problem with the us system is that if you run out of government loans and have to go private , they are ruthless in the collection . 
  it 's hard to compare vat with sales tax because of how it is accounted for . 
  you pay sales tax all along the supply chain . 
  so say there is a 6 % tax , well when supplier a buys the raw material , that 's a 6 % tax and then they sell to supplier b that then charges a 6 % tax on top of that and then they sell to the consumer that pays a 6 % tax on top of that . 
  the way the accounting works makes it really difficult to compare . 
  i would say overall prices are pretty comparable though if not way more cheaper here . 
  gasoline is clearly more expensive , but i , personally , only drive enough to usually need to fill up once a month so it 's not like it 's a huge difference in my budget . 
  easily made up for with how much cheaper food is . 
  it might help that i 'm from the us and even studied there . 
  i spent a year working there after a stint in spain ( i 've since moved back ) but i made more money than my debt within a couple years from going to a well known school . 
  ah ... i missed that . 
  and yeah , depending on country that could even be a pretty high salary . 
  it would certainly be more than enough to live pretty decently in spain , even in madrid or barcelona . 
  it 's about what i started at here and was pretty high locally . 
  i came from the us so was pretty shocked about it , but it actually turned out to be plenty of money . 
  eh , i pay about the same here as i did in the us . 
  that was an absolutely insane amount of data for 1998 . 
  i 'm pretty sure i only had a 4gb hard drive at that point . 
  but all the competition for credit cards there means there are some fantastic deals to get airline points . 
  europeans of / r/churning could only dream of such an arrangement . 
  first , it 's probably in $ rather than us$ . 
  also , a lot of europeans tend to discuss salary in monthly net . 
  this is especially true for younger people and people in lower income jobs . 
  think about when people in the us would talk about their hourly versus annual wage . 
  ( though it does tend to be gross in both situations in america ), 
  less than uk student fees . 
  it 's honestly pretty reasonable given us salaries . 
  considering i have been watching it because it 's on iberia 's entertainment system , the expectations were n't that great . 
  it might have been different at home . 
  never claimed it does n't exist . 
  i 'm saying that you ca n't take sub par technique , throw some performance enhancers at it and suddenly have much better sports . 
  doping allows you to have more endurance or power which can both help but do n't make a good player on their own . 
  football is n't a sport that doping is that effective in . 
  there 's too much technique to be good . 
  things like athletics and bicycling are good candidates because it 's more just pure physical power and endurance . 
  i started watching `` ministerio del tiempo '' ( ministry of time ) and i was surprised that it 's actually decent . 
  in spanish at least , the only one that actually makes a separate sound is ' \u00f1 ' . 
  the rest are just there as how to pronounce a word . 
   agreed , but there will still typically be a choice of jurisdiction provision in case the contract breaks down completely and the parties end up having to go to court to settle the dispute ... we tend to stick with binding arbitration that is locally enforceable because our contracts are so international it would just be too much to deal with . 
  if it 's within the eu we tend to use london as the location of the arbitration court , if it 's outside of the eu we tend to use zurich or new york . 
  but yeah , always has to be in a `` neutral '' country that is n't involved in anything else . 
  thankfully none of my stuff has ever come to this point and i hope to avoid having that happen . 
  i think uk leaving would be madness , but overall i think cameron is being pretty reasonable . 
  that 's how modern supply chains work . 
  if i buy a car , i care about where it was put together , i do n't care where the iron ore was mined to make the steel or who supplied a piston or something like that . 
  to add to this point , in many transactions i deal with , it 's not even a `` legal '' system at all . 
  but the rules of the international chamber of commerce . 
  i do n't think people are getting the `` cross-border '' point you 're making . 
  it 's a question about how they handle contract disputes not taxation . 
  and yes , they are pretty decent in that respect . 
  it really is true that the systems based on english common law are better than the systems based on napoleonic law for handling contract disputes . 
  the rules are clearer and there is n't an endless appeals process among other things . 
   law is the emanation of the will of the people . 
  that law can only be applicable on a define territory . 
  do n't confuse civil law and criminal law . 
  in this case `` civil law '' is not being used to define the legal system common on the continent where judges have much more leeway as compared to common law . 
  civil law in this case is basically the way contracts are enforced and due to the nature of the legal systems english law leaves a lot less up to an individual judge 's judgement so is generally preferred . 
   so all it is about is just setting up the office in the country ? 
  it 's more than that . 
  i 'll use spain but say i want to go with ing direct bank . 
  the bank i would get here is not actually a dutch bank , but a spanish bank called ing direct that just happens to be owned by the dutch company ing . 
  but they have to maintain separate management , separate accounts , etc. . for big companies in larger countries this is an additional cost , but not that much more , but for smaller service providers , this sort of arrangement can just mean not operating in a market . 
  it 's also advantageous for smaller countries that may not have enough of a local market to warrant that sort of investment . 
  valls in france made an offhanded comment saying that he 'd accept bar\u00e7a in ligue 1 as he is a huge fan and of catalan origin . 
  people seem to be taking that completely seriously as if it held any authority at all from uefa or any governing body of the sport . 
  not to mention how much it would hurt the other catalan teams to not have bar\u00e7a in the same league and it would be far from being a microstate . 
  this is the same reason junts pel si was formed in the first place . 
  by joining with erc they no longer have to worry about the past of cdc and the name pujol can just be forgotten about in elections . 
  never mind that catalan pharmacies ca n't afford their medicines and the deficit is literally less than a tenth of what they have found so far in accounts controlled by the pujol clan . 
  they want to play in the spanish league . 
  i really doubt rfef would allow that , though .
