  germany is sputtering so inflation will help everyone and concrete problems lose more votes in germany than vague theoretical fears . 
  also it costs way more to live in the uk than spain , so there 's that . 
  nobody is saying they are n't free to break part of the agreement . 
  what is true is countries are n't free to break part of the agreement and then continue enjoying the benefits . 
  the governments are free to not honor their own context and can settle it internally . 
  they are not free to renege on contracts and remain part of a free trade area . 
  other countries freedom to not participate in your system is not oppression . 
  imposing new regulations would never be under this mess . 
  basically going back on contracts ( there is a case in spain about power purchasing agreements for solar power ) also , look at what argentina did with repsolypf . 
  you ca n't have a true free trade agreement and then say one government can just take your shit and do nothing about it . 
  and all the countries are free to do whatever they want , it 's not violating sovereignty . 
  but they are not free to do whatever they want and stay a part of a larger agreement . 
  if they think it 's in their best interest to nationalize a foreign company , they are more than free to do so . 
  do n't go crying saying you are being controlled by foreign forces when other foreign companies do n't want to do business in your country then . 
  it 's like the argentina example of complaining about being controlled by others . 
  nobody is forcing you to go out and borrow money on the bond markets so do n't be pissed when you have to follow their rules . 
  it 's fine not to , you just wo n't get outside financing . 
  the thing is outside financing is a big part of how modern economies work by being able to invest in common action problems for future growth in things like infrastructure . 
  having to follow a certain set of rules to gain access to increased economic opportunities is no more infringing on sovereignty as speed limits are infringing on an ability to move around by car . 
  do n't forget motogp . 
  though a lot of that is the m\u00e1rquez brothers and pedrosa, 
  it does promote radical socializing . 
  [ in fairness i have only lived in europe for 4 years . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/mqdsiwc.png ) i also have trips to amsterdam and oslo in the next 30 days and will also hit helsinki this year thanks to a wonderful finnair layover . 
  hopefully getting a new job that will send me around as well . 
  i hated that level in goldeneye . 
  i always got lost . 
  well all i know about vittsjo is that that 's what my coffee table is named . 
  i appreciate it but i think you will actually see there is no actual argument against inflation . 
  that you presented at least . 
  it 's a purely emotional response that is causing very real pain on the streets around here . 
  that 's why i get so worked up about the thing . 
  we actually agree about the labor reforms and i actually think there are some simple things that would n't affect workers ' rights at all but would make doing business easier . 
  but all of that 's not a response to the inflation issue which is a completely different subject that is often conflated . 
  but that does n't change the fact that we are reforming but it ca n't do much good with a deflationary threat . 
  the single reason there is n't the healthy levels of mild inflation is irrational german fear of inflation . 
  again , it would help germany too . 
  hell probably more than spain . 
  it would be a universally good policy , yet the german public is emotional about an economic crisis that is almost 100 years old at this point . 
  you also had a euro that was close to parity with the dollar in an export market with healthy inflation levels . 
  you ca n't just ignore that part . 
  they are both necessary and , at least here , we are clearly willing to go with reforms . 
  but the monetary policy part is a huge part of that deal . 
  the weirdest part of it to me is an expansionary monetary policy would also be a big help to germany as well . 
  the fear of any inflation is just bizzare and like saying drinking water is dangerous because your grandfater drowned . 
  yes , runaway hyperinflation is terrible . 
  inflation at around 3-4 % is a very healthy thing and keeps money moving around the economy . 
  us has huge monetary transfers between states in the form of public assistance ( social security and medicare ) as well as selectively awaring government contracts and employment locations . 
  all inflation is equivalent to the weimar republik or something . 
  iraq was never that viable as a country as it was basically just set out randomly with the fall of the ottomans without regard to ethnic boundaries . 
  it was held together by secular dictatorship . 
  the us was doing everything to hold it together mostly to save some sort of face after the invasion to be just a wee bit less of the complete fuck-up it was . 
  islamic state is calling everyone 's bluff . 
  since the arab parts of iraq are such a mess and maliki is actively making everything worse , you move to a viable option which means the kurds are in a position to capitalize on it . 
  honestly , all this sort of had to happen in the middle east at some point . 
  the whole fall of the ottomans and the british and french borders were just inherently bad . 
  middle eastern yugoslavia , basically . 
   being islands , geographically they do n't `` belong '' to any continent . 
  the ukip just had their ears perk up . 
  but say the same thing to ceuta and melilla and they get equally as offended about being from the land mass that they are from . 
  i actually convinced one once . 
  using french guyana as the example they finally conceded . 
  iraq has basically lost all hope as a viable state within a matter of days . 
  the political crises before were worse , but there was not the urgency of is hanging over everything either . 
  it 's a really crazy moment when the tactical issues are dictating the grand strategy because right now it 's more important to keep is at bay and dissolving the iraqi state is a perfectly acceptable cost . 
  at the end of the day , we may see an actual , functional , sane middle eastern rentier state which would be radical in iself . 
  right , money talks and bullshit walks as they say . 
  turkey also does n't want to lose its kurdish areas as well . 
  that said , if it happens while erdogan is leading turkey , it will almost definitely stick . 
  just like it had to be nixon that opened china . 
  i 'm just surprised there 's not more kurdistan recognition talk going around in general right now . 
  i would think they would want to get somethin in in time for the un general assembly and that 's barely over a month away . 
  yeah , the west has basically told the kurds to sit in the background for years to a ) placate turkey and b ) try and have them serve as a stabalizing force within the iraqi national government . 
  is has made turkey willing to tolerate a kurdish state and the us is basically leading the west in giving up on iraq as a viable country . 
  do n't be surprised after the immediate military threat is over if iraqi and syrian kurdistan makes a un recognition moved with us backing and turkey abstaining . 
  the rest of iraq will probably split into a shia state that will likely be iran 's puppet and a sunni state that will be loyal to the saudis . 
  james blunt caused the ukranian crisis !, 
  my answer for madrid . 
  the metro/bus system is very effective and is generally very effective when moving within the city . 
  if you are going between various suburbs , it can sometimes be a pain if you do n't want to go into the the central city . 
  my daily commute is usually on a commuter train that is bigger and less frequent than the metro . 
  it is a different system and the regular tickets do n't work between the systems but a transport pass does . 
  i happen to live near one of the main stations , so i do n't have to change lines and just go straight to my job in the suburbs that is only 1km away from the station where i can either walk or take a quick shuttle bus . 
  though i have been cheating a bit in august and taking the car since everyone is on vacation and traffic is so much less . 
  i will also drive if i need to be somewhere at a specific time , run errands at some point , etc. 
  i am a very willing public transport commuter because it is cheaper , less stressful , and takes just as much time with traffic into account . 
  we do own a car and would n't give it up . 
  our apartment comes with a parking space and i suppose it feels easier to pay the opportunity cost of not renting it out rather than paying someone else directly for the space . 
  public and private transport are fundamentally different and serve different purposes . 
  for example , groceries are a car thing just because the supermarket has free parking and it 's so much easier . 
  but generally moving around the city is something i do on transport . 
  i find it is worth it to have a transport card and a car . 
  never mind for going between cities just as a couple or to visit family in small towns . 
  if i am going somewhere without my wife and will be in an urban area , i will usually train/fly as it ends up being cheaper/easier for a single person . 
  the rail systems are electric and buses are diesel , though i 've been on a few hybrids as well . 
  the scheduling is generally pretty good , it 's often enough to not even worry about catching a specific train on the metro or bus , the regional rail has a set timetable and can be a bit annoying if you miss your particular train . 
  the train direct to the airport from my house leaves every 30 minutes . 
  bicycles are around here , but not that common . 
  we do n't really have the necessary bike infrastructure , temperatures can be very hot in the summer , drivers are insane , and the city has a fair number of hills . 
  these all combine to sort of discourage biking .
