  it stops in los angelex . 
  curiously , the direct great circle route actually passes directly over lax by pure coincidence so it does n't add any distance ( not accounting for winds ) . 
  i will say that accepting scotland as a continuing member is very unlikely though . 
  it will almost certainly only be accepted as a new member . 
  so is it just legal issues of operating in different countries or what ? 
   well they would be breaking the free market rules if they did n't . 
  i know i should have read it more , but it depends . 
  if my subscription is with amazon.es as a subsidiary and it 's for benefits placed on amazon.es for orders within spain , that 's not breaking any rules . 
  edit : just found the conditions and yeah , it 's exactly what i thought  recuerda que el uso que hagas del sitio web de amazon.es as\u00ed como de la suscripci\u00f3n a amazon premium , tambi\u00e9n se regir\u00e1n por los acuerdos enumerados m\u00e1s abajo , as\u00ed como por otros t\u00e9rminos , condiciones , limitaciones y requisitos aplicables al sitio web de amazon.es , todos los cuales ( con las modificaciones que sean pertinentes ) se incorporan a estas condiciones generales . 
  translating to basically mean that my agreement is only with amazon.es, 
  i 'd be against that . 
  that 's not how successor states work and if scotland want to be a new country , i 'm happy for them , but they get to do things as a new country . 
  nowhere in the treaties is scotland a signatory and it 'd be pretty radical to consider scotland the successor state of the uk . 
  i should probably figure out if prime gives me free shipping from the other amazons . 
  one thing that is an issue for me is i 've bought stuff from small vendors but to get on amazon.es , they obviously have to translate into spanish . 
  i 'd be fine browsing in english and i think it would be a huge help to lots of small vendors looking for more business . 
  i do n't want to have to look on other websites and figure out shipping and all that , and i do n't trust google translate enough to operate in german or french ( i can deal with amazon.it ... yay similar languages ), 
  the one nuance is that there 's no way spain accepts scotland as an existing member . 
  this is huge because it could mean an obligation to join schengen and the euro ( even if the latter is n't really taken seriously for now ) which would be pretty unpopular measures in scotland . 
  they are exempt now because the uk got the exemptions when drafting the treaty . 
  a hard immigration border on the island of great britain would be a distinct possibility at that point . 
  i wonder if they 'll actually make an amazon.ie . 
  brexit will make it so there 's no english language version in the customs union so it could make sense . 
  but really , i think the ultimate goal should be an amazon.eu that just operates multilingually with distributed warehouses . 
  also , the uk tends to have much higher private retirement savings that count as personal assets compared to a lot of europe . 
   nuts2 usually have slightly above 1m inhabitants . 
  well then the choice for just using the autonomous communities in spain is a really bad one . 
  andalusia , catalonia , and madrid all have over 5m people each . 
   except eastern europe usually carries a negative meaning i mean , to me it just generally is shorthand for `` former communist countries '' and all the problems that brings . 
  it would have been a massive help , same as it is for germany by being a lower value than a currency of uk alone . 
  honest question , what does rolls royce do that 's not aviation ? 
  i thought they were just a jet engine company . 
  pretty much . 
  aside from iraq , i think blair was great . 
  also , you need to take into account margin of error . 
  both brexit and trump were within the errors of the polls . 
  it 's not nearly as exact of a science as people think . 
  i kind of wish they would n't publish results to a tenth of a percent because it gives an idea that it 's a more precise measure than it is . 
  i mean , it 's still probable she wins the first round . 
  it 's just that first is pretty meaningless there as it 's first and second that really matter . 
  i personally think the order of probability of her winning in the second round would be with an opponent of melanchon -  fillon -  hamon -  macron with the last two basically guaranteeing she loses . 
  i mean , typically in the past , you had to choose between liberal economics or liberal social policy and i am just happy that there is a growing movement for both in a single party . 
  also , do n't underestimate the idea of `` the devil you know '' . 
  lots of old people may not like things , but they get how the current system works and do n't like the idea of someone like macron coming in and messing with the traditional alliances because they fear change . 
  i agree , but diesel should be on equal footing taxation wise with petrol . 
  lots of people that do primarily city driving use mostly diesel because it 's cheaper per liter ( and a lot of that is just artificial taxation ) . 
  also , we generally pay less in the annual taxes for diesels even for the municipality of madrid . 
  i am 100 % for making diesels notably more expensive to encourage people to use petrol . 
  there will be cases where diesel still makes sense ( someone like you ) , but for people that just use it to mainly get around the city ( think taxis ) , it should be petrol . 
  oh , you 're one of those people that does n't distinguish between avoiding and evading taxes . 
  i agree the rules should be changed for ireland , but aside from the apple case ( which is still to be resolved ) , they 're playing within the rules so therefore not cheating . 
  it 's looking pretty clear that there 's going to be at the bare minimum a customs border between ireland and the uk . 
  lots of ways to work with that , but it is what it is . 
  in practice they are n't born and educated to lead , they are born and educated to be diplomats and represent their country . 
  quite honestly , it 's the sort of thing where having a professional diplomat as head of state dealing with foreign issues is actually kind of helpful . 
  except it 's reported in percentages, 
  also women do tend to be the ones to prefer jobs that offer more flexibility of time to care for families and men are willing to take jobs with more difficult hours that they can then get more money for . 
  i mean , i support the idea of dads taking a more active role in the family as well and i will try to make it so my wife and i share that responsibility as much as possible if not much more on my side ( my type of job just tends to be more flexible ) . 
  but the trend is for the women to do that and that 's just a sum of individual personal choices . 
  the state should n't mandate how each family distributes their responsibilities . 
  i work with a woman who just straight up says she makes 10k $ less so she can work near where her kids go to school and have a lot more flexibility for her family life ( much reduced travel , fewer hours , etc. . ) so yeah , she gets paid less for the same job because she 's not willing to bring the same level as other people ( including other women ) . 
  it 's a complicated issue and looking at pure compensation rates does n't give the whole picture . 
  caring too much about co2 over other emissions is what got us here in the first place . 
  co2 is an issue but nox and particulate matter is much more of an issue in a congested area and worrying about co2 in that sense is like ignoring a heart attack because you 're worried about cancer . 
  both are bad , but there is a clear priority of what needs to be addressed for public health . 
  personally i 'd say just ban diesels over 20 years as petrol engines are still mostly clean ( but obviously still require inspections ) . 
  i do n't have any hard data but these distributions to tend to follow an 80/20 type rule where 80 percent of pollution ( not co2 , but particulates and nox ) comes from the 20 percent of cars that are the worst performing . 
  fyi euskera is the language . 
  euskadi is the place . 
  i 'm not upset at all . 
  i 'm quite happy for them and i firmly believe in the idea of a rising tide lifts all boats . 
  i was just saying that a lot of the gdp change in ireland is profit recognition from multinationals . 
  i said look at gnp which is also ridiculously positive for irlenad , just not quite the same unbelievable degree . 
  i thought it was mostly for vehicles crossing the border . 
  my experience walking across is basically hold up passport and they look at it from a few meters away and wave you through . 
  the vast majority of the people working are crossing the border on foot so the biggest issue for a delay would be if a plane is coming in to land . 
  i never said the current state was good , i said we are moving in the right direction at a healthy rate . 
  i 'm cautiously optimistic . 
  i think our growth rate is really good to not get too fast to start another bubble . 
   italy and spain with their currently frozen economies we 're far from frozen . 
  spain is still trying to recover from the recession , but we are growing quite healthily . 
  and particularly in terms of productivity which is huge . 
  iirc , ireland 's is hard to tell how much is just accounting adjustments and how much is organic growth . 
  because so many companies are headquartered there , plus aircraft leasing , plus low population , it can be very variable . 
  gnp tends to be a better stat there . 
  what 's up with guyana ? 
  that 's post jonestown , so does n't include that event . 
  and what 's preventing going to trade school ? 
  operation of a modern factory ai n't exactly low skilled , either . 
  why could n't a miner go be a mechanic/plumber/electrician / etc. . . nobody is saying everyone has to learn it . 
  those skills are still very much in demand . 
   which did n't even attempt to retain those jobs in the first place or provide alternatives / adequate safety nets ? 
  because providing protections should be about protecting the workers not protecting the jobs . 
  keeping unsustainable jobs via subsidies or over regulation is far less efficient than just straight up paying people cash with more generous unemployment and social welfare . 
  yeah , some people may never recover and i think there should be some sort of livable ( but certainly nothing like an amazing job ) wage so that they are n't totally lost , but most people will figure something out in that case . 
  i mean , i guess i see some academic value in keeping some knowledge about languages like that , but i guess i ca n't really be that sad if nobody actually wants to speak them in the first place . 
  there 's no reason a dying language is any more valuable than a more widely spoken one . 
  i 'm all for language diversity , but not if the people who actually would `` benefit '' do n't actually want it . 
  maybe ... you might want to get into contact with the spanish consulate and see what they have to say . 
  if you got residency , you would be eligible for fast track citizenship regardless .
