  no ... you actually have to have a proven link to being sephardi , not just the name . 
  i mean , it 's stuff like speaking ladino , official certifications from sephardi organizations , etc. ... then yeah it 's the language and constitutional and general knowledge of spain test . 
  it 's far more strict than just a name ... and that started in 2015 so hardly impactful at this point . 
  it 's like those accounts of when a language only has two speakers left but they refuse to speak to each other because of grudges . 
    i think most mainstream socialists have accepted her economic policies as dogma by now . 
  and only the `` populist socialists '' or communists still oppose them . 
  maybe but her name is still synonymous with satan to the left . 
  i am for third-way economically liberal but socially progressive politics that has n't really broken through as much as it could have in europe . 
  liberal economics has traditionally also been tied to religion and other social causes that i disagree with . 
  seriously , i do n't speak italian but i get by just fine in italy speaking spanish with people . 
  i understand a solid 75 % of italian . 
  it 's not mutually intelligible , but it 's not that far away from it . 
  i certainly understand it way better than portuguese and i 'd say it 's probably pretty close to catalan in how much i can pick up . 
  normally it 's not that bright , but a flare at full blast is an impressive sight . 
  i think it 's kind of like the us where people generally exercise a lot or are completely lazy with little in between . 
  this is because your country is flat . 
  madrid has quite a lot of hills so unless you have an electric assist ( the public sharing program does ) , you get tired very fast at least one way . 
  huh , i wonder why we 're so much better than our usual equivalent group ( portugal , italy , greece ) i 'm doing my part by not exercising . 
  seriously , banning them was the best thing they could have hoped for . 
  `` eu citizen '' is completely meaningless outside of dealing with other eu countries . 
  the eu is n't a state and foreign policy is explicitly devolved . 
  well , vat fraud is n't the same thing as illegal employment . 
  i think once employment gets good enough more people will insist on working with contracts and that will help , too . 
  honestly , a huge problem is benefits fraud though . 
  lots of people like to work illegally so they can work a short time legally and then get unemployment and wages at the same . 
   ( the terrorism stuff , if i ever took part in anything that had to do with child soldiers etc ) fyi , they ask those so if they find something out about you , you are guilty of lying of a visa application , which is a much easier crime to prosecute . 
  especially since it 's perfectly legal in the us to promote al qaeda or isis just so long as you are not specifically calling for imminent violence . 
  so how is greek corruption the eu 's fault ? 
  it does n't have to be the same 5 % . 
  ideally it 's a rotating among people who are out of work at the moment . 
  people living off benefits for many years are , indeed , a big cost to society . 
  ( not saying they should n't have it , but you have to recognize the costs ), 
   and how are they going to pay back their debt with the then compeletely deflated currency ? 
  they do n't ... that 's the whole idea of a default . 
  that said ... good luck running a primary account surplus on a rapidly inflating currency because nobody would lend to greece for deficit spending for a long time if they went down that path . 
  ( and they 'd still be subject to repay those bonds eventually ), 
  but we do n't create nearly as much value with those hours . 
  we measure productivity in euros and other countries are able to produce more in fewer hours worked . 
  so the goal should be increasing efficiency . 
  what you are talking about is more the employment rate rather than the unemployment rate . 
  they are both useful and obviously linked , but they tell different stories . 
  i mean , it 'd be ridiculous to count a parent staying home with their children who does n't want to work as unemployed . 
  what about someone who is independently wealthy and living off of investments ? 
  both of those affect the employment rate , but should be completely excluded from unemployment . 
  it 's the whole idea of active population . 
  ( yes , i 'm agreeing with you , just elaborating more ), 
  soon we 'll be on the trend line !, 
  honestly , it 's hard to compare because there have been lots of efforts to get people to be working legally , but there is still quite a bit of a cash economy . 
  it 's still standard , especially in things like home repair , for them to ask you `` do you want that with or without vat ? '' . 
  so , it depends how effective the evasion measures have been basically for where it should be in good times and we still do n't really know . 
  well if you want separate foreign policies , expect differing visa regimes . 
  it 's a natural consequence . 
  i think it 's because there is such a large polish community to help new immigrants in chicago . 
  there 's a tv channel in polish and polish newspapers and everything there . 
   there 's no immigration / passport / border control check of any kind when you fly from one shengen airport to another . 
  just to be extremely picky . 
  it 's entirely possible for there to be customs controls ( they are just pretty invisible ) on intra-schengen flights . 
  even domestic flights within spain can have customs controls as canary islands are outside of the vat area . 
  but norway , switzerland and iceland are not part of the european customs union . 
  americans often conflate immigration and customs since it always happens at the same time there , but obviously in europe there are plenty of examples of one or the other . 
  just like how you go through customs at your final destination , even for an intra-schengen connection . 
  i 've never been questioned at schengen control ( granted i have a residence card ) but i get a ton of questions from uk border force when i go there . 
  uk and canada are probably the strictest borders i 've dealt with ( i was detained once at us , but it was a legitimate misunderstanding and quickly worked out ) . 
  this is all on a us passport that said , if i do n't have my residence card out right away for schengen , they start to flip rapidly through the passport trying to figure out stamps and stays , especially hard since they do n't always stamp residents . 
  in fairness , the us also has massive interests in asia that are of no concern to nato . 
  also the middle east really is n't a big deal for a defensive alliance but that at least matters a lot more to nato members . 
  also , non-eu citizens are n't treated equally within the eu . 
  i have no right of free movement , for example . 
  i like the spirit of the measure but a united foreign policy has been roundly rejected as part of the eu . 
  that 's still a member state thing so i do n't think it 's as clear cut as people want it to be . 
  yeah , i think the only times i 've ever had sangr\u00eda among spanish people is in town festivals when it 's literally served out of a barrel with a ladle . 
  that 's not meant to be good . 
   jewish attorneys working on behalf of the aclu defended the rights of neo-nazis to march in illinois i hate illinois nazis !, 
  exactly , the stance is that a50 triggers negotiations . 
  the idea of planning negotiations to start negotiations is ridiculous . 
  until a50 is triggered , there is legally no difference as before so there is nothing to negotiate . 
  i agree that would be horrid . 
  but i do n't think it should be illegal, 
  i mean , there 's no right to not have your feelings hurt , and i would be out to protest against any law that tries to protect people 's feelings like that . 
  i mean , i agree psychological abuse exists , but i think it 's a huge stretch to say a terrible message on a bus is personally abusive to anyone . 
   and they apparently subscribe to the buzzfeed school of marketing well , the marketing is certainly working . 
  they are reaching a far bigger audience than they would have otherwise . 
  i do n't see how anyone 's rights are being violated by a message on a bus . 
  i agree it 's very good that the vast majority of people disagree with this . 
  i get they are horrible , but they are by no means advocating for violence . 
  i would say that falls under inciting violence which would violate rights of others . 
   just the reduction of company tax is neoliberal and not something i agree with . 
  honestly , this is something i agreed with until i really started to learn more about how businesses work from the inside . 
  basically , consumers will always pay for the taxes imposed on companies because it 's just a cost and their whole point is to make money . 
  now charging a tax on profits is just an inefficient way to go about things and puts incentives for trying to make profits appear lower , seek to add deductions , etc. . . in the tax code and make it so crazy accounting becomes a much more reasonable thing to do . 
  that 's why i think all business taxes should just be taxed with a vat and be done with it to help reduce market distortion and make `` having a more expensive lawyer '' less of a competitive advantage . 
  it makes tax collection more efficient and does n't fuck with the natural equilibrium of the market as much . 
  now , it 's perfectly reasonable to make different vat categories if you want to favor certain industries ( lower vat on food or arts , for example ) but that 's a lot better than just trying to carve out a million exceptions to a corporations tax that then get used as loopholes . 
  consumers will pay the tax whether it 's included in the price from the company as part of their costs or billed directly as vat . 
  for the us , if you have n't read the early life section of jason chaffetz 's wiki page , you really should . 
  he 's like an adopted dynasty son . 
  i mean , it could legitimately be a hormonal issue . 
  and even if not , you do n't have to be healthy to understand health policy . 
  they 're not even close to being the same thing . 
  i mean , that 's like saying the best way to find who should administer a hospital is pick someone at random from a group running a marathon .
