  i am from the us . 
  i grew up a bears fan . 
  very few people that grew up here actually understand the game . 
  it 's basically just random leftist idealistic posts with random contrarian stuff thrown in there just to be contrarian and filled with plenty of righteous indignation . 
  i mean , when i saw that the cup literally got their members together in an auditorium to vote on mas presidency and then basically said they might not care anyway . 
  the situation over there is such a complete mess , it seems new elections are really needed . 
  i 'm not saying it 's okay . 
  i 'm saying it certainly different than a bomber actively flying combat sorties wandering into uncontested airspace . 
  personally , i do think it would make a huge difference if there were a dispute over that stretch of land . 
  but there 's not so it 's stupid to compare the two situations . 
  i think turkey is petty and stupid in the agean and i also think they were right to shoot down the russian plane . 
  they are n't exclusive opinions and trying to bring stupid false equivalencies between the generations old disputes that everyone knows are just posturing and the shit going on on the syrian border is what i take issue with . 
  nobody really wants to do anything since we have a general election in 18 days . 
  me too ... and now with all the turrones and cocidos , i wo n't be doing better for awhile . 
  this step was expected and the big question is ... what now ? 
  the political scene in catalonia is more of a mess than ever . 
  i 'm also convinced that the cup is what would happen if / r/politics were an actual political party . 
  i 'm not saying i agree , i am saying i think everyone is trying to draw equivalencies for the russian plane when turkey flying over territory that it considers turkish is pretty different and is generally the norm of how territorial disputes work . 
  hell , it 's the same reason why the us navy has an aircraft carrier parked in the s. china sea right now . 
  does turkey recognize those islands as greek or turkish ? 
  a fairly important fact in all of this . 
  yeah , lots of people that barely have a visible belly are `` overweight '' . 
  especially in the more n. european countries where it 's normal to just have a wider build . 
  `` i know spain just as well as people in spain . 
  how well do you know your country ? '', 
  take that spain !, 
  they even had a podium for him , and most of the times they mentioned pp or rajoy , they made sure to show the empty spot . 
  it was glaringly obvious . 
  the article mentioned that he was on a tv broadcast at the same time , but it failed to mention that he made a comment along the lines of not having time for all of that . 
  those two fact combined seem to be really galling . 
  honestly , he could have just done nothing and said he was busy with the commitments in paris that day ( which was true , but he made it back in time for the tv broadcast anyway ) . 
  as a us citizen , the fact that polish citizens do n't have vwp is infuriating . 
  honestly , schengen is a common border and nobody in the us cares all that much and if they were to just threaten to not give visa-free access to schengen until all schengen states were allowed in visa-free , it would happen instantly . 
  mostly because most people that take biggest advantage of visa-free to europe tend to be much wealthier americans . 
   but it does not mean the person is employed it does n't mean they are in the labor market either . 
  the students not being counted thing is pretty standard around the globe . 
  but this is / r/europe and a thread about eu nations being sued by foreign companies . 
  afaik companies are not citizens in europe and they should n't be . 
  coporate personhood is an important concept that people seem to refuse to look past the name of . 
  the reason a company can sue is the same reason it can be sued . 
  it has nothing to do with conferring fundamental rights of an individual . 
   actually , it 's not our job to prevent people going out . 
  schengen has exit controls , so yeah ... it kind of is . 
  bilingualism is increasing massively in spain . 
  in friendly settings : woman with anyone is two kisses on the cheek . 
  man to another man is generally a handshake . 
  with family sometimes the two kisses is normal between men , too . 
  in business settings : here 's where things get complicated . 
  with men it 's always the handshake and say you are meeting an new client and it 's a woman then it will always be a handshake . 
  the tricky part is afterward if there should be the two kisses or not . 
  it can be useful to signal that you are friendly and not adversarial but it can also be too friendly for the environment . 
  generally with your own coworkers it will have kisses and with other generally not , but that one is a minefield . 
   these people most likely already have english competency this is spain you 're talking about . 
  i would n't take that as a given . 
  and yes , even for people going into stem fields , not speaking english is surprisingly common . 
  but that said , it 's not an either or argument and it 's perfectly possible to better both english education and allow more education in the regional languages . 
  why would the biggest country in nato with the most military capacity by far be involved in a nato military issue ? 
  what is `` industry '' in this case ? 
  does it include state oil companies ? 
  because that seems like a pretty biased skew in that case . 
  especially considering just how much capex is coming out of koc/aramco/gcc countries in general . 
  at the moment yes . 
  but they are trying to get the best return on their money and currently renewables just are n't economical in many situations . 
  plenty of companies have heavy investments in wind , for example which generally is profitable . 
  see iberdrola for a local company here for a big example of that . 
  well , i was more referring to the entire power structure of the ecb . 
  thank god there 's an italian in charge though . 
  i do say that the crippling fear of inflation from germany/netherlands at the expense of so many other countries is probably the single biggest issue with the eurozone . 
  the crazy thing is it would help them the most . 
   climate change is way more important than ttip , and undoubtedly the fossil fuels industry is a major player in poisoning the public debate about it with misinformation in line with their business interests , i deal with the industry a lot and i do n't even agree with this . 
  oil companies these days just see oil as part of their current portfolio but very few companies even see themselves as `` oil '' companies but rather as `` energy '' companies and want to be fully involved in whatever the future brings . 
  the biggest issue people seem to have is companies absolutely will fight against being hobbled in europe while sinopec , rosneft , aramco , nioc , etc. . . can just go do whatever the hell they want while funding their respective state directly . 
  i have said it so many times but it 's so clear that for all the arguments about fiscal policy , the real fix has been monetary policy and the ecb is just completely unwilling to do what is necessary because it 's still a massive amount of liquidity that needs to be injected . 
  at least they 've started , but the scale is nowhere near what is needed . 
  fun , completely irrelevant fact . 
  ( this is from memory so forgive me if i 'm wrong ) there are currently two elected monarchs in the world . 
  one is the pope and the other is the president of france who also serves as a co-prince of andorra . 
  the latter also has the distinction of not being elected by the people he `` rules '' . 
  turkey taking away visa-free status for russians would annoy the hell out of them . 
  but it would be stupid because they 'd lose way more money than it 's worth . 
  is n't that a reference to the iraq war and the `` you forgot poland '' line ? 
  though i suppose that was 11 years ago so pretty ancient history by today 's standards . 
  i think he will because it gives him the power to take down a government whenever he wants and also at least gets rid of rajoy . 
  i am fully expecting elections around a year from now as well . 
  this is going to be terribly unstable no matter what happens . 
  if c 's goes with pp , they 'll have to break the coalition relatively early to make a point that they are n't just pp light because rivera has mentioned how much he sees clegg as a cautionary tale . 
  c 's will absolutely not have a pact with pp . 
  if there is no other option , they may allow a pp government without a full pact only to call new elections relatively soon . 
  rivera has said specifically that he sees nick clegg and the lib dems in the uk as a cautionary tale . 
  he wants nothing more than to be less associated from the pp to have their party have long-term survival prospects . 
  honestly , psoe is a lot more liberal that people seem to give them credit for , too so it could work well . 
  i say this as someone who is pretty much c 's primary voting demographic , but do n't underestimate how much a lot of the less socially conservative liberals really hate rajoy and his incompetence as well . 
  and also , that would make the leaders really , ridiculously good looking . 
  i 'm very much not a podemos voter but the vast majority of people in spain have no idea about any of that . 
  greece stopped making the news awhile ago . 
  i bet awhile ago that it 'd be psoe/c 's coalition enabled by an abstention by podemos ( and maybe a few more ) . 
  i 'll stick with that . 
  so that explains my constipation . 
  no because the reason student loans are at a reasonable rate is that there are guarantees about not being able to discharge through bankruptcy . 
  this does n't apply to foreigners .
