  why is it more important to be able to clear locally now that we have instant connections to anywhere in the world ? 
  why is it such a big deal when you can just send a request and have the payment cleared on a server in the eu and have it done within a few seconds ? 
  i am honestly interested in the technical side of banking . 
   you can have that instantly with no objection from anyone . 
  you can even be part of the customs union like turkey to simplify border checks and paperwork making exporting/importing goods almost as easy as it is now . 
  this has already been ruled as impossible as it would still be up to the eu to set external tariffs and basically eliminate the possibility of unilateral trade deals . 
  not enforcing a rule is not inherently a problem with the rule itself . 
   making taxpayers pay for his lunatic is not right . 
  who said anything about making taxpayers pay ? 
  the church can do it with their own money . 
  i mean , it was started toward the end of franco 's regime and so it really was n't an issue as it was just a guy starting something , but even then they 'd have figured something out as it 's a catholic thing . 
  then the transition happened and there was a lot more important stuff to worry about , and by that point it was already well underway . 
  but really , at this point , i hope they let him just live out the rest of his life with his project and , after he dies , send actual building inspectors and engineers there to make sure it wo n't kill anyone and then finish it . 
  the issue with sagrada familia is that the masonry work was insane for the time . 
  now they are using cnc machines to lower the cost and make the work faster and cheaper , but the idea of those machines would have been unthinkable when it was started . 
  there was also a little war in the middle and some funding issues . 
  it 's planned on being completed in the next 10 years and if you go every few years , you can really notice the rate of improvement . 
  afaik , the interior is completed and has no more scaffolding . 
  i do n't have twitter at work , but clarkson definitely commented about that on his . 
  it 's true that we just pretend to understand what they 're talking about in andaluc\u00eda , at least . 
  i do n't think they 've caught on to our ruse , yet . 
  but we really do n't understand you . 
  well ... galicians do . 
  it 's that you understand us , and we just thing you 're having a stroke when speaking . 
  i 've already passed everything , now is just the bureaucratic part that takes around 18 months . 
  there is something that would drastically help greece and that 's currency devaluation . 
  that wo n't happen as even trying to promote the mandated inflation rate is met with criticism . 
  the spanish test is that you must have an a2 level . 
  frankly if you 've lived here long enough for citizenship and ca n't pass that level , then you really should n't be getting passport . 
  you also have to pass a test on constitutional knowledge and general knowledge of spain . 
  but passing is a 15/25 and if you live here and actually pay attention to life and how things work , then it should be ridiculously easy . 
  source : pending application for spanish citizenship . 
  how many brits in germany live in the uk ? 
  that seems quite difficult . 
  they do have to pay spanish vat . 
  but being able to provide service to other countries is a fundamental principle of the eu . 
  even at the low end , that 's amazingly good for europe at the moment . 
  i 'm assuming the other stuff you buy has n't gotten much more expensive though ? 
  so you can buy more gadgets , a nicer car , other goods with what is left over . 
  that 's usually a lagging indicator . 
  the truth is probably somewhere in the middle . 
  but even at 4.5 % , that 's amazing growth in this global climate . 
  good for \u00c9ire, 
  eh , espa\u00f1a and spain are pretty close when you realize that spanish adds the ` e ' for any word starting with 's + other consonant ', 
  errr ... yeah ... switch that . 
  yeah , it 's a fucking massive problem we 're trying to solve . 
  the problem is spain is going through a massive employment crisis . 
  things are getting better , but we lowered public debt massively during the boom , but now that we need to deficit spend , it 's suddenly terrible . 
  the lesson being taught is do n't lower your debt load unnecessarily because you wo n't be allowed to borrow when you need it anyway . 
  i 'm pretty right wing with respect to economics but it 's ridiculous to not allow deficits in extraordinary circumstances when borrowing costs are extremely low and we have a very fragile economic recovery . 
   bexit has also hurt the euro , albeit not as much . 
  i 've been using 1.1 euro per dollar at work for a long time to estimate . 
  i do n't know if they have the reserves necessary to maintain a peg . 
  yeah , we had a very similar system . 
  one of the good things about the banking crisis here was that it gave a reason to fix a system that would have been completely impossible otherwise . 
  has your banking system been fixed ? 
  i think that 's one of the good things to come out of the spanish crisis . 
  the former small local banks , that were mostly political and controlled a lot of local financing , were made illegal and now banking is strictly private . 
  also , the structural funding of the us government is much more redistributive to poorer areas . 
  not just things like helping with health care , unemployment , social security but also why there are so many military bases across the south to help the economy ( and distribute votes ) . 
  federal infrastructure and education money is another big deal . 
  nothing in the eu budgets even comes close . 
  considering population growth is 0.5 % and trending down , 1 % total growth is still a real increase in per-capita growth . 
  well , they can be at the table , but nobody will listen or take whatever they say into account because they 'll be gone by the time anything ever gets voted on . 
  i would also say , that with the uk now out of the talks , any existing leaks are pretty meaningless . 
  there 's going to have to be a lot to be renegotiated . 
  it wo n't start from zero , but the point about it being just a draft is even more true now . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/08/opinion/sunday/rushing-for-the-arctics-riches.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 also , as the ice melts , controlling the northwest passage is a pretty big deal . 
  how seriously do people take the magazine though . 
  i have n't seen that answered in the comments . 
  every country has crazy people and they have the right to speak and publish , but if the population does n't care , it 's irrelevant . 
  yeah , that 's one thing i think trudeau should really get on . 
  canada has been really slow to establish its arctic presence militarily and it 's about to be the front line of a lot of nato shit . 
  meanwhile , russia has the murmansk based well established and is in a perfect position to dominate the arctic with its navy . 
  frankly , the us is pretty damned far behind in that respect , too and really needs a naval base on the northern coast of alaska . 
  seems like norway is honestly the most prepared in nato . 
  well , it was obviously a joke , but greek spending is absolutely so high because of turkey . 
   people do n't know about ttip . 
  that 's because ttip is n't a thing yet . 
  it 's going to have to get massively renegotiated anyway since uk is out now . 
  do n't let the reddit bias cloud ttip opinion . 
  i 'd say there 's a pretty clear majority that 's for free trade with the us . 
  see how liberal parties pretty consistently win in europe . 
  syria is just a clusterfuck , and even if we end up sending troops , it 's incomparable to iraq . 
  it 's an active warzone that hosts a group that has repeatedly attacked european targets compared to iraq which was just a shitty country that was n't doing much of anything to anyone and actually helping the fragile stability in the middle east . 
  why would europe give a shit about pacific free trade ? 
  and france was trying to push the us to take out assad . 
  the single biggest issue where a us president can act unilaterally is foreign policy . 
  nobody in europe would give a shit about hillary . 
  it would just kind of be america as usual . 
  yeah he had a day of touring around sevilla planned but that 's a terrible image with the shit back home . 
  political meetings are more reasonable . 
  they are running to lead the tories who have an absolute majority and can force a closed ranks vote on the matter . 
  it will go through parliament , but it 's mostly a meaningless debate . 
  look at the difference between portugal and spain in english knowledge . 
  it 's really nothing to do with quality of instruction , but just that spain dubs and portugal subtitles . 
  yeah people traveling for short term work is extremely common . 
  like basically all international business trips . 
  i have to go do work in the us , argentina , and maybe mexico in the next few months . 
  only insomuch as you have to roll over the bonds .
