  i think they just need to take their time to work through , we are on a pretty good trajectory , though . 
  still a lot of work to do but at the point government allowing the private sector to work is probably the best thing to happen . 
  i would n't be surprised if we go for a long time with no government but the deficit figures start to get better just from economic activity . 
  usa recognizes it . 
  this is pretty much purely good news . 
  i think i 'm the only one convinced that the political situation is what is actually providing stability rather than taking away from it . 
  after decades of back and forth rule , now for anything serious to happen , there has to be a pretty wide consensus to move forward so not having a real government is actually an advantage to stability . 
  a huge amount of the support for entrepreneurs comes from local and autonomous governments anyway . 
  i 'm finding that the educated/uneducated gap is growing . 
  it 's like two different worlds . 
  also ... `` weak '' does n't mean `` bad '' in currencies . 
  i sell things abroad , i would love a weaker euro . 
  the amount germany makes in exports by having the euro be artificially undervalued is hard to be overstated . 
  also , a lot of the money that the ez re-loaned to greece was just to get immediately repaid mostly right back to ez banks . 
  it 's basically a back door way to bail out the local banks . 
   a lot of americans still view government-run healthcare as socialism even within europe there are huge variations on what government-run means . 
  is it that the doctors are actually employees of the government or just that the government makes sure everyone has coverage to pay a private doctor with no/minimal out of pocket payment ? 
  but government spending is not government production . 
  how much of that spending is actually directly going to the government providing a service rather than contracting out to a private service . 
  medicare is a huge portion of the us budget and is just the government paying private doctors , hardly a socialist system . 
  social security is just straight cash transfers . 
  again , that money ends up in the hands of private producers . 
  defense budgets give huge amounts of money to lockheed/northrup/rockwell / etc. . . 
  it 's really obvious you 're coming from a us centric perspective so i might be able to help a lot here , since i grew up there . 
  first off , you have to figure out what you mean by `` socialism '' . 
  if it 's just government spending , then yes europe is much higher . 
  but if it 's government controlling operations of the economy , it 's a lot murkier . 
  keep in mind , i 'm going to be painting with a very broad brush here and there are exceptions to everything . 
  for example , say you want to build a highway in the us . 
  well the government will build it with the help of some subcontractors but will be the people managing the project , operation and maintenance . 
  in europe , that highway would basically be entirely subcontracted out and then the maintenance and operation would also be subcontracted out . 
  in general europe is incredibly capitalist . 
  if you want to get into why the euro area specifically ( not this is not the european union ) is having big issues , a lot of it is actually rooted in right wing monetary policy that is incredibly afraid of inflation . 
  the us and uk were incredibly expansionist in their qe programs ( note that it is n't `` printing money '' as the press often portrays it but just moving future liquidity to the present ) while the ecb sat on their thumbs regarding the issue for 7 fucking years and now are finally starting to actually get more money out there to make it easier to get credit . 
  well this gif is just mxp during the overnight hours . 
  pretty much none of those flights are scheduled . 
   and often , the shortest route is not the cheapest see the flight path of flights from europe to se asia that can effectively avoid china . 
  well , there were more seats . 
  of those planes , both of the wamos 747s were used . 
  several iberia and air europa widebodies and some privelege style 330s that i still do n't know where they got them from . 
  military around here will turn on ads-b when they 're in crowded areas like madrid . 
  yeah , but you ca n't do it while looking like a freshly cooked lobster in brighton . 
  solution . 
  all tourists will be given a paper and the one that gets the paper with the dot will be placed ceremonially in front of the botafumeiro . 
  that ought to put a bit of fear of god into them . 
  yeah , but iirc it was to zaragoza and valencia and somewhere in castilla . 
  i may be wrong with those but i am sure that it was n't madrid or barcelona . 
  not a single refugee has gone to barcelona or madrid . 
  i do n't know who exactly they 're trying to welcome with the sign that 's been up on the madrid council building for more than a year . 
   mostly lower class northern europeans who think it is ok to binge drink , yell and puke at every street corner . 
  while that 's certainly an issue in spain , that 's not generally the type you get in santiago . 
  the most legitimate issue i have heard is the problem with airbnbs attracting rowdy tourists to barcelona who just want to drink and party but are in residential buildings . 
  i would say the solution is proper zoning and licensing rather than just not giving any more licenses in general . 
  this has been said time and time again . 
  first for farm equipment mechanization . 
  and it 's not like manufacturing automation is something new . 
  it 's been a slow march that 's been going on for at least 75 years . 
  it 's got all of the big wine producers . 
  how far south do you think spain is ? 
  spanish test can be found [ here ] ( http://www.pruebaccse.com/test-gratuito/ ) ( you do n't need to verify the email but you have to enter an email address ) note that there are 250 possible questions and you get 25 . 
  i have no idea if this one is random or not . 
  i did the real one earlier this year . 
  i 'm shocked at how many people do n't know who gilbert and sullivan were . 
  i bet everyone knows the tune of `` modern major general '', 
  my impression is that communism is n't so much an economic ideal as it is soviet era nostalgia . 
  man , that 's a big hit , especially considering the quality of those jobs has a huge multiplier effect . 
  to me the headline number does n't sound that terrible but then i remember that the population of finland is less than just the madrid area . 
  it 's pretty interchangeable in european english . 
  mostly because the whole idea of full carpeting is really uncommon over here . 
  it feels like a distinctly american thing . 
  yeah , the being very accepting thing is part of why i am so happy in madrid . 
  i end up in the most rural parts of castilla and everyone still accepts me as a local . 
  i think the catalan example is good too as there is so much emotion about being catalan and spanish or if it has to be catalan or spanish . 
  i feel much more at home in spain than in the us since i 've lived her pretty much my entire adult life . 
  sometimes people see me ( i have very typical n. european features ) and will try to say something in english but when i start speaking spanish i 'm instantly accepted . 
  within a year i will legally be spanish and i really feel like it here . 
  unfortunately you 're wrong . 
  i bet you do n't eat onions in your tortilla , either . 
  i love how clearly you can see the mountains in central spain . 
  understood . 
  i did some poking around ( because i should be working and i 'm procrastinating ) and through some google-fu found this article http://www.campaignlive.co.uk/article/1193681/ryanairs-michael-oleary-short-committing-murder-bad-publicity-sells-seats that 's probably as close as you can get to an official statement coming from a company source . 
  iirc , it was some article from a long time back but i always took that away as one of the really interesting issues of marking and a real interesting twist on `` no bad press '' . 
  basically , they make your experience shitty , so you go on and on about it , but the story invariable ends with `` but it was cheap so there 's that '' and so people associate them with that and they strived to `` feel '' cheap so people would associate them with low costs as well . 
  think about it , it costs just as much money to make the cabin a color other than shitty-puke-yellow , but they did that so it felt like it was a put together like a lego set while ensuring they maintained a very good safety record knowing that they never want that association . 
  now that there is serious competition on the low cost side , they are making their interiors nicer , giving those business fares that are fantastic ( and still just as much as a legacy ) , not going down the line with the sizer-box-from-hell . 
  but everyone knows ryanair = low cost now , they do n't need to market that aspect . 
  the difference is really noticeable . 
  but yeah , the real basic lesson of marketing in b2c environments , you do n't sell products by appealing to the product , you appeal to emotion . 
  ryanair has completely changed moving around europe . 
  while if it was n't for them , it probably would have been someone else , they were indeed the pioneers and because of ryanair , there is also easyjet , wizz , vueling , transavia ( though they somehow manage to be woefully unprofitable ) , norwegian , etc. . . and they have also forced the legacy carriers to compete on price . 
  also , the miserable customer service thing has changed . 
  it used to be intentionally bad as a marketing ploy so everyone associated them with `` cheap '' but the competition is too heavy now so they actually offer decent service . 
  iirc that 's for voting at the consulate . 
  voting by post deadline is already past . 
  that said , i 'm not british so i just go by what i see in the press . 
  yeah , now that there 's been like 2 generations of people that have had adequate amounts of nutrition their whole life , average height is going way up . 
  old people tend to be short because they had to live through the post-war in their developmental phase . 
  plenty of stories of people having to feed pigs their own shit just so they could survive to slaughter and stuff . 
  the comment got removed , but yeah ... you managed to miss the second sentence in a two sentence post . 
  spain generally agrees with the uk on the issue , but uses the name malvinas because that 's what they 're called .
