  also , the plane is n't a constant either . 
  you ca n't just say it 's better for a more efficient car and then ignore the aircraft 's efficiency . 
  a 787 consumes significantly less fuel than an a340 for example . 
  it works for sending emails so long as they do n't have attachments . 
   personally i try to avoid norwegian . 
  the seats are smaller than those from sas and the service from sas is imho better i love flying norwegian in europe for work . 
  free wifi and the tickets my travel agency gets are generally their business tickets which let me reserve row 1 . 
  i would love to have readily available decent mexican food . 
  actually it 's generally more expensive to fly to europe from the us . 
  it costs less to do the eastbound segment , that 's true but the amount of people buying one way tickets is pretty minimal so both groups will have to do one eastbound and one westbound . 
  the price is down to market dynamics and people in n. america are simply willing to pay more to go to europe than people in europe are willing to pay to go to n. america, 
   almost no refugee is actually that desperate to `` live in peace '' in fairness , i would say the vast majority are . 
  but those people are in turkey or jordan . 
  was n't it mostly dutch engineering that handles the works in venice . 
  in spain for awhile it was basically like `` look at the crazy shit this guy said '' . 
  have n't heard about him in a while though . 
  most people here do n't really understand the whole 14 month campaign thing and think that is far more ridiculous than any candidate . 
  american that married a spaniard here . 
  it 's totally true . 
  i feel more a part of my married family than my own . 
  not to say there 's not plenty of cases of estrangement and all that but i would say the social culture is just generally less guarded . 
  so you are very close with the people you like which makes being cold with the people you do n't even harsher . 
  so yeah , part of that original statement is true but i doubt the actual ratio of people liking or not liking family members is much different . 
  things that are fairly common in spain ( well some more than others ) * octopus is very common in general * pig feet ( usually eaten in stew ) * pig snout ( also eaten in stew ) * callos ( pieces of intestines ) * chipirones ( basically mini squids that you eat fried and whole ) * morcilla ( blood sausage ) * gulas ( basically mini eels that you saute\u00e9 ) personally i do n't like the pigs feet and snout but that 's just because it has a very gelatinous texture that i do n't find appealing , the taste is pretty neutral and basically tastes like whatever you cook it in . 
  i guess i deal with a lot of italians for work so i 'm used to the weird syntax . 
  i think you guys are far too harsh on what is `` poor '' english . 
  everyone seems to be on their own guys . 
  as a native english speaker , we just care that we can basically understand . 
  most of us do n't even get all the grammar and spelling right half the time so do n't worry about it . 
  i honestly did n't have a problem understanding him if i got rid of the subtitles making fun of it . 
  ( i 'm a native us english speaker and not a native spanish speaker so it 's clear ), 
  fair enough , though that does n't mean it has anything to do with schengen . 
  schengen has nothing to do with the customs union , which is an eu thing . 
  a lot of legal stuff in ireland is kind of kludge to avoid making definitive statements that cause trouble . 
  ireland is technically not recognized as foreign in the uk . 
  this is established in the ireland act which is the same act that recognizes the sovereignty of ireland . 
   if the uk leaves the eu there have to be border controls because the eu and the uk are no longer a customs unions . 
  there are plenty of schengen members that are not part of the customs union . 
  norway , switzerland , iceland , even the canary islands are excluded . 
  how would it be in any way in russia 's interest to promote islamism not far from caucasus ? 
  i do n't like putin , but russia has a lot of islamism problems as well so they may actually be fighting more or less the same fight as the west on this particular issue . 
  yeah , i personally like the idea of giving everyone a fully funded insurance so they wo n't have to pay ( or very minimal ) and then let all medical practice be private . 
  it 's basically how pharmacies work here ( well , medicines are n't free but heavily subsidized ) but basically mention private sector and health in the same sentence here and you are literally franco . 
  personally i make about 40 % less money than i did when i lived in the us , but the cost of living is so much less it works out to me having about the same amount of disposable income , and that 's with me living in madrid , if you have a good job making 40-50k $ in the countryside ( it 's a lot here but not impossible ) , then you are doing very well for yourself . 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  if it was manufactured in the last few years ... maybe, 
  the production quality is surprisingly good . 
  the additional downside is that the central bank will not be acting in any official capacity for you . 
  they will not be a lender of last resort if you are not officially part of the currency union . 
  this means that if there is a bank run , like in greece , they will not provide extra liquidity . 
  do you have a 4 cylinder diesel engine ? 
  they said they shorted . 
  that 's betting it goes down . 
  these are the exact same motors as before . 
  vw manufactures the motors and then sends them to skoda , seat and audi to be installed as they are part of the vw group . 
  i agree , and i love using it . 
  i live right next to atocha so if i have an ave trip for work , i often spend less time away from home than if i were to go to my home office . 
  but the total system cost/benefit is moot , you just have to do the cost benefit of finishing it now which , while i do n't have number , just seems very worth it . 
  granted it 's the most expensive part through mountains that 's left . 
   they had to close a branch in northern galicia because of the eternal fog . 
  i am serious . 
  i saw on the news the other day they are commissioning a study to determine options from giant fans to massive heaters . 
  it just seems so completely ridiculous . 
  also , the ave reaches as far as le\u00f3n as of this week . 
  that 's probably my biggest problem with c 's plan on the national level is to just stop ave investment . 
  it may be that the whole system was n't worth it , but at this point it 's worth it to spend the money to get to asturias and finish the galicia line . 
  a line to basque country is so very needed as well . 
  for work , flying is by far the best choice to be able to do same day meeting but in winter there are constant delays . 
  [ an explanation article in spanish . 
  ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2015/09/29/actualidad/1443518493_571271.html ) google translate should get you good enough . 
  basically courts do n't like it when you directly disobey their rulings . 
  the serious answer is parliamentary sovereignty makes the ability to do so much easier . 
  the government ca n't just ignore the constitution . 
  it 's their duties to follow the rules of their operation as written . 
  ( personally i like when government do n't just do what they want despite laws because it sounds popular ) . 
   liberal usually implies politically leaning to the left . 
  that 's a weird americanism . 
  in the rest of the world liberal means promoting free markets . 
   socialist liberals welp ... there 's a new one . 
  fyi , british mpg is 25 % higher than the equivalent american mpg since the british gallon is 25 % bigger . 
  40 mpg us = 50 mpg uk, 
  i never said there should be no associated costs . 
  i gladly pay extra to have my car . 
  i even have a transport pass as well . 
  i never even mentioned where the cutoff for costs would be . 
  but i can say that if cars were to be banned from a city center , i would leave the city . 
  i go lots of places where you just can not use transport . 
  my family lives in a very small town a few hours away and transport is n't really feasible there on any sort of economic basis ( lots of spain is very empty ) . 
   she is part of that movement , and at the same time , a catalonian nationalist . 
  it 's worth noting that she has had to be very quiet about nationalism in general as mayor as the only way they were able to get the municipal coalition through was to basically sidestep the whole independence question and maintain the party completely unaligned . 
  we are nowhere near the point where government guarantees wo n't be useful for bank accounts . 
  if you have more than is guaranteed , it should be in some form of asset anyway . 
  i 'm going to be the first to get on a plane to germany to put money there if i see it being an issue . 
  but you can also see bank runs happen these days , the greek crisis taught a lot of interesting lessons on how collapsing deposits work in a modern banking system . 
  i 'm not a `` car guy '' . 
  i drive a diesel astra and all , but i just really like driving in general . 
  but that was the leverage for the negotiations . 
  the situation is just like before with lots of anger and no clear path for anything . 
  my seat is always perfectly adjusted to me and i 'm pretty sure my ass-print has worn out the seats just perfectly for me . 
  my next car is going to be brand new so i will be its driver for its entire life .
