  also , this probably means the end of the norwegian flights from london to the us . 
  ryanair within the uk will also have higher costs since they 'll have to do what easyjet does with switzerland and have a single subsidiary which drastically increases costs . 
  edit : actually thinking about it , if scotland goes independent and is fast tracked into the eu , ryanair can keep with scottish flights to england without needing the subsidiary . 
  i am saying this as someone that almost always votes right wing ( well , i did vote for obama twice , but he 's pretty big on business promotion ) . 
  the guardian has some really good pure reporting . 
  i think they are on the forefront of defining how a newspaper covers ~ ~ daily ~ ~ breaking events and their live blogs for breaking news are fantastic . 
  but yeah , when they have an opinion , it 's shit . 
  ft is probably my favorite english language daily anywhere in the world . 
  times of london and new york times are both decent . 
  wall street journal and washington post used to be good and both have their moments , but have gotten pretty bad generally . 
  nl is the place to go if you like tall women . 
  when portuguese mix with people from africa , beautiful people result . 
  see mixed children with angola or mozambique heritage . 
  i grew up in the us so i think i might be able to talk about it more . 
  it 's just a weird cultural thing , everyone is really making out to be that it 's afraid of sex or stuff but that 's not it . 
  sex is everywhere in the us , it 's just a cultural norm against nudity . 
  you can see sex scenes on regular tv not all that much different than what you see on european tv , but you 're in trouble if there 's a nipple ( so they get creative with the shots ) . 
  i honestly do n't know the real reason why , but that 's just kind of how it is and it seems most cultures have weird norms somewhere . 
  sorry , it 's not on the replay online . 
  brasil never happened !!, 
  i mean , that is essentially arbitration just a different method of determining the arbiters . 
  i think the idea of each side selects a judge and then they both select a neutral one is a fair way , but your proposal is just as valid . 
  we have no idea how the ttip one will be set up so it 's pretty pointless to discuss the legal mechanics of it at this point , especially since it 's been indicated that it will be quite different . 
  i think it could be reasonable to think that it might end up looking more like the ecj ( which is also an isds ) rather than traditional arbitration . 
  they were both good , the second was like textbook counterattack . 
  rakitic was pretty funny in the post game interview as he genuinely likes spain , lives here , and is married to a spanish woman . 
  yup , we 're on to the knockout stages . 
  at least ramos did n't send it into orbit . 
  but i agreed , they just looked tired . 
  if we play like we did the first two matches , we can win this . 
  eh , we played like shit last night , the team just looked tired and missed some clear opportunities and missed the penalty . 
  fair play to croatia who was the first team we played that did n't just park the bus and they won . 
  it really felt like there should have been more goals than the 1-2 that it ended up as . 
  right , i forgot about the third place teams going through . 
  since croatia won , the turkey game was irrelevant . 
  you know you 're proposing an isds arbitration court , right ? 
  only if it 's based on the products of a single nation . 
  basically , germany could n't say `` all fords must have an extra safety component '' or something like that . 
  the real cases are obviously far more complex but it 's about being able to enforce equal treatment . 
  and the courts are n't good enough because of how sovereignty works . 
  basically if they pass a discriminatory law , the court 's job is to interpret the law ( even more in civil law compared to common law ) . 
  so say you sue and then the court just says `` yup ... that 's the law '' . 
  it 's not their job to determine if a law is fair . 
  oh man , prince philip and juan carlos would be like bert\u00edn osborne x10, 
  no , it would n't push for it at all . 
  what it would likely do is say that the nhs could n't discriminate against us suppliers based on the country of origin . 
  that 's it . 
  in fairness , there will be no more queen if they vote to leave . 
  there will also be no more queen if they vote to stay . 
  no time frame is actually given . 
  but yeah , are all the other royal families of the eu going to steal the british one ? 
  i have to cross the atlantic this week . 
  i will be very annoyed if there 's another ash cloud . 
   first - why do you go after the man by using insults like `` you leftist '' - what possible indication of his political affiliation could you get out of his comment ? 
  that sort of demographic is usually pretty pro lib dem , hardly leftists . 
  yeah , when it 's good ( like this one is ) you hardly notice how long it takes . 
  they managed to make a point about the difference between single market and free trade areas that people can actually understand without having people shut down thinking it 's talking about economics . 
  we have businesses there still and stand to have a huge business relationship develop when the regime changes . 
  also , remember venezuela was the star of latin american economies for a long time . 
  there was scheduled concorde service to caracas . 
   ` oh but these are the same economists that said we should join the euro ' . 
  as if just some of those 90 + % making the wrong choice ( that we only can say now with years of hindsight ) in that debate completely cancels out any weight their voice carries in this debate . 
  for all its issues , the euro would be fantastic for the uk . 
  especially through the crisis . 
  it 's shitty for us in spain but it would essentially be an artificially undervalued currency . 
  wait , you think the internet has promoted reasonable and nuanced discussion ? 
  it 's had pretty much the opposite effect . 
  does anyone who speaks like a grown up to their own people actually win ? 
  in general , nuance is really hard in domestic politics . 
  i 'm actually for this while increasing the taxes on capital gains and the higher income brackets . 
  i think it makes more sense to get the income tax once the money is taken out of the system but not while it 's helping everything to grow . 
  vat already covers a lot of business activity , too . 
  italian will forever fuck with my brain . 
  like i will understand full sentences and have a good idea of what 's going on and then it 's just completely non comprehensible . 
  portuguese is harder phonetically , but i can at least follow it a lot better once i get used to the crazy sounds . 
  also what good days ? 
  you mean the post war period before the eu where the uk was doing really poorly and eventually to the imf loan ? 
  those good days ? 
  it seems to be a lot of the nostalgia that leads to pro-communism views in the former communist bloc . 
  basically people grow more cynical and think the world changed when it was really just their pov . 
  what does nato have to do with a law enforcement matter ? 
  most people do n't work in it or software . 
  andorra is not schengen , but it 's really , really rare to get stopped or even have someone so much as look at your documentation . 
  you just drive through a police post at low speed and then your phone starts to charge crazy roaming charges for not being a part of the eu . 
   how is a bankrupt country like greece going to prevent 2 million people coming ? 
  even 500,000 would strain them enormously . 
  we could actually make frontex a real organization with real capacities to do more than just hold meetings . 
  it 's been proposed https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_border_and_coast_guard, 
  it 's not a percent . 
  it 's a per mille . 
  i 'm pretty sure the difference is just from your extensive varieties of sauces . 
  i though wrong , then . 
  the whole eu citizen/non-citizen thing for outlying territories can be crazy . 
  especially with the uk ( at least for the time being ), 
  i thought they were n't because denmark the country is an eu member and not the kingdom of denmark . 
  kind of like the opposite of the dutch where the kingdom of the netherlands is the member rather than the netherlands so aruba and cura\u00e7ao get free eu passports . 
  better than portugal . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  i agree that i want the uk to stay and i want them to do well if they do go . 
  but i just do n't see how it will happen when such a huge part of their economy is based on delivering financial services to the eu .
