  does netherlands not have some form of common law recognition of relationships ? 
  also , once you hit 5 years of legal residence you are allowed permanent residence . 
  that 's an eu thing for any eu country . 
  i really doubt they 'd invalidate existing residency permits just because it would be logistically very difficult , so just be sure to renew to have validity for any gaps in uk eu membership and hit your 5 years . 
  private health care is n't that crazy expensive . 
  especially compared to other costs of going back to the uk . 
  granted i 'm young , but i pay 40 $ a month for private health insurance . 
  but even if it 's 150 $ a month or so , that 's still going to be cheaper to just stay in spain . 
  spain offers visas for retirees regardless of eu membership or not . 
  actually it 's not just retirees , but anyone that can prove they have the means to support themselves , and that includes foreign pensions . 
  that 's still real value lost . 
  so you 're advocating government price controls ? 
  only in gbp . 
  if you look at it dollar denominated or even euro denominated , the picture looks a lot worse . 
  well yes , but as that 's also denominated in the foreign currency their value added makes their product cheaper on the global market compared to any competition . 
  so what point were you actually trying to make ? 
  that inflation is out of control in the eurozone ? 
  the ftse 250 ( much more uk based ) has n't fared quite so well . 
  so the companies with global revenue sources are n't that worried , but those with revenues mostly from the uk are n't so great . 
  and that 's priced in gbp , so take the value of the pound loss on top of that . . 
  please explain how a weaker currency is bad for exporters . 
  it will pretty much depend on how the uk treats all the spanish that have emigrated to the uk . 
  really , the worst case scenario for the retirees though is that they have to actually formalize their residency with a non-lucrative visa and buy health insurance . 
  non-working visas are generally granted much easier . 
  i do n't know a single country that does n't offer a non-lucrative visa . 
  no reason that would n't be true afterward . 
  retirees spending money that was earned elsewhere is pretty much universally good . 
  the biggest difference is that you 'll have to pay health insurance rather than have the nhs foot the bill while abroad , but all things considered , it 's still way cheaper . 
  some areas will always suffer from lack of production . 
  it 's just what you want to set the self-sufficient unit at . 
  for example , the city of madrid could never self-sustain for food , but spain can as a whole . 
  we have just decided to set the self-sustaining unit as the eu . 
  so again , why would you limit supplies if you are worried about there being a problem with supply ? 
  the no inflation ever attitude of germany and to a lesser extend nl is a bigger problem for the southern countries . 
  internal devaluations suck . 
  why would limiting supply be good for food security ? 
  and if you want to regulate quality ... why is it better to mess with the supply economics rather than regulating quality ? 
   they just need to show they are implementing measures to reduce it . 
  uhh ... growing economy . 
  it 's fixing itself . 
  no action required . 
  rivera is friends with nick clegg . 
  he 's learned to never enter into a coalition like the lib dems did in the uk . 
  more adopting the belgium model of no government . 
  we 're at 251 days right now . 
  308 to go to beat that record . 
  i would put money on us being below 20 % right now , but those data wo n't be out for another 3 weeks ( released on 28 july ) . 
  the q4 -  q1 change is usually disappointing but q1 -  q2 is usually pretty good and tourism is looking to be extra good this year with particularly good weather early and , while shitty for the world , the jihadist terrorism in turkey/tunisia is keeping more people in europe . 
  we are also improving our manufacturing base as we have a quality workforce that 's generally low-cost for western europe . 
  no , that 's just a different measure than what is the `` unemployment rate '' which has a very specific definition to be compatible across countries . 
  underemployment and economically inactive people are measured , you just cant compare those measurements to another country 's regular unemployment rate because they are different things . 
  if you 're bored some day , the ine website is actually pretty interesting . 
  it 's currently at 21 % but that 's the data from q1 that 's been out since april . 
  the new data for q2 will be released on 28 july and all indications of social security affiliations are that it will be decently improved . 
  i certainly hope so . 
  while i agree corruption is an issue , the biggest problem with it is not the big scandals in the newspapers . 
  that needs to be fixed and those people should be punished , but the numbers are a few million here or there which is basically a rounding error in government finance . 
  the real problem with corruption is the number of people working illegally . 
  but it 's hard for a politician to say the real issue with theft is the painter who wants cash rather than reporting the income or a bar owner who just pays a 50 $ note for some help . 
  and yes , each one of those things is nothing , but multiplied over a few million transactions it starts to become a massive amount of money . 
  the way unemployment is measured is standard across the oecd . 
  it 's if you do not have a job and you have been actively looking in the last 30 days . 
  it has nothing to do with unemployment benefits or anything else . 
  it 's a survey of the population , not based on government services . 
  the economy in spain developed quite well under franco . 
  they were quite keen on private property and business development . 
  though the rent control laws were insane and there are still some flats with the old contracts that ca n't be invalidated that rent for something like 5-10 % of the market rate , it 's insane . 
  yeah , i do n't think that 's a bad thing though . 
  just like any other service , if there is too much supply , some supplier will have to go out of business and it will be the ones that are least efficient or have the least access to operating capital . 
  no reason the price should be artificially kept up if there is plenty of supply available . 
  these are raw numbers of employed and unemployed so emigration does n't have that much of an impact . 
  ( it 's seen more in the unemployment rate ) also , the summer season helps but fta :  the high season for tourism has been driving most of the job market growth , but ** all sectors of the economy have been posting improved figures ** . 
  only education has sustained a drop in social security contributors , due to the end of the school year , followed by leisure and entertainment . 
  bolding mine . 
  things are absolutely getting better all around . 
  ( note , getting better does not mean things are yet better ), 
  pensions wo n't go away and anyone who says they will is fearmongering . 
  it 's a game of percentages not a binary exist/no-exist option . 
  worst case scenario social security contributions go up a bit and pension payouts go down for awhile . 
  when the economy improves and the fund gets replaces a politician will promise more pensions and we 'll be back to where we started . 
  spanish public finances have always been pretty fundamentally solid despite the huge challenge of the last few years . 
  but really , if this year keeps up like last year and the one before that , we should be close to getting the system back to sustainable just through regular employment . 
  i think the political turmoil is helping , honestly . 
  of course the politicians want to say the opposite because they all want to be in a government . 
  but really , right now the lack of a governable coalition means more stability . 
  before whenever power would change hands the labour laws and rules for doing business would change and it was back and forth . 
  now you need 3 out of 4 parties ( or maybe 2 depending on the situation ) to do pretty much anything so it makes changing things a lot harder and lowers uncertainty . 
  also , the economy is just recovering naturally and one of the best things the government can do right about now is basically nothing . 
  the deficit numbers will naturally improve as tax receipts go up with improved economy and government spending goes down with more people working . 
  basically , the country can work fine and possibly even do better with just a caretaker government , so do n't expect much progress on negotiations . 
  spain could pull a belgium here . 
  it would n't be europe without excessive bureaucratic rules . 
  norway and iceland is eea , which is distinct from efta . 
  efta is , indeed , pretty meaningless . 
  switzerland is the largest member and they pretty much do bilateral treaties rather than actually join eea to keep up to date and it 's an overall mess . 
  think of it like being jewish . 
  the religion is taken seriously by some but to most people it 's just a cultural identifier . 
  the biggest issue for europe was promoting diesel engines . 
  i consider it to be the biggest policy failure of europe on the whole in recent times . 
  petrol is only slightly worse in terms of co2 and pretty meaningless in the difference of global amount of emissions but way better for local pollutants which immediately affect the health of us living in populated areas .
