  i do n't live in the us but i am a citizen . 
  i did n't vote because it 's a pain in the ass and i 'm registered in the city of chicago and everything was going to go democrat there anyway . 
  fptp and electoral college will do that . 
  i absolutely would have voted if i were registered in ohio or somewhere like that . 
  there 's plenty of competitive congressional races in california . 
  absolutely , i just do n't understand the english people and actually try to end up beat red as if it 's a badge of honor . 
  that 's melanoma in the works . 
  as a really white guy living in a sunny climate , you just have to get used to actually applying sunscreen and wearing hats . 
  being bald is like a double whammy on that , i have a ridiculous stetson straw hat for the summer that i have no shame in wearing . 
  they only have to do that because building a new one is a political shitstorm which is a shame . 
  new plants are far superior to old plants and by being against new plants , they are just ensuring old , less safe plants continue operating . 
  at least here , you just need a passport . 
  you ca n't do it anonymous but it 's easy enough to give an id, 
  it also works in the usa for no extra cost which is nice . 
  apparently orange in spain is already on board . 
  i was n't charged in uk a couple weeks ago but that was just connecting in heathrow . 
  i 'm going to germany tomorrow so i 'll see if it 's true there . 
  eh , you just have to learn some real basic phrases . 
  i seriously just know ` moo ' is pork , ` gai/kai ' is chicken . 
  combined with the dish you want . 
  i generally go with the chicken pad thai or kra pao so `` gai pad thai '' or `` gai kra pow '' is all you really need . 
  the vendors will be honest about the change . 
  the only people i 've found that actively try to cheat you there are the taxi drivers , others will have high prices but if you give them money they will hand you back correct change . 
  even tuk tuk drivers will quote you high prices but those are the prices . 
  i 've had a taxi driver shut off the meter and try to renegotiate in the middle of a highway . 
  they are poor but thai food is cheap . 
  it 's pretty damned filling , too . 
  god i love street food there . 
  best pad thai at a little stall in pratunam i have to go to every time i 'm there . 
  everyone knows the proper way to eat a d\u00f6ner is at 4 am while properly intoxicated so you have to add all that alcohol , too . 
  it 's really easy to keep total calories down with high fat/high protein foods that are very filling . 
  it gets more complicated than that since a lot of `` calories out '' can be in excrement and hard to measure . 
  the real issue is insulin response which is what causes fat cells to take up more fat in the first place and not all carbs are created equal there . 
  starches and pastas do trigger the response , but it 's nowhere near as strong as with sugar . 
  for what i can tell the chart is more or less directly correlated with sugar in the diet and not much else . 
  i 'd be fine with a pigouvian tax on refined sugar . 
  the portions thing is definitely an issue . 
  that restaurants compete by trying to give you the most quantity of food is insane . 
  i never really thought about it before i moved back , but when i go back now , i 'm just astounded by how much food they serve you at regular restaurants . 
  it just leads to being comfortable eating a lot more in general . 
  oh yeah , and thinking `` low fat '' is healthy while not giving a fuck about sugar . 
  seriously , it 's sometimes impossible to find low sugar foods while everything is low fat to be healthy . 
  research is showing more and more that it 's sugars ( particularly fructose ) that 's a problem more than fats . 
   he hid because the uk was going to extradite him to america . 
  if the uk was going to do that , why did n't they do that when they actually had him in custody ? 
  i do n't know too much about salazar , but franco 's ideology was ultra-catholic more than anything else . 
  you can probably guess just from that . 
   long-time democratic portugal and spain dispute that . 
   i do n't know about that specific case so i do n't blame the parents if only there were some sort of article with specific details about this case that was available . 
  like when the king of jordan personally flew the mission to bomb isis after they burned a jordanian pilot . 
  that was pretty badass . 
  i 'm happy for this news . 
  i have my pessimism about brexit but more people in a better economic situation is better for us all . 
  this year 's inflation was clearly from a shock right after the brexit vote . 
  there 's no structural reason to think high inflation will continue and boe is certainly on top of it . 
  living on apprenticeships is a lot better than living on nothing . 
  eventually they wo n't be able to get people to accept that because there will be enough jobs that people will just say `` fuck this '' and go do something else so they will have to offer better conditions . 
  but the first step is getting people from nothing to something , you ca n't just make it all work perfectly at once . 
  when i go to london i usually end up speaking spanish when i 'm out at night . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous how many are there . 
  that 's why you need the fiscal pact to actually have teeth and why the unemployment part is important because increased unemployment is damaging to a budget because you are also dealing with a lack of revenue so you have to cut other services in a recession which makes the recession even worse . 
  the issue as it 's happening in spain is in a common labor market we have very high unemployment but are still obliged to follow the fiscal pact which limits opportunity to pay for basic social services , never mind invest for growth while the talented ( read : revenue generating ) labor leaves to other countries because of the whole single market thing . 
  euro is still way down compared to historical levels . 
  yeah , it 's a stupid metric but it has been going up steadily for the last month , but still well within the normal range . 
  regardless i just went to the us so i was enjoying my ever so slightly increased purchasing power while lamenting the days of 1 $ = $ 1.35, 
  devalutation is pretty tried and true method if done responsibly if your economy is based on exporting lots of value added manufacturing or services . 
  not so good if you are an exporter of raw materials priced on the international market or very basic manufacturing with a low labor and local cost component . 
  the point is outside of the ez the trade surplus is very large for largely the reason of being artificially cheap to people who do n't use the euro as a currency . 
  yes , germany has always been an exporter but the exports boomed when the euro happened because of the imbalances within the eurozone . 
   in germany it is having lived in the country for at least 7 years , if it 's like spain , it 's being resident for that time , not `` having lived in '' . 
  here you have to be a resident for 10 years ( unless latin american or a few other cases , but i 'm not going into that ) . 
  but it can take up to 5 years to get that residency if you enter illegally . 
  you should n't be downvoted because it 's a legit question , but no . 
  spain is legitimately for this and pretty much everyone is for a strong europe . 
  on the left end , podemos is sort of against the current eu , but still supports a strong europe in theory . 
  so the point being it 's pretty much made as posturing with macron taking office and thinking now is the time to strike . 
  this is supported by 3/4 major national parties . 
  i mean , typically yeah on the continent a pint is typically 500 ml which is pretty close to a us pint . 
  of course you ca n't really compare that to the uk where it 's 20 oz ( about 25 % more ), 
  it says `` expat area '' but iirc it 's 4 euros for a half liter at o'neils or james joyce, 
  we typically refer to half liter glasses as * jarras * . 
  i would say `` jar '' is a poor translation . 
  really the most common thing is to get a small * ca\u00f1a * that 's about 200 ml and drink more of them so the beer stays cold while on a hot terrace . 
  6 $ still seems excessive to me even in those areas in madrid . 
  i guess maybe in a disco . 
   where is this sense of urgency when it comes to france 's own painful reforms ? 
  uhhh ... that was basically his platform, 
   is n't the incentive the exact same as right now ? 
  well now it 's harder to explain to the tax authority where you got money to live and all that . 
  and the incentives now make it so it is still a huge problem now , i think a basic income scheme would make it worse . 
  i agree that vat is fundamentally a better tax , but it is regressive . 
  companies do n't have to sell . 
  also , it 's usually not malicious , it 's usually that the big company actually wants to use their scale to better implement the tech they bought to compete with other competitors . 
  i mean , that 's basically how the tech world works , for example . 
  the goal is to make an idea that 's yours and then have alphabet , apple , amazon , facebook , microsoft , oracle , etc. . . come in and buy you out so they can then compete better . 
  it 's a system that works for everyone . 
  small business is n't inherently better because it 's small . 
  it already is a tax on profit so that incentive already exists . 
  why is it unfair to allow a company to be sold ? 
  competition authorities would still exist .
