  that said , there is a new bike share system that uses electric assist for the hills and if you stick to smaller streets that cars avoid , it can be much safer . 
  i think i 'm pretty average in my opinion when i say i favor supporting both transport and car infrastructure as they are complements rather than enemies . 
  people generally support the removal of general traffic from the old part of the city , which has been a success in some neighborhoods ( only residents are allowed to drive there ) . 
  away from the big city transport can vary wildly but there is almost always a decent bus system . 
  the city centers are almost always small enough to walk or with decent transit . 
  in the north there tends to be more cars due to more spread out people , worse weather , generally wealthier , and more hills/mountains . 
  all in all , it 's pretty decent . 
  i do n't know that i would propose any huge capex type changes right now , just undoing some of the crisis effects and getting needed maintenance done and upping some service levels . 
  maybe add some express regional bus routes for people in further suburbs with limited stops . 
  if you just think of it as a small circular road with 5 different intersections , it actually makes sense . 
  ( well it 's backwards for me , but that 's the whole right hand drive thing ), 
  it 's great . 
  the euro losing value helps exports . 
  what eurozone countries are dependent on non euro denominated imports ? 
  maybe ireland throught the uk , but services are the exports best helped by lowering currency values . 
  it also forces wealthy people and corporation in the eurozone to find ways to invest in growth or they will just watch their money lose vallue . 
  all in all , though this really is n't enough to influence things too terribly . 
  eurusd has been between 1.30 and 1.40 for years now . 
  also they are vastly lowering the quality of their own food and food security . 
  but you know , their face will be well spited . 
  do n't interrupt your enemy while they are making a mistake . 
  i 'm from the us . 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  i think a lot of people in the us do n't really get how forceful pub `` banter '' can be and that you need to come right back in kind . 
  it 's a shame , it 's a lot of fun making friend by denigrating them to their face ( not being sarcastic at all ), 
  i agree , but i think many madrile\u00f1os are spoiled and do n't realize just how great the madrid network is . 
  almost all the trains are newish ( with the exception of some being repliced on line 6 ) and there are very few hellish transfers within the same station ( never transfer at diego de le\u00f3n ) the single fare structure has gotten a bit complicated , but it 's still straightforward to use and the 10 ride tickets are extremely simple , useful , and cheap . 
  comparing to the other major networks like paris where so many transfers are lots of stairs and lots of walking and then the trains go slow due to too many stops . 
  or london where god help you if you want to understand the fare structure as a visitor . 
  you could just use largest non-pentagonal administrative building as well . 
  we get it . 
  yeah , that confused me . 
  if you are including trams , there 's a lot more cities to include . 
  seville even has a proper metro , so it 's more baffling . 
  also , eastbound flights to asia generally depart in the evening so you land in the morning . 
  check again around 20h, 
  it was mentioned in another comment [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2cnzsd/russia_may_ban_european_carriers_from_its_airspace/cjhddwd ) , but yeah , this wo n't happen . 
  aeroflot currently uses sabre as their reservation system and if they tried this , i 'm sure the us government would make sure they have no way of recoving reservation info nor of booking new passengers . 
  also , all the big reservation systems are either us ( sabre , travelport ) or eu ( amadeus ), 
  i have a helsinki to bangkok flight in a couple months . 
  that would be seriously inconvenient . 
  the 4 towers are n't scattered , but they are nowhere near the city center . 
  the plan was to make a madrid version of la d\u00e9fense but then 2008 happned . 
   and the uk is home to the global financial centre and with historic connections to much of the globe is well-placed to put in place trade deals with the rest of the globe and embrace global trade . 
  with the uk out of the eu , london is no more attractive than new york , zurich , or geneva for european financing except for time zone issues with wall st. frankfurt could easily take on the european financing within the single market . 
  finance is a fickle industry , after all . 
   obviously , if the uk leaves the eu , there will be a new relationship put in place between the uk and the eu . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market after all . 
  but why would the uk have greater leverage negotiating a sweetheart deal from outside the union ? 
  the combined gdp of the remaining 27 states is much larger than the uk . 
  not to mention the big `` if '' if scotland leaves and a lot of the oil revenue dries up . 
   everything is up for negotiation and there are a range of potential outcomes that are hard to predict - see this paper for an interesting discussion about them [ 1 ] . 
  switzerland , norway and turkey all have different relationships with the eu single market from each other . 
  the us is in the process of negotiating a trade agreement with the eu . 
  the uk can and should try and negotiate its own relationship with the eu - the uk is already a special case , as it is not in the euro or in schengen . 
  i just fail to see how it would work out to have a better deal for the uk for the specific issues they are complaining about or why the eu would particularly trust any deal especially after a `` screw you guys '' vote breaking the last set of agreements . 
  well , the us is the second largest single market in the world . 
  canada gets in on that action as well via nafta . 
  australia is heavily resources based through mining exports . 
  new zeland is an australia based economy . 
  part of the rules of having access to the european single market is allowing the free movement of labor within that market . 
  the uk would n't be nearly as wealthy without the access to the eu market . 
  nobody denies this and the only solution anti-eu folks are providing is a switzerland or norway style deal which would be much worse by basically saying the uk still needs to follow eu rules ( including free movement of labor ) but does n't get a seat at the table . 
  understood , but a lot of that is the result of a huge push to learn english in other countries . 
  the fact that english was chosen as the lingua franca of business is a huge boost to the uk economy and the reason many migrants ca n't really go anywhere else without learning another language . 
  the problem is the benefits of english language ca n't really be quantified , but i guarantee they are greater than any cost of increased immigration . 
  so the obvious question , how did this work when there were border controls ? 
  was this all built post-schengen ? 
  looks to be older than 80 's construction . 
  the euro started out moderately inflationary and that was also a huge help to germany . 
  we are saying that there should be some downward pressure on the value of the currency to encourage growth but it 's always something about weimar republik or something about german fear of inflation . 
  it 's like being afraid of drinking water because your grandfather drowned , moderate inflation is a valuable tool in economic growth . 
  and there was a euro that was rapidly decreasing in value with respect to the dollar to help . 
  hell if it was 0.9 usd per eur these days like in 2002 , everyone could develop an export economy . 
  you know i can hate everyone involved , right ? 
  i just find being terrible from a position of economic and military superiority more abhorrent than being terrible from a position of economic and military desparation . 
  does n't mean i like anyone involved . 
  well the methodology was shit . 
  it was basically a free onlinle written test . 
  so there 's already a huge selection bias because english speakers will already be over-represented . 
  secondly , written english is usually a lot better and not really an indication of actual ability to speak english . 
  it 's also a good tip here , and in general , when traveling to carry a small memo pad and a pen because people often will be able to get by in broken english writing , but not speaking . 
  depends how you structure the contract and how often you open it up to bidding . 
  you can say that they have to have fixed rates that are stated at the outset and they will be fined and exluded from future bidding if certain infrastructure requirements are n't met . 
  then make sure to have an open bid every x years . 
  of course this is n't how politicians get rich , but you can save money like this . 
  us citizen here . 
  easily worth it for various reasons . 
  future earning for potential jobs with long term assignments in both the eu and us . 
  you have n. america with us and nafta visas and europe with the eu citizenship leading to a huge potential employer base with no visa issues , the potential for income growth is huge ( if you are willing to physically relocate or travel a lot ) . 
  the savings can be quite substantial for university education . 
  your kids will be able to easily attend university as eu citizens and save easily more than the cost per child , even including airfare for visits . 
  so long as you have simple finances , it 's not really an issue as you can file with a $ 30 version of turbotax . 
  if you start getting self employment/capital gains/real estate/self-employment/retirement funds / etc. . . involved it can be incredibly complicated and cost several hundred a year in accountants to tell you that you owe nothing . 
  if you make more than around 100k a year working for someone else . 
  if you work for yourself it stops counting as earned income . 
  capital gains and real estate also make it more complicated . 
  us citizen here . 
  you 're wrong . 
  with the possible exception of the netherlands .
