  they should get the same border treatment as anywhere else that is a major source of contraband . 
  i love when i go out in london , i confuse people since i grew up in the us so i have a strong american accent in english and then usually end up speaking in spanish . 
  eh , even the wave of chinese children are integrating pretty well . 
  it 's that we are just now starting to see the first of the wave born here entering the workforce . 
  within 10-15 years it will be pretty normal to see an ethnically han spaniard . 
  yeah , but those people that are born here are then spanish . 
  spain is usually pretty good about not getting caught up on historical ethnicity and accepting immigrants . 
  they are also able to be especially competitive in the low cost market because most of the fixed costs are in icelandic krona while revenues are mostly in dollars or euros so it makes them extremely profitable . 
  also , the stop in the middle of the atlantic saves a ton of fuel ( since you do n't have to carry the weight of extra fuel and add even more fuel just for that weight ) . 
  to top it off , kef is a really good airport for non-schengen to schengen connections so you land as a schengen flight in the rest of europe ( assuming you 're not going to the uk ), 
  i know there 's a lot more republicanism than in the uk and netherlands , i honestly do n't know enough about the other monarchies to tell you one way or another , but i would n't be shocked . 
  yeah , it was certainly a help locally and is probably not sustainable in the long term , but hopefully can serve as a spark to help things move forward generally . 
  that said , i 'd rather be a bit poorer and have the world be a much safer place . 
  the thing is spain has a fairly strong industrial base to actually supplement that . 
  and tax collection has been getting a lot better in recent years . 
  i agree they need to form something , but i 'm pretty happy with the state of things of there not being a majority for any one ( or even two together ) party, 
  nah , the uk monarchy is basically the result of centuries of random laws and conventions . 
  the spanish monarchy is an extension of the previous monarchies but was officially established this time in the 70 's with the spanish constitution . 
  the crown does n't receive it 's legitimacy from god , as is the norm , but from the people through the constitution . 
  i 'm not that strong for republicanism nor monarchism , but i do like this king and think he is a good representative of the country to the rest of the world . 
  certainly better than the politicians who make it to the top . 
  well , dinner is more expensive because going out for dinner is more of a social thing than an actually trying to eat thing . 
  the big meal of the day is lunch . 
  an average price for a 3 course meal with a drink is 10 $ all in . 
  spain did subsidize solar like crazy . 
  it was a huge part of the budget cuts to lower the deficit and the industry that grew around those budget cuts was destroyed when the subsidies were cut . 
  worst case scenario is the 2016 budget repeats . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  i 'd be curious if the currency thing stays an issue if sterling hits euro parity . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  i love paris , but i always feel like they got to like 1978 and just said `` ok , we 're good '' and just stopped . 
  with a few obvious exceptions like la d\u00e9fense, 
  here 's a wonderful example from madrid : [ building of cubes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/edificio_agf_%28albacete_5%2c_madrid%29_01.jpg ), 
  at least in spain . 
  taxis are already self employed, 
  uber is in madrid again . 
  and now they follow fair competition and hey ... no mass protests, 
  are uber drivers licensed professional drivers in lisbon ? 
  if it does n't ask , it bills your bank in local currency . 
  that 's almost always the best rate . 
  that comic is perfect . 
  so many little details . 
  i like the world cup covered in cobwebs . 
  i kind of understand why . 
  the old center would be terrible with family because of the hills and the streets really do feel confining . 
  seems like a great place to live in your 20s though . 
  i saw pretty close to that when i was living in chicago . 
  honestly , at some point it 's just ludicrously cold and -20 really feels about the same as -40 since you 're so wrapped up and just trying to get inside anyway . 
  it did n't lose anything permanently . 
  i mean ... maybe , but why do you know the correct price and not all the actual people with millions on the line who are actually buying and selling sterling ? 
  it 's more or less on the same trend line as it 's been for a long time . 
   also , the money they make comes out of someone 's pocket . 
  whose ? 
  the people that are happy to sell at that price or the people that are happy to buy at the other price ? 
  arbitrage is a fundamental feature of capitalism and i see no reason why the speed is an issue ? 
  what do you mean `` caught '' . 
  it 's the same computers that fixed it . 
  when they see it going down they buy because either the price is lower or they want to cover short positions . 
  they are algorithms battling each other and they naturally come to equilibrium . 
  seriously , it 's kind of like the space program in that way , except it 's self funded and apparently it does add quite a bit of value because we measure value in money and people are happy to have it . 
  realistically that value is in hugely increased liquidity . 
  why is this unstable ? 
  there was like 2 minutes of noise and the computer trading brought it right back to near where it was immediately . 
  how does that fundamentally affect someone who is n't intimately involved with financial trading ? 
  it 's just that there 's essentially two markets now . 
  there 's the computers battling it out at lightning speed for maybe a tenth of a percent of a trade , but the humans are still very much a factor , it 's just on an entirely different timescale and the computers add a bit of noise in the very short term . 
  that said , they also add a ton of liquidity to the market so there will always be a buyer and humans still absolutely move a ton of cash based on fundamentals , and yeah even feelings and intuition . 
  it was probably some computer that interpreted a headline wrong and triggered a mass sale that started a very fast sell off . 
  a lot of people who had automated positions shorting sterling would have their computers automatically buy to cover their shorts and lock in their gains which is what likely brought it back up . 
  i do n't think humans had much to do with the fast fall or recovery . 
  human traders are mostly out of the trying to trade by the minute game because you just ca n't beat the algorithms , they try for longer period trades now probably on the scale of hours at the shortest . 
  what is interesting is that it recovered to a noticeably lower level which might indicate some extra fundamental weakness in demand . 
  yeah , you wo n't see many shiller headlines , even though he 's very well known in the field . 
   the problem is that devaluating the euro would have prevented the austerity catastrophe in southern countries while negatively affecting other countries like germany in their import and export prices . 
  the crazy thing is devaluation would benefit germany because they run a trade surplus . 
  stiglitz is particularly extreme . 
  definitely worth listening to , but claiming his econ cred does n't really work when 90 % of the extreme stuff people write headlines about is when he 's way outside the general economics consensus . 
  his prize is n't really about macroeconomic understanding , either . 
  he got the prize for assymetric decision work . 
  for a left wing view on global economics , krugman is far more credible even though he 's still well outside the consensus a lot of times , but he does n't say half the bombastic shit stiglitz does . 
  i do n't think it 's any question that nyc will be the number 1 financial center in the world now . 
  but not being able to clear euro denominated transactions will be a big hurdle . 
  but yes , it will still be a very important financial center it 's just finance will be much more distributed among the eu . 
  proportionally , dublin will probably benefit the most . 
  because of the english language and it 's not that big of a city in the first place . 
  after that it 's likely to be spread around frankfurt , paris , madrid , and milan , but those are all big financial centers already . 
  source in spanish : http://www.huffingtonpost.es/2016/05/11/anna-gabriel-hijos_n_9906828.html, 
  i mean , from when i 've talked to physics friends i think we 're close on a historical timescale , but basically the general response is that it will happen , but it 's still decades away . 
  i said that it 's been that way for a long time but a lot of those predictions before were based on having technology be invented that would solve the problems . 
  the issues now are much more incremental and a lot more to deal with funding . 
  when you have to pay 1.5 billion usd for a reactor that does n't accomplish much , it 's hard to get people to throw down that kind of money . 
  if we could build a new one every few years implementing lessons learned , it would be sooner . 
  personally , i think once it looks like there 's a realistic time scale for it to be deployed commercially , private money will start to flood the research market in hopes of getting some of the patents and the progress will be 10x as fast . 
  yeah , the cup does n't speak for anyone but some of the most extreme left . 
  they have a disproportionate influence right now because of the composition of the catalan parliament where they are needed to maintain the government . 
  one of their leaders also advocated for children to be raised in communes , too . 
  their views are not mainstream in spain in general nor in catalonia . 
  i mean , normal judicial processes take years and considering what happened to garz\u00f3n ( something he really did deserve ) it does n't seem that bad with starting over 3 years into it . 
  not to mention that the investigation has been changing scope to be bigger than thought a lot and i think it 's a credit to how seriously they are taking things rather than trying to rush to make up for unforeseen events . 
  i mean , it 's going on literally in the same building at the same time as the bankia trial which took a fraction of the time because that 's a much clearer case .
