  immigration is by no means an eu thing , rather an issue for the member states . 
  i have no personal right of free movement as i am not a citizen . 
  that said , i would be moving anywhere with my wife , so for practical purposes , i do . 
  that is n't the case for people on regular working visas not for family reasons , though . 
  i 'm more interested in where the operational training came from . 
  just old red army guys that happen to be on the ukranian side and kind of remember complicated computer launch systems from 25 years ago or active russian troops helping out . 
  i do n't know how it works there , but here the taxi is also generally the driver 's personal car . 
  so considering the amount of time they spend in their car , they may want a nicer vehicle . 
  also lots of random fake taxi fares are a good way to get illegal money on the legal side . 
  hailo actually operates within established laws , unlike uber . 
  they find the fundamentals to be strong though lacking in management follow-through determining it to be a good investment with a shake-up of the bod ? 
  sorry , in spanish it 's a tilde . 
  the `` qu\u00e9 '' in that situation would have a tilde , fyi, 
  god that 's reminiscent of lockerbie . 
  hel china/taiwan is still that way . 
  the whole point of keynsian anticylcical fiscal policy is to be austere in booms so you have what you need when the bust happens . 
  it 's basically a dampener on the boom-bust cycle . 
  that 's the problem that was/is in spain . 
  the government did the first part but then when it came time to spend , nobody would finance it . 
  i think food , specifically , wo n't get addressed since agricultural interests are some of the most powerful groups in both europe and the us . 
  that 's the idea though . 
  a big example is cars , in that the crash testing for cars is just different between the us and eu . 
  neither is really better or worse but it means a single design wo n't work for both unless it 's overdesigned which costs more money . 
  that 's why most european cars in the us tend to be higher end and the us cars that make it in europe tend to come from ford 's european division or just happen to pass otherwise . 
  yeah , i 'd be scared of winning the euros , too . 
  it 's sad that a hiccup in germany got the ecb to take the moderately inflationary measures necessary yet we have been suffering for years in need of these policies just being told the housing price collapse is the fault of laziness . 
  first work then i ended up marrying a local . 
  i grew up around there , actually ( hence my english ) . 
  it never bothered me until i moved here . 
  now i am fully bundled and even think winter here is cold , even though the coldest it really gets is like -5 c. 
  i just do n't go back in winter . 
  i used to live near there . 
  spain supposedly now has certain sections that are 130 , though i have n't seen any in the wild and i drove the length of the a3 this weekend . 
  also there is a vast network of free motorways . 
  by no means is the entire system tolled and you can often make it quite far without tolls . 
  certain areas are worse than others like catalonia and many areas on the mediterranian coast for this . 
  the us soccer season is timed to mostly only have major competition with baseball . 
  works for now and is definitely growing the sport and it 's turning a profit so looks sustainable . 
  if the league gets much better and starts consistently losing a lot of players for summer international play , the season may have to be adjusted , but do n't fix what 's working for the time being . 
  i think there is a bus that goes from the globe pub on irving park down to the stadium for not that much money . 
  nobody uses it and i did n't mean horribly used to it , but it seems most people have the grasp of 100 being very hot weather , 0 being very cold weather and 60-70 being very comfortable . 
  i grew up with the system and even i have to think when using f these days . 
  i can tell you that around here , you might as well be using rankine here for as much as people have an idea of farenheit . 
  i have found most people in the uk to be ~ ~ comfortable ~ ~ ( okay maybe marginally competent is a better term ) in farenheit as well , though . 
  kind of like how in english speaking countries that are n't the uk/us feet and miles are still just part of the lexicon . 
  this is because we generally work long hours . 
  getting home from work around 7-8 is pretty normal for office workers . 
   yerno = ~ ~ brother ~ ~ son in law     cu ** \u00f1 ** ada = sister in law, 
  i like how they explicitly say if all else is good but it 's bad for the banks it 's a non-starter . 
  i know poland is on the short list to get on the visa waiver program , but yeah , it 's totally unacceptable but government is slow to react and there was a lot of illegal polish migration to the us ( of course very positive in the end as those things tend to go ) . 
  i recall the missile shield being much more of a domestic issue than anything else with a lot of people remembering the absolutely fanciful and innefective star wars system in the 80s . 
  i personally think that ballistic missile war is still pretty far fetched and conventional defenses are probably the far better route to take . 
  geopolitical reality is that nation states have gotten good enough at war that going to war against another nation state is a really bad idea . 
  proxy bullshit is far more effective and lower risk so providing effective security all around is probably a better option . 
  honestly , i 'm originally from the us and i 'm surprised to hear this . 
  i would say poland is right up there with uk and france as a country the us feels an allegiance to as a people . 
  i do n't necessarily think normalizing with russia is necessary , but i have long advocated for the breakup of nato and spawing into a european alliance and a north american alliance . 
  there should then be an alliance of alliances so basically either side would be ready to move to help the other , though realistically this would mean an implicit us defense guarantee of europe . 
  it would mean europeans would have to actually spend a reasonable amount on defense , but that 's not that terrible . 
  fair enough . 
  but that 's coming from me since , as i said , spain is my adopted country . 
  i was basically trying to explain he does speak well . 
  the last two pms have been incapable of speaking to many world leaders without a translator due to lack of knowledge of english . 
  the thing is you are associating aspects of uk society to spain . 
  i 'm just happy he can speak english to a native level . 
  the thing is you are associating aspects of uk society to spain . 
  i 'm just happy he can speak english to a native level . 
  it 's both better and worse than that . 
  evading taxes is illegal and a crime . 
  avoiding taxes is the logical thing to do and the whole point of adding exemptions in the tax code to encourage behavior . 
  it 's when the powerful interests can start writing in the tax avoidance themselves that it gets really malicious but the problem in a democracy lies with the public that allows these votes to happen . 
  adopted country so take it with a grain of salt , but i would n't design a country as a monarchy and i lean against it in theory . 
  in practice , i would much rather have these guys representing spanish interests in latin america , the arab world , and as a diplomatic representative in general rather than the imbeciles that make it to be head of government . 
  the last decade would be even more pathetic if it were zapatero and rajoy representing everyone outside the borders . 
  international business is pretty much what 's keeping the lights on at this point . 
  hell , at least felipe speaks english to any degree ( actually has a proper uk public school accent you would expect from that level of society ) . 
  right , but what i 'm asking was the crime the weed or having the weed in an operating vehicle ? 
  that 's like complaining that the police arrest you for just having a few beers in your car . 
  i always saw sweden as kind of religious as well . 
  it 's just lutheranism is very personal and not the crazy public spectacle of catholicism . 
  i also think a lot of people underestimate that sweden can be kind of really morally conservative on some levels . 
  but most people are used to seeing catholic or american evangelical style which is very in your face about it rather than the quiet , prodestant conservatism . 
  see also : netherlands, 
  a huge majority are forced into it by another person and it 's hard to control that . 
  was that for the weed or having the weed in a car ? 
  so many pink neon truck stops . 
  jos\u00e9 casillas just could n't do anything about it . 
  why do n't you see if any of them have a killer left foot . 
  it apparently solves some problems or something . 
  also they completely ignored the whole diego costa thing which is kind of a big deal , especially since the cup is in brasil . 
  that 's almost two whole euros a year !, 
  yeah , i 'm all for more ukranian independence , but they do n't have a right to subsidized gas from russia which was a form of foreign aid in itself . 
  the eu countries will pretty much have to pay the difference in price because it seems like the only way ukraine can keep the tap going and then on to where it 's needed . 
  that 's like showing a bunch of dudes with kilts and bagpipes and calling it a general `` british '', 
  also , the fact is spain sells it 's image as andaluc\u00eda so the stereotypes are different for everyone . 
  my friday siestas are a godsend , though ... assuming i actually have enough time . 
  and yes ... i actually have a ham leg in my kitchen right now . 
  it is delicious . 
  edit : i ate pallea and croquetas for lunch ... so there 's that, 
  excitement/romance ?
