  i also read a number of comments here ( in the excellent community ama ) that many oxi voters were saying no to the return of the old parties and attendant clientelism and corruption - if so , tsipras could win with a tough but serious program offering real hope . 
   but that is only the optismistic view of course , whether it is likely i ca n't tell . 
  i certainly hope you are right . 
  i have serious reservation about that , but i hope so . 
  we 'll see real intentions when the package is presented . 
  delaying the submission so long means there is only really time for one volley back and forth before time 's up . 
  so if it 's not close ... game over . 
  honestly , there 's been a fuck ton of posturing but there has n't been any negotiations yet because nobody has yet to receive a proposal . 
  that and all 28 eu members are planning meeting sunday to discuss how to handle a definite grexit . 
  that 's a bit of posturing in itself but this weekend is the final , real deal deadline we have been waiting for for 5 years . 
  they really have found how to best be a newspaper in live reporting mode with the internet . 
  fantastic journalism . 
  and i 'm very much so not a guardian reader type . 
  yeah , but it seems like ships are particularly mobile . 
  shipping can be literally shipped away quite easily . 
  that said , i still do n't see it as an excuse , if they are n't contributing anything , why deal with the bureaucratic stuff to have them in the first place . 
  the ships will still have to resupply wherever they are anyway so just let them fly panama or liberian flag . 
  in the us political appointments run pretty deep . 
  even agency directors at the sub-department level have to get senate confirmation . 
  you never hear about 99 % of them but it 's straight political appointments . 
  not to mention how being an ambassador works in the us . 
  basically ambassadors to friendly countries are almost all political donors who then get to go live in a cool country with a nice package from the government . 
  they will have actual diplomats for more complex places , but it was a problem with the spy allegations against germany since the ambassador basically did n't know what to do since nobody every expects major friction with w. europe . 
  since the capital controls ? 
  i had read 10 % in the monday meeting . 
  well , they certainly do hold a lot of greek equities and other instruments which are valued at who fucking knows because the athens exchange has been shuttered this entire time . 
  greek etfs have gone down by around 15-20 % so a 10 % haircut seems pretty reasonable . 
  is this from so many poles going back and fort to the uk ? 
  honestly it 's just tech patents that are so fucked up . 
  it seems pretty easy to reform other stuff , basically make a patent reviewable by a judge if it should be valid in the first place as part of any procedure . 
  i doubt you 'd see any apple vs. samsung `` rounded corners '' shit in that case if they had to truly test if that was novel . 
  software is a bit more complicated , but my initial reaction would be to just allow patenting of specific algorithms and methodology ( similar to how factory processes can be patented ) rather than specific functionality . 
  we do n't hunt for it people in romania , but we really should . 
  good knowledge , ok with our salary levels , decent english and romanians tend to learn spanish really quickly . 
  til polish is insanely complicated . 
  like i said . 
  nobody knows . 
  personally i would think being able to get out is worth more than whatever the cost of a plane ticket is versus a risk of not being able to at all . 
  plus if that 's money in your account , you 're unlikely to be able to get it out in euros at any point in the future so you might as well just pay a couple hundred extra to get out in time . 
  at this point applying today is unrealistic , but , if i were a greek still in greece , i would get to wherever and do whatever is in my power to have an appointment to have a valid visa before it may or may not become available anymore . 
  would n't worry about packing too much , you can always go back for more later . 
  and honestly , it 's not hard to get to london and have a job within a few days . 
  yeah it might be serving coffee and you might have to live outside the m25 with a 90 minute commute , but it 's better than what 's to come in greece . 
  i though we agreed it was best to not devolve into our national languages here . 
  ( i grew up in the us and have no idea what this means ), 
  i agree , but it may not apply to those leaving after greece leaves the eu . 
  that 's why i would seriously advise getting on the next possible flight regardless of the cost . 
  if someone is n't familiar , they basically ( along with thatcher in her weird way ) were the leaders that established what the modern eu would become as part of the deals to re-unite germany after the fall of the wall . 
  the fact that it 's * still * not delivered like there was just no rush is horribly incompetent . 
  i 'm in energy . 
  i realized i forgot to get a receipt for a 10k $ payment recently . 
  the amount of money that moves around is crazy . 
  we do n't know what grexit means for eu membership . 
  it may be too late , but if any greek is thinking of leaving to work in another country . 
  i would get whatever money is possible to get on a plane either tonight or tomorrow to get where you need to go and get an application for a residence card . 
  it may not be possible next week . 
  you do n't even need a passport right now if you do n't have one , just an id card . 
  eu leaders are openly talking about sunday being to discuss how to manage a grexit . 
  there is no more time to buy . 
   tsipras just said so , that if we have discussed this in the parliament from the start , we would n't have reached this point . 
  if he were truly bluffing why would he have let it get to this point . 
  he lost his leverage and will only end up with a worse deal that he could have gotten before the referendum shenanigans . 
  there were a bunch of italians all throughout . 
  fair enough i corrected myself elesehwere . 
  but you do n't think it 's insane that that happened less than a year ago ? 
  it 's even more ridiculous when you think about the airport codes . 
  bud vs otp . 
  i do n't know anyone who flies a lot that does n't think in terms of airport codes either . 
  they officially are planning to do in 48 hours what they could n't agree to in 5 months . 
  i 'm assuming based on the receipts . 
  i know this was a specific reform for the second bailout . 
  i do n't know if it was actually implemented . 
  so my `` they do n't '' should more accurately be `` they did n't and may still possibly be the case '', 
  fyi , here 's the letter they sent for the aid request . 
  http://live.reuters.com/event/greek_debt_crisis_4/172517356 i would laugh if it was n't for the fact that their inability to execute will lead to millions being impoverished . 
  also , you are way more alert than me on a proposal delivery day . 
  it 's impressive you 're still able to form complete sentences . 
  i 'm usually a zombie after handing one in from a couple of nights of sleeping for 3-4 hours or so . 
  home maintenance services or people personally repairing stuff has really endemic tax evasion here . 
  i go out of my way to pay iva because that also means i have consumer protections and is basically an insurance , but it can be honestly difficult to find repair people that pay taxes . 
  all of that said , it 's about the only place where i see these problems really endemically . 
  they ~ ~ do n't ~ ~ * did n't until very recently * have inflow and outflow measurements for refined fuel so they honestly do n't know how much they have to start with a lot of times so they ca n't audit against the pumps . 
  that was one of the specific reforms needed . 
  edit : corrected but the point stands . 
  to comment the content : they still have yet to actually submit anything concrete and explicitly state they wont until tomorrow . 
  they are now officially hoping to get done in 48h what they could n't do in 5 months . 
  the letter sent to apply for aid . 
   8 july 2015  dear chairperson and managing director , on behalf of the hellenic republic ( `` the republic '' or `` greece '' ) , i hereby present a request for stability support within the meaning of articles 12 and 16 of the esm treaty given the risk to the financial stability of greece as a member state and of the euro area as a whole . 
   specifically , greece seeks from the esm a loan facility ( `` loan '' or `` programme '' ) with an availability period for three years in accordance with the conditions provided in article 13 of the esm treaty and in article 2 in the guideline of loans . 
  the loan will be used to meet greece 's debt obligations and to ensure stability of the financial system . 
   consistent with the principles of this medium to long term programme , the republic is committed to a comprehensive set of reforms and measures to be implemented in the areas of fiscal sustainability , financial stability , and long-term economic growth . 
  within the framework of the programme , we propose to immediately implement a set of measures as early as the beginning of next week including :  \u2022 tax reform related measures  \u2022 pension related measures  we will also include additional actions that the republic will undertake to further strengthen and modernize its economy . 
  the greek government will on thursday 9 july at the latest set out in detail its proposals for a comprehensive and specific reform agenda for assessment by the three institutions to be presented to the euro group . 
   in addition to the above , it is the expressed goal by the greek government that by the end of the availability period of the loan or earlier , it regains full and affordable market financing to meet its future funding requirements as well as sustainable economic and financial situation . 
  as part of broader discussions to be held , greece welcomes an opportunity to explore potential measures to be taken so that its official sector related debt becomes both sustainable and viable over the long term . 
   greece is committed to honour its financial obligations to all of its creditors in a full and timely manner . 
  we trust member states appreciate the urgency of our loan request at this time given the fragility of our banking system , our shortage of available liquidity , our upcoming obligations , our buildup of internal arrears , and our expressed desire to clear our outstanding arrears with the imf and the bank of greece . 
   we reiterate the greece 's commitment to remain a member of the eurozone and to respect the rules and regulations as a member state . 
  we look forward to your favorable and timely consideration of our request . 
   for avoidance of doubt , this letter supersedes our previous request letter dated  30 june 2015 .
