  that 's shitty . 
  also , because of the attention at calais , lots have been moving to dunkirk and zeebrugge where it 's easier to slip through . 
  spanish also has the word `` navaja '' that is quite common to refer to a folding knife . 
  i 'm assuming it 's the same etymology as the catalan/english . 
  lots of places are visa-free with electronic authorization . 
  just off the top of my head there 's usa ( the most prominent ) , canada , india , australia , turkey i know there 's others as it 's a pretty big trend . 
  i would n't be shocked if the uk eventually went that route as well . 
  it 's a fairly effective and relatively simple tool for keeping track of people at the border . 
  if you have a visa , it 's not applicable as you would n't be travelling visa-free, 
  uhh ... it 's a schengen entry requirement so countries in schengen would have to comply . 
  it also says that within the single market , it 's not needed due to freedom of movement . 
  thats not true at all . 
  it 's valid for all the entries you want within 2 years so long as it 's the same passport . 
  there 's no need to edit the `` where are you staying '' stuff . 
  i do n't know why they include it in the first place . 
  just imagine if all the london bankers had to update that shit every time they went to nyc , it would never fly . 
  my boss travels to the us all the time for work , too and it 's never an issue . 
  it 's not just usa , electronic authorizations are becoming more common . 
  i actually kind of like the idea rather than a visa , you 're basically automatically allowed unless something disqualifies you . 
  and the adoption of sis ii was a very good thing ( as a non-eu citizen , it was very noticeable when it went live ) but i agree that actually knowing who is going in and out is a good thing . 
  i do n't think it should try to look like the us , but i also do n't think the past of a quick glance and `` have a nice trip '' is really adequate either . 
  [ this paper ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/securing-eu-borders/legal-documents/docs/20160406/communication_on_stronger_and_smart_borders_20160406_en.pdf ) ( pdf warning ) also talks about introducing fingerprinting to ensure people are not just changing documents or using fraudulent documents either to get around the rules . 
  it 's for customs and not immigration as ch is not in the eu customs area . 
  roissy according to my passport stamps . 
  basically a direct flight is one that has the same flight number and continues all the way to the destination . 
  back before airliners had crazy range , it was very common to have to make several technical stops to get places . 
  these days , * most * places are within airliner range from europe with the notable exception of australia and the south pacific . 
  so to get there your airplane has to stop to refuel along the way . 
  usually you are allowed off , but not always . 
  the soon to be discontinued ba3 from lcy to jfk has a stop at shannon in ireland just to get fuel . 
  the morning rotation of that flight ( ba1 ) stops and shannon but people get off to be processed by us immigration . 
  for the case of getting to french polynesia , i 'm pretty sure everyone has to get off at lax and get processed by us immigration just to get back on the plane again because us airports are like that . 
  yeah , maho beach is the dream vacation for spotters . 
  fyi , ultramar is best translated as `` overseas '', 
  papeete , tahiti in french polynesia, 
  and columbus ( actually called colombo ) was from genoa . 
  what 's it matter where they were from ? 
  magellan got to the philippines almost 100 years prior to that . 
  spain was in both asia and america prior to the netherlands . 
  normal transits in the us definitely require going through immigration and customs . 
  it 's because airports there have no segregation for international and domestic departures and there is nothing preventing you from just walking out of the airport . 
  do you even philippines ? 
  wait till you learn about the france-netherlands land border . 
  france is filled with geographical curiosities . 
  the world 's longest , nonstop domestic flight is paris to st. denis , r\u00e9union as well . 
  just like how france 's longest land border is with brazil . 
  it 's also the 4th longest eu-non eu border after norway-sweden , croatia-bosnia and finland-russia, 
  there is a direct flight from cdg to ppt . 
  that said , it 's not a nonstop flight , a distinction that used to be a lot more important . 
  it stops at lax . 
  i do n't know if you have to go through us immigration to transit on a single flight , but i imagine so . 
  they are n't colonies . 
  they 're integral parts of france . 
  i want to know the babies ' opinion . 
  prams for all !, 
  where does selling ports like they agreed to fall into that ? 
  they will never be called fiscal transfers , though . 
  they will be eu wide programs with an eu wide budget . 
  really some sort of eu wide social security fund will probably be necessary regardless to help deal with living/working in various countries across a career . 
  the current system is really a nightmare for someone that moves around a lot . 
  just like how greece wo n't ever get a `` haircut '' even though the massive extension of the payback date is essentially the same thing from an accounting pov . 
  you have to be able to sell it politically . 
  well yeah , egypt learned some lessons and it could certainly be worse off . 
  though i do think the success of the former communist bloc is largely education . 
  the communists did generally have capable schools for the most part . 
  this kind of ignores the elephant in the room which is egypt . 
  they 're really ended up kind of where they left off with a military strongman in charge . 
  though i do hope jordan can be a good example of slowly introducing reforms to make real democracy possible , but it should be noted that i think you get democracy from prosperity , not necessarily the other way around . 
  in fact , in many cases , being poor and democratic just leads to corruption becoming even more endemic . 
  i 'm from the us so i have a bit of a background in this and all i can say is that i see no way how trump wins florida , ohio , and pennsylvania . 
  without all three together , he does n't have a viable path to win . 
  all of that without getting picked off in north carolina ( which is increasingly for the democrats ) , nevada ( big mexican population ) and wisconsin ( moving further toward republicans but still traditionally for democrats ) i could see this being a very close election in the popular vote , but it 's worth remembering that anything over the margin of victory for any particular state does n't matter because the us election is just 51 individual fptp elections . 
  i said that it should be increased on the upper marginal brackets and capital gains to tax the people that most profit from the companies rather than the companies themselves . 
  as it is right now you pay x % on all money up to 20k $ , x +3 % on all money between 20k and 40k , etc. . . 
  the amounts and percentages vary by country but there 's no reason you ca n't just increase taxes on money over , say 300k $ plus capital gains increases to make up for the loss of revenue in corporate tax structures . 
  that way you tax the people that own corporations rather than the corporate activity itself . 
  i set prices for my company . 
  all costs are taken into account , including taxes , when determining the profitability . 
  it does n't really matter who pays for it technically , in the end the purchaser does . 
  and you think end consumers do n't pay corporation tax ? 
  it 's all just accounting formalities . 
  yeah , the idea is to increase the higher parts of the marginal tax rates at the upper brackets and increase capital gains . 
  allow it to generate more revenue and tax it as it comes out . 
  how would it hurt small companies if they are n't paying tax ? 
  i mean , you pay it on the cost of the things that are produced . 
  it 's all just semantics who is ultimately responsible as customers would be paying for it if it were charged directly to the corporation . 
  prior to brexit ... eu countries are still sovereign so there 's no point in this . 
  now ... ireland should n't have authority to set its own tax policy . 
  i 'm kind of sympathetic to the anti-competitive argument , but not the argument that countries should n't be allowed to set their own tax policy . 
  arguments of convenience . 
   how do you value non listed companies ? 
  you know that non-listed companies pay dividends , too ? 
  really most companies owned by a couple people usually pay salary to get maximum pension and the rest in dividends so you get capital gains rates on that . 
  but corporate income tax is just a small part of how corporations are taxed . 
  i mean , the payroll taxes , vat , property taxes are all paid regardless and those can all be messed with regardless . 
  personally i 'm for zero corporate income tax and just increase income taxes as it 's taken out of the system . 
  but that sort of thing would limit countries ' approach to taxation on a very fundamental level . 
  i like the more ubiquitous `` fail fast '' but yeah . 
  that 's the idea . 
  not so much in the uk , but i think there is a cultural component in a lot of europe where if a company you founded fails , you are seen as a bit of a failure as well .
