  i agree vat is somewhat regressive but i also think some amount of consumption tax is needed . 
  i said elsewhere that my ideal would be a progressive consumption tax , but we 're still not there yet with financial data ( but close ) to actually be able to handle it . 
  i would have corporate income tax rate at zero since consumers pay for it anyway and just raise vat and income/capital gains to make up for it . 
  well yeah , it gets very complicated , very fast and the specific treaties involved between countries start to matter so it 's impossible to make any sort of general statement . 
  i know nobody does that , but it would make more sense if you wanted to do a progressive corporate income tax . 
  that said , i hate the corporate income tax in general and think it 's stupid and inefficient . 
  normally you pay where you are tax resident , but it can vary a lot . 
  amazing how an investment banker actually understands investment incentives . 
  funny enough some of the only sane things trump talked about were some of his campaign tax proposals talking about things like carried interest in the us . 
  ( of course he wo n't touch it now that he actually has power ), 
   france has only 15 % for small companies . 
  they have a progressive corporate tax rate of 33,3 % only if you are above 75k euro per year . 
  it 's ridiculous that it 's an amount in euros rather than a percentage of profits because it just promotes not expanding business since if you are making , say 100k euros on 5 million in revenue , your business is not very healthy . 
  business works best when it moves more money and that 's a disincentive to that . 
  my problem with basic income is it provides a huge incentive to defraud even more and just declare a small part of your earnings . 
  it 's changing , but we are still a largely cash economy and tax cheating is a big problem . 
  yeah , corporate taxation is not progressive at all since consumers will still pay them , it 's just in the least efficient way possible and unfairly advantages big firms that make it worth it to have consultants to have tax advantaged strategies . 
  i truly believe the best corporate tax rate is zero while raising vat and income/capital gains taxes to counter it . 
  if it were somehow feasible , a progressive consumption tax would be the best and better than an income tax . 
  you pay 0 % on your first 10k $ spent , 10 % on the next 10k , etc. . . 
  i think it could actually be possible if moving to a cashless economy so feasible in my lifetime ( i 'm 30 ) but still a long way away . 
   the only problem with that is that lower income people do n't have the capital to invest in solar panels , so they should get access to credit . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i dislike backdoor subsidies . 
  if you want to subsidize it , then do that but do n't try and hide in weird pricing dynamics . 
  i would say generally it should be fine enough to do it with tax incentives since , on the whole , people who own houses tend not to be that poor ( or can at least use the equity in the home to access cash if it 's really advantageous ), 
  that flag is less about monarchy and more about identifying as a leftist and saying a new leftist republic should be created . 
  i 'm kind of on the fence about the monarchy , but i do n't mind the current king . 
  but i 'm also generally liberal and neither the people that typically fly that flag nor i would associate our politics much . 
  well yes , but even using `` the us '' there is stupid . 
  uber is often regulated there . 
  in nyc they have to be licensed as livery operators . 
  granted i was just in san francisco and there it seems they do whatever the hell they want , but i would n't ever use sf as a norm for how things work in the us . 
  it 's a bit more expensive and should absolutely be streamlined , but i 've been looking heavily into the process and it 's hardly a nightmare . 
  maybe a couple days of chasing paperwork that a normal person can handle ( assuming you speak spanish ) the aut\u00f3nomo fee is also terrible , but again that makes it more expensive and less competitive , but not necessarily complex . 
  as far as the growth , i am definitely seeing a lot more corporate jobs around and tourism is growing , too . 
  i have a friend that just moved to the coast and he has no issue just picking up jobs whenever he wants ( he moved to leave a corporate job so does n't want a long term contract ) . 
  like i said , there are still a lot of ways to improve things and a long way to go , but things are very clearly getting better and it 's waaay better than it was in 2014 or so . 
  what does that have to do with anything . 
  like private car hires do n't exist or are regulated in europe ? 
  i see little other choice then . 
  let 's not stop until the sea . 
  you get the walloons and we 'll bring back spanish netherlands . 
  this time 100 % more bourbon . 
  i think ema is a good compromise . 
  and i know it 's not as efficient but probably best to keep it not near the main pharma manufacturing areas . 
  i would have a problem with it in dublin or munich for example because then the regulators and the executives would often end up at the same parties and become far too comfortable with each other . 
  but if you have people that are net generators or close to zero net consumption total but still need and use their grid connection ? 
  if you have smart metering , you can set the sale price to be lower than the purchase price ( which would make sense ) so buying from the grid is still more expensive than you can get selling the equivalent amount and would be commensurate with total usage . 
  but for places without smart meters yet , it 's a tough question . 
  while the flow would n't be as high as it is now , i 'm saying if fiscal transfers had been in place , spain was absolutely stronger fiscally in the early 2000s . 
  of course if financing through own bond markets it would n't happen because the whole point is to use eurobonds and have a common budget . 
  even blablacar is apparently starting to have people run ferry services and basically be long-term transport . 
  but yeah , in theory that 's a clearer clase of why it should n't be . 
  ( i 've never used it but was thinking of signing up to have some company and extra money for my drives ), 
   why not ? 
  who 's going to pay for the fixed costs of balancing the grid then ? 
  either people have to pay for what they cost or you are giving a massive subsidy . 
  personally , i 'm not a fan of implicit subsidies like that that . 
  if you 're going to subsidize it , at the very least just do it directly through tax incentives or straight checks . 
   i flew with united well there 's your problem . 
  i 'm guessing that was a 757 back then . 
  they have it as a 787 now so definitely with ife screens . 
  i agree with that , but you ca n't then reconcile that while encouraging solar production at home . 
  personally , i think distributed production through solar really is n't the best and we are still better off with large generating facilities ( still can be solar ) but with that idea you get political slogans like `` taxing the sun '' which make everything harder to see on their own merits . 
   not anymore . 
  byod with the carrier 's app is the new trend . 
  not on long haul . 
   no final decisions have been made on expanding the restriction on large electronic devices in aircraft cabins ; however , it is under consideration . 
  worrying but the headline is getting way ahead of itself here . 
  i doubt anything will happen . 
  transfer methods and guarantees are cyclical . 
  if this was 15 years ago , it would be spain guaranteeing and bailing out germany . 
  but how quickly we forget that things change . 
  it 's a legitimate idea done in a stupid way . 
  it 's basically a problem of the old business model never took into account possible local production . 
  the grid was thought of as being one way and the pricing was made according to that . 
  i agree that it should probably be higher fixed costs and lower marginal costs to better reflect the reality , but you 'd still get people saying they are `` punishing '' people trying to save electricity . 
  the habitable area is about a quarter of spain with four times the population . 
  it 's not tiny ... but it 's fairly small , especially given the countries in the region . 
  gib towels !, 
  we 've spent the last 500 years with our biggest enemy ... ourselves . 
  ideally it should be in sdr , but that will still be heavily influenced by the dollar 's strength, 
   bangladesh = 161 million this always blows my mind . 
  it 's a small country and half of it is uninhabitable . 
  same as the fact that there are almost 150 million people on the island of java . 
  that 's mostly the cap and while it is `` large '' for what most people would consider , it 's a tiny amount of the percentage of the economy . 
  there needs to be much more substantial transfers . 
  not saying political incompetence is n't a problem , but is n't romania in erm ii ? 
  that 's effectively the same thing as having ecb set monetary policy . 
  edit : i looked it up and no , romania is fully free floating . 
  never mind my previous statement . 
  and we 're actually catching up economically to italy , too . 
  yeah . 
  it 's mostly hollywood why some kid in asia wants to learn english . 
  even most people in the us do n't get how culture is their most important export . 
  i thought it was a phishing thing to get them . 
  and actually reasonably well done and not nigerian prince type stuff . 
  i happen to like my mother in law and she will care for kids, 
  23 is red ?!,
