  i find that hard to believe . 
  part of a business license is insurance coverage . 
  are you not required to have insurance to drive ? 
  it 's a pretty common situation and it 's a major failing of anarchist style free markets because liability and ability to pay in case of judgement is not always immediately apparent . 
  licensing does n't have to be intense , but it definitely needs to be there for insurance reasons at least . 
  it 's basically a way to allow the government to ensure you have insurance for that activity and that you are paying the taxes you owe . 
  well that 's the whole point of trying to force the greek economy to liberalize . 
  make it so it 's not an unreasonable thing to get licensed . 
  i use netherlands in english but holanda is by far the dominant way to go in spanish . 
  `` pa\u00edses bajos '' just sounds so stuffy . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not too big on the infrastructure side of things since i 'm in the energy sector . 
  it 's all about levels though . 
  they could lower it a little bit and still make more money in total with the tolls to make it more fair to the people that actually use the road . 
  and it may actually lead to significantly more revenue if taxes make fuel slightly cheaper in belgium than in neighboring countries . 
  that seems like a pretty reasonable thing . 
  i ca n't imagine they are lowering fuel taxes to make up for it though ? 
  yeah , i 'm in big project engineering , but on the energy side of things . 
  madrid is one of the major global hubs for the industry . 
  i 've always been kind of shocked that there is only one flight a day between seoul and madrid because of that . 
  the french pretty much just have vinci . 
  we absolutely dominate in big project engineering . 
  german engineering is more geared toward manufacturing , but no country can handle epc projects like spain . 
  for infrastructure you have ferrovial , dragados ( and other acs companies ) , ohl , fcc , acciona . 
  those are just the main companies and there are several more smaller ones . 
  also a bunch of bigger ones that deal mostly with industrial epc projects . 
  ( t\u00e9cnicas reunidas being the main one ), 
  i had to drive from zaventem to breda a few weeks ago and i made a game to count what percentage of the big trucks were actually belgian while in belgium . 
  i think i ended up at around 40 % . 
  complain about dutch caravans all you want , this is the real problem for belgian roads . 
  and you ca n't raise the tax on fuel because they will just fill up elsewhere . 
  i know it 's shitty , but you guys honestly need to make the main motorways toll roads . 
  it could be pretty reasonable for passenger cars but really needs to make the foreign lorries pay for what they use . 
  who knows ? 
  the point is that negotiations take time and there was n't time to deal with these impending payments so they essentially lengthen the life of those loans in order to have time to negotiate . 
  things went fast the last 3 weeks . 
  they will go slow again now . 
  this is bridge financing . 
  it is n't supposed to be sustainable . 
  the point is to make it so they do n't fail while waiting for an agreement because they had a payment that would destroy the country if they missed it yesterday . 
  airlines have not and will not operate airspace . 
  this is so that all will be under a single organization . 
  and london airspace at high altitude is completely different than at low altitude which is where all the congestion is . 
  the object is basically to make it so it 's not the caa and whomever the agencies are for france/belgium/netherlands / germany/denmark are not all have to fight over the same relatively small geographic area . 
  right now they have to hand off control every time they cross airspace borders and it 's kind of crazy . 
  i think that 's one area that needs a lot of improvement , and i have only ever been an employee so i ca n't speak from experience . 
  that said , things have gotten a lot better in a lot of the areas i deal with the government . 
  i 've never had a problem with social security and even when i did have a problem with hacienda , they were pretty efficient about the whole thing ( i lost , but reasonably so ) . 
  as a non-citizen i ca n't even begin to tell you how much better extranjer\u00eda is now compared to even just a few years ago . 
  the whole point of the emergency loan was to spend on the emergency payments and nothing more until the rest gets sorted . 
  so the news is that it worked exactly like it was supposed to . 
  openskies agreement should mean that is n't an issue within the eu , but having a different agency for controllers in each country is a little nuts . 
  there are going to be crazy amounts of strikes over this , but i still support it . 
  i generally agree . 
  the problem i see with him is he is decent in getting the situation as to why the economics have led to disaster but then tries to go into weird political mode . 
  i actually do n't mind his pure economic analysis even if i sometimes have issues with it , but it 's how he conflates political opinion and economics that bothers me so much . 
  this op is a good example , there were a lot of issues of basic competence from the beginning . 
  but he was willing to let the fact that he agreed with some of their ideology ( though syriza actually seem a fair bit to the left of krugman ) allow that to kind of not get as much scrutiny . 
  i live in madrid . 
  if you listened solely to opinions of people here you would think we are slightly less developed than somalia . 
  i think it would do a lot of people a lot of good to go live elsewhere for a time . 
  the amount of people that think it 's the absolute worst in xyz but just have no experience in other countries is ridiculous . 
  it 's truly pretty nice here . 
  because spain , italy , and france are all creditor countries and none of them have fundamental problems with fiscal policy like greece does . 
  the problems were from bad private loans . 
  well , i personally think extend until a true banking union can happen with a common deposit insurance and then cut them loose for default is a pretty reasonable option . 
  the whole mechanism for disaster is the collapse of the greek banks , so if you get to the point where they are insured by a common fund , you can safely make sure people have up to their deposit insurance and then force everyone else to work it out . 
  greece will be forced into a primary surplus of its own making so nobody will have to complain about imposing austerity . 
   nevertheless , a nobel prize pretty much indicates that you are a very intelligent human being and that you have excellent knowledge on a certain area . 
  and that area is specifically international trade balances . 
  there are people that are much more knowledgeable in government financing . 
  in that particular model it turns out that some protectionism can actually work out pretty well . 
  he extrapolates that particular strain of leftism and conflates it to validation for everything else . 
  is this from english languages searches ? 
  yeah , that 's why everyone is indignant about the suggestion that they should have them . 
  it 's also why i said :  i 'm still not a citizen so i still do n't have freedom of movement rights . 
  yes it is . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457 straight from the source it is the right to :  * look for a job in another eu country * work there without needing a work permit * reside there for that purpose * stay there even after employment has finished * enjoy equal treatment with nationals in access to employment , working conditions and all other social and tax advantages, 
  i went through the legal process and i 'm still not a citizen so i still do n't have freedom of movement rights . 
  and schengen has nothing to do with freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement = right to live and work in another country schengen area = no border controls between select countries . 
  canada makes it work with 2 languages and 1 20th of the population . 
  so it should scale about right . 
   hours worked per time is not a valid way to claim one is hard working . 
   productivity is not a valid way to claim one is hard working . 
  `` hard working '' is a moral judgement and not an economic one . 
  productivity does indeed measure the value produced by the work . 
  i 'm sure the average poor farmer in china puts in significantly more effort , does n't mean they create value out of that effort . 
   average salary by itself is not a valid way to compare how well off a country 's citizen is . 
   average pension by itself is not a valid way to compare how well the pensioners have it . 
  they are both pretty good approximations . 
  and when ppp measurements exist that account for costs of living . 
   government spending to gdp does n't tell the whole story of how bloated the public sector is . 
  no , but it gives a good indication about how * sustainable * it is , which is an entirely different argument . 
   debt per capita does not describe the country 's citizens spending tactics . 
  i 'll give you this one as it 's almost entirely based on how many people own their home . 
  personally , i 'd like to see spain as a federation first with all of them with equal rights . 
  the fact that each autonomy has to have it 's devolved rights individually negotiated is insane . 
  indian nations are already quasi sovereign . 
  i 'll just say the situation is insanely complicated from a legal standpoint but it 's very beneficial to them so they would n't want anything else .
