  those prices are also generally the `` floor '' of the us domestic market because medicare is such a huge buyer so they basically get to set their own market prices at whatever they want it to be which is ridiculous , but it 's not the companies ' fault . 
  i mean , if you tell a private organization that they can get more money just by asking , it 's logical that they would say `` yes '' . 
  it makes being a native speaker mean i 'm basically guaranteed a job no matter what happens . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is including regional languages . 
  only like 20 % of people can even speak english . 
  the uk has a lot more immigrants from places that do n't speak the language . 
  most of spain 's immigrants are native spanish speakers ( and usually monolingual , too ) with the exception of romania and morocco . 
  but let 's say 35 % of the total population has another native language plus a 20 % rate of speaking english and maybe 10 % for french , then you 're pretty close to the number . 
  you ca n't just take population of autonomous areas with another language as total speakers of that language . 
  i mean , i think basque speakers account for something like 35 % of the population of the basque country . 
  galician and catalan are more prominent , but still far from universal . 
  there are still large spanish-only populations in all of those places . 
  you have to look at overall cost to provide , not price the user pays . 
  when you have so much subsidized , they are n't really comparable at all . 
  and like i said , they are just in line with standard prices around the world . 
  the other stuff is massively overpriced . 
  just going in for a 5 minute talk to follow up for a procedure i had where i said `` yup , i feel great now '' was around $ 125 iirc . 
  the problem is regional differences . 
  the minimum wage is n't enough in madrid . 
  but if you go to ja\u00e9n , it 's perfectly reasonable to live on 650 $ a month . 
  it 's tight but we are talking about `` minimums '' here . 
  this should really be set by the autonomies and not at a national level because the costs are so different . 
   mmmn , idk . 
  most of the people is in the 900-1000 bracket in madrid and barcelona anyway . 
  this is just not true . 
  yes , it 's true for a subset of young people that are having issues . 
  but it 's by no means most . 
  average it salary in madrid is probably around 35.000 $ ( so something like 2200 $ after taxes ), 
  [ it would appear that 15 % more salary in brussels gets you significantly less quality of life . 
  ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=spain&amp;country2=belgium&amp;city1=madrid&amp;city2=brussels&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison ) everyone forgets that spain is actually really cheap . 
  you have to compare to cost of living . 
  getting 2000 a month ( pretty unremarkable in it ) is going to lead to a pretty decent life , even in madrid or barcelona . 
   this means you have to pay your own social security , expenses , insurances etc. 
  do you have to pay even if you do n't make money ? 
  the us ' problem goes beyond just a simple public vs. private debate . 
  i 'm from there and when people try to simplify it to that level , it shows a clear lack of understanding of the issues . 
  there are a lot of problems but it 's worth remembering that iirc , the us has the world 's largest single payer system ( mecicare ) , too . 
  the biggest issue is that the only major players that have any incentive to keep the costs down are the insurance companies , and they get attacked when they do . 
  patients have insurance which means they care little about the price of care ( though high deductible plans are changing that slightly ) , doctors still want to charge like crazy , so the insurance company comes out as the only one in the mix with an incentive to lower costs and they get played as greedy corporations trying to keep people between them and their doctors . 
  i left before obamacare ( and i was only back for a year with decent insurance ) but i did n't have insurance and it was nearly impossible to even know what anything would cost prior to going in . 
  obviously unexpected things happen but at least here in spain i can ask `` how much is xyz procedure ? '', 
  and get a straight answer . 
  doctors ' salaries are also a problem . 
  nobody says doctors should n't be well paid , but it 's to a ridiculous level in the us , but a lot of that is because it 's normal to leave medical school with hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt . 
  ( but it 's still a great investment because of the massive salaries ) also , medicare ( the single payer system ) is forbidden by law from negotiating drug prices , and since those prices are generally the `` floor '' for the market , prices only go up massively from there . 
  now not to even talk about the inefficiency of how things actually have to get billed and medical coding . 
  even the smallest thing requires a complicated process of billing so a bandage in a hospital costs 10 dollars each because every single one needs people to spend time entering that code into a system and then get verified and then invoiced . 
  it 's the time that 's expensive , not the material . 
  to compare , you can look at the dental market in the us which is much less regulated and a much more efficient private market and you find that prices are pretty in line with rich countries around the world . 
  another example of a good private medical market in the us is eye surgery . 
  prices are fairly competitive and in line with global standards because they have to be up front about pricing , and it 's generally people paying their own money . 
  i 'm not an advocate for more privatization or more public in general , there are smart and dumb ways to do both . 
  i just think that saying one or the other is the problem for everything is not taking a look at the real problem . 
  ( wow ... this rant got to be a lot longer than i thought ), 
  we are olive oil brethren . 
  surely this must be directed at those butter heathens . 
  so yeah , 14 payments help big companies by allowing them to hold on to liquidity longer since they have departments dedicated to handling cash flows . 
  it hurts small companies that only employ a few people because salaries are a large part of their expenses and it 's much harder to get borrowed money if you have to pay more at one time . 
  yeah , it also means i get more cash available to me earlier . 
  say i save up and want to spend on something in june , i like having the freedom to actually have the cash myself rather than having to use credit because the company gets to have what is essentially a free loan from me . 
  not that it matter right now with such low interest rates , but it 's actually pretty notable when rates go up . 
  do n't the balkans have a strong culture of home ownership ? 
  while yes , housing will also be much cheaper but it 's still a huge store of wealth . 
  these graphs usually end up as some combination of local housing prices and local home ownership rates since that 's the vast majority of most people 's stored wealth . 
  fair enough ... i 've only ever had 12 . 
  that said ... i still having my money when i earn it better . 
  and it 's definitely better for the business , too since it makes cash flow a lot smoother through the year . 
  i get 12 and prefer it that way . 
  i 'd rather have the ability to budget my money on my own terms . 
  also , it means you do n't get tied to a shitty employer a month or two before your extra payment waiting for it . 
  oh ... i had no idea ... i thought it was just saying to take them as a pastime , as in taking them for their own sake . 
  well , i mean it 's `` pasatiempo '' in spanish and `` pastime '' in english ... so i would imagine it 's pretty common . 
  the german attacks were generally not orgainzed from a high level . 
  i mean , they 're happy to have more attacks in general but if they organize it ... they 're going for maximum effectiveness . 
  and germany is probably a good place to incite large amounts of `` clash of civilizations '' type feelings . 
  daesh would love it if afd won in germany . 
  i mean , they want a reaction by countries that will send military forces . 
  they are after a war of civilizations . 
  that 's why france and uk are still probably the greatest targets . 
   there was a point in time where there was a whole set of social conventions associated with physically visiting someone , like the use of the calling card . 
  now i know why it 's called a * tarjeta de visita * . 
   why did russia see it fit to instigate division in ukraine over entry into the eu ? 
  this is actually fairly simple . 
  russia saw ukraine straying from its sphere of influence and nato wo n't accept countries with territorial disputes so by playing its cards how it did , they avoid having ukraine become a nato member for the foreseeable future . 
  the rest basically fits that narrative . 
  also , they really do feel like crimea is somehow `` theirs '' historically and it 's not a ridiculous argument either despite having no legal backing ( it was just an administrative transfer between ssrs in the 50s ) . 
  that 's why they went into donetsk , that way even if ukraine accepts crimea is gone , there 's still territorial dispute . 
  i have no idea exactly what happened , but there 's no indication that they even tried to just approach and see what was going on . 
  it 's worth knowing exactly what happened . 
  i have no idea where they were , but have you been to algeciras bay ? 
  the spaces are fairly tight and this all happens close to shore . 
  this could have easily been a 2-3 person crew that just drifted 50m the wrong direction and did n't have anyone manning the radio at the moment . 
  guardia civil will go extra close to the edge just trying to prove what 's theirs , but i really doubt a research vessel is all that bothered . 
  this is n't some high speed chase or anything , they could have just gone up beside them and literally asked what they thought they were doing rather than shoot flares at them . 
  i would imagine also working with the large us base there that just happens to be right next to yemen . 
  it was a shared monarch but never annexed . 
  that 's incorrect ... y axis is the unit cost of construction in 2010 usd . 
  it 's showing that s. korea is building a ton of plants recently and they are doing it at very reasonable costs . 
  interesting things ... you can see when three mile island happened in the us based on the costs and you can see chernobyl based on the global rate of construction in general . 
  while spain has corruption problems , they are much higher level than people getting basic services or where an average citizen would interact with the government as well as taxes .
