  they just have a solid industrial policy . 
  well , given how airberlin is doing , sch\u00f6nfield may end up being more than enough . 
  i mean , germany is known for manufacturing engineering , i do n't know that that necessarily translates to megaproject management . 
  well really , i 'm in the epc business and i know for a fact it does n't . 
  given how ber is going , i 'm going to be shocked if it actually opens before 2020 . 
  i mean , where it 's useful , it 's really effective as basically being a huge amount of capacity on trunk routes to busy , congested airports , london to hong kong and singapore really comes to mind . 
  it seems airlines that use them are generally quite happy , it 's just that the market is n't anywhere near what airbus thought it would be and it also appears there 's basically no second hand market for the aircraft either ( at least from mh trying to get rid of theirs ) my suspicion is that the line will stay open for a very long time since you ca n't un-develop the aircraft and they do make marginal profits on sales , but airbus is just going to have to recognize a one-time hit for the loss of a lot of the development costs . 
  and manufacture could be as slow as 4-6 per year , but i do see that lasting a long time since there is a business case for them . 
  and the long and thin aircraft airbus is betting on is n't the a320neo but the 330neo for smaller long haul and the 350 for larger capacity needs . 
  the 320 family does n't really compete in the same markets at all and the 321neo maybe considered for shorter long haul trips and will almost definitely make transatlantic crossings , but i doubt that will be too heavy in a lot of long haul flying that has lots of fixed costs to make it so higher capacity aircraft are preferred . 
  where did i say anything about `` leftists '' ? 
  i 'm saying it 's perfectly solvable on a case by case basis taking everyone 's needs into account without having to make a big spectacle about it which would make the issue much more effective in the first place . 
  if you look at the us , the right did the same shit with the exact same issue with the whole bathroom bill when the reality of `` which bathroom to use '' was n't really causing issues in the first place , even to those affected . 
  but they made a big show about it to show their voters they were on their side , culturally . 
  just in case you really are this dense , the `` problem '' being having to assign bathrooms being that you can just have that kid use a private bathroom and it 's now not a problem anymore . 
  i 'm not speaking to any sort of ideology . 
  honestly , yes . 
  i 100 % prefer trump to palin . 
  and i fucking hate trump . 
  trump has at least shown ability to manage organizations in general . 
  palin was a mayor of a town with 7,000 people and had to resign in scandal because she could n't handle being a governor . 
  we do n't know exactly what it is , but if it were a `` problem '' with the engines , then it would be between rr and airbus . 
  as it is , either ek wants something reconfigured different than ordered or they are just using it as an excuse since they have been looking to slow down their pace for awhile and it benefits pretty much everyone . 
  so here 's where being an american helps . 
  the right in the us actually is a lot like the right in spain . 
  there is a massive split between the people who would be economically right and socially right , but due to the nature of us elections , you only win if you can keep everyone in the same party . 
  ( see ross perot in the 90s ) . 
  this split became very apparent when the 1960s basically broke the old social order that was largely race-based . 
  what happens is that both factions tend to take it to extremes in order to best pull the party in their way , this is where the whole `` libertarian '' thing comes from for the economically right leaning people . 
  the social right tends to be very religious and has had lots of names over the years . 
  nixon was able to keep both groups together but it was a much less formal coalition , but his `` southern strategy '' explicitly went after white , religious conservatives that previously identified with the democrats largely on racial grounds . 
  after nixon crashed and burned , the right took a bit to get reorganized but then came moral majority which helped to get reagan and the first president bush elected . 
  by the time that fell apart , there was a split and that 's what brought about ross perot as i mentioned in both 92 and 96 . 
  in 2000 and 2004 , bush won by being able to unite both groups and keep them both functionally happy . 
  so now we are at 2008 and mccain has the problem of not really being trusted by the religious right ( the tea party has yet to exist as that would later be created by fox news ... yeah , seriously ) , so he needs someone that can help get them to actually go vote since it was clear obama was a strong candidate . 
  so while there were many options , he picked her as a sort of get out the vote message not really giving a shit about her qualifications . 
  her biggest issues were that she was fairly young , good looking , speaks with a crazy rural accent , and most importantly carried a downs baby to term which shows her commitment to being against abortion ( a lot of the left does n't get how important abortion is to the right , just like in spain ) well ... she motivated the religious right massively and then continued to incite and became the face of the newly formed tea party and all that . 
  and the whole time in the background the important thing to remember is that both politicians and the citizens are getting increasingly polarized so that by this year , even trump is able to win , granted he did have pence to help but just not being a democrat is now enough to win a huge amount of the country . 
  that ended up being a lot longer than i thought . 
  i felt the same about him , up until he decided sarah palin was an appropriate backup plan . 
  i considered voting for him in that election but she quickly persuaded me not to . 
   the delay stems from an agreement between emirates and engine supplier rolls-royce group holdings , the release said . 
  so it sounds like it 's emirates doing the delaying ( not that airbus has too much of a problem with it ) while the headline seems to imply it 's a problem on airbus ' end . 
  realistically , i think the iran order failing really put the whole program in a bad spot and slowing down production benefits both airbus and emirates to give some breathing room while trying to figure out what to do next . 
  if they were willing to convert a bunch of orders to 350s and run a 3 aircraft fleet , it might be good for airbus overall but be the death knell of the a380 program . 
  it would also be a firm sign that modern aviation values longer and generally smaller aircraft ( not that the 77x/350 -1000 are going to be small or anything ) compared to massive capacity . 
  those these aircraft certainly have their place and i suspect will be flying for decades , the question is if they were worth the development costs ( and the answer is still `` no '' , but it 's far from the disaster some people like to paint it as ) . 
  yeah , you could end apartheid but you ca n't just end race-based politics . 
  and when the black vote will go primarily to a single party basically no matter what and they are the majority ... is anyone really surprised when that party is then corrupt as fuck . 
  yeah , this is classic identity politics . 
  show your voters you are doing something , even if it 's solving a problem that does n't really exist in the first place . 
  the situation is rare enough that if it gets sticky , you just let that kid use a private bathroom and that 's that . 
  i 'd still be curious to see how many of the victims and perpetrators are portuguese for the algarve . 
  obviously in the vast amount of cases things getting out of hand is a simple fight , but it only takes a couple times of getting to killing someone to really skew the statistics . 
  dealing with low level drug stuff is n't a `` us '' thing but on the individual states and there is massive variation about how that 's treated . 
  just saying you ca n't generalize it as much as you are . 
  both austin and san francisco are n't really representative samples of the whole state . 
  is n't a big problem the massive amount of drunken brits coming into faro combined with the low population so that a single drunken brawl gone too far will really spike the rate . 
  i met a russian guy that lamented the fall of communism because it meant he could no longer use an official post to get subsidized fuel and then resell it . 
  he failed to see how that was corruption and also failed to see why society would n't be better off if everyone did what he did . 
  i mean , at least when people are corrupt here , they understand they are stealing shit . 
  also haiti . 
   not to mention that an educated person can understand french if they speak spanish and english as an american immigrant to spain ... this is laughably false . 
  i mean , i can kind of get french sometimes , but that 's from spending half a year in france . 
  granted catalans have it a bit easier , but it 's still not intelligible at all . 
  it 's perfectly possible to have two `` first '' languages . 
  it 's why i like to say ` native ' rather than ` first ', 
  yeah , i would say french is a very strong number 2 . 
  being a professional diplomat should require knowing both english and french . 
  do they have official status ? 
  there are other languages in spain , too but they are non-official and marginal . 
  asturian/leonese probably being the most prominent example . 
  because gas means buying from russia while germany has coal domestically . 
  i mean i 'm from the us and have experience with guns . 
  you do n't just shoot out tires . 
  like it does n't work that way in the vast majority of situations and where it does usually a knife or other means are more effective . 
  as far as trying to shoot someone non lethally , it 's clear that you do n't have experience with actually hitting a moving target in a stressful situation . 
  you ca n't just aim for a smaller target and then wait 5-10 seconds to see if it had any effect . 
  pistols do n't work at all like the movies or tv and their use is to kill . 
  if you do n't want to kill . 
  use a more responsible tool . 
  i 'm not convinced of decline in intelligence . 
  i think tech has just made stupid and simplistic arguments much more prominent . 
  getting to an influential position used to mean passing through gatekeeper institutions like prestigious universities . 
  and being enough on the outside of the group was enough to get your voice silenced . 
  i honestly do n't know what 's better . 
  aside from libya and deep into the algerian sahara where few people live , they are hardly `` some of the most violent and dangerous places on the planet '' . 
  tunisia , algeria , and morocco are perfectly safe countries . 
  eh the colonies were barely able to come together in the first place . 
  it could have easily ended up as a few different countries . 
  warning shots should never be used in situations like this . 
  that means you have decided to use lethal force . 
  the use of lethal force should be lethal . 
  if you are n't trying to kill them you should n't use a firearm period . 
  obviously killing becomes necessary from time to time and entering an airport with a car in a country with terrorism problems is pushing it but i do n't know what they knew . 
  i had no volume on and thought `` if this does n't have yakety sax as music , it 's a failure '' turned on the volume ... success !, 
  but yeah ... i 'd be running as fast as possible away if i ever saw a car inside a terminal like that , my first thought would be islamist car bomb . 
  true , and i do n't want to get too much into what-ifs here but i ca n't imagine it would be that way if france had n't been kicked out of n. america prior to the war . 
  they likely would have helped the rebellion in the colonies and probably have gotten a victory for them , but from there things would likely look very different . 
  i think even the existence of the us is questionable at that point since france would try to divide the colonies against each other to keep their power weaker .
