  except the mortgage payment ca n't go up , and you get to keep some of the value . 
  of course it 's easier to own things outright , but the reality is germans take mortgages at an extraordinarily low rate and i 'm wondering why . 
  mortgages do n't exist in germany ? 
   in germany , you either own property and are wealthy . 
  or you don \u00b4 t and you have to struggle . 
  honest question : why do n't people try to own property then ? 
  it seems like even well off families that would greatly benefit from purchasing rather than renting prefer to rent in germany . 
  my experience in france is that people are really , really accepting and are actually quite happy you choose to learn french . 
  that said , that 's for general societal stuff , i do n't know if it would extend to politics . 
  also , note my french is terrible but i can get by and people are almost always very happy to help . 
  we just formed a government and while it 's only been a month ... it appears actually having a real multi-party system actually helps keeps things reasonable . 
  who would have imagined ? 
  both of the leftist parties have some internal issues , but it 's a stable government , at least for now . 
  number of governments is not really a measure of stability , imo . 
  especially in a bureaucratic state where those governments are intentionally weak ( something one of those governments wanted to change ... shocking ) . 
  i very much consider myself not a populist . 
  i read and mostly agree with the economist , i support ciudadanos in spain , i think renzi is a good leader . 
  i would have voted no , i think the weakness of the government is a feature , not a bug . 
  italy is n't as dysfunctional as a lot of people seem to think and the problems that do exist do n't seem to me to be a problem of strength of central government . 
  spain has a problem with competitivity , and it 's understandable to think it comes from wages , but wages are probably one of the biggest advantages of spain . 
  the problem is in streamlining the bureaucratic issues of doing business . 
  you have to pay something like 250 $ monthly if you want to be self employed or run a company no matter if you make money or not , which is reasonable for full time work but makes it really difficult for people to start things on the side and really messes with the riskiness of a project . 
  it 's entirely possible to live on the minimum wage in many parts of spain . 
  the thing is it should be set regionally , a livable wage in madrid is definitely not the same as teruel . 
  yeah , it 's worth remembering the average worker is going to be in their 40s which is definitely not the reddit demographic . 
  it 's effectively the same thing . 
  yeah , there was the weird argument for default so you could spend more deficit . 
  i mean , how do you argue that beyond just ... `` that 's not how any of this works '' ? 
  i get the impression a lot of greeks honestly do n't understand how deficit spending works . 
  not saying this as any sort of an insult , i would imagine most people everywhere do n't really think about government finances in the slightest . 
  but it just sounds like he honestly thought that that greece had a right to sell bonds at a low rate or something . 
  he seemed all sorts of delusional . 
  varoufakis understood but was for a full default and i just get the idea he ( edit : tsipras ) was n't really aware of what exactly that would mean . 
  i mean , she has managed to kill the whole chamart\u00edn thing to save ... i do n't know , a bunch of open air train tracks . 
  also the management of the whole calder\u00f3n project and edificio de espa\u00f1a . 
  i do actually agree that diesel needs to go , i think mass promotion of diesel is the biggest single policy mistake in europe . 
  it 's prioritizing a very slight effect in the reduction of global carbon emissions over very real and acute local health effects . 
  it is fixable , los angeles dealt with the same issues and fixed it starting back in the 80s . 
  but the fact is personal transport should not be diesel . 
  yes electric is best in this case , but electric cars still are n't practical for a huge number of people . 
  well , carmena said it ... if they actually do anything about it is another question . 
  it would hurt a lot of her voters . 
  i think they should just let the price of the fuel reflect the market price ( which is that petrol is cheaper than diesel ) by taxing them all the same and let the market handle it as that would lead to a lot fewer diesels . 
  it may be that i have basically zero exposure to catalan except for the random speeches on the news , but my brain like shuts down when i hear it and i 'll get words here or there and maybe a sentence , but yeah , written i can mostly read it no problem . 
  italian is just weird . 
  like i 'll understand a sentence or two perfectly , then it just goes into random sounds for a bit and will come back and i 'll understand again . 
  it 's really rare that i 'll get a single word out of italian , but rather i get a whole phrase or i get nothing . 
  i feel like i 'm a radio receiver slowly losing reception or something . 
  how can it take 3 years for an italian to learn spanish ? 
  it 's already almost at mutual intelligibility . 
  i probably understand italian better than catalan and way better than portuguese . 
  with that logic , belgium should be much higher . 
  pretty much every flemish person i have met also speaks french . 
  also ... monetary policy . 
  the germans are dogmatic about it and beliefs like their `` no inflation ever '' are bad because they do n't allow flexibility of thought . 
  like yeah , you might need a responsibly expansionist policy after a demand collapse but the germans see the same medicine no matter what the problem is with monetary policy . 
  they 're not in the us either considering the minimum wage is $ 7.25 per hour which is over a thousand dollars a month at 35 hours a week . 
  in the us that is 100 % not a livable wage ... but it doable , at least in spain . 
  hey regular trendline ... we 're coming for you !, 
  i came within about 20 cm of hitting a damned wild hog a week or so ago while going 100 km/h . 
  it would have very easily thrown me off the road from losing control . 
  i wonder how much fauna comes into play in these . 
  as someone from the us , i 'm just happy the word `` moose '' is used rather than those dastardly brits and their `` elk '' . 
  elk is clearly a different animal that is just like a large deer and has nothing to do with those goddamned moose . 
  ( and yes , they are one of the few wild animals in europe that frighten me for their aggressiveness and ability to fuck shit up ), 
  the guy looks pretty good for 83 , too . 
  she was well into middle age when wwii ended . 
  that 's a long life . 
  we are n't some tropical country , you know . 
  i prefer that , too ... but i see that as an unrealistic goal given everything else going on . 
  a banking union would really help cement `` ever closer union '' and be even more of a marriage than the euro was in making sure that the problem does get resolved eventually . 
  that 's basically been the mo of the eu . 
  raise the stakes with a reasonable policy without implementing the needed , but unpopular , reforms , when those reforms become needed you 're in too deep to go backwards so you get what needed to happen in the first place . 
  both brexit and trump were well within polling margins . 
  as was the last tory victory in the uk , too . 
  people take polls as being a much more exact science than they are . 
  the + / - a couple of percentage points is really , really important . 
  i 'm ok with stability right now ... 
  i really just want a banking union and common defense more than anything as a short term goal . 
  lots of oil money in aberdeen . 
   the odds of a democracy opting to create or recreate even a figurehead monarch is nil however spain says hi . 
  without knowing how that situation will turn out . 
  do n't burn bridges you may need later . 
  does every country have one of these ? 
  in spain , it 's debatable about if teruel actually exists . 
  ( but seriously it 's a fairly large province and has 140,000 people , that 's less than my single neighborhood in madrid ), 
  rufi\u00e1n is such a dumbass . 
  he likes to say things that get him attention more than helping his party . 
  like how he went off on the psoe but given how things are , there 's a not insignificant chance of being able to go with them to form a new government if things go wrong in the future . 
  in stead ... he nuked it from orbit and depending on how things go ... there 's a path that could lead to negotiating a catalan referendum , but he basically fucked that up because he wanted to make a scene more than anything . 
  cospedal was absolutely right to just not deal with him . 
  they generally do n't go abroad to countries with comparable costs . 
  lots of people go to mexico or costa rica . 
  but you wo n't see that many going to canada for dental . 
  that sort of arbitrage is just a cost of living thing and not an overall market inefficiency . 
  ( unless you 're the type to see national borders as market failures in and of themselves , but that 's not really relevant ), 
  those patents derived are also good in europe . 
  it 's not like europe is some land devoid of ip protection . 
  i think it might be reasonable to say that we subsidize india and china who just do n't give a shit and start manufacturing generics immediately but it 's not like europe is n't a major player in the pharma game ( bayer , novartis , az , gsk just as a few examples ) . 
  the biggest issue is that medicare is prohibited by law from negotiating prices which is basically as anti-market as it gets .
