  ( i 'm american myself btw ) people put so much into imagining how a place will be and honestly , american tourists in europe are generally well viewed . 
  at least here we are comparing to the loads of british tourists which has a huge working class component as well . 
  nobody hates you for your government , we all hate our governments . 
  and honestly , it 's kind of endearing hearing people not being able to speak the language but manage to get some sort of communication across anyway . 
  but yeah , being a foreigner is fine , just do n't act like an ass . 
  the piece of dirt you live on does n't really matter . 
  that said , us culture has an outsized influence a lot of people have been so they like to talk about it as a common experience , so the us thing is usually a conversation starter at least . 
  is n't this similar to the french system ? 
  but that does n't matter if they are in europe or not , hence why french guyana is a part of the eu . 
  and i just realized the ~ ~ second ~ ~ * third * longest single border of an eu/non-eu country is france/brazil ( after norway/sweden ) . 
  edit : forgot the ridiculously long croatia/bosnia border . 
  you 're on !, 
  last one to the competiton ... wins ? 
  how does gibraltar fit into that ? 
  i thought they were n't in the eu , but apparently are . 
  but it 's not a choice . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable that both are considered a mother tongue . 
  the problem is politics gets into this and people do n't want to consider themselves native spanish . 
  but that has nothing to do with being a native spanish speaker . 
  if you grew up being able to speak spanish at a native level , it is considered a mother tongue . 
  language at home does n't necessarily matter . 
  all the chinese children i see in madrid that speak perfect * castellano * because they are raised here certainly have spanish as a native language , even though they may also have mandarin . 
  i would n't be shocked if more than half the world has more than 1 native tongue , with the language diversity in asia/africa/america, 
  from a linguistic point of view , it 's not an either/or thing . 
  it 's entirely possible to have two languages as mother tounges . 
  very few people under the age of 75 would not be considered native spanish speakers . 
  that just has to do with how the languages are . 
  portugese has many more sounds than spanish and since the languages are relatively similar , we just sound like retarded people to them , but they do understand without being able to speak spanish . 
  a spanish speaker pretty much ca n't understand spoken portuguese at all , though i can pick up a newspaper and pretty much understand 85 % of what i 'm reading . 
  the vast majority catalans/basques/galicians have spanish as a mother tounge . 
  it 's entirely possible to have more than 1 l1 . 
  the numbers are from the vast numbers of romanians/moroccans/chinese that have learned spanish . 
  i myself have immigrated and had to learn spanish . 
  it 's a huge percentage of the population . 
   catalan and galician are n't that hard to understand . 
  yes they are . 
  catalan i can maybe pick up a small bit of , but i honestly find italian easier to understand . 
  spanish is just really strict about what sounds there are and it 's difficult to hear other , subtler sounds . 
  i have an advantage as a native english speaker in that regard as well . 
  that said , pretty much everyone also speaks spanish . 
  i am orginially from the us so it 's kind of the opposite . 
  spanish is the default language and not that many people really keep up with it . 
  i got pretty decent before i moved to spain , but really my fluency comes pretty much entirely from my daily life here . 
  is it similar to spanish and portugese where the portuguese understand us reasonably well , but it 's just really difficult to understand portuguese as a spanish speaker ? 
  it means that it may become inflamed if it makes sense that way . 
  i 'm saying that the well managed economies on the euro are doing great . 
  having a currency worth artificially less is a good thing for a country , especially a country like the uk that exports a lot of services . 
  not op , but i 'm not an eu citizen . 
  it would n't be hell without schengen , but it would be goddamned irritating . 
  passport checks on non-citizens have gotten stricter recently as well ( good thing ) , but even with my residence card , i get every page scrutinized from time to time . 
  not joining the euro is the biggest mistake the uk has made . 
  being a rich country having other countries keep your currency artificial low is a huge advantage . 
  germany is doing fantastically and a huge part is the euro . 
  all of the uk 's services would be relatively cheaper on the global market without the pound keeping prices high . 
  that 's a political problem and basically what nato does right now . 
  if you wa n't a combat soldier , you need to have the 10 soldiers running logistics to support him/her or whatever the ratio is . 
  the way western minilaries are oraganized at the moment is basically that people can support the us mission but nobody can do anything on their own really . 
  i think this really is n't the best way to go about things , but watching people get defensive about it does n't fix the problem, 
  i mentioned this , but it 's worth mentioning as a top level comment that the 2011 numbers have greece with the lowest suicide rate in the oecd . 
  source : www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/health-at-a-glance-2013.pdf page 37, 
  i believe greece has one of the lowest suicide rates in the world , actually . 
  all the way at home . 
  the advantage of native english . 
  also approximately 80 % of the rest of the spanish web is forocoches . 
  if things get much more heated i would n't be surprised if a carrier group parks in the black sea . 
  you know , just to see what 's going on . 
  so you are admitting to basing your views on what you read on the internet and not having traveled ? 
  i 'm an american and i now live permanently in the eu and i can assure you i have only been hassled once about it by an extremely drunk fellow who was belligerent and would have found fault with the color of my shirt otherwise . 
  the difference of `` i do n't understand some of your politics '' and `` i do n't like you as a people '' is very profound and there may be a lot of the former ( that also exists between european countries ) i have found the latter to be pretty much non-existent . 
  it would happen , but the issue is after iraq and afghanistan , the war would be generally unpopular in the us , but if the us is attacked directly it will sell easier . 
  the russians also know this so us presence is , in a way , a deterrent as well . 
  if it 's done wrong it 's not great , but if it 's done correctly ( privatise after recouping investment ) then it promotes much more economic efficiency and is a good way for public infrastructure projects with huge capex to get built and maintained well indefinitely . 
  they look to be truly cooperating on the nuclear issue and if they keep it up they can pretty effectively drive a wedge in between the eu and the us position . 
  smart on their part . 
  i was n't aware of any sort of fiscal transfer for border security but i would be happy to learn that such a scheme exists . 
  part of the idea of schengen was a common border so i do n't think it 's unreasonable for a common border force . 
  at the very least that a lot of the bill for expensive security should be helped by countries that may not be directly on the border . 
  the whole idea of schengen means that the fence in ceuta is also the border for berlin and stockholm yet the crisis hit southern countries have to deal with most of the fallout . 
  edit : apparently this fund exists so any debate is just about appropriate funding and allocation which is much more boring . 
  yeah , it 's shitty here , especially with lowering wages and high personal debt loads in general . 
  that said saying the euro threat was mistaken is probably wrong . 
  the uk could probably be even more propserous if it had the euro keeping forex rates in check rather than having to make international sales profitable in sterling . 
  i am , of course , happy that the value is not being pushed up even further , but from a uk perspective , passing on the $ was a big mistake . 
  the euro is the best thing that ever happened to the industrial countries on it . 
  having other countries artificially keep your currency value down is a great deal for industrial economies . 
  i am a us citizen and i would say the huge number of states is actually one of the main problems for why things are n't working there right now . 
  i think everyone would be much better off if it were 4 or 5 countries . 
  the us works like that . 
  see wyomig vs. california . 
  `` awkward '' can be anything from * torpe * to * verg\u00fcenza ajena * . 
  it 's such a vague and specific term that it just does n't have an equivalent word in spanish . 
  of course you can translate each specific occurance pretty well , but not with a single word and there 's no real term that encompasses that whole uneasy feeling of something that 's not quite right . 
  i rembember there used to be like 20 mile stretches of straight-up slolemning on i-65 between chicago and indanapolis . 
  that has gotten fixed though but pothole dodging is still way too common and just seen as something that is normal . 
  at least in the midwest and east coast where i am from . 
  what do you mean `` where i 'm from ? '' . 
  i grew up around the midwest and east coast us . 
  so yes , to varying degrees there is is horribly normal . 
  in spain it would be considered a shameful road and the fact that potholes are around much at all now is generally seen as a sign of the economic crisis . 
  of course extremely rural roads can go either way , but aside from having to go slow from being narrow and windy , they are still generally better maintained than main roads in the us .
