  you will see lots of people with `` smoking kills '' rather than `` fumar mata '' on their packs down that way . 
  a lot of it is ridiculous , but it is true that smuggling , specifically tobacco and alcohol , is a huge issue . 
  it 's really obvious that gib does n't care and just likes the extra revenue as well or they would work with spain to put reasonable limits on purchases . 
  if you 've ever seen the bp right after you cross the airport , you 'd understand . 
  eh , i just use my work phone . 
  what i 'm most impressed with about the border between spain and gibraltar is how they manage to get international roaming as soon as you cross that line . 
  seriously , it 's like 50 meters that way but they for sure have you on their networks . 
  they seem to like it because it comes with a decent amount of autonomy and a us passport . 
   third , if they had fundamentally sound finances , then why did they have to cut back at all ? 
  why did the ecb not give them emergency credit ? 
  first , it was anathema to trichet . 
  then draghi had to find the predominantly german mentality that anything that might possible incur any sort of inflation is not the devil . 
  lots of people have been arguing for a european qe for a long time and now that it 's finally here , spanish bonds have actually gone to negative yields . 
  well effective personal bankruptcy is on the table this election . 
  ciudadanos is big on talking about reform of financial laws , basing a lot of views on the usa . 
  for me , a really good thing , for all the faults of the country ( and believe me , i 'm an american that left ) the laws regarding finances are generally a very good model . 
  i generally agree with the fact that sometimes austerity is necessary . 
  however i still maintain it was n't the best path forward as ecb demonstrably buying bonds starting in 2009 or 2010 would have helped a lot of the government side of things . 
  but honestly the elephant in the room is still housing that looks like it might finally be bottoming out . 
  the reason it 's taking so long is the absolutely shitty mortgage laws and personal bankruptcy is such a broken system so people walking away from underwater mortgages is impossible even after they have been evicted and the place has been repo 'd . 
  in the us where the house is the collateral for the loan and if the bank bets bad ... well tough , people just walked away , took the hit to their credit gave the bank the keys and started over . 
  this gave an incentive to get the toxicity out of the system and find bottom asap . 
  the incentive for the banks here is to individually prolong each problem . 
  the problem is it creates problems for the economy as a whole . 
  if all the banks were to just write off bad debt , it would get things recovered so much faster , but it 's an impossible thing to ask as it is to the advantage of each bank to be the one that does n't write it off and keeps trying to collect . 
  i am on the corporate side and i can say , unequivocally , that this employment recovery is very real . 
  the problem lies in that these things never go all that fast and the people that need help the most are usually the last to feel the effects . 
  i have no official data backing me up , but i am seeing employment in the corporate sector skyrocket . 
  as we get big contracts , our suppliers are getting contracts and slowly ramping up and then their suppliers and all the services that cater to all of us . 
  we are traveling a lot more and you can tell iberia is expanding services all over the place . 
  i have always said when spain turns the corner it will skyrocket . 
  that does n't mean wages will necessarily rise at the same rate but there will be more jobs as spain becomes a sort of european version korea ( high tech , low cost ) . 
  it looks like this year i 'll finally get to see if i 'm right or not . 
  i 'm betting by the end of the year unemployment is dropping by more than a percent each quarter . 
  ( not that any government has all that much to do with it , but business here has gotten very good at being very lean ), 
  they are detained in the country where they are trying to illegally gain access . 
  free to not stay . 
  there is no human right to live in whatever country you want . 
  love is the wrong word . 
  dedication to queuing is what marks a brit . 
  we just kind of form a mass of people , ask who is last and go after them . 
  seriously , half of my day is bullshitting over coffee breaks . 
  that said , it is actually getting a lot of the `` soft '' side of things done . 
  kind of like working lunches all the time . 
  i say it 's cheap for some of the nicest areas of a major global city . 
  it can be only slightly more expensive in the suburbs of madrid as well . 
  even in the center , 400k can get you a very decent place . 
  and that 's in a major world capital . 
  you can get a room in a shared flat in the cities for like 300 $ a month . 
  not exactly `` fucking expensive '' . 
  the rest of the factors are certainly more true now . 
  but it 's been true for a long time , people just do n't feel a need to move out if it 's not strictly necessary . 
  i 've seen people just start to instinctively hear the difference , but it almost always requires a time away in an immersion environment . 
  in english the main difference between accents is vowels and intonation since most consonants stay pretty much the same . 
  it 's why some people have such a hard time describing why one accent is easier over another because an ear that has only ever heard 5 vowels just ca n't pick it up that easily . 
  in fairness , those names are from catalan and basque respectively . 
  it would be `` javi '' in spanish . 
   i have to put up with tens of vowels that sound the same but they are considered different sounds . 
  this always amuses me as a native english speaker how truly bad so many spanish people are at hearing vowel sounds . 
  it was best described to me as similar to when western people learn asian tonal languages . 
  it just sounds completely the same until you `` get '' it and then all of a sudden you wonder how you ever confused them . 
  at least around here `` muslim '' basically means `` moroccan immigrant '' so people will answer with how they feel about low wage immigration . 
  there has to be some sort of middle ground . 
  at least in spain there are tons of people trying to cross from morocco . 
  now if you try to claim asylum you need to do it in the first safe country and morocco would certainly qualify . 
  the problem is they are n't actually after asylum , but rather economic opportunities . 
  i do n't say this to fault anyone , as i would do the same thing in their situation but europe just ca n't allow an open door policy and maintain social welfare states . 
  at least in spain , i think it 's reasonable to deny claims of asylum from people entering from morocco due to morocco being fully capable of handling the situation . 
  so you have a judge determine that they were trying to enter without valid documentation which is an accepted legal reason to return them to their point of departure . 
  if they showed up at an airport with no documentation or no legal right to enter , there would n't even be a question about what to do . 
  the only difference here is scale and the state will probably have to pay for the return boat . 
  it 's like the ultimate hivemind . 
  i do n't actually think about it , but it just would n't be used like that . 
  like i said though , it always needs context . 
  and of course , when i am trying to think of a good example , i ca n't think of anything . 
  also the `` he/she '' solution is just cumbersome . 
  it 's almost always clear with context . 
  i grew up in the us and just speak singular third person `` they '' without even thinking about it . 
  basically ... yeah . 
  a rural cottage vacation home . 
  it 's great if you want a cheap second home . 
  ecb could have done some form of debt buyback . 
  granted it was political suicide and went contrary to everything trichet ever believed in . 
  rather than straight up lending money through the imf , having the ecb buy toxic eur denominated debt is n't a terrible idea , except nobody would be willing to sign on to it ... but you know . 
  isis is n't actually after attacks in europe . 
  they may sympathize with them and be against western countries in general . 
  but the biggest threat on european soil is still al qaeda and the groups operating mainly in yemen . 
  ( they hate each other , too ), 
  lgw south is pretty decent . 
  the united states had government austerity but very expansionist monetary policy . 
  there was a big federal push in 2009 but state and local governments were tightening for a long time . 
  sure they can . 
  visa policy is set at the national level . 
  residence in an eu country does not grant you freedom of movement rights . 
  that depends on the country . 
  for example in germany many people may not want to give up their original citizenship as is required to get german citizenship , as they may want to eventually retire in their home country . 
  a pretty understandable position . 
  by law spain does n't allow dual citizenship with a lot of countries either . 
  ( in practice though , it 's not really enforced like in germany ), 
   that is schengen but if i live in an eu country , i do have the right to live and work in any other eu country .
