  can you even imagine that horror ? 
  if the product was somehow not what they negotiated for in the contract they might have a case for a civil suit . 
  but they get exactly what they pay for at a price they agree to pay contractually . 
  in no way does that argument get any sort of criminal involvement . 
  especially as it 's an international contract so the contract will include forced arbitration in the event of a dispute , specifically to avoid any national court system . 
  eh ... that 's a lot shakier ground to me . 
  what a private us organization is willing to pay to a foreign entity for rights to something should n't really fall under the us government unless bribery is directly involved in that deal . 
  and it would n't be since they can just charge more and have it be a perfectly legitimate transaction . 
  i do n't think i would consider the use of an american bank account to conduct illegal transactions a `` slight '' connection with regards to jurisdiction . 
  the internet thing maybe but if you are using accounts with us jurisdiction to conduct illegal business under your control , that seems like pretty decent grounds to go after them . 
  also , it 's insane that mad-bcn is that high as they have less than half of the public transport traffic between the cities . 
  ave traffic has more than half of it . 
  though it might be that frequent business flyers like to stick to a single airline and though bcn has a lot of connections , they are n't a hub for anyone so if you want iberia benefits , you have to fly to madrid . 
  i addressed this in the scotland question but what is `` london '' ? 
  typically a route is counted as between two airports so dublin to london is actually dub-lhr , dub-lgw , dub-lcy , dub-ltn , dub-stn , dub-sen you can see how that would dilute the numbers a bit . 
  vat is different than a sales tax . 
  the us can actually end up being way worse if you pay tax all the way down the line since you pay at each transaction . 
  depends on how you measure i guess . 
  the problem is if you are measuring lon traffic ( all the airports or just specific airports ) even in scotland gla and edi are close enough to each other to take traffic from each other . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure ist-adb is the busiest route . 
  if we include turkey ( istanbul-izmir ), 
  anything that 's about manufacturing cheaper is already in china . 
  us and european manufacturing is about the quality and added values . 
  labor costs are pretty similar on a global scale . 
  yeah , i hardly ever go to baleares but i go to valencia all the time so i 'm used to the valencian thing . 
  like ... i get it ... eixada and sortida are different words, 
  the way the system is set up . 
  they basically ca n't get power save some extreme regional parry but that seems like a very remote possibility . 
  let me tell you this way . 
  last night would have had pp with majorities in the us system . 
  fptp with huge districts . 
  i am . 
  it is completely unworkable with the current us system . 
  i am . 
  it is completely unworkable with the current us system . 
  same general deal . 
  generally pretty happy as part of spain and will often argue that they speak majorcan ? 
  ( i have no idea what it would be in english * mallorqu\u00ed * in spanish ), 
  the way crash testing is done makes it difficult to have a model for sale in both markets . 
  it 's not that one is better or worse , but they are different from a very fundamental engineering level . 
  edit : see [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1u4zet/friends_car_just_did_this/ceepx9f?context=2 ) . 
  also , remember that most of the middle of spain is really fucking empty so the vast majority of what you are seeing are rural votes . 
  valencia has a strong regional identity , but they are generally quite happy to be part of a larger spain . 
  in fact , you often get an earful if you refer to the language in valencia as catalan and then you have to get into the merits of if valencian is a separate language or not and it 's just not worth it . 
  valencia and catalonia do n't really follow the same path politically at all . 
  galicia is another region with a very strong identity and language but quite happy as a part of the rest of spain . 
  this will never happen . 
  1 ) from a legal basis expulsion of a different people under a different government by conquest is a different ballgame than the expulsion by tribunals and laws on the successor state of the current government . 
  2 ) no way spain opens its borders to moroccans . 
  it 's just never going to happen politically . 
  3 ) most people have no idea about the sephardi residence law and there 's only a couple million total and most will want to live in israel/us so it will be a very small percentage of immigration . 
  it 's a token move nobody actually cares about . 
  `` hippie '' would be an alright translation . 
  think of the `` urban tribe '' types with dreads and all that , generally very anti-captialist . 
  i imagine it does n't exist so much in e. europe as youth rebellion would be to go right rather than left . 
  i have said time and again that the us has fantastic laws in general regarding home purchasing and it 's basically that you have to have 20 % down payment or buy insurance for the mortgage should anything go wrong . 
  that way the bank is automatically protected from day 0 with a minimum 20 % cushion in the value of the asset protecting the loan . 
  it really does a good job of lowering risks to both the banks and the borrowers . 
  if you get a situation like 2008 where the values go so far behind , you just walk away from the mortgage and everyone takes a hell of a loss but the banks have an incentive to write it off quickly . 
  in spain the banks have an incentive to keep the process going as long as possible because they are going to get paid anyway . 
  the unhealthy financial sector is a real drag on the rest of the economy because it prevents a lot of loans to start businesses . 
  not to mention autos . 
  honestly any american competition is already here except for some high end stuff . 
  mustangs will definitely sell for high profit in europe , but it wo n't be all that many . 
  that said , european cars will sell like crazy in america where there actually is a decent market for mid-sized efficient cars . 
  it also has the added benefit of being something new and exotic . 
  kind of mind boggling , but an astra could be seen as `` cool '' . 
  ( granted opel is gm , so it 's kind of going full circle with that example ), 
  honestly , what carmona wants is pretty irrelevant as it 's probably the most powerful piece of what s\u00e1nchez has in negotiations everywhere . 
  that said , i said it 's likely , but it 's not a given and it 's all about who gets what in what region and they may be holding out elsewhere for support . 
  if i were any of the parties i would literally have a giant map with colored legos to see how to play majorities . 
  i was n't alive for the transition ( i did n't even grow up in spain ) but this seems to me to be the same crazy level of bargaining and people just are n't used to how multi-party systems work on this kind of level . 
  i do n't understand it at all . 
  it just makes her look weaker when all she had to do was nothing and wait for last night 's results to start with the bargaining . 
  i think she really wants this over with before the baby comes but i doubt it will be that fast . 
  i generally agree , especially since everyone ( including c 's ) would like to see aguirre gone . 
  but there are a lot of negotiations that need to take place now and we ca n't trust anything until the ink is dry . 
  also worth reminding everyone that psoe and podemos are generally against each other as well , but we 'll see what happens . 
  d\u00edaz has just been weird in the whole andalusia thing being crazy entitled and having random votes when no agreement has been reached . 
  it makes no sense from any sort of perspective other than her pride is hurt . 
   airbnb ... 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  what do we need inspections for here ? 
  well , there is no guarantee that the owner is following basic hygiene for one . 
  try and file an official complaint with a the government regarding business from airbnb . 
  and there are plenty of people that just have flats that are solely for the purpose of renting out online . 
  i do n't know exactly , but from what i have seen , i would n't be surprised if it 's the majority . 
  it also makes it more profitable to rent out an apartment for short term rentals and reduces housing supply and drives up costs . 
  and no , regulation is n't meant to to artificially create even ground , but it still has to be followed and part of that costs money . 
  so just ignoring it by saying it 's a different business model and therefore cheaper is skirting the issue entirely . 
  not to mention they conveniently get around having the renter report their rent to the revenue department so can easily evade taxes on the revenue as well . 
  ( in spain the renter reports what they pay in order to help reduce evasion from property owners renting out ) it may have provided a good experience , but that does n't mean they do n't have to follow the law . 
  all may be a great argument for changing the law , but that still does n't allow a business to operate outside of the existing law . 
   however , they can now , if they feel strongly about voting , apply to become british citizens . 
  that 's putting an unfair burden on someone who is , say , german or spanish with laws against dual nationality in those cases . 
  basically saying that a nigerian who moved to london last year has more say in a british election than someone who may have even grown up in the uk , but never actually bothered about citizenship because of the eu is ridiculous on its face . 
  also , allowing irish citizens to vote is just a slap to the rest of the eu since they are n't even a commonwealth member . 
  despite whatever weird de-empire laws are on the books . 
  the mainstream parties are still ruling ... that said they need coalition support now and ca n't just do whatever they want and major structural reforms of the parties are part of the conditions . 
  still a good thing and should help with corruption .
