  i think merkel 's open door was a terrible idea because of the pressure it puts on the external borders of schengen/eu which we do have to deal with as the only land border with africa . 
  but as of now , long term visas are still a national issue , so that 's a german problem . 
  they give other countries trouble because of the sheer scale . 
  they do n't come here in that scale so it 's not really an issue . 
  a person that would fill that could easily find a job just walking into hotels until one would hire them for more money than that . 
  notice how there are zero applicants ? 
  yeah , i can offer you to sell me your house for 10 $ , but it does n't matter unless the other side accepts . 
  just having a job offer does n't mean they 're going to find someone at that price . 
  and someone that speaks german in madrid is also likely to speak very good english so even without skills could just walk into hotels until one would hire them for more than that . 
  you are assuming changing the fundamental costs of operation will not change how things are distributed and operate in general . 
  i will use the example of atms here . 
  it used to be to operate a bank branch you needed a team of bank tellers to deal with depositing and distributing money . 
  well , then the atm came and made that task ( note i did n't say job ) mostly useless . 
  so what happened ? 
  now that you do n't need a team of tellers you can open a branch with just 3 or so people , the costs of running a bank branch fell through the floor which meant banks were able to open branches all over the place and that led to even more bank tellers . 
  and tellers are now more focused on the more complex operations that an atm is n't good at . 
  the point i make is you ca n't just apply how the world is changing to how it is now and assume everything will be the same except for that single change . 
  changing underlying costs and making it cheaper to run a supermarket could mean a lot of towns where a supermarket is marginal now could easily support one in the future and they still require humans . 
  there is very little student loan infrastructure though . 
  i paid about $ 10k a year in the us ( and i had most of it from the government ) but i was able to cover the vast majority with loans . 
  i would n't have been able to pay even a few grand on my own . 
  that 's just a natural result of women entering the workplace . 
  you 're now competing with lots of people with dual incomes . 
  is there any talk about just subsidizing routes more ? 
  like i get that the idea that the debate is between private with minimum subsidies or fully national train operation . 
  that seems like a terrible false dichotomy . 
  there are plenty of example in air transport where subsidizing private operation works very well and you get the benefits of both sides . 
  do something like set a price and service guarantees and have a sort of reverse auction for companies to say how much money they would need to operate that route under those conditions . 
  you generally end up paying a lot less that way . 
  yeah , but spain is pretty much across the board pro-refugee . 
  refugees generally do n't want to come here , though . 
  and as was mentioned most of the people trying are spanish . 
  there is a decent sized spanish arab population from both moroccan immigrants as well as from ceuta and melilla . 
  but those groups also produce a lot of people that join the police and are a huge asset to catching the assholes . 
  the moroccans are by and large not radical in their views at all , but we have over a million of them so obviously it 's something to watch for given the current global climate . 
  i dislike the banner because it looks dumb and poorly made on an iconic building , but not for the message . 
  the training and knowing how to use infiltrados . 
  it helps that there are a lot of arabs from ceuta and melilla that feel very fiercely spanish that can help . 
  no , but id is . 
  it 's usually on the airlines to check . 
  that said some countries/airlines are more rigorous than others . 
  here in spain , you 're not getting on any plane ( international or domestic ) without proper id . 
  the requirements for domestic are a lot less ( it can be expired by a certain amount or be a driver 's license ) but you need it . 
  germany tends to be a lot more lax on the issue and i 've gotten on a plane plenty with no id . 
  in theory you need id here , but they only check the ticket for trains . 
  regardless , you do have to go through security and they would have caught him in spain for carrying a pistol . 
  i 'm not against id checks for that sort of thing , it 's already how flights here work ( you even need id for domestics ) so it 's hardly against the spirit of schengen . 
  all of this is at least if you are in a country with a mandatory id requirement . 
  it would be a problem without that requirement in the first place . 
  but having id when crossing borders is generally required regardless . 
  i mean , it 's pretty easy to find places for even near 150,000 $ in the city and the average salary in madrid is around 30,000 $ per year . 
  and most people buying will have two people working . 
  so even at 300.000 it 's 5 years of two average madrid salaries . 
  that does n't seem excessive to me . 
  you have to look at household , not personal incomes . 
  single people are going to have a harder time buying homes everywhere for obvious reasons . 
  i do n't know estonia at all , but that looks to fit in pretty well for the rest of the street . 
  yeah , the dutch have some really random se asian aspects of their food from the whole indonesia colonization . 
  could be that the real estate was just open then since croatia and lithuania were the only catholic countries to come out of the breakdown of the communist bloc . 
  though now that i think about it , i do n't actually know how catholic slovenia is . 
  mcdonald 's is actually usually really good with keeping their designs tasteful for the location . 
  a major nit to pick with the headline . 
  it 's not the jobless rate , it 's the actual employment numbers . 
  the unemployment rate is measured by the active population survey which will be out for q4 on 26 jan. 
   the weird thing is the big cities still have insane house prices . 
  i mean , i think it 's pretty reasonable . 
  you can easily find a reasonable place for 350,000 $ in central madrid . 
  i find that to be pretty descent for a major european city . 
   to be fair , i thought the other connexion to portugal ( vigo-oporto ) works much better ? 
  well , when it does n't derail and kill the passenger , yeah . 
  i mean , it 's what i pieced together from portuguese news while i was there , mostly from the written part . 
  but i 've spent enough time there that i can start to pick up bits of portuguese , i still wish they all spoke like brazilians , then we could get along . 
  yeah , but it can be a bit of a pain to get to from the city center . 
  frankly , i 'd have the same issue for pozuelo in madrid . 
  and with talgo wining the ave contract , there 's going to be a lot more people working out there . 
  it 's plenty nice and all , it 's just annoying , especially without a car . 
  i do n't know ... see the `` europe according to spain '' thread for what i know about the portuguese side . 
  according to wiki , it 's set to open this year . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  the cut service to granada was only supposed to last a couple months , too . 
  my wife does some recruiting for barcelona and one of her biggest issues is how many people just outright refuse to go out to sant cugat or cerdanyola , despite the huge number of companies out there . 
   20 fenchurch street i had no idea what they were talking about with the name . 
  just call it the walkie talkie and everyone will get it . 
  worth remembering that most monarchists are basically that way to be anti-republican , which is seen as radical left . 
  i 'm kind of apathetic to the whole idea and at least with felipe , i think there are much bigger problems to worry about for the time being . 
  i honestly do n't know which way i 'd go if it were a referendum , but i oppose a referendum on the monarchy because it 's wasting a huge amount of political effort on something that would n't materially change anything for the vast majority of people . 
  i just remember that during tourist seasons , spain will send police from galicia to help deal with spanish tourists since they can deal with the language barrier that should not be as stiff as it actually is . 
  but we visit portugal in droves . 
  we just speak spanish at you because we know you understand and do n't give a fuck what you say because we wo n't understand it at all . 
  the cut off corners add more parking but yeah , mostly in garages . 
  to put it even more simply , cathedral is just relevant to church organization . 
  it 's just that they obviously want the impressive buildings to be the important ones , too . 
  think of it like a country calling a city its capital , usually it 's the biggest and most important , but that is n't always the case for any variety of reasons . 
  a basilica is basically any non-cathedral church that 's deemed for a special designation . 
  since the diocese of barcelona is not based in the sagrada familia , it ca n't be a cathedral , so it 's a basilica . 
  and now people see why we fly or drive to portugal . 
  fuck that train . 
  i 've got an unattractive anglo look and still did pretty well to get my wife . 
  i was gifted portuguese towels for my house . 
  seriously they are seen as superior towels .
