  i get on kicks and read a lot . 
  but lately i 'm usually between either podcasts or books . 
  lately i 'm mostly for podcasts . 
  i read the sherlock holmes books last fall , though for the last major read i had . 
  also i have to read a lot of technical stuff for work so a lot of times i just do n't want to read . 
  depends on the year but i 'd say 15-30 per year . 
  i usually cook for monday and tuesday on sunday and then either an easy salad or my mother in law makes me something for wednesday ( yes , i 'm spoiled like that ) and we go out to eat on thursdays and a half day friday . 
  for the weekend it just depends if we 're around or not for if we eat out . 
  but yeah , back before i had money to waste on restaurants , lots and lots of cheap rice and pasta with eggs and low quality ground meat for the protein . 
  i tend to go early at 13:30, 
  well , i grew up in the us , so there 's that . 
  but i actually never left us or canada ( and even then only southern ontario , so pretty damned close ) until i was 21 . 
  at this point i 've been to thailand a few times for vacation ( and popped over to cambodia for one ) , all around western europe , oman ( for work , but pretty cool ) , morocco , and obviously back to the us a fair amount . 
  i have a work trip coming up to south africa that i wish i could get an extra day for but i wo n't be able to see anything . 
  all of that said , i know a few people here that have never left spain , never mind europe . 
  only nit to pick is that us passports expire after 10 years . 
  but yeah your point stands . 
  source : newly issued us passport that expires in 2027, 
  in spain i 'd say it 's a couple groups . 
  moroccans are definitely the biggest for agricultural stuff . 
  after that i 'd say romanians for a lot of just generally low skilled work . 
  and then general latin americans but primarily ecuador , peru , colombia and dominican republic . 
  ironically enough , mexicans here are seen as pretty affluent since the mexicans that make it to europe tend to be the ones with money but for people that need to get a plane anyway , you might as well just fly to a country where you speak the language and all that . 
  portugal has delicious food . 
  iberia strong !, 
  bacalau there is great and i do n't even like fish in general . 
  and the desserts are incredible . 
   bitterballen i 'm convinced these are actually a nationwide booby trap for foreigners . 
  we see a delicious piece of fried food and bite it only to immediately have lava explode all over the inside of the mouth completely destroying any ability to enjoy food afterward from all the burning . 
  i drive in central madrid which a lot of people find chaotic , but it works when you get used to it . 
  every city has it 's own sort of choreography and personality for how driving works and i honestly do n't find city driving to be that bad , you just have to be willing to be as aggressive as everyone else . 
  i think the craziest outside of a city has to be the portuguese . 
  a motorway limited to 120 has people going at 170 or 90 with pretty much nothing in between and even if they have the left lane free they will leave about a meter while merging back into the right lane . 
  it 's terrifying . 
  the terms are basically that it 's for a limited amount of time every year so you ca n't just pick up a cheap sim in romania and use that for all your data . 
  i think something like 50 % of your time has to be in your home country . 
  i 'm sure there 's some exception for border commuters . 
  the use of ` whom ' is screwed up so often by native speakers that using it correctly is considered `` formal '' by many people . 
  i am a native speaker and tend to use it as intended , but i 'm weird in that way . 
  honestly ... i think a full occupation of syria and guided reconstruction is necessary . 
  that iraq was a massive fuck up does n't mean any foreign intervention is bad . 
  iraq was a stable state that was by no means on the verge of collapse and was only a thorn in the regional sense . 
  that country was destabilized by invasion . 
  syria ca n't really get any more destabilized and troops would be there to fix what is broken not to break what is fixed . 
  real important difference . 
  honestly , it 's only been in the last few years that i feel like cards have gotten to be pretty universal in general . 
  i 'm just happy we caught up to the last tech wave . 
  it 's more that `` liberal '' in european politics just means generally pro free market ( and can also mean pro personal liberties ) . 
  `` liberal '' in europe is probably closest to `` libertarian '' in the us context but not as extreme . 
  the fact that this is considered a notable climb is hilarious to me . 
  just a nit to pick in that i 'd say spain does not consist of al andalus which was fully conquered and the political system destroyed rather than integrated into spain . 
  not just the uk but all over europe . 
  plus there will be some subset of fans that will use the game to travel to london to see their team and make a vacation out of it . 
  in spain , we like soccer ( i 'm from the us and it 's important to differentiate here so whatever ) but the level of interest in england is insane . 
  like anyone from a town can tell you the history of the nearest third division club . 
  here the vast majority of fans stick to maybe 8 clubs or so ( madrid , atl\u00e9tico , bar\u00e7a , sevilla , betis , valencia , athletic , deportivo ) to follow . 
  i said i think it 's overdone , but not to as big of a degree as most people seem to think . 
  say a 3 hour game , take away a half hour for half time and with a 60 minute clock and with the fact that a huge number of plays involve stopping the clock , it 's not that bad . 
  i agree the downtime could be reduced some but i do n't think all that much more would change things . 
  i help people all the time , i mostly know how hard it can be here if you do n't speak the language . 
  i grew up in the us so people are usually really happy to get local help from a native english accent . 
  my building would really break this . 
  it 's one of 7 portales and inside my portal there is a single interior stairway but it splits off into halls on different sides ( and the elevators are separate so it 's effectively separated ) but the numbers continue between the halls . 
  i think it would break the swedish system . 
  there 's something like 400 pisos at our street number . 
   hockey . 
  hockey is supposed to be done on a field , with a ball . 
  the only ice-based sport that is popular is speedskating . 
  as a curiosity , in the us field hockey is seen as a women 's sport . 
  due to laws regarding gender equality , schools had to fund equal number of women 's and men 's teams so to make up for male-only gridiron football they generally have a women 's only field hockey program . 
  also because who else can generate viewers at the 2am-6am time before a monday ? 
  i would definitely include rugby for france . 
  i fully get not liking the pace but the pace is really part of the game . 
  you ca n't think of it like european football where it 's constantly in movement and it 's player vs. player . 
  it 'd be like watching a chess match and complaining that there 's very little movement of the pieces . 
  the real interesting parts of the game are the strategies that coaches take . 
  which is not to say physical abilities are not important , since you still have to be able to pull off your plans , but it 's actually a pretty intellectual game . 
  but , like i said , the rules behind the strategy are really complex . 
  and the basic stuff stays mostly the same but a lot of the edge cases are constantly being revised , too . 
  usually before each year you have to have a recap of what rule changes have taken place . 
  it 's to the point where since i have n't actively followed in the last few years because of the timezones so it would definitely impact my understanding of some of what 's going on . 
  ( usually the biggest pauses are toward the end when they are fucking with using rules to their advantage ), 
  how does that deal with multiple stairwells from the same door or different entries at the same address ? 
  absolutely . 
  the gasol brothers , ricky rubio , and sergio llull most of all . 
  i would n't say it 's hugely popular but there 's definitely a subset of people that follow the nba . 
  probably not quite as popular as the spanish league just for time zone issues . 
  if the games were regular times , it 'd be a lot more popular . 
  as far as nfl in london . 
  it 's basically a magnet for americans in europe . 
  i will absolutely travel there from spain when chicago goes back to play . 
  ( i 'm originally from the us ) but most people in europe have a hard time learning gridiron football because the rules are insanely complex . 
   honestly i do n't know , but i guess it 's gustav klimts portrait of adele bloch-bauer  i just saw the movie about that painting the other day . 
  belgium 's pride ... displayed in chicago . 
  i would add [ goya 's the third of may 1808 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fd/el_tres_de_mayo%2c_by_francisco_de_goya%2c_from_prado_thin_black_margin.jpg ) i live like a 5 minute walk from these and even have free entry to reina sofia but i never go . 
  i feel bad about it and really should . 
  was n't he flemmish ? 
  that 's why we have so much stuff of his because it was spanish netherlands . 
  i think we can put that one to rest . 
  poor guy looks more like charles every day .
