   producing citiziens who talk shit about their own country . 
  oh we 've got you beat on that one . 
  also , english speakers being ashamed and therefore pregnant . 
   very understandable accent . 
  same with mexico , ** chile ** , etc. 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves here . 
  are we sure chileans are actually speaking spanish in the first place ? 
  i am from the midwest and lived in michigan for awhile and have been around the up and up to sault st. marie into the canadian side . 
  my favorite yooper saying was once saw two who had n't seen each other and the phrase was `` how come you no hello me , you know me so easy , eh ? '', 
  the alteration to the language just was a thing of awe . 
  with respect to argentine and uruguay ... not really . 
  there 's a lot more variety within argentina with rioplatense being around buenos aires which has a rhythm fairly influenced by all the italians and the uruguayan side is pretty similar . 
  santa fe ( where messi is from ) is really strong , too . 
  by the time you get down to patagonia , the accent is noticeably different . 
  all of that said , i 've never been to either argentina or uruguay so all of this is just talking to people from there . 
   the most stereotypically canadian-sounding person i 've ever met was from michigan , ahh . . yoopers in spanish we have some pretty extreme variation within the country and there are some massive variations internationally too with accents . 
  generally spaniards are pretty good at recognizing galician , basque , catalan , andalusia , and canary island accents with the central castillian accent being pretty `` neutral '' . 
  though madrid has it 's own twist on things . 
  internationally , it 's usually mexican , cuban/dominican , argentine/uruguay , and then just kind of all gets lumped into general latin american beyond that . 
  though i find venezuelan to be very similar to the canary islands so a lot of people confuse them . 
  well , if there 's no deal the border may very well be closed . 
  that 's all that 's being said . 
  there will almost certainly be a deal and gibraltar will almost certainly end up much worse off as a money laundering hub since it wo n't be able to move money in and out of the eu freely anymore . 
  on the plus side , they will be able to rack up tons of roaming fees for spanish phones . 
  ( like that time i accidentally spend 300 $ on my work phone in andorra ), 
  yes . 
  there are no formal controls . 
  just need valid id . 
  it 's pretty normal to have valid visas in old passports and have to carry both the old and new passport . 
  [ here 's an example from spain . 
  ] ( https://www.tasteofamerica.es/ ) every so often i 'll want a pop tart or reese 's or grape jelly or something like that . 
  normally i travel to the us enough to just get it there but i do stop by there from time to time . 
   for the life of me i could not find any grape jelly in spain yeah , you 're going to have to go to an international section or international store for that . 
  it 's a guilty pleasure of mine and i still love a peanut butter and jelly sandwich that reminds me of being a kid . 
  assuming you need to work in english , then you 're looking at london which is basically all of the same problems . 
  also , the official notice to begin brexit should come tomorrow and they may not be keen on bulgarians still coming in . 
  so no guarantee you keep a visa . 
  there 's work for that in madrid , but salaries are waaay lower and you obviously have to be able to work in spanish . 
  there 's a lot more sprawl in vancouver . 
  people live outside of the city and commute in . 
  this also means you absolutely have to have a car . 
  it 's not to be appreciated here , either . 
  it 's for teenager to use with cheap 50 cent wine . 
  that said , we do sometimes mix wine with seltzer water or lemon soda which is surprisingly good . 
  a splash of gas really brings out a lot of flavor in a wine and makes it wonderful for a hot day . 
  i have n't , but my wife 's grandmother is from le\u00f3n and makes her own morcilla/chorizo/salchich \u00f3n / cecina at home . 
  nothing better in this world . 
  why would you add sweet to that ? 
  it actually seems pretty good with just the savory flavors , but the sugar seems like it would just kill it . 
  oye ... there are few things better than a good morcilla . 
  it 's seriously up there as one of my favorite foods in spain . 
  the thing is it 's something where a normal quality one is n't that great but a good one is just simply amazing . 
  i went into eating callos blind as an adult after i moved here . 
  they are delicious . 
  personally i dislike the pig hoof/snout/ear more . 
  but that 's just because i really dislike the texture and it does n't taste like anything more than the rest of the cocido , just with gross jelly texture . 
   ( would n't actually do that , sounds pretty disgusting , but you know ... ) . 
  wait till you learn about kalimotxo . 
  ^ ^ it ^ ^ is ^ ^ disgusting, 
  i remember that ... it was for denmark and had something to do with the installation more than anything and was borderline illegal . 
  that said , that kind of thing certainly exists in other single markets . 
  i 'm most familiar with the us where state licensing is a huge barrier to entry for service providers who may very well refuse to provide an installation if you do n't buy a product from them . 
  if a few in an area collude , it would be illegal but for as much as i 'd be angry , i 'd never find it worth the effort to fight ( but i 'm grateful for those who would ), 
  i would say depends on what you mean by the government . 
  as in the political element ... of course not . 
  but as far as the bureaucratic state goes , i like to think it 's pretty trustworthy . 
  in particular things related to citizen safety ( police , hospitals , fire , military , etc. . . ) are very trustworthy . 
  i also see the justice system as slow , but not particularly worthy of distrust . 
   like , on the one hand there 's a new scandal every week ... on the other , there are scandals . 
  meaning that it seems that corruption seems to be surfacing and being cut down . 
   this is the thing to take away . 
  cleaning up the mess means you have to actually take a long hard look at the mess . 
  corruption is the worst when nobody is talking about it . 
  i think the biggest demonstration is the madrid p\u00fanica case . 
  imagine a case against the party in power on that scale even 20 years ago . 
  it would have never happened . 
  i think all the major parties need a serious change in leadership ( and i include c 's , who i support ) but i do n't see that happening . 
  but watching the news yesterday and seeing d\u00edaz say how voting for her is for `` psoe de siempre '' like it 's a good thing was insane to me . 
  yeah , i was thinking more of long term poor results . 
  they rebounded pretty quick . 
  i mean , they were expected to lose 2011 , they were not expected to just keep getting shit on and now are in a case where they are basically fucked and going to alienate a large part of their own members now matter what path they choose now . 
  since the socialists lost here in 2011 , it 's been nothing but bad news for them . 
  they were very squarely defeated and the conservative pp was given an absolute majority . 
  since then they have lost more and more votes and now a new part to their left has come out and they are seriously threatened with not being the main opposition anymore ( they came very , very close to getting fewer votes this time but it appears the polls were off ) . 
  the pp also has a party taking votes away from its left ( a centrist , pro-market party ) but they are still very solidly the first political force with nobody really threatening their spot for the time being . 
  these are definitely available in spain . 
  https://youtu.be/cztyyihyfde?t=16s this ad is all over tv right now . 
  i saw ken 's ranch at the local version of auchan just yesterday . 
  heh , i am from the us and originally started smoking there . 
  i was with a military crowd and it was just kind of part of the social structure . 
  once i moved to europe , there was little stigma like there was in the us ( that changed fast , though ) and tobacco is way cheaper here ( and definitely was back then ) . 
  you could still smoke indoors in restaurants and bars . 
  things changed fast both personally and in society . 
  there was an indoor smoking ban in place soon after i got here and it was actually enforced ( i had a couple places where they would let me but it was n't common and it was because they knew me ) and prices went up ( still cheap compared to the us , but 3-4 $ is a huge percentage jump . 
  also , it was kind of astonishingly fast how smoking went from being normal to `` acceptable '' but seen as a negative . 
  i also was getting into exercise at that point and a pack of cigarettes does n't help you run so i quit and never looked back . 
  i do n't get how i used to do it now , tbh . 
  you do n't have to go near that far . 
  colmenar , gri\u00f1\u00f3n , chinch\u00f3n , algete , villaviciosa de od\u00f3n all come to mind right away and i think are all within 30 km ( or close ) to sol . 
   here in spain is rather impossible to combine both in cities such as madrid or barcelona .
