  i grew up in the us as a fan of the game and the waiting is actually when the really interesting parts of the game are going on . 
  it 's like complaining that a chess match has very little actual moving of pieces . 
  the thing to understand that it 's really a game of coach versus coach turn based strategy more than anything . 
  the actual plays are basically like rolling the dice in an rpg to see how well you actually do and give an element of chance that is influenced by each player 's characteristics . 
  i think the vast majority of non science and engineering degrees go to things like political science/psychology/management and are basically ways to get into jobs that need a college degree as some sort of pedigree to be let in the door or to be set up to go to law school or another graduate program . 
  that said , even in stem fields there are some areas that are dominated by women . 
  biology is very much that way and nursing is still the case . 
  it seems the majority of people going into medicine at all levels is women . 
  our maternity leave is 4 months . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  well , my friends yes . 
  but we visit probably about as much as if i still lived in the us since i would be in a completely different region anyway . 
   spaniards however do n't get nearly enough hate , the bastards that 's mostly taken care of domestically . 
   but also seeing your family and life long friends twice a year sucks big time . 
  that 's one of the main things i love about being far away . 
  i managed to make it 2 years for the last trip . 
  that 's the whole point of the article . 
  let actual market forces and costs determine what is better rather than artificially incentivizing diesels . 
  i go lots of places that do n't have lpg filling stations . 
   i love diesel , i love the 1,06 $ i pay per liter and i want it to stay that way . 
  but the point is that the price compared to petrol is created by taxes and state incentives . 
  petrol motors are cheaper since they can be lighter and petrol itself is much cheaper to produce . 
  the price is artificially low because europe wanted to focus on lowering greenhouse gases rather than local contaminants . 
  honestly with the increase in efficiency of petrol the difference is n't even that much anymore . 
  gdp ( english for pib ) and wealth measure very different things . 
  generally all the assets you own minus all the debts you owe . 
   and it gives a wrongful impression of how wealthy the citizens it 's accurate given the current values of the markets but , people tend to confuse wealth with liquid assets . 
   i laugh everytime someone considers podemos as no pro-union everyone wants podemos to be whatever ideal they , specifically , have and not actually what they say they are for . 
  i took a look at it and it really is more geared to latin american countries . 
  that said , there is no latin american spanish either and it can vary just as wildly between countries . 
  the vocabulary is just kind of a weird mix , they do n't include a conjugation just used in spain . 
  it 's probably closes to usa spanish if that 's actually thing which is heavily influenced by mexican but also large numbers of cubans and puerto ricans with relatively fewer numbers of people form south america . 
  syria has never been a major producer and at $ 45/barrel , it 's honestly not that big of a deal . 
  us/russia/canada / mexico have effectively broken down opec already . 
  in fact , russia would benefit a hell of a lot from a disruption in the oil supply , but they are more concerned with jihadism so close to the caucasus . 
  a few reasons . 
  not actually owing taxes but the administrative hassle and cost of compliance is part of it . 
  the same strategy to keep dianetics as a best seller . 
  probably best not to use the term `` liberal '' in a european subreddit while discussing us politics . 
  it gets confusing . 
  i supported obama then mostly because he was a pretty centrist candidate and i hate the clintons . 
  i still stand by that choice and i voted for him both times . 
  i 'm not really paying attention anymore since i have decided not to vote in the upcoming election since i feel even less of a connection to the country and will be giving up the citizenship this term anyway . 
  are you saying that western government somehow desire an unstable middle east ? 
  western governments do n't give a shit so long as there is stability . 
  and at this point advocating for getting rid of assad without a viable alternative is tantamount to advocating for islamic state . 
  shitty but true . 
  there was a huge opportunity to actually get an independent kurdish state which would be a big stabilizing force in the region but turkey wo n't have any of that and we need turkey even more . 
  an independent kurdistan may very well still happen if syria keeps getting even more fucked up as it may be better for turkey than the alternative . 
  i do n't know how i feel about the mess . 
  as far as western interests go , it 's probably better to have assad in right now compared to any other alternative though i imagine it 's much worse for a lot of syrians . 
  the situation is just a mess . 
  in a way , i 'm kind of happy russia is trying to resolve it in this way since it kind of absolves western countries from the moral responsibility of doing what is ugly but necessary . 
  really , i wish everyone could lose . 
   graduates speak foreign languages i would n't take that as a given around here . 
  that 's from morcilla de pueblo more than anything . 
  oh , i will be going to have whatever my suegra cooks and have enough in tuppers to eat all week at work . 
  eh , i really like airplanes so i 'm on my way to the parade pretty much exclusively for the flyovers . 
  all the boats to greece would change to being boats to romania across the black sea and would then land directly in schengen territory . 
  romania is smart to not want that right now . 
  i thing you might need some extra checks in that schengen, 
  the amount of people that do n't understand the difference between right of free movement and schengen is shocking . 
  granted , having schengen without free movement is stupid but it 's perfectly possible and is currently the case to have free movement rights without schengen . 
  yeah , i would say that not getting the majority in the catalan elections basically paralyzed everything until the general elections . 
  i am curious to see that if the date coinciding with christmas holidays ( many people will leave that friday ) will affect turnout at all . 
  i fear it may actually be a way of the pp to try and increase their votes since many people go to their home towns where they are not registered but the older relatives that still live there are . 
  that 's a matter for national governments not the eu . 
  it seemed like platini was trying to be there to fill the vacuum when sepp fell and now he 's gone , too !, 
  gibraltar/isle of man/channel islands have the same sort of deal . 
  but even at a full work schedule , that 's 200 days a year in country . 
  so you have to be spending a significant amount of your time not in the uk to not count as a tax resident . 
  that honestly does n't strike me as that alarming . 
  money made in the uk is still taxed in the uk . 
  but this would arise from some foreign investments that would be taxed for capital gains or other gains . 
  so the guardian is pissed that people that spend less than 25 % of their time in the uk are n't getting taxed in the uk on money that is n't made in the uk . 
  i understand there is a frustration with the contribution of the wealthy , but emotional arguments like this do n't help and the situation is terribly complex . 
  this is an extremely complicated situation and if you have tax residence status it 's not uncommon to have double taxation . 
  it gets extremely complex especially when you consider investments may be global as well . 
  really all they would have to do is adjust the fuel taxes to more reflect the naturally more expensive diesel and more heavily favor petrol . 
  but yeah , hybrids for cities are great . 
  that said , i 'm getting my moto license and i hope to make that my primary way around the city . 
  i know it does n't work for everyone but it 's fun , fast and has low emissions . 
  in addition , the helipads tend to be higher up for specifically this reason so there is n't anything around to disturb the airflow and create eddies . 
  there are 3 types of pollution that seem to be conflated by everyone . 
  particulates , nox and carbon . 
  diesel engines produce more particulates and nox but less carbon than petrol engines . 
  so they are better for the planet as a whole but much worse in concentrations . 
  nox and particulates are produced especially heavily from incomplete combustion when the fuel/air mixture is higher ( richer ) and so basically while accelerating . 
  driving at slower speeds generally involves a lot more starting , stopping , and brisk accelerations . 
  personally i think europe was very mistaken in trying to favor diesel over petrol as the difference in diesel versus petrol for carbon emissions is n't all that high compared to all the other sources out there ( mostly power plants ) and the particulate and nox acceleration can have acute health effects . 
  we have 57 % of the population of germany and a significantly worse economy . 
  i do n't see how taking half of germany is that outrageous . 
  yeah , and not to sound too elitist , but the clientele tends to be an annoying problem . 
  i can hear 4 different conversations from 10 rows away from people who just are n't used to airplane etiquette . 
  iberia express to lgw is where it 's at from mad . 
  t4 is just so much better . 
  what really makes me hate t123 is the complete lack of water fountains and they even put pulverizers on the bathroom sinks so you ca n't fill with water and have to buy theirs . 
  t4 has free water all over . 
  because there are n't that many mexicans here so it 's hard to get it authentic . 
  also , most of the mexicans that do come to spain are rather wealthy since the poor immigrants ( the ones who can cook best ) just go to the us .
