  like , i get the 2011 elections were shitty , they were shitty in general . 
  but after that of just basically giving up because it was impossible to work with a single government in the middle of a crisis hardly seems like `` trying everything '' . 
  constitutional changes require a long view and patience . 
  if you , who i personally believe are a very sensible person , thinks this shit , then i ca n't begin to fathom what the average spaniard thinks . 
  i was talking about unionism vs. independentism . 
  and a unilateral independence bid , even through a non-recognized referendum is a pretty big shock to the other side , too . 
  the truth is no referendum is fair unless both sides feels it represents them and that 's just not going to happen with the current trajectory . 
  as it is , it would just end up as another 9-n ( the case in court right now for outsiders ) since one side does n't even agree about it 's legality . 
  there is a fair amount of difference in supporting the idea of a referendum and supporting any specific one that is organized . 
  because why would they protest what they already have ? 
  i do n't see many protests in croatia or slovenia about freedom from yugoslavia either . 
   realistically , how likely is such a scenario if catalonia were to secede ? 
  it would never get to that point . 
  why use tanks when you can use banks ? 
  you just make a point that any company must pay their full share of taxes to the spanish government for their operations in catalonia while the catalans would attempt to tax instead . 
  the government suspends their autonomy and they get funding completely cutoff while forcing companies to essentially choose between operating between catalonia or the rest of spain . 
  it would absolutely cripple the economy there . 
  the biggest issue i see is formal control of the border . 
  i do think spain would possibly send guardia civil to man the airports and sea ports to handle processing as catalonia would not be accepted as a schengen member . 
  but in short ... no way in hell does this escalate to violence in the streets , at least not from madrid . 
  worth remembering a large portion of catalans themselves are fiercely unionist , too . 
  it 's often presented as hugely one-sided but the truth is it 's about even right now . 
  i still do n't agree with the quotas . 
  yeah , some farmers will go bankrupt , but that does n't mean the governments should actively protect them if others are able to do it better . 
  they can move to other products , use the land that was for grazing for crops , change profession ( a huge percentage of farmers are part time commercial drivers already ) , etc. ... 
  the governments should n't promote agricultural inefficiency . 
  that said , when they leave the common market , that 's not the eu 's problem anymore . 
  that was the best government we 've had in awhile . 
  ( only half joking ), 
  also , it 's uk registered so it could be they just kind of stopped where convenient from not knowing . 
  yeah , trump feeds his support based on divide and conquer and the other side buys into it fully . 
  i 'm mostly worried about how an attack in the us would fuck things up right now . 
  trump will crack down and there will be a very widespread belief on the left that it was a false flag attack which will just make them even easier to paint as crazy people . 
  i defend spain a lot , but one thing to keep in mind is that the crisis has been really hard on the youth ( you know , the people you will see on reddit ) . 
  the average person over 50 has had their income go up since 2008 but the average person under 35 is something like 20 % poorer . 
  it should get better as unemployment goes down , but we 're still a couple of years away from that but it will definitely influence how people see the country . 
  you 're crazy if you think people thought that hard about him . 
  i am from a red state in the us . 
  people elected him because of his bravado and i 'm still not convinced he 's any less popular than the day he was elected by those same people . 
  i am very , very scared for what will happen to my homeland as the polarization gets even worse . 
  i 'm wondering how much is related to what 's going on in the us and people might have a second thought of `` oh shit , what if we win ?! '', 
  as many people may have just wanted the vote as a protest . 
   i would say it 's definitely creating a division , but her economic policies were widely considered good here in northern europe well yes because they benefit you guys at the expense of the southern europe countries . 
  particularly the currency ( and since denmark is in erm ii , they get help , too ) in that exporting countries benefit from the crises in the south because it keep the euro cheap so it makes exports artificially attractive . 
  something really has to be done about the difference in trade deficits across the monetary union to help even it out . 
  i think calling it `` fiscal transfers '' would never work , but a vastly increased eu budget with investments disproportionately in the countries that need it . 
  ( be it military , scientific research , even more infrastructure , etc. . . ) and honestly , for the single labor market to work , something has to be done with combining pension systems . 
  it 's an absolute nightmare right now . 
  yeah , and those purchases are accounted for in ppp . 
  the vast majority of most people 's spending is housing and food which does indeed vary massively . 
  is n't the biggest issue airline leasing ? 
  like there are a lot of irish registered planes in the world that count toward ireland 's gdp , even if they are not physically in ireland . 
  yes , enough to seriously mess with the stats . 
  not saying ireland is n't rich , but i agree beating norway and switzerland is a stretch . 
  god , it reminds me of when i went to cambodia and how there 's just not very many middle aged people and in particular middle aged men . 
  that 's what really gave me an idea of how bad their genocide was . 
  en eeuu , una botella normal de 500 ml cuesta como $ 10 . 
  well , it is a problem of being both artificially cheap and having no inflation . 
  it needs to be cheaper , and there also needs to be some way to deal with fiscal transfers to handle the internal trade surpluses and benefits . 
  they are n't mutually exclusive problems . 
  basically that germany benefits disproportionately from monetary union without fiscal union . 
  i actually agree with that . 
  spanish food is a lot more about natural flavors . 
  garlic and paprika are the main spices used . 
  i introduced my wife to spicy food and now she can handle more than anyone i know . 
  we were getting the extra spicy stuff for locals in thailand . 
  i could n't take it but she was a champ . 
  the only spaniard i know that loves spicy food that much . 
  it 's absolutely what we want , but right now the entire structure of how telephony works in each country is national . 
  integrating that would be a massive project , though theoretically feasible . 
  i 'd be ok with eu pitching in some money to make it happen to the point where dialing a country code is just like dialing the codes for the different regions locally . 
  yeah , i 'd really like a single , integrated telco market . 
  but i realize what a huge task that would be . 
  it would also open up a huge amount of competition . 
  vodafone here also offers usa included in it , which is nice . 
  there was an article that came out yesterday about trump about modern autocracies and how they are n't like what we imagine from the past . 
   the benefit of controlling a modern state is less the power to persecute the innocent , more the power to protect the guilty . 
  but that would have required trichet to see beyond ideology . 
  we ca n't ask so much , can we . 
  to add to this , in spain , vocational courses can count as well as university studies . 
  so our rate is probably higher than anyone comparable . 
  seriously , the fed had 8 years of qe on an incredible scale and the ecb just started and germany had to be dragged into it kicking and screaming . 
  thank god there 's an italian in charge of the money . 
  would n't the fact that the ez is finally pursuing some sort of aggressive monetary policy help ? 
  i mean , the fed and boe were on massive qe kicks for almost a decade , we just got started a couple years ago . 
  australia is actually really easy to immigrate to for skilled labor . 
  it 's unskilled that has a really hard time . 
  they are actually the only other country that has an unlimited number of skilled visas that can be used for immigration intent in the usa , too . 
  the us has a special category for them but australia does n't have one for the americans because their general skilled labor visa process also includes americans . 
  well , to start with placing a political operative on the national security council while removing the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff ( the head military officer for those who do n't know ) declaring the media the opposition and giving white house press credentials to alex fucking jones . 
  and the travel ban invalidating existing visas is a big deal . 
  even permanent residents of the us are now unable to return to their homes until they get an additional screening process unless they are also uk/aus/can citizens . 
  now moving on to the much more opaque side of things . 
  the steele dossier mentioned that russia would give 19 % of rosneft which has conveniently just been sold . 
  the complete and total lack of any sense of trying to eliminate conflicts of interest in the executive with things like having ivanka on a call to pm abe of japan while she is working on a deal involving a significant stake of the japanese government . 
  or the whole not so blind trust fiasco in the first place . 
  democracy is about respect for the rules more than the outcomes and trump has no respect for those rules . 
  i mean , that 's an eu law thing . 
  all eu citizens have the right to vote in local elections . 
  i 'm not an eu citizen , though .
