  ahh . . france and their complicated relationships . 
  uhh ... french guyana is pretty significant . 
  there 's a flight from there to papeete and there is a direct flight from cdg to ppt , unfortunately it 's not a non-stop flight and that stop happens to be in lax where you have to fully enter the usa . 
  so yes ... there is a domestic french flight that requires you to pass through us cbp control . 
  also the longest non-stop domestic flight in the world is also in france and is cdg-run . 
  i like airline trivia . 
  i liked it personally . 
  i mean , it 's not really historical , but it 's a pretty stunning building and i care most about seeing it from the outside anyway . 
  it 's easy to get there for a day from munich . 
  i mean , realize everyone has their own opinion on it so you should figure out if you will like that sort of thing . 
  they could do ranked choice to determine the runoff . 
  that would pretty much eliminate lepen and keep things a lot more moderate in general . 
  i mean , he 's firmly in the alde camp and since president is more about foreign relations than anything else , that 's hugely important for the future of the eu . 
  i mean , i 'm pretty unabashedly liberal so it sounds pretty good . 
   suffrage for non-citizens . 
  that sounds absolutely insane to me . 
  and i 'm saying this as a non-citizen immigrant to spain . 
  i do n't think i should have a voice in the election until i 'm a citizen . 
  yes , i agree saba should count for nl . 
  i was arguing that faroes should n't for denmark . 
  ( faroes are n't eu either ), 
  it depends if you count the country of denmark or the kingdom of denmark . 
  i would say the former is most appropriate . 
  saba is a municipality in the country of the netherlands . 
  the issue is there was no doubt that ireland was a state in the first place as it was recognized by the uk . 
  i would absolutely say it is . 
  saba is netherlands . 
   never seen maga abbreviated as such i wish i could be you . 
  that was mostly uk , so it 's not like europe is clean on that . 
  iran is n't filled with crazy sunnis , it 's a political form of islamism , but do n't confuse it with the isis types . 
  also , iran was negotiating a massive deal with boeing . 
  they are a middle-income country with 80 million people and the geography to complete against the gulf carriers for international traffic and they need basically a full overhaul of their commercial fleets . 
  that 's a lot of potential airplanes . 
  that 's absolutely true . 
  i will say that ie and esade are doing good work to make both madrid and barcelona much bigger startup scenes . 
  i know a guy that used to run a vc firm who now teaches at ie and it 's starting to do a lot better for a lot of the same reasons . 
  low costs for highly educated people willing to work in risky ventures . 
  turns out that guy was pretty astute to go into hiding . 
  honestly , you just think that because you are a consumer . 
  the field is actually quite huge , it 's just very few individual people will buy our services since we do n't really sell anything worth under a few million . 
  i mean , due to reddit 's demographics , nobody thinks twice about it support services to businesses despite the fact that it 's not for consumers either . 
  but those businesses bring an absolutely massive amount of capital into spain and have some of the best salaries around . 
  i ` mttalking about epc . 
  fcc , ferrovial , tr , sacyr , acs are all giants . 
  i just work in the industry . 
  france and the us have important companies ( germany not really ) but really , it 's an industry that 's about throwing a lot of man hours at a project of educated people and all those countries have salaries that are way higher than spain so our sale price is way below their cost . 
  * your first graph is for a different time of year . 
  * 2005 is not 10 years ago * housing has gotten very much so noticeably cheaper in the last 10 years, 
    salaries have been frozen for the last decade while basic need goods have more than doubled its cost in that time . 
  its that bad . 
  inflation has been near zero for the last decade . 
   taken as evidence that `` the economy is great '' i do n't see anyone arguing with that . 
  i am saying we are climbing out of a very deep hole and still have a lot of work to do but we are improving at a very healthy rate . 
  improving is not the same thing as good , but you ca n't just make things better overnight . 
   edit : employment is a much more important statistic in the long run . 
  i agree employment is a very important statistic , the problem is it 's pretty much impossible to normalize across countries and even within a country across time as it 's things like attitudes toward women working and changing demographics are two of the biggest factors . 
   spain is not a brand of engineering or tech madrid is probably the second most important city in the world for large engineering firms outside of seoul . 
  ( i 'm always surprised there 's only one non-stop flight between them ) people dealing with major contractors definitely know about spanish engineering . 
   the thing is ordinary germans have no use for `` leading europe '' in any case . 
  that empty rhetorics remain inside the political body , it finds no echo in the population . 
  most of us here would rather be left alone to deal with our lives . 
   the thing is economic dominance necessarily comes with security dominance or it wo n't last . 
  as of now , it 's fine because it 's in the us ' interest that europe be stable , but the second nato ca n't be relied upon , russia will eat your lunch and we will all be worse off , including you . 
  yeah ... that was n't the idea in west germany . 
  i 'll sell you the engineering contract . 
  i do n't think we should be encouraging any sort of company over another . 
  sometimes smaller companies work better and sometimes massive corporations work better . 
  but a massive amount of people are either self-employed , run small companies , or work for them ... so it will never happen politically . 
  well , there will always be a few . 
  for example , if i was without a job , i could very easily find work within a few days ( high-skilled native english speaker helps ) but i would n't just take the first thing that comes along because i can easily hold out for a bit and get much higher pay . 
  that 's why full employment is generally considered something like 3-5 % depending on welfare structure ( better unemployment benefits will let people hold out longer ) because of all the working illegally , it was closer to 8-9 % in spain . 
  back in the boom , basically nobody who wanted to work was out of work and that 's where the number was . 
   it has also been used to fuel a housing boom , albeit alot smaller than in other countries . 
  the housing boom was n't eu funded . 
  that was almost entirely private debt . 
  nobody counts students as part of the active work force . 
  if you are concerned about that you can look at the employment rate ( which actually went down in q4 , too ) but that 's mostly due to demographics and just measures something entirely different than the unemployment rate . 
  and salaries were high then . 
  i honestly hope we can just organically grow rather than a have a massive bubble and if we can keep things up at this rate , we will be doing very well in just a few years . 
  to me the biggest problem is there 's effectively a lost generation of people that got lured to construction for the high pay with no studies that now have no work , and no education and no way forward in a service based economy . 
  adult education and vocational training are some of the things i would say really need to be improved . 
  there 's a lot of demand for trade training but not nearly enough spots . 
  those are the official numbers . 
  it 's not as bad as it was , but a lot of people just work off the books . 
  edit : forgot a word that completely changed the meaning of my sentence, 
  russia is far from venezuela . 
  their economic policy is n't all that irrational . 
  as opposed to venezuela where the finance minister literally did n't believe in inflation . 
  well yes , but that 's going to be one of the last thing to get fixed . 
  once the unemployment rate goes down enough , then it will be harder to find new workers and salaries will go up . 
  i know it 's frustrating , but we are improving at a very good rate . 
  still lasted 80 years . 
  eh , actually being able to get people to buy what you are selling is a big part of being a politician and macron is just better at that than hollande . 
  but i 'm a pro-eu liberal so i do n't think hollande is all that bad , just kind of not as effective as he could be . 
  even if you have active visas in it ? 
  i 'm getting an india visa but have to renew soon , the us embassy told me they just give me back my old one that 's cancelled but to keep it with me because the visa will still be valid . 
  my us passport is around 100 usd , but at least it 's 10 year . 
  is the portuguese always 5 years ? 
  i know the spanish passport is 5 years if issued before you turn 30 and 10 years after that . 
  i mean , obviously not personally , but it was as belgian as jamaica is british ... meaning it 's the same monarch , but it was n't under the authority of belgium at all .
