  in fairness canada is a fairly low population country that needs to defend a huge arctic area against russian influence . 
  it looks good for the time being , but i would not make a strategic bet on thinking that the huge us military contracts can continue indefinitely . 
  the lack of ability to figure out anything resembling even a medium term budget makes this more precarious , not less . 
  first , ask in your specific country better . 
  also , what 's weird about groups of young people hanging out ? 
  you 're also young , just in a position of greater authority . 
  maybe , definitely madrid biased . 
  mileuristas definitely exist and are much more thanks to the crisis , but it still would n't really fly for a normal non-becario job . 
  the madrid monthly pass covers emt ( bus ) , metro , and cercan\u00edas ( train ) seamlessly . 
  actually any transport pass . 
  the 10 tickets work for metro or bus , but the transfer is still a major issue . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  it may be unfortunately more common to be making less than 1000 euros , but it is still by no means average . 
  sulphur regulations lead to much more diesel processing , particularly in europe . 
  that said the price being higher or lower is largely a function of taxes on each one . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  europe sees 100 years ago as recent history . 
  that might as well be roman times in by popular sentiment in america . 
  in europe 100 miles is a long way . 
  in america 100 years is a long time . 
  but fuel at least is way cheaper than the last election . 
  i do n't see how those other factors other than the surprise one would change much in 8 weeks . 
  no i was saying what you are saying is correct , but the inverse is not true . 
  i do n't understand shit of portugese . 
  i do n't know why , but it really only goes one way . 
  i thought it was the de facto main language kind of like how nobody actually uses irish in ireland , it 's just kind of a heritage thing . 
  i would n't say * mutually * intelligible . 
  when in portugal i speak spanish at people and they understand . 
  then they say things at me and get what i asked for . 
  i say obrigado and leave . 
  in fact , english serves me much better than spanish in portugal . 
  well , in areas where tourists are likely to be that figure is higher . 
  that said , shut up about being a tourist country and having low english levels . 
   i ca n't tell you the number of times i 've had to translate for random strangers . 
  that said , once outside of a city . 
  you 're fucked without spanish here . 
  even outside of schengen . 
  my girlfriend does n't need her passport to go to uk or ireland either . 
  just spanish dni card . 
  this is simply incredible . 
  the portugal remarks were great . 
  do n't partake too much myself , much more partial to a proper pint . 
  but as far ash hash goes , you guys do n't have the moroccan factory just a few miles off your coast . 
  great party time !, 
  san marino spoke french first . 
  wonderful cultural exchange , i 'm actually moving to dublin soon . 
  so i just switched to the irish feed because i was sick of the spanish dubbing and like hell i 'm installing an app to watch it . 
  your presenter is amazingly snarky . 
  it 's incredible . 
  yeah , but it 's no epic sax guy or whatever the hell it was last year . 
  ooh , got home just in time to see moldova . 
  please be as fucked up as usual . 
  also , how was spain ? 
  they may be in favour of it , but that does n't make it legal . 
  any new country joining the eu is obliged to start the erm stuff . 
  the exemptions got carved out at maastricht . 
  if you did n't get one there , you do n't get one . 
  that does n't preclude a norway style situation but that would take excellent management of what to do with the oil money . 
  not my say but there are a ton of logistical issues i would want explained before any support is given . 
  first and foremost , you do n't just get to join the eu with a currency exemption anymore . 
  they could pull a denmark and just keep putting it off , but as of right now there is no legal way for a newly admitted country to intend to keep their currency . 
  and we all know there is a hell of a lot of uncertainty with the currency in general right now . 
  germany wants to string this out as long as they can . 
  when life is bad in athens and madrid , it makes the exports out of bavaria cheaper and their life just a little bit easier . 
  the germans have a vested intrest in drawing the crisis out longer as it keeps the currency artificially low from their pov . 
  edit : i 'm in now way implying that there is any sort of ill will . 
  but i am saying the incentives to fix this asap are sorely lacking for the people in the driver 's seat . 
  greece can not leave the eurozone and still comply with eu treaty requirements ( mostly free movement of capital ) . 
  it would have to leave both which would be an incredibly harmful decision . 
  i 'd honestly be okay with putting the option on the table right now of saying efsf will cover 100 % of your current obligations if greece were to 1 ) exit the eurozone an 2 ) exit the european union ( maybe even schengen at that point ) the thing is , there ca n't even be a referendum on it because you have to close the borders to financial transfers immediately and by surprise . 
  unfortunately with governments , rapid austerity can mean even less revenues which mean even more austerity is needed . 
  really , a solution needs to be more medium term , but with the germans so deathly afraid of any inflation , the idea of working things out become much harder . 
  whereas with 5 % inflation or something like it , the goal is to just basically decide what grows with inflation and what does n't and you fix it after a couple years . 
  i 've intentionally avoided areas that would be affected today with minimal effort and my biggest bother of the day is an atl\u00e9tico de madrid football game eating the parking in my neighborhood . 
  ive seen the posters and i imagine traffic will be a nightmare going home with cibeles cut and all , but i left for work at 7:15 from near the centre and saw nothing . 
  i can tell you las tablas is quiet as usual . 
  but like i said , avoiding that area tonight . 
  i would n't have known there was a strike if it was n't on the news . 
  that said i drive to work and i am avoiding going to my girlfriend 's because she lives near the protests . 
  you can be an eu member and have another currency . 
  you can not be an eu member and quit the euro . 
  you would have to not allow money to cross the border for the transition in order to even make a transition possible . 
  an eu country quite simply can not close its borders to the rest of europe and still be an eu country . 
  i agree with you on the second point , i should have said eurozone . 
  any sort of deviation from the use of the euro would require gross violations of being an eu member state . 
  allowing capital to flow across borders is one of the most basic tenets of the common market . 
  basically , greece can only leave the euro if they leave the eu . 
  the rest of europe has enough money to cover the default , so it seems to me that the best solution is to say the various parties will work with greece to stay in the union , but spell out that as a failure scenario . 
  it seems to be a big enough consequence to prevent contagion as eu membership is the lifeblood of many smaller economies . 
  and only the uk has people graduating . 
  macedonia has finally upgraded to having an education system , or something , apparently . 
  i feel ya , bro !, 
  i do n't know catalan , so it could be different in their papers , but i do n't see it too much in the spanish language press . 
  i was up in the guadarrama and segovia the last couple days . 
  i have n't felt cold like that since chicago . 
  i 've always like the idea of an alliance of alliances . 
  basically a tight eu defence force and the equivalent in n america . 
  clearly a lot of priorities are still similar and common defence clauses should still apply , but it would help keep interests localish . 
  may even get the us to really help out in mexico . 
  nor is andorra , and they are in schengen and use the euro .
