  i really think people do n't get how huge the gateway to the eu thing is . 
  i mean just financial services is 5 % of gdp and delivers 10 % of all their government revenues . 
  fucking with that is a major deal . 
  as an example , when i last moved back to europe from the us , it was by far the most economical to land my stuff at the port of southampton and then it was already in the eu and it could just be sent on a truck . 
  it 's also why tons of companies have their emea headquarters in the uk . 
  and even if they do n't go away , operations will have to be reduced and others started up in paris/frankfurt/dublin / etc. ... 
  personally , i 'm pretty hostile to the leave campaign 's message of `` we can go , and they 'll be hurting so bad they 'll have to come crawling back and give us wonderful terms '' it sounds like the argument of a psychopathic ex-lover . 
   two years passes fast . 
  and in the meantime there is pure uncertainty , which is even worse . 
  yeah , it will be a game of chicken . 
  while true no fta will hurt the eu , it would be horrible for the uk in that situation . 
  so the eu side has every incentive to just present the most favorable terms and when the uk counters , they can just respond with `` no '' and the clock winds down . 
  i just ca n't legally see how any other eu country passes any form of punishment until the uk actively leaves . 
  so if they follow all the regulations for 2 years , then they still get the benefits for those two years . 
  it 's like the swiss free movement referendum . 
  they can vote however they want , but if they do n't actually implement anything , then nothing happens . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was an intentional pun . 
  i understood it as a vague allusion to scotland at least , even if it 's not the primary meaning . 
  it 's clever , even if unintentional . 
  well yeah , but it 's priced in if i use cash , too since the price does n't change to me . 
  i said the problem with eurobonds is that they would become inherently political . 
  ideally for me there 'd be a decent sized eu budget that could have bonds issued against it . 
  again , i know that 's just not going to happen . 
  and qe is n't a cash drop . 
  it 's moving liquidity forward from assets already on the books . 
  it means that banks end up with shitloads of cash that they do n't know what to do with so they go out and start having to be more aggressive in finding places to invest and grow that money . 
  i have definitely noticed the effects of more consumer credit around here recently . 
  after the crisis , getting a loan was really difficult and now they 're fairly common again . 
  though the interest rates are still high . 
  upping the scale of qe forces the banks to try and lend out even more so consumers will end up with even better interest rates . 
  that sort of thing can easily change consumption habits . 
  auto loans tend to be significantly cheaper in the uk , for example which helps push consumer spending . 
  for me , as a consumer , i see no reason not to use a credit card . 
  i pay mine off every month so i do n't pay interest and i get additional insurances and protections for no additional cost as well as airline miles that i really do enjoy as well . 
  the reserve banking can have issues on what the reserve ratio needs to be set at , but just hiding cash away essentially makes that ratio 100 % . 
  i never said do n't save . 
  it should be saved in a bank not literally in bills as that removes it from the economy where it can be reinvested to make new and better stuff . 
  there 's a difference between savings in a bank and when lots of people literally take out their savings to keep it in notes . 
  because it takes money out of the economy . 
  unless you 're seriously suggesting the idea of fractional reserve banking itself is a problem . 
   this has become dogmatic . 
  unlimited growth is neither possible nor required . 
  the meaning has become detached from increased productivity . 
  a healthy economy should have some amount of nominal growth no matter what as a counter action to inflation . 
  again , the inflation is healthy because that way economic activity still has to happen or you lose out in the long term . 
  stuffing cash into a mattress should not be a sustainable way to save . 
  * it messes with the balance sheets of the ecb in a pretty big way , but the thing is the ecb can just basically magic it away if it becomes an issue just by virtue of being a central bank . 
  * the fed did pretty much the same thing but the scale was absolutely eye watering . 
  though i do n't think they ever got into corporate bonds . 
  they stuck with treasuries , the biggest issue is that us issues bonds and eurobonds do n't exist ( though they should ) . 
  it gets really political , especially if you start buying from all the governments on the scale you need ... suddenly greece is no longer in a crisis so you need to monitor them extra heavy and the ecb does n't want to be the enforcement mechanism for that issue . 
  * but yeah , it would help massively if they would up the scale . 
  i 've already noticed a lot more consumer credit available in the last year or so . 
  getting people spending again rather than saving for the rainy day when this is the rainy day is needed . 
  they 're really , really not . 
  the scale is nowhere near the fed 's qe program and qe is n't printing money or helicopter money in any way . 
  it 's just replacing moving future liquidity forward , but its still taking assets away so the overall balance sheet is n't any different . 
   and scared people do not invest as much . 
  that depends what they 're scared of . 
  if you can tell them that they will lose a certain percentage of savings every year by not investing ... well , that changes things . 
   right , but we do n't have that inflation . 
  we do n't have that inflation because the german financial elites refuse to let the ecb create it . 
  and with how low interest rates there currently are people save more because well you got ta make up the lost interest somehow , all the while rents and property prices are rising because that 's where people put their money because nothing else really gives yields and the ecb is consistently worsening this . 
  so your solution is to keep the value of money even higher so that there is even more savings which just worsens the cycle . 
  the ecb actively wants to help this by trying to hit its apolitical inflation target and that 's what 's being consistently attacked by the german economists . 
  a little bit of fear of losing out is healthy to stimulate growth . 
  obviously it 's all in degrees and nobody wants anything even close to even 10 % , but a few percent a year is about right to encourage enough risk taking to keep an economy vibrant . 
  lack of investment is bad for growth . 
  if there is a healthy inflation and a healthy economy , the interest rates you get on savings accounts will be higher than the inflation rate so it is irrelevant . 
  a healthy 2-4 % inflation rate promotes investment and also promotes a slightly weakening currency which is best for export economies so it would be even better for germany . 
  the logical argument just is n't there , it 's all emotional . 
  i would say debt in general . 
  they have people literally willing to pay the government to deficit spend and it 's still seen as virtuous to not run deficits . 
  they are consistently behind trying to prevent the ecb from being even more expansionist . 
  yes they have started qe , but the scale is nowhere near where it needs to be . 
  i 'm pretty sure they ca n't retroactively revoke residence rights . 
  yet the germans are still terrified of inflation . 
  i listen to the podcast `` startup '' and just this week they profiled a drug business that grew super fast and their biggest way of growing to higher margins was starting to wear suits every day . 
  it made them less likely to get searched by the police and more approachable for richer clients looking for coke . 
  i do n't really have a point , but i just thought it was interesting and relevant . 
  i do think things would start to go downhill quickly if police started randomly stopping people in suits , since those people also tend to be influential . 
  honestly , a big profile target to pick for security when traveling is males 20-35 traveling alone ( possibly even more if including a one-way ticket ) . 
  i 'm often in this group and have no problem saying i should be subject to more security ( in general ) than a 65 year old woman . 
  i fall into a group that is inherently higher risk just for that . 
  i also pay more in insurance for my penis , but i do n't think that 's an injustice either . 
  the origins of the italian mafia predate both the italian migrations to the us and italy itself . 
  care to provide an example ? 
  / u/collectiveindividual appears to be pretty neutral on the whole thing and i did n't see much aside from some obvious concerns about what brexit would mean for ireland/n . 
  ireland and the good friday accords . 
  so let 's go back to the original . 
  how does saying the finance industry will likely relocate huge amounts of its operations to dublin/paris/frankfurt show a lack of european community ? 
  no ... you replied to a specific comment . 
  so you are just using boogeymen that have n't appeared against a very specific argument . 
  you were replying to a specific comment chain regarding consequences complaining that it showed a lack of european unity . 
  i 'm asking , specifically , what comments in this thread from anyone would lead you to that ? 
  no ... you 're putting words in our mouths saying we hope britain leaves because we are talking about consequences . 
  please ... what , specifically , are you referring to ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i have n't seen anyone hoping for leaving in these comments . 
  i hope they stay and the finance industry stays in london , but it 's just giving what would be the obvious consequences of cutting themselves out of the market .
