  in the us , you 're generally admired as having had the balls to make the company and go for it in the first place . 
  as usual , the uk is somewhere in the middle . 
  that 's iirc . 
  it might be a bit more , but i 'm pretty sure it 's limited because it 's a small rural cooperative and they do n't have the money to get all that infrastructure out and contract huge amount of bandwidth to the rest of the internet ( i 'm not really sure how it works ) but it 's a business/financial thing more than technical . 
  my family has 25 mb fiber in the middle of very rural amish country in indiana . 
  apart from the talent what silicon valley has is finance . 
  while there 's obviously a fairly active banking sector in europe , what really needs reformed are bankruptcy laws and financial activity which is where the us is way better than europe . 
  of which there are basically no new developments . 
  of course things are going to continue as normal . 
  but it 's impossible to measure less investment in a short term . 
  nobody actually knows real impact and even if there is one at this point , it 's likely minimal compared to other macroeconomic trends . 
  things may change drastically , or they may not , when a50 is invoked . 
  yeah . 
  that could be . 
  we go back to the same pact in a month with psoe allowing an open vote but making sure at least 11 abstain after the pp throws in a couple measures from the pact in the spring . 
  it means pretty much the same in english though i 'm not really sure what is what or its just spanish in my brain . 
  leftists tend to be much more purist with ideology . 
  the refrain i like is `` do n't let the perfect be the enemy of the good '', 
   the buses are limited to traveling at an average speed of just 6 miles an hour ( 10 km/hour ) `` this man on a morning jog is going to catch us ! '', 
  i mean , pp was the only party that actually gained votes compared to the previous election . 
  they were the only party that actively did better . 
  i 'd consider that winning big in a multi-party system . 
  i do n't like them , but that 's the reality of the situation . 
  as much as i dislike him , pp ran on an explicit position of not changing rajoy for anyone else and they won huge . 
  i think the conditions of the pact are n't terrible and they should probably be allowed to form . 
  i have no idea what the socialists are trying to get out of prolonging this . 
  they are fucked in new elections and their best bet is probably to just lie low . 
  podemos will lose a lot of their emotional support when the recovery starts making itself felt across society , though that will still be a few years from now . 
   there is really nothing that stops them from having a second set of negotiations in parallel to the ones to leave the eu , though article fifty does n't mandate that such talks happen . 
  well , aside from the fact that the a50 negotiations will affect the other ones . 
  but yeah , theoretically possible . 
  i mean , eea would be the best available outcome , but really eu is the best option , so it 's hard to follow that logic . 
  but the whole point of the op 's article is that eea is less of a priority than blocking freedom of movement and the eu wo n't budge on that . 
  i know irish are n't legally foreigners in the uk , i do n't know if that 's reciprocated but that 's beyond freedom of movement . 
  ( e.g. 
  irish can vote in uk elections and run for office ), 
  those two years are n't there to negotiate a new deal . 
  those two years are to negotiate the terms of the exit , not the terms of after the exit . 
  it will have to default to wto rules while the new deal is negotiated which does n't start until those two years are up . 
  funny how their damages then equal the payment they had to make . 
  the lesson learned ... the ones who really profit out of all this are the lawyers . 
  having a ton of cash is definitely a strategic advantage in general in and of itself . 
  it gives them a lot more flexibility in their corporate strategy . 
  that said , 13 billion is a fairly small percentage of their stockpile but that sort of liquidity should n't be overlooked as nothing . 
  if it was n't advantageous , they would n't have it in the first place ( compared to paying dividends , reinvesting , etc. . . ), 
    anyway , isds is still there and still circumvents existing legal systems although they changed the name . 
  any treaty with any kind of enforcement needs this otherwise it 's just an agreement in principle . 
  that 's just how national sovereignty works . 
  and yeah , countries are free to ignore the rulings , they 're just not free to ignore the ruling and continue receiving the benefits of the associated treaties . 
  it 's not even lowered and raised . 
  autos are the main example , it 's not that europe or the us has safer cars , it 's just that the standards are very different . 
  and access to the us market would be huge for european carmakers . 
  considering eea has basically nothing to do with social policy , i do n't get how the uk is all that to the right of norway and iceland . 
  you guys are pretty liberal , just have high taxes . 
  in fairness large migratory birds have a much lower reproduction rate and shorter lifetime . 
  killing small birds in the woods basically has no ecological impact because they can just reproduce really fast . 
  killing a single albatross can be a much more significant impact since they typically have a single chick per year , take many years to reach sexual maturity and can live for decades . 
  though , as someone that grew up in n. america , i still think we should be developing turbines that specifically target canada geese . 
  ttip does n't exist nor has it ever existed . 
  people are against provisional drafts and lots of it has positions that countries take just to use as negotiating leverage . 
  the whole point is that you negotiate with give and take on the whole and ca n't negotiate point by point . 
  if it were all easy and totally advantageous , there 'd be no need for negotiations in the first place . 
  the tricky part is getting clauses that might not be advantageous for a single member but are better for everyone on the whole . 
  well , it 's more that the negotiators are going to be more preoccupied with the a50 negotiations . 
  that will seriously take close to 100 % of the effort of both sides and being invoked is just the start of the process . 
  it will be another two years before it 's finalized and everyone knows the general layout of where things stand . 
  not only that , the us wo n't want to negotiate without knowing where the uk stands . 
  the leftist leavers are just weird . 
  i mean , being against everything is kind of typical of far left ideology even if it 's not consistent . 
  seriously , man . 
  you have the patience of a saint and actually know what you 're talking about . 
  funny how a lot of the same people who laughed at the brexiters and `` we do n't need experts '' argument just dismiss you outright because of feelings and all that . 
  yeah , they were planning on it , but it 's been clear for awhile it 's not going to be done in 2016 . 
  like it 's been clear for years . 
  obama wanted it as an accomplishment but it 's not going to happen . 
  you ca n't speak like ttip is a thing , it was just a proposal and uk being out of the game massively changes the negotiating positions . 
  i do n't know why everyone is walking away now , honestly . . 
  i figured it would take a break for brexit talks and then get back into force and maybe be negotiated by 2019 or so . 
  that 's a mighty positive view . 
  really , their job is to get elected . 
  they do that by demonizing their opponents and ( hopefully ) actually being productive . 
  but making people scared is probably more effective and that 's true for both left and right . 
   i do n't subscribe to the infinite growth model/myth . 
  do you realize that it 's infinite nominal grown rather than real growth ? 
  that 's the whole idea of inflation and gradual devaluation , you force innovation so you ca n't just rest on your accomplishments and do nothing in the long term . 
  also , the uk was one of the strongest liberal voices on the eu side of the table . 
  the deal is likely to be far more reaching than it would have been with the uk as part of the eu . 
  and not just from strong arming , the starting positions are a lot different . 
  meh , i would n't go there for a job for under around 4500 a month so it would n't be that big of a deal . 
  ireland first with uk second . 
  the language , and job prospects make dublin seem very attractive at the moment . 
  but the church was an integral part of the state when they were built so it 's a lot harder to separate than that . 
  things get to be extreme around here and in the far left `` secular '' tends to mean `` fuck the church '' rather than `` i 'm not involved '' . 
  i mean , you just used the pre-cogs . 
  best government we 've ever had . 
  politicians talk about how it 's inherently unstable , but i disagree . 
  things are now so deadlocked that there has to be at least 3 major parties to agree on something for anything to happen . 
  making change harder is promoting stability to me . 
  you know ... i feel the same about madrid but our weather is usually pretty great . 
  except for about 2 months of terrible heat a year .
