   and , perhaps more importantly , she 's not a member of the party , so she 's truly independent . 
  and getting very close to being openly hostile to podemos , funny enough . 
  also worth mentioning citizens as they are also trying to go for the outsider vote from the liberal point of view and definitely less successful electorally but arguably more influential and definitely just as much in the mix . 
  they formed as a pro-unionist catalan party so they can tend to be particularly extreme on that issue , though . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the vast majority of muslim migration in to spain is moroccan agricultural workers . 
  and really , once someone grows up here , we just think of them as spanish , too . 
  nobody thinks twice that [ i\u00f1aki williams ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i%c3%b1aki_williams ) is basque , for example . 
  part of that not giving a shit is we have no problem calling a black person black . 
  like , it 's not racist to call someone ` ginger ' or ` blondie ' and it 's just a physical characteristic . 
  same idea . 
  a lot of people get offended because someone will call a black person `` negrito '' or something , but it 's really from a place of affection . 
   especially in places people do n't know like asia . 
  how in the world would anyone know about the place where way more than half the world 's people live ? 
  officially it has to start on 15 june . 
  i have had it for at least the last month or so ( i did n't travel in the first part of the year ) . 
  i 'm guessing they wanted to make sure it was working early to be in compliance . 
  i 've used my phone for no additional cost in uk , germany and france so far this year so it 's not bad . 
  for the time being the us is on track to meet its obligations so ... nothing . 
  when they fail to meet obligations of the agreement , signatories or no , a carbon tariff should be applied to us products and that 's that . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzbfzwqeoko ), 
  usa is because you can get good brands for cheaper than almost anywhere else there . 
  i go often so i do n't spend too much in any one go , but i will usually spend a few hundred on shoes and clothing . 
  we just went to france for the weekend and we spent maybe 250 $ each tops and i 'm definitely not a backpacker type that tries to save every cent . 
  we have a chic shopping outlet in madrid and there are organized buses that come from the city center filled with chinese tourists and they buy suitcases and then fill them with clothes . 
  it 's insane . 
  most of the shops there have their hours and most signs posted in chinese , too . 
  anyone who can speak spanish , english and mandarin or russian can basically get a job there with very little effort . 
  definitely one that has to work well in spanish and english . 
  it 's easier for girls on that respect and i 'd like one that 's also pronounced close to the same . 
  so in that sense something like guillermo would be better than daniel . 
  i 'm a native us english speaker ( this map has me as strongly michigan though i grew up just across the border ) . 
  palm would be pretty much as it is in spanish , just with the normal english vowel with a lot of play to it . 
  jam is a short ` a ' and would rhyme with ` cat ' . 
  there 's not really any sound equivalent to it in spanish and i kind of do it extra nasally due to my accent . 
  madison is awesome . 
  the midwest is really great in general . 
  this correctly identified that i grew up in toledo , ohio ( at least until i was a teenager ) i have to say that 's pretty crazy . 
  it 's also kind of nuts that for everywhere i 've been since then how much i keep some of the speech habits from when i was very young . 
  just shows how powerful learning a language natively is . 
  there is scheduled to be a service from perth to london . 
  sydney to london is still too far for modern air service ( but we 're getting close ) 2 . 
  last i checked , uk and australia were different countries and i was talking about domestic flights i edited to be clearer, 
  also of note in this thread because i like airline trivia . 
  the longest schedule domestic non-stop flight in the world is french from paris de gaulle to saint denis , r\u00e9union . 
  the longest schedule direct domestic flight in the world ( but with a stop ) is also france from de gaulle to papeete , french polynesia . 
  it does have to make a stop in los angeles though but because both sides are to france , it 's not a fifth freedom flight . 
  another curiosity with french territory is that since the eu is a common aviation market , ( actually the ecaa and included norway ) , norwegian airlines is able to offer short haul flights from the us to french islands in the caribbean . 
  that line is super slow though . 
  it 's unreasonable to take the train over flying for business travelers which is a huge amount of ave passengers . 
  and for me it depends on the line . 
  i do n't know what they are doing dedicating resources to get it to murcia while basque country still is n't connected . 
  the connections are a major problem for our company since the bilbao airport can get major delays for winds in the winter and we go between bilbao and madrid a lot as do a ton of other companies . 
  the galicia line will be very good , too . 
  though i hate people judging the line to valladolid on its profitability because that was made to be only part of the galician and asturian line so you have to wait until it 's all done to see how it will do . 
  if you went to the canaries , you can absolutely say you 've been to spain . 
  they are very much so included as part of spain in things like news reports and weather . 
  something like 2 million people live there , hardly a small population . 
  administratively they are fully integrated into the country with a few special tax advantages . 
  it definitely feels like spain there . 
  do canary islands count ? 
  my apartment honestly could n't handle that much laundry . 
  our clothesline is already basically full all the time as it is . 
  so preface this that i 'm not ethnically spanish and i definitely look like a n european person . 
  i 'm 185 cm and while i 'm not freakishly tall , i 'm definitely taller than average here . 
  things like bus seats and some doors are problems . 
  ( oh how i love going to the netherlands where i fit perfectly in the train seats ) also worth remembering that there is a large generational gap in heights in spain with the younger generation being much taller since they grew up in a modern country that was n't dirt poor . 
  many grandparents that grew up after the civil war are very short because times were real bad and there was n't enough food to go around . 
  i 'd say you 'd be above average in spain , but well within the normal range . 
  fwiw my biggest problem is shoes since i wear a 47 ( 12uk , 13us ) and most shoe stores only go up to 46 . 
  it 's really frustrating to be just one size off . 
  i try to just buy shoes when i travel now . 
  my hair gets crazy when i 'm in bed and looks really bad if i do n't at the very least run a lot of water over it . 
  the worst part is i 'm pretty much mostly bald on top so it 's to manage the little bit of hair i do have . 
  how do you deal with keeping your towels dry . 
  my towels are constantly wet when i shower twice a day . 
  it 's definitely necessary in the summer here . 
  oh the new berlin airport . 
  it 's already under capacity even though it 's still not open . 
  i also find wonderful irony in the fact that air berlin will likely never be able to operate out of ber . 
  it 's ridiculous to watch but so much fun to play . 
  breentry ? 
  iirc , it was mostly a random thing about who used what for colors until the 2000 elections since nobody actually cared about electoral maps except for people who were really into politics . 
  well then florida happened and everyone was captivated by the electoral college map for a month or so and everyone just kind of coalesced around the colors nbc was using . 
  it 's a tounge in cheek way of saying the same people are on the same sides as back then even if nobody actually is fighting for who has the rights of succession and it 's basically just continually finding causes to support the grudges and not the other way around . 
  the spanish high speed rail network is really very good ( if it 's worth the cost is another question ) and has basically been under construction for the last 30 years and parts have been operational for 25 . 
  right now the next big opening will be service to granada . 
  in the next 10 years or so we can expect service to the basque country ( holy hell will this one save a lot of trouble ) and to asturias and galicia as well as service along the mediterranean coast . 
  it 's not planned but i hope they do make a connector so people will be able to go from catalonia to the basque country without passing through madrid because right now the only reasonable way to go for business travel is to fly . 
  madrid also has a many billion euro project in the pipeline to completely redevelop the northern part of the city . 
  [ the distirito castellana norte ] ( http://distritocastellananorte.com/ ) which includes some more skyscrapers , burying some railroad tracks and lots of investment in the area . 
  it 's currently stopped but it seems like it will be moving forward shortly . 
  the carlist wars never ended . 
  this is regional , too . 
  in mexico , it would be very strange for a server to refer to you as `` t\u00fa '' . 
  it 's best explained as formal/informal rather than respectful versus not . 
  a lot of times by using `` usted '' you are actually signalling being intentionally distant . 
  military people will use usted when giving official commands , for example . 
  in that case it 's weird since you can signal if you are being serious or not just with using formal speech . 
   so many closed very early hah , that was the end of the lunch service .
