  an independent scotland wo n't allow trident there and you can bet there will be massive protests to put it somewhere in england . 
  they may have to disarm . 
  france is n't really hostile to washington . 
  they 're happy to work together when they are aligned on something . 
  but yes , i agree that france really values diplomatic independence . 
   the euro has also gone down a lot as the uk with the pound has been dragging the whole of the eurozone down with it . 
  eurusd is within the same range it 's been for months . 
  i 've been using 1.1 at work pretty much all year . 
  saying anything bad might happened was just labelled as `` fearmongering '' . 
  you know , without actually saying why it was wrong . 
  is the party unpopular , or just him . 
  liberal economics tends to be relatively unpopular when not mixed with conservative social views . 
  scotland and to a lesser extent ni leaving would be great for him as it would leave just england and a few sheep in wales to convince of his shit , and they are his target . 
  ( and see what the fuck happens with gibraltar ), 
  i would bet the answer is yes , as a new member but with a fast-track policy . 
  that would also imply an obligation to adopt the euro ( though for the time being just not implementing erm ii works ) and an obligation to join schengen . 
  building a literal wall with england would be cathartic ( and make the english pay for it ), 
  you can only ship things out to non-eu countries by air freight . 
  the eu does n't have to allow in-transit , customs-free shipment . 
  ever since i started following the ep in the greek crisis , he 's by far my favorite mep . 
  up with reasonable liberals !, 
  yeah but they are n't going to be going to new destinations from those airports . 
  aviation is one of the areas that could me most heavily impacted by the brexit . 
  the eu openskies area is basically a single aviation market with international service agreements negotiated at the eu level . 
  pulling out of that is a huge fucking undertaking to get the flights back and this could massively sink the ability for planes to fly to as many countries as they do . 
  tim cook of emirates is probably salivating right now because he can use the negotiations to get permission for emirates to start fifth freedom flights between the us and uk ( they already do jfk-mxp ) . 
  but yeah , those agreements have to be negotiated by the governments involved and i just do n't see how the uk logistically has enough civil servants to really get that done to be able to maintain the levels of service they have . 
  this could destroy a lot of the new routes ba has been developing . 
  brazil will be a tough nut to crack , for example , since they are usually pretty protectionist and their political system in in turmoil . 
  i think they can get their main markets quickly like us/india/s . 
  africa / hk / singapore, 
  ryanair only orders new planes and takes the depreciation . 
  it 's a business strategy . 
  basically the money saved on maintenance ( along with improved reliability ) plus being able to count the depreciation losses makes it the better financial decision . 
  especially in a business sense , they are one of the best run airlines in the world . 
  that said , take anything michael o'leary says with a big pinch of salt , saying crazy shit is his mo. 
  it 's probably true in this case , but that 's just how he operates . 
  dear lord , it 's already cramped in most configurations . 
  for an airline that grows as aggressively as ryanair , not growing in the uk market is a huge deal . 
  france and uk are bros. 
  they just fight a lot but they love each other deep down . 
  but you ca n't have an open border if you have different trade rules and different rules for who can enter, 
  that word came to spanish but got anglicized . 
  example : ese chico es un crack . 
  england will be the successor state of the uk . 
  to think otherwise is preposterous . 
  the uk also has a fuckload of cars to sell to europe . 
  germany has other markets . 
  the uk does n't . 
  a 1 % move in currency trading is huge . 
  just let scotland handle it . 
  southern spain has much larger municipalities because as land was being conquered from the muslims , it was given to the conquerors much faster so they ended up with bigger pieces of land . 
   maybe some of these parties are borderline communist alberto garz\u00f3n is the head of the literal communist party . 
  that seems more than a bit borderline . 
  well , both of them have significant operations in the uk , so that would be part of it . 
  santander , at least , also has operations in us , latin america and other parts of europe that help it out . 
  keep in mind that 's in nominal pounds . 
  you have to take away another 10 % or so just in the value of the pounds to have a realistic look at the real values . 
  it 's nuts . 
  well , the value of the pound hits dollar parity ( distinctly possible at this point ) then it could be worth it . 
  though that is because the uk will be so much poorer and their wages wo n't buy as much stuff . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  i think not going through with a full exit from the common market , not even eea is what 's mandated here . 
  you ca n't set the rules and get upset when you lose . 
  my one point of contention is that this is n't a left/right thing . 
  i 'm liberal as they come and i am gutted by this ( though i 'm not british , so whatever ), 
  yeah , but now that it 's going to be the biggest english-speaking city in the eu , it will become a lot more attractive to business and will trigger a boom there for plenty of culture and other stuff that the executives that will have to live there also like . 
  well , edinburgh could benefit as well from the same stuff . 
  some countries are easier or harder to immigrate into as a skilled laborer . 
  ireland just needs to to have a skill and have an offer of 30k $ or more , as an example . 
  it 's not actually that easy to get a tier 2 visa in the uk . 
  not guaranteed . 
  iirc spain is the only eu country where the youth speak worse english than middle aged people . 
  i think they are finally starting to improve with the generation that 's making its way through the education system now , but it will still be another 15-20 years before those people are in positions that matter . 
   hell , you 're a chemist and you speak flawless english . 
  i would hope so , i am originally from the us . 
   do people who work in finances in spain like investment bankers not speak english ? 
  lots of times nope . 
  [ this is emilio bot\u00edn , former head of santander . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaldowqiq2m ), 
  yeah , the bigger issue is that they were very , very clear about what they were voting about even if they were shitty about the information informing the decision . 
  i saw it mentioned here , but it 's an important point that not going through a full brexit is basically saying that voting does n't matter , especially when anger over disconnect between people and the elites was a huge driving factor of the vote . 
  if people truly believe that voting ca n't effect change , then the next step is political violence . 
  my prediction , uk shoots itself in the foot , is noticeably poorer in the next few years and in 10-15 years they try to get back in the eu and the eu wo n't allow euro and schengen exemptions but the negotiations will be able to provide a lot of the impetus to change those institutions in the fundamental way they need . 
  hey , a brit that has n't been to spain . 
  the catalan situation is generally a clusterfuck in general . 
  they are likely going to new elections again as their coalition did n't last a year ( i do n't know what people expected with a pro-business group aligned with anarcho-communists ) when they could n't pass budgets . 
  the norwegians never really directly spend the oil money , but rather the gains from the wealth fund , which is a fundamentally sustainable model and is still going up regardless of oil prices , just not by as much . 
  spain did n't object in 2014 , and they wo n't object so long as westminster agrees to it . 
   in 2014 we were asked to take a leap . 
  this time we 'll be asked to preserve the status quo . 
  i disagree in a subtle way . 
  basically now , scotland will be taking a leap no matter what but the question is if it will be on their terms or being dragged around by england . 
  i would have been against independence before based on it being generally needless in the circumstances . 
  well now , things are going to be a clusterfuck no matter what so going independent and having the support of the eu seems a lot better . 
  hell , even the idea of the euro seems a lot more stable than the pound at this point . 
  i do n't know if it 's dead , but the negotiations are going to go on much longer now and it 's probably going to have to get rewritten quite a bit , now . 
  remember there 's still no concrete agreement to be opposed to . 
  it was a big point in the indyref last time . 
  salmond even came to madrid because of it .
