  cheap cigarettes and alcohol for all !!, 
  i would say you need to be learning spanish for general life but i know a lot of english teachers with quite poor spanish . 
  i would say look in south europe in general since english levels are much lower than in the north . 
  this also means knowing the local language is much more useful . 
  my interest in each one was very different . 
  you guys do n't elect your councils ? 
  a lot of the town elections there were actually fairly personal because vote margins were often very thin and it would affect things like why police show up at your place , so they are fairly important . 
  the reality is i had almost no contact with the federal government apart from the post office ( and that 's only loosely associated ) , taxes , and the occasional trip to social security ( nothing at all like the european social security ) . 
  for as much nationalism as there is back home , the dominant government in most people 's lives is their state . 
  this will obviously vary but is probably pretty close to the norm . 
  so , to respond to your point , national elections are more of an exercise in personal political theory than anything truly important in anyone 's life . 
  this is a big reason why there is such vile opposition to federal taxation ( retarded , but i understand why ) and such crazy rhetoric all over the place in the us . 
  i abstain from low level elections in the usa now because i do n't live there , but i used to vote for city , county , state , national level candidates . 
  arguably most affected by the two lowest levels . 
  1000 years ago europe was a poor cultural backwater and the most important people were the arabs . 
  i think the bigger question is if there is fiscal union , what do you do about the non eurozone eu countries . 
  will they have to abstain from all budget votes ? 
  i think it would lose all legitimacy if the uk went very noisily to vote for opinions that they wo n't allow themselves to be a part of . 
  it 's completely unnerving , but it 's just how the eurozone politics works . 
  it ca n't really do anything proactively right now because to get anything unpopular through ... people have to be truly scared and be shown very plainly there is little other choice . 
  i 'm not really worried about the immediate term , when the shit hit 's the fan , those at the top have shown they are willing to throw their weight around to ensure the common currency does n't fail . 
  the fact that they are working toward medium term solutions is very encouraging . 
  bond markets are concerned with if a specific bond will be paid back . 
  and honestly , i think the bet is that the usa are able to pay back everything they are taking out right now . 
  bond markets have a tendency to have a very sharp trigger , though . 
  that should already be taken care of on their balance sheets . 
  although i do n't even pretent to know the kind of magic banks do for assets and liabilities . 
  they can seemingly move things from one column to the other at will . 
  i seem to recall you guys helping to cause a lot of damage down here . 
  your current account balance is 5 % of your gdp . 
  devaluing would help you guys . 
  if you 're for single sets of laws , what the hell do you think the eu is ?!, 
  you want to keep that but have no voice in it , i really do n't follow you . 
  you really do n't see the advantage of having a single set of laws ? 
  prime example : as soon as i do my atex training , i am then certified for hazardous environments across the eu . 
  there are huge advantages of everything being under single regulatory guidance . 
  it would also probably mean the uk leaving the cap and trade system which would probably lead to industrial restrictions between the uk and the continent . 
  i can see avoiding the eurozone , especially with a resource based economy , but why would n't you want to be in the eu ? 
  the eurozone has plenty of spare cash to guarantee any greek bonds in eurozone banks , hell even let the uk in on that action there really is n't that much greek debt . 
  the banks are already willing to take the 50 % write down . 
  just guarantee the bonds for that much and tell them to take it or leave it . 
  this secret referendum idea is just a giant `` fuck you '' to the union . 
  if they do n't want in , fine secure everyone who does and let them have the referendum choose to send themselves to third world status democratically . 
  i do n't know if they 'd also have to leave the eu , as well ... but hey , they want to vote on it . 
  cutting off the biggest problem to the rest of europe would would give enough time to make it work and get a real new treaty negotiated . 
  i was seriously actually hopeful this time around and they had to do something stupid . 
   do n't be absurd , the imf and world bank will lend money to them , yes they will have to scale back spending a lot but they will also be able to write off a lot of debt which would help the greeks a lot . 
  argentina and many other countries have survived a default and prospered . 
  argentina still ca n't play at international finance and gets national assets seized to this day . 
  that 's something to strive for !, 
   yeah , look at iceland , they bounced back quite well . 
  the problem is that if greece defaults it will fuck over germany , france and italy and to some extent the uk due to exposure to the greek debt . 
  iceland was private debt . 
  there were issues with guarantees , but national default was never an issue . 
   bit rich coming from a spaniard ... yeah , i know being in a country that has n't taken anything in bailouts and contributes plenty to the efsf while maintaining one of the best debt/gdp issues in the union is a problem . 
  also , not a spaniard . 
  right ... but one sends them to old school 2nd world economic status which is recoverable and another sends them to shitty african country status . 
  they wo n't ever get another loan until they pay off everything that is denominated in euros . 
  that will be practically impossible with a new currency . 
  the greeks are behaving like petulant teenagers willing to cut off their nose to spite their face . 
  they are so pissed the rest of europe is allowing them to go through painful times they do n't even stop to consider what it would be without their help right now . 
  they wanted into the euro in the first place . 
  the fact that they abused it has ensured painful times guaranteed . 
  i 'm not jewish but i have been told by some american jew friends that there is a lot of pressure for jewish to mean israeli to some extent in america . 
  jewish religion , jewish ethnicity , and the israeli nation are things that can theoretically be confused . 
  which is exactly why the union is working perfectly . 
  in times when nationalist resentment can flare ... people are forced to work together no matter how much they may hate it . 
  i would imagine it would have something to do with how the laws are written for the debt held by each organisation . 
  the banks are `` voluntarily '' taking write downs so they do n't trigger a credit event meaning it is not , in the strictest sense , a default because they banks are voluntarily reagreeing to the terms so the greeks are therefore still in compliance . 
  i imagine a lot of that may be illegal for the ecb and imf to do ( although that never seemed to matter to them before ) . 
  not a lawyer at all , but these things can get really mucked up in legal language really quickly . 
  it may be the fact that i 'm originally from the the centre of the us , but just overall getting the feeling that london was much more like madrid than anything i knew from home . 
  kind of hard to explain from my pov , really . 
  i could definitely see myself getting used to it , but being so different from expectations was weird . 
  really , i was raised in the usa and live in spain . 
  my first time in the uk actually felt like a huge culture shock . 
  i do n't know , maybe i was expecting things to be like i was used to growing up just because i was back to speaking my native language , but something about london made me eerily uncomfortable . 
  that said , i 'd still really like to see the rest of the country . 
  you have no idea what schengen is . 
  actually seems like a good model to help support security for places that may need additional riot controls without bearing the permanent cost . 
  i 'm thinking like having a bunch of extra spare bodies to send to london over the summer would have been very helpful . 
  maybe not even with arrest powers , but just as riot control . 
  this is the sort of thing the eu should be focusing on for integration . 
  this and mobile phone networks . 
  allowing a single company to operate across borders without having to establish a national subsidiary would be a huge deal . 
  also amazon.es selection really does suck . 
  that 's super expensive . 
  i filled up for 1,3 $ / l on friday . 
  diesel is even cheaper . 
  but i fear the retaliation of your vodka crazed pet bear on roller skates . 
  as someone that grew up in the us , i always feel vaguely uncomfortable in the uk because everyone speaks my native language but it 's so different from my native environment . 
  also , the wrong side of the road thing is way more disconcerting than it should be . 
  it 's not about the romanians/bulgarians themselves ... it 's about the people they let in . 
  for just a little bit of money you can bribe customs very easily . 
  i thought you guys were talking about getting out of schengen ? 
  i was under the impression that schengen has nothing to do with work permits . 
  you said yourself that you have to present id to cross the border into the schengen zone meaning they are not included in it . 
  not needing a passport is irrelevant , for example the uk is not a member of schengen but spanish people can still go there with just a dni ( national id card ) . 
  the right to work is a separate issue that is part of the eu framework and was negotiated as part of their entry . 
  currently countries may restrict work permits for bulgaria and romania , but they will be forced to allow them to work very soon .
