  if they go to the private sector , they are much more responsive and cost conscious because that 's what the client demands . 
  it was once explained to me that the ceo of rolls royce ca n't know what a lot of the american division does . 
  he basically has to see it as a black box for accounting purposes where some money goes in and even more comes out . 
  the f-35 executes what they were asked to do quite well . 
  it 's the end customer ( us gov ` t ) that 's essentially at fault for insisting on a product that compromised to be alright at lots of stuff rather than great at a few tasks . 
  my personal fault with the program is n't technical but on the management side and the opportunity cost of all that money in the first place . 
  i have said i am very cautiously optimistic . 
  i do n't believe it but lm is not some startup looking for a few million . 
  they could lose a lot more by hyping something that is completely untrue . 
  i know an appeal to authority is meaningless from a truth standpoint , but it seems like something to at least consider in weighing how to think of the news . 
  i get the idea they are in some kind of ip limbo for not revealing details and it 's the lawyers in the driver 's seat more than anyone else right now . 
  the fact that fusion is fundamentally an engineering problem rather than the science behind it means they very well could have some sort of innovative breakthrough . 
  tl ; dr ; do n't believe it yet , but do have some hope some sort of big move forward will happen, 
  normally not long enough to be meaningful . 
  like maybe a few weeks . 
  the biggest issue of all of this is a gas internconnection more than electric . 
  it 's just one of those things about keeping warm to avoid getting sick . 
  most heat is via radiators here . 
  but it becomes a habit and an old wives tale so even in the summer when i will take cold showers to cool down i hear it , though i never wear any shoes at home in the middle of summer . 
  yeah , russia , france , uk , usa , have a long history with it . 
  china is getting into the game now , they really only have outstanding debts and have n't been playing long enough to get to the forgiveness stage , but they 'll get there soon in africa . 
  hah , god help me if my mother in law ever sees me walking around home without some sort of shoes on . 
  either slipper or regular shoes , but being unshod is almost a scandal . 
  so you 're saying they are definitely not refugees and definitely are economic migrants . 
  same story with spain . 
  like yeah , the economy sucks now but it 's still a pretty nice place to live . 
  i think we 've taken like 40 something . 
  it 's been a year since madrid city hall has made a big show of it and has a `` refugees welcome '' poster in the middle of an emblematic building . 
  i think that annoys me the most , since it does n't even look well done and at some point you 're not proving any more of a point . 
  the thing is that 's how negotiating works . 
  i feel like a lot of people here do n't deal with negotiations regularly and positions can be wildly apart and unacceptable fairly routinely . 
  it 's just to be able to come back later and say `` look , i moved for you , what do you give me now '' when everyone knew from the beginning that it would never fly . 
  it 's why it has to be done in secret in the first place because you need a bit of deceit to get your best deal . 
  why could n't they just move to izmir ? 
  turkey , on the whole , is still a safe country . 
  i ca n't imagine asylum will be accepted from there . 
  total debt is only really slightly related to cash flow and liquidity . 
   why is the nl/bl border arbitrary , rather than split across a river ? 
  it 'd be much more logical to divide the countries by a river . 
  you should look up baarle-hertog, 
  the portuguese coast never gets to be all that warm , especially compared to the mediterranean . 
  well , unless you count madeira , i suppose . 
  c 's proposed an independent leader of the government . 
  while it 's possible to govern with a plurality in the parliament , you actually have to be able to win a vote and so far no working combination has worked and it would require a big party to abstain and none is willing to . 
  rivera was a swimmer and is still pretty young . 
  pp will bring out albiol as their ringer . 
  i honestly like the dna testing better than harsher sentences . 
  people will still get away with it if they see nobody is around when their dog shits . 
  i think a lighter penalty but much higher probability of getting caught would have a much better effect . 
  from a purely `` can it be done '' perspective , that 's not too much of an issue . 
  there 's plenty of stuff constantly exposed to seawater . 
  it just means you have to spend more money on materials , cathodic protection , sacrificial zinc annodes ( though those are relatively cheap ) , etc. . . 
  it all comes down to opportunity costs though and i just ca n't see that much physical movement of energy from moving these floats around for the amount of effort it would take on each one . 
  yes , waves have lots of energy , but that energy is from the total mass of the water of which you can only collect a very small amount . 
  i 'm not confusing them , i said that was energy produced per 1000 kg . 
  so that 's the energy produced per ( about , a little less than ) 1 cubic meter . 
  and there 's no way in hell each float is 100 cubic meters . 
  that 's massive . 
  i would be shocked if it 's 10 % of that . 
  the engineering does n't really cost extra money since it has to be `` engineered '' either way . 
  slightly more materials will cost more money for more forces and what 's really expensive is paying for a crew to be out there for the extra time . 
  but a turbine is much more productive . 
  theoretically possible ... probably . 
  it any way worth the costs over just putting a wind turbine there ... almost definitely not . 
  i have trouble believing that number . 
  i did some rough calculations elsewhere in the thread and that would mean roughly 2 million kgs of float mass assuming 5m seas ( which is a pretty generous assumption ) because of the physics involved . 
  that is a lot of displacement . 
   these things look considerably easier to install then windturbines . 
  as someone involved in selling construction projects ... no they do n't . 
  the hard part is the pilings to fix it to the sea floor regardless . 
  also , wind turbines produce a ton more energy and i 'd like to see costs associated with each technology to compare investments . 
  i do n't say research should n't be done , but research is about prototyping and see what can be done , not necessarily what should be done based on economics . 
  number of homes is a stupid way to measure electricity , especially when you need to talk about utility scale . 
  i still want to see what the cost is compared to the output . 
  by physics , you get more energy the more massive the floats are , but they can only be so massive for a certain size before they sink . 
  since the energy added to the system is going to be equal to * mgh * ( let 's just have g be 10 to make rough estimates easy ) . 
  let 's say 5m waves for absolute massive waves coming every 30 seconds and 1000 kg of float . 
  that 's 10m of vertical displacement so we have 10 m * 10 m/s ^ 2 * 1000 kg . 
  so that 's 100000 j per 30 seconds which converts to roughly 3 kw of production per 1000 kg of float is very rough seas . 
  that 's not nothing , but a single off-shore wind turbine can produce roughly 1000 times that amount . 
  ( around 3 mw ) offshore wind tends to be much more reliable , as well . 
  and then managing to barely come on top of australia and fail in the group stage . 
  euros this year are going to be an embarrassment . 
  well no , but it 's simple math . 
  the uk being very influential in an eu negotiating as a bloc with $ 18.5 tn economy is going to be able to have a lot more influence than the us at $ 16.5 tn . 
  if it 's uk vs us you are doing $ 2.7 tn versus $ 16.5 tn so clearly they are going to have to make a lot more concessions in the latter scenario , especially since trade laws are generally already aligned within the eu so it can actually negotiate more or less coherently as a single bloc . 
  the uk will still be an important country but its relative importance , economically speaking , will only wane on its own as developing economies continue to develop . 
  ( yeah , brazil 's a mess , but it wo n't be a mess forever ) this is true both within and outside of the eu and at least as a single market bloc , it 's much easier to navigate despite the pitfalls . 
  the only other argument is the eea argument , but then what 's the point of losing the vote since agriculture and fisheries is n't that important to the uk ? 
  it 's not like you guys need food to be even more expensive . 
  wsj 's crediblilty went to shit soon after newscorp bought them from dow jones . 
  they are `` major '' in the same way that fox news is `` major '' . 
  their opinion quality dropped like a brick within a few months and that was a few years ago now . 
  there 's lots of points i disagree with and is pretty much all based on the low debt is virtuous argument . 
  in reality debt is neither good nor bad . 
  good debt is good and bad debt is bad and that mentality refuses to see the difference which is especially insane given the current interest rate environment . 
  vodafone in spain has a europe plan that does n't include roaming . 
  ( it also includes the usa which is fantastic ), 
  that 's probably pretty true that rates will skyrocket for travel . 
  i ( well my company ) accidentally got a several hundred euro charge just in andorra because it 's not eu .
