  time to party for dollar parity . 
  ( i 'm in an export business ), 
  it lets everyone else not be the `` bad '' guy while germany appears more influential than it actually is . 
  traffic is moving shockingly well for being the m30 at alcal\u00e1, 
  it 's not so much sad as learning how to get more value . 
  there are a lot of italians in the us , so it 's not surprising that there is a premium on the `` italian '' stuff . 
  i do n't know if you 've ever bought any olive oil over there , but it 's crazy how expensive it is . 
  it was like over $ 5 per liter iirc . 
  a lot of `` italian '' oil is actually spanish but shipped in large vats and bottled in italy to be sold as `` italian '' to america which fetches a higher price . 
  it does n't sound as strange in spanish . 
  it would be like saying some people like to pretend to be cool . 
  but varoufakis is , indeed , an exquisite peson . 
  ( you left off the second half of the second sentence which really ties it all together ), 
  so while i agree it 's a problem , a huge portion of the buildings they scare people with in the wiki article are not affected at all . 
  the more i think about it , the more i think all that is really needed is a banking union . 
  the problem with all of this is greek banks collapsing . 
  if there were a true banking union , there would n't be `` greek '' banks , but ez banks . 
  the creditors would be screwed , but it would be just like if a us state goes bust , or what 's going to happen in puerto rico . 
  shitty for those involved ... but meh . 
  on top of it to a spanish paper . 
  terrorism is a hot topic here . 
  between eta and the madrid bombings terrorism strikes a nerve . 
  the source interview was published in spanish and the translation is pretty good from spanish . 
  if he really did n't mean what he said is another question but it is what was published . 
  we have a huge variety of climates here so they have to be fairly regional . 
  not to mention comparing both archipelagos, 
  in winter it 's usually about as cold here ( madrid ) as netherlands . 
  i say this as someone that has to travel between the two a lot . 
  continental weather , you know . 
  and on the southern coasts , 10 degrees honestly feels frigid because all the construction is designed to get heat away . 
  i usually feel much colder at 12-15 degrees on the andalusian coast than i do at 0 in madrid . 
  you never hear too much about how shitty it is that cap funds fund poor countries or how eu funds develop infrastructure too much in the east . 
  the fundamental difference in what would happen in the us vs. eu at this point is the banks . 
  here there are still 28 banking systems while in the us there is one with federal deposit insurance . 
  a true banking union would make this crisis change a lot . 
  right now , the mechanism for the grexit is via a collapse of greek banks . 
  i would be totally for an eu or at least ez wide deposit insurance fund . 
  in the us , states can absolutely go bust . 
  the shit that 's happening in greece will likely happen in illinois ( another wonderfully corrupt place ) . 
  they were honestly very generous is doing that with no deal to back it up and a missed payment . 
  and they will bear losses compared to what they own . 
  ( well , not the ecb because they can magic away losses because they 're the ecb ) the thing is greece has much more to lose in this game of chicken yet they are trying to negotiate from power because game theory and some shit . 
  here 's all that game theory 's biggest failing . 
  it works well in single discreet transactions , but the basis is being completely unreliable and untrustworthy . 
  long term partner relationships are based on trust and they have pissed it all away because it 's a fucking game to varoufakis . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_resolution_mechanism well for one ... it 's still not a thing that 's established yet . 
  also , even if they were to bend the rules and somehow make it up on the fly , greece has n't ratified it . 
  i respect your candor and probably would honestly feel the same were i a greek . 
  my problem with the whole mess is the amount of deception from the government about what a `` no '' vote means . 
  it really seems as stark as you put it , but they are just lying about that . 
  greece promised to reform revenue collection twice now . 
  they have failed to deliver . 
  it 's understandable that they need to show actual progress before an agreement now . 
  their own results have shown they used too much carrot and not enough stick in that particular area . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much always been their position so long as it 's other people 's debt . 
  also the position is get the real reforms done and then they can talk . 
  they got burned on the issue before with greece so they wo n't trust promises for future actions . 
  it 's not set to get cooler anytime soon either . 
  i 'm really hoping my company needs me in argentina or s. africa or somewhere else it 's not so fucking hot . 
  just looked at the 2 week forecast . 
  today is the lowest temperature day on the forecast and it 's still terrible . 
  yeah , these northerns are all adorable . 
  idealism for toppling the existing corrupt systems is what led to the arab spring . 
  it does n't always work out so well no matter how noble the motives . 
  the strength of the belief is not an indicator of the correctness of the belief . 
  not saying one way or another , but look at how many religious people cry because of how powerfully they believe in it . 
  most likely it means that the ecb will not increase it 's limit of emergency loans it has been giving greek banks so that they have enough cash to give to people taking money out of their account . 
  everyone agrees that the banking situation will last until monday . 
  after that , there seems to be uncertainty as to how long the situation will last . 
  realistically , it 's likely that the greek gov ' t will lower the limit to 20 $ per day to get a few more days , but the banks are unlikely to have enough cash to be able to pay out by the end of the week . 
  at that point pretty much the only option is to nationalize the banks since the state does n't have the cash to pay out on deposit insurance . 
  at that point pretty much the only solution is to change currency to the drachma and forcibly convert all accounts from euros to drachma . 
   disclaimer : we use different words for large numbers in german . 
  billion ( ger ) = trillion ( eng ) = 1.000.000.000.000 fun lesson . 
  this is actually [ long scale vs. short scale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales ) and happened in english . 
  the uk actually adapted officially to the us usage . 
  it 's confusing here as finance is so dominated by english and loan words so i really do n't know if people mean 10 ^ 9 or 10 ^ 12 when using * bill\u00f3n * in an informal context . 
  my winter setting at home is usually 18-19 . 
  it does get cold here , too and you are dressed for it either way . 
  you pull your handbrake every time you are stopped at a light ? 
  the imf position has n't really changed though . 
  they say debt relief once they see reforms have been done because they were burned on it already . 
  in the mean time it may be too late anyway because the greek financial system ca n't function . 
  the right is anything but unified in spain at this point . 
  half of pp wants rajoy out and there is c 's for people that do n't give a shit about the social stuff . 
   catalan  jos\u00c9 you do n't even know what you might have started . 
  fyi , it would be josep , but i would say jordi is probably the most stereotypical catalan name . 
  i got that ... and i asked how ? 
  by what method are they in any sort of trouble ? 
  they are already on very questionable legal ground as it is and have absolutely zero basis to raise the limit . 
  how are they fucked ? 
  the ecb ca n't have liquidity issues by definition they can always give out more euros . 
  everyone seems to be ignoring the bank liquidity problem . 
  if the banks start to go after he specifically said they would open or they have to start printing drachmas after he specifically promises they will stay in the euro no matter what , he may be in problems . 
  but from the other point of view . 
  everyone knows there needs to be structural reforms , specifically to revenue collection but it has been promised and failed before so why would you spend money on another promise . 
  the stance is `` fix it , and then we 'll talk '' . 
  there have been two bailouts that involved fixing it and it 's still not better so at this point you ca n't base an agreement on a promise that has failed to deliver twice . 
  * checks berlin weather * it 's not that he did n't understand , it 's that it 's still open window temperature . 
  ac is often set to 26-28\u00ba in spain in the summer in big buildings .
