  there 's ways to expand , it just might mean a lot more building up rather than out but are n't most israelis living in blocks anyway ? 
  your argument was that there 's literally not land available to expand on in israel proper . 
  that 's just not true . 
  existing areas can be made more dense and there is land available to expand on . 
  like the fundamental disagreement here is that the west bank is n't israel 's to use as it wishes . 
  it needs to either annex the whole place or figure out a way to give it up . 
  i 'm fully behind israel 's right to be a jewish homeland , but we 're going to be closing in on 50 years now of military occupation , either take it or get rid of it , but there 's just no will in the israeli government for either option . 
  i 'm all for sensible regulation , but aside from the deactivation part , what existing problem is actually addressed ? 
  this was done to look like they were doing something about jihadis and their illegal guns . 
  but those guns were already illegal and they are still illegal and the people using them still do n't care . 
  i would support looking at how policing and enforcement works and other procedures to ensure that existing laws are upheld , but new rules addressing something that is n't a problem does n't help anyone except the politicians who can say they `` did something '' . 
  yeah , this is what bothers me the most . 
  there is clearly a problem with enforcing the existing rules . 
  the solution is n't to make more rules , it 's to actually flesh out why we have such a problem dealing with illegal guns . 
  ak47s are n't any less legal now than they were before this . 
  that has n't stopped paris from seeing them used on their streets several times . 
  more than any concrete treaty , there was honestly good will to try and come to a deal after the oslo accords . 
  not saying it still would n't have been difficult but that was a very hopeful moment . 
   there may be an amount of money massive enough to convince them , but it 's probably unaffordable for israel ... to israel yes ... but not to the usa . 
  at least for the wb , jordan 's gdp is $ 37bn . 
  you think if the us came in and said they 'd get aid packages , infrastructure investment etc. . . worth 100 % of gdp on the condition that they annex the wb , they 'd say no ? 
  egypt would be more expensive , simply because they are a larger country and have a stronger negotiating position , but while it would n't be a similar % of gdp , getting the money to basically rebuild the area for free get the infrastructure , plus enough to notably impact the rest of the country would be hard to say no to . 
  happy is n't the right term . 
  i think it 's a shitty thing to do , but i 'm satisfied with the result . 
  welcome to geopolitics , shitty people with shitty choices . 
  it 's not an arabs being corrupt thing . 
  i think all countries go out for their own self interests . 
  the us could easily afford to pay jordan 100 % of their gdp for the west bank . 
  that would be a huge influx of money they 'd be stupid to deny . 
  i mean those territories literally used to be jordan and egypt not so long ago so it 's not that huge of a leap . 
  i used the word `` bribe '' as a cynical joke , but it would be in the form of quid-pro quo aid packages , military equipment , etc. . . egypt would n't be so high with % of gdp because of their huge population , but it would probably be even more money and possibly some operational support from the saudis in helping to control the sinai . 
  like i said ... you bribe them . 
  with the right price point they could want it . 
  solving this issue is worth a lot of money . 
  i feel like you 're being downvoted for your flair which is completely unfair and that 's a good eli5 explanation . 
  israel is n't that densely populated . 
  https://www.google.es/maps/@31.8177981,34.7651136,3a,75y,109.42h,90.31t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s72bk559eti_vyvmol7ne6w!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo1.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d72bk559eti_vyvmol7ne6w%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d26.63617%26pitch%3d0%26thumbfov%3d100!7i13312!8i6656 that is just a random place i looked at not far from tel aviv . 
   they have been making that choice for over fifty years . 
  the occupied territories will remain under the control of israel . 
  it 's so sad when you think this was soooo close to actually being fixed in the 90s until rabin was killed . 
   the problem is israeli government does not want a one-state solution . 
  they do n't want to incorporate palestine , at least not as long as palestinians still live there . 
  there are other options . 
  basically bribe jordan and egypt with a fairly massive amount of money to incorporate the west bank and gaza into their respective countries . 
  golan will go unsolved for awhile but it 's not really a geopolitical flashpoint the way the other two are . 
  middle aged people now are generally pretty good with tech . 
  often better than kids technically since they grew up when things were a lot less intuitive . 
  widespread internet is around 20 years old now , remember . 
  i mean , they associate . 
  iglesias was on stage with tsipras when syriza won , for example . 
  i guess we do n't really know how syriza will end up either , but it does n't look great for them , either . 
  pretty much ... i guess it makes sense that they merged together . 
  iu was already plagued by internal battles among all the different parties , the perfect solution is obviously to add another party that is a coalition of lots of parties and also suffers internal battles . 
  ca n't see how that can go wrong . 
  when i hear italian it messes with my brain so much . 
  i will get whole sentences with no problem and then i will just lose it and pick it back up again . 
  italian is the only language i ca n't handle subtitled movies in and need the dub . 
  their politics seems to me more about making sure they send messages and destroying the system than anything else . 
  i see them ending up something similar to how the communists are in greece . 
  a solid 15 % no matter what but just refuse to support anything . 
  yeah they are beyond idealists and let their ideas of perfect get in the way of something good all the time . 
  yay . 
  i 'm travelling abroad next week . 
  thanks , france !, 
  i think we really need to see how the german elections shape up to really give an answer to that . 
  macron and schulz ... probably . 
  macron and merkel , probably a compromise . 
  imagine a russian that came of age around 1980 . 
  alive to see the ussr dragged through afghanistan and then the whole country falls apart . 
  the new countries are proud of their new independence and nationalism while the russians basically get told it 's shit to be russian ( not that they were n't guilty of imperialism through the ussr and trying to supersede local identities ) . 
  then the entire country gets looted to an astronomical degree and people are still poor and miserable since they managed the transition particularly bad . 
  then along comes putin who gives a message of `` it 's a good thing to have russian pride '' and transforms what can be a healthy patriotism into a virulent nationalism . 
  but people see quality of life going up and feel good about who they are ( hooray oil prices ) . 
  of course they are going to rally around that leader . 
  combine that with there basically never having been a free press in russia and everyone being so used to being lied to that even incredibly damning information is just an agenda and the smallest thing could be a conspiracy theory . 
  never mind where shit looks really screwy ( apartment bombings , anyone ? ), 
  so that cynicism about life is applied to politics and people think it 's just not something the regular people participate in so they just naturally gravitate around what they see as having materially improved their lives . 
  like , i think russia 's really dangerous on a global geopolitical front , but i can understand how someone growing up there feels how they do . 
  i mean , they are all related . 
  i assume the orange book is why citizens chose their color as orange in the first place ( though when they formed they were more single issue about catalan unionism ) . 
  but yes , it 's basically a pro-limited welfare , pro-market , pro-personal liberty stance . 
  just to be pedantic ... they are pluralities not majorities . 
  afaik nobody got a majority anywhere . 
  if i told you you probably wo n't roll a three or a four on a six sided die , that does n't mean i was wrong if that happens . 
  that 's what they were saying with their probability . 
  a 1 in 3 chance is a huge possibility and they ... correctly ... said trump was a real shot . 
   few people think of themselves as georgians over americans , for example . 
  this was pretty much the opposite when the us constitution was written and is something that is often forgotten when thinking about the history . 
  but if you 're not willing to go to those methods , then you do n't meet the same level of evil that is the nazis . 
  that 's an integral part of what made them so terrible . 
  predicting 60-65 % is basically a 99.9999 % chance of winning . 
  vote share is not the same as probability of victory . 
  also citizens in spain . 
  i 'm wondering if it would actually be popular for him to actively support the lib dems in the uk election ? 
    sure . 
  but there seems to be an attitude that you more or less have to be guilty of a genocide to `` earn '' that branding - anything short of that , and arguments can be found as to why you 're not one , and why it is unfair to call them such because they 're not similar to hitler at all . 
  well ... yeah , because they fucking industrialized murder . 
  it 's possible to be fucking despicable without getting to that level and i do think it 's important to remember just how bad the nazis were . 
  polls just are n't that precise . 
  hitting within a couple of percentage points is generally considered good .
