  this is n't about national solvency , but rather the solvency of the banks and a bank run is the classic example of a collective action problem where it 's best to be first since you will get fucked if you do n't get out in time . 
  what about sepa bank transfers to non-greek banks ? 
  will it only allow it with an iban starting with `` el '' ? 
  it is important for being able to extend ela . 
  for as questionable as the legality is now , there is no way they could accept bonds from a country in technical default as collateral . 
  yeah , but the argument that the comparison is n't apt because of modern circumstances is n't really valid when the precedent was set almost 100 years prior to the enactment of social security payments which is what really started the massive fiscal transfer thing . 
  after that it was military spending and then johnson 's war on poverty primarily through medicaid and medicare . 
  you are firmly in modern history with that stuff . 
  i agree the main difference is that the federal government did have borrowing at that time where the eu government does not . 
  that said , i would be all for eu issued eurobonds to finance various development projects . 
  that actually sounds like a great idea and would be a form of fiscal transfer and also help get countries that still need a lot of help with infrastructure up to speed . 
  ( though not really great for greece which is already pretty developed ), 
   the first link says there 's a guy that affirms that haves 270 documents proving that venezuela financed podemos . 
  he has n't published them . . where are they ? 
  i remember it was a big deal when that guy landed with literal boxes of documents in madrid around 2 months ago . 
  going to the press requires fact checking and that takes time . 
  i think they may honestly be delaying so it has more impact on the elections as well since basically everyone involves wants to make sure they do n't win . 
  you can bet if the greece situation gets worse that everyone will be very familiar with [ this image ] ( http://www.lasexta.com/clipping/2015/01/22/00514/30.jpg ) before the elections here . 
  pretty much nobody denies a grexit will be a complete disaster in the short term so i do n't get what he 's actually trying to get out of this when you can just show that it 's either ineffective or just leads to what will happen in greece . 
  that really was n't the case when this precedent was set ( with the exception of westward expansion ) . 
  though there were federal bonds . 
  a lot of people still identified with their state over the nation as well . 
  the true massive fiscal transfers did n't really start until social security was implemented followed by the massive ballooning of the defense budget . 
  you can set it centrally from the banks . 
  how , specifically , are countries forced to take out debt ? 
  they are perfectly free to not issue those bonds . 
  well , what 's due is the imf payment . 
  if they end up paying , i believe it can be reclassified to a `` delay '' rather than a technical default which would allow the rest of the bailout program and some amount of ela authority . 
  though i do n't know how much more collateral the banks have in practice . 
  we do n't know what `` yes '' and `` no '' on the proposed referendum actually mean in a specific sense . 
  in practice it 's capitulation to the plan presented today or grexit and the full consequences of either decision . 
  just out of curiosity . 
  do greek banks normally have atm limits ? 
  i have a 600 $ limit per day at the atm . 
  it 's just bank policy and i can call and get it upped if i really need it but it 's mostly just a security measure so if someone gets access either through violence or theft , your losses are relatively limited . 
  ( i mean , that would hurt , but it would n't change my life ), 
  well ... baleares . 
  canary islands are vat exempt and not even in the customs union . 
  that said , they are quite a bit further away than balearic islands . 
  the law is meaningless without enforcement . 
  they can get away with putting capital controls in for a week and waiting for the referendum since nobody will do shit . 
  if they stay in , everyone will want to make it work , if they leave , well , they 're out anyway . 
  spain never took an imf loan, 
  not at all . 
  just kind of watching from afar . 
  we 're on pretty solid financial footing at this point . 
  unemployment is a problem but we are not in crisis mode in the slightest . 
   greece has a primary surplus meaning it takes more in tax than it pays out for services ; it 's problems are now in repaying loan interest . 
  meaning they can pay their bills if they just ignore a big portion of their bills . 
  yeah , it sucked but you have to maintain solvency because math . 
  and austerity is done here we are growing ( for now ) . 
  a greek default might actually help here since it would devalue and allow for more exports . 
  nobody is ever forced to take an imf loan . 
  if they are so horrible , do n't take them . 
  you generally can easily make up for the cost in the time it takes to do the accounting since it basically gives you a sales ledger automatically and you do n't have to worry about taking money to the bank . 
  i know at a lot of smaller placed i go , they just wo n't ring up the transaction to avoid vat payment . 
  i try to use credit as much as possible , but people think i 'm weird for it . 
   corrected-austria 's finance minister schelling says greece would have to ask to leave eu , other countries would have to agree ( did not say grexit appears almost inevitable ), 
  the imf is always a convenient scapegoat because they only get called in when the situation is already beyond fucked . 
  in none of those cases would it have been better if imf just left them to their own devices . 
  he 's campaigning for a `` no '' to stay in the ez with a better negotiating position . 
  he 's seriously delusional . 
  yeah , but leaving the ez violates all sorts of treaties . 
  you do n't get to violate the parts of the treaties that do n't work for your current situation and keep enjoying the parts you want . 
  it 's all in or all out . 
   not if you do n't take into account the debt . 
  even taking it into account , repaying it more slowly would still allow the level of spending the greek economy needs in order to reactivate . 
  there 's a name for not repaying the loans at the schedule you agreed to beforehand . 
  it 's called default and it generally means you do n't get new loans because nobody can trust the terms you agree to . 
  greece is now free to pay on whatever schedule they feel like ( note that they do still have to repay ) . 
  so we 'll see if you 're right . 
  we 'll they 're not going to get financed at anything resembling a reasonable rate ( i literally get better rates on my credit card ) regardless . 
  so now that they are going to be forced into a default , they might as well say `` fuck it '' and cut all external payments until the situation stabilizes a bit . 
  they are perfectly free to not take the money and decide for themselves . 
  they are not free to decide the conditions that other people give them free money . 
  that 's what 's humiliating . 
  whatever ... they will be proud with no external financing now . 
  there has been a slow bank run for a long time but it has been supported by the ela . 
  this is the end rather than the beginning of the bank run . 
  next step is collapse of the banks . 
  then nationalization of all banks combined with capital controls . 
  finally converting to drachma . 
  well , looks like this is it . 
  edit : it 's unlikely banks will open tomorrow . 
  my only thought to make this referendum idea work now is to declare the entire week a bank holiday and limit all withdrawals . 
  edit2 : just getting thoughts out there . 
  banks would n't last all week even on a bank holiday . 
  i just do n't see how this is n't the end of the line for greece in the euro . 
  we can really only wait and see how many dominos it actually knocks down . 
  just that the debts never actually go away and you can bet vulture funds will happily take the opportunity to buy it up on the cheap and just try to seize any state owned asset that happens to be anywhere they can find it . 
   they were talking about new paradigms in economy , of turning capital to work for people again instead for bankers . 
  those are just slogans that do n't actually mean anything specific . 
  if you do n't want to pay interests , nobody forces you to take loans in the first place . 
  you ca n't just say we do n't want to pay interest so give us free loans . 
  the simply want to spend more money than they have and do n't like the conditions for taking more money . 
  argentina never defaulted to the imf . 
  the us government ca n't do shit because it does n't own the loans . 
  russia has a spectacular history with financing financially nonviable satellite states as well . 
  but they do n't want foreign influence since it would be `` humiliating '' . 
   the u.s. government is a key reason for this .
