  i mean , opposing the mou of the coalition you are a part of seems pretty damned close to that point already . 
  for people that are using it a lot , it is a pretty good idea to help keep it in tact . 
  i used to not use one , but the spine on mine is feeling pretty weak these days . 
  that money is due no matter what . 
  and it 's due in euros . 
  a new drachma will be vastly lower valued and make exchanging them for euros to pay it back even harder . 
  it is for some of us . 
  i 'm very happy that i 've only had to fly twice this month . 
  ( also i 'm not european , so i need my passport even for schengen flights ), 
  upyd basically have nothing anymore . 
  they used to be a way to be angry about bipartisanship without actually doing anything about it . 
  now that other parties are getting significant votes , people actually care about what rosa d\u00edaz thinks and she 's a terrible human being . 
  we use a fence , not a wall . 
  and there is a big difference in using the fortifications to keep people from entering uncontrolled than from keeping people from leaving . 
  you know it 's possible to honestly believe in fair markets as a tool to better society as a whole ? 
  pp is for business so long as it is an entrenched interest . 
  they are more concerned with the status quo and keeping asesores and gestores in business . 
  they are sectors that only exist to make money navigating the complicated bureaucratic system . 
  yeah , bigger companies might need something like that , but smaller ones should be able to handle it on their own . 
  i really think a vast simplifying of the way business works in spain would promote economic activity like nothing else . 
  the whole contrato \u00fanico thing is probably the single best idea for the spanish labor market in a long time . 
  stop trying to play traps with temporales and periodos de prueba . 
  basically by simplifying how business is done , you free up a lot of resources that are spent right now on staying on the good side of the state to actually work . 
  from my pov in the corporate world , yes . 
  less so to the catholic base , though . 
  they are definitely your type of party . 
  ( mine . 
  too ), 
  more or less . 
  they are born as a catalan party that is pro union with spain so there is some additional cultural baggage . 
  people in all of spain tend to stick to what they have . 
  that 's why we have so much bipartisanship . 
  it 's an objectively bad result for people looking to break the system . 
  they ca n't even force a coalition because they will be competing for favors for one party to abstain . 
  i know in spain there is no fixed amount , you just have to meet the economic contribution criteria . 
  i have the issue with my us bought 360 that i have to order games from us amazon or buy them when i visit due to the encoding . 
  transnistria is more useful being a destabilizing force in ~ ~ romania ~ ~ moldova . 
  it basically means moldova wo n't get into the eu while the problem is in place . 
  edit : lapse in geography . 
  it 's a small and unimportant bank . 
  i did n't even know it existed until this story broke and i live in madrid . 
  that may be what the demonstration are about . 
  but there are even posters in my local consulta saying to support the public system , do n't use a private doctor . 
  again , it 's not logical . 
  maybe it 's just my local one , but they absolutely hate the sanitas clinics and all of the like ones . 
  as was already mentioned , the freedom of movement gives you the right to live or work in another country . 
  schengen just means there is no physical border preventing you from going from one country to another ( there still are `` random '' checks ) . 
  an example is i am a non eu citizen residing in spain . 
  i have the right to live and work in spain but i do not have the right to go live and work in portugal , france ( or any other eu country for that matter ) despite the fact that there is no physical barrier . 
  free movement within the eu is for eu citizens only , residents do n't get that right . 
  that 's why i think this proposal could work , countries are allowed to set their own visa policies and the only thing the eu has said on the matter is that a residence card for any eu country has to be treated to mean visa free entry is allowed for visiting that country as a tourist . 
  ( it was actually a case against the uk and the uk lost ) but that is a moot point for these countries anyway since they all already qualify for visa free tourist entry . 
  itt : nobody still understand how freedom of movement works and the difference between schengen and freedom of movement . 
  your impression is incorrect . 
  schengen just basically makes life easier , but at a border of an eu country they are not allowed to hold up eu citizens ( nor ask certain questions without prior evidence ) . 
  people from all over the eu already have free movement to the uk but everyone except the irish have to pass through border controls to get there . 
  nobody is talking about the common travel area . 
  it 's about having the right to live and work in various countries , not about having to pass through border controls to get there . 
  border controls have nothing to do with the right of free movement . 
  schengen only concerns border controls . 
  that seems strange as visa policy is still dictated by country . 
  for example , i , as a non eu citizen , have no right to live and work in any country except spain . 
  my spanish residence card effectively functions as an unlimited schengen visa , but i ca n't just go move to another eu country ( well , unless my wife does , but that 's a different story ) . 
  well , in my clinic , they actively hate the private system . 
  they will definitely make comments about supporting the public system if you mention going to a private doctor . 
  it does n't make any sense to me . 
  i would add people ( even wealthy people ) will generally go to the private system not for the quality of treatment but for things like getting a private room if hospitalized or being able to have a much more flexible schedule . 
  i travel on short notice for work , so while i 'd like to stay public , the schedule issue is making it impossible . 
  that said , i do n't get why the public health workers hate the private system so much . 
  i am happy to pay my part for social security and that means i 'm contributing but not taking out as much and freeing up their time to do more work . 
  eh , life 's good . 
  most of us do n't actually do the siesta . 
  in my experience this is completely false . 
  because the anti-abortion people see any movement toward their side as a victory but the other side sees any readjustment toward anything even slightly more restrictive as a complete loss . 
  at least in spain i can say i think the current law is pretty adequate . 
  and i 'm saying that if you do n't think either of their views are adequate , you just get yelled at more from the pro legal abortion side than the other way around . 
  again , if i say i am for legal access to abortion but think 24 weeks is far too permissive timeframe . 
  i get lobbed in with the same people that want to give personhood status to a zygote . 
  seriously , there is room for debate on the issue but nobody is willing to give anything on either side so it just becomes a shitshow . 
  it 's been almost a year , and i have yet to see a felipe euro yet . 
  i actually use a us based card with no fee when not in the eurozone because it 's cheaper to just send an online conversion to dollars and not get charged for the transaction . 
   you 're writing as if the pro-abortion camp wants no limits all abortions legal up to the ninth month . 
  that 's obviously not the case and the pro-abortion camp is precisely the one that wants sensible limits on abortion balancing both rights . 
  in my experience , favoring any restriction further than what already exists means you are the exact same thing as an ultrafascist and best buds with the opus deis and all that . 
  i am also originally from the us , so that might color my views a bit . 
  remember that woman from texas who was on a rampage to not limit abortion restrictions and everyone lauded as a hero . 
  she was fighting to keep the limit at 24 weeks rather than 20 weeks which is something that seems like a pretty minor disagreement but it was being lauded as the attempt to destroy all freedoms . 
  both sides have a really hard time talking about the issue . 
  i can say it would be a big deal here for the president . 
  that said , it was an open secret that the old king used to step out all the time . 
  i think it would be a big deal if the new king would get caught in that sort of thing , though . 
  see the conversations in this thread for why the argument is so retarded for so many people . 
  there is clearly a need to balance the needs of an unborn child at some point but also to protect the mother . 
  i mean why would it be murder of a premature baby born at 30 weeks but a late abortion at the same time depending on where it 's located ? 
  it 's a fucking complicated issue and trying to boil it down to slogans is dumb . 
  personally , i do dislike the idea of all abortion on an emotional level ( an no , i 'm not religious ) but i recognize that there is a need for some sort of legal access as a lesser evil . 
  i think it 's also really clear that there needs to be some sort of limit at at some point it is definitely should be considered an independent legal organism . 
  but the debate is so damned emotionally charged and culturally loaded that nobody can talk about it . 
  for example , i think the us limit at 24 weeks is insanely late as thanks to medical technology , that 's a viable premature baby at this point ( high risk , but survivable in cases ) but saying i 'd like to see a limit at 16 or 20 weeks means i 'm some sort of right wing fascist to lots of people . 
  the thing is i do see some sort of need to protect the rights of a fetus while balancing it with the rights of the mother and it 's a fucking complicated thing to deal with , especially with an instrument as broad as law .
