  a country is capable of caring about health , traffic safety and terrorism . 
  what about panettone with chocolate ? 
  it 's like i 'm a kid in an oversized business suit . 
  but it 's the best . 
  i mean , i tend to agree . 
  even if it does go on for a few years , it really is an extraordinary threat that we are dealing with at the moment and it will almost certainly subside as they are fought against . 
  just as al qaeda was a huge threat 15 years ago but is now mostly irrelevant in the west . 
  jihadis are patient and are content with working on scales of years while most populations want things fixed faster than that . 
  i mean it was 4 years between 11 september and the 7-7 bombings . 
  the events in syria and the refugee crisis make me thing that this is appropriate as a true security emergency . 
  that 's the xunta de galicia 's doing , nothing national . 
   also people in spain drive considerably more civilized than other countries looking at you italy crossing into portugal is like entering a warzone on the highway . 
  i feel like spain is a great example of the idea that being poor is terrible , but you do n't need to be rich to be doing well . 
  like once you have your basic needs met , yeah more money is nice , but it 's not everything . 
  i find that the vast majority of people who bitch the most about spain have never lived anywhere else . 
  like 95 % of the people that i know that have lived in other countries will come back understanding that life is still pretty good here . 
  ( i do recognize i am privileged with a good job , though ), 
  but those problems are hardly unique to hungary . 
  the balkan countries suffer a lot of the same shit . 
  hell , even moldova is noticeably better . 
  is lunch or dinner the main meal there ? 
  yes , i 'm a typical spanish tourist in that i do n't care about the local custom and stick to my own when in portugal . 
  i have been exceptionally lazy this week after the relaxed week last week ( we had 2 bank holidays ) but when i see the fog i decide driving to work is definitely a bad idea . 
  but it 's already light enough when work starts . 
  and in the winter for a full shift you have to choose between light starting or light ending so i do n't see how it matters . 
  well , the lunch is supposed to be the big meal . 
  eat a full men\u00fa . 
  you should n't be hungry only 4 hours after a 3 course meal . 
  as was mentioned , this is still a thing on the radio . 
  every hour the radio will tell you the time followed with `` una hora menos en canarias '' or just the time there . 
  if tv does tell the time , it 's mentioned , it 's just weird for the tv to tell you what time it is now . 
  well , yeah ... that 's dinnertime . 
  yup ... ask people if they want to leave work early and of course the answer is yes . 
  you should ask people if they want to eat a light lunch at 12 and a big dinner at 7 at night and people will be much less agreeable to the idea . 
  so it gets darker earlier for them ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  spain would be happy to guarantee them a non-lucrative visa . 
  private health insurance is a requirement for that visa , though so ... 
  which i agree with , but there 's this weird linking of the two issues in the spanish press which i hate . 
  i do n't mind getting to work earlier , but one of the big things to change is going to be tv . 
  as of right now , the nightly news starts at either 20h or 21h ( 21h is the main slot ) and prime time tv starts at 22h and lasts until midnight . 
  so if you want to watch anything at night , then you ca n't go to sleep early enough to make everything else work . 
  yeah ... that would be awful . 
  and i quite like the summer when it does n't get dark until 9:30 or so . 
  i do n't get why that has to change in order to go to work and leave work earlier . 
  personally , i want the hours worked changed but not the time changed . 
  i do n't care if i go to work in the dark in the morning , i 'd rather have it be light out later . 
  yeah , iirc , reunion is the most southern part of the eu , but this obviously the continent of europe rather than the eu since it includes norway . 
  fun fact both the longest domestic non-stop and longest flight ( with a stop ) are for french flights with cdg-run for the non stop and cdg-lax-ppt for the flight with a stop . 
  honestly , i 'd say tarifa , cabo de roca or cabo san vincente all make sense as ending points . 
  if cyprus works , i do n't see the problem for kosovo . 
  yards are close enough to meters to be pretty intuitive . 
  uk is a weird hybrid . 
  they use miles for street signs as an example . 
  while true , santa is becoming a lot more common , especially for kids . 
  makes sense to give presents while they still have 2 weeks off school . 
  a straight carbon tax would be great, 
  spain will join the italian civil war on the side of pannetone . 
  why would they give gibraltar to china ? 
  kebab acquired, 
  i get that ... but it 's taught that people were sanctioned just for speaking the language in public ... that 's not the case . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't repressed . 
  i say the language absolutely was and that was a terrible thing . 
  but i think the degree is often exaggerated for effect , and that 's what i disagree with . 
  for what it 's worth , i think it 's great that the catalan/galician languages are doing as well as they are . 
  i hope basque does a lot better as well and is certainly improving while nowhere near the levels of those languages . 
  i never said i liked them , and every paper with enough history has published false info at some point . 
  i 'm saying the comparison to brietbart and pravda is ridiculous . 
  they literally just make shit up with no evidence . 
  i do n't think people who have n't fallen too far into us politics realize just how fake the whole fake news thing is . 
  it 's literally just people sitting at a computer making shit up with not even the most tenuous connection to reality . 
  spoken as if the legal system was not part of the dictatorship as well . 
  [ went gothic before everyone else was into it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visigothic_kingdom ), 
  wow ... just wow ... 
  also , history books will tell you that it was illegal to speak catalan in any way as if police would fine you or something for speaking it on the street . 
  it was officially discouraged , which is bad enough , but there was a prize for catalan literature that existed under franco . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/premio_de_honor_de_las_letras_catalanas it 's a situation where the reality is bad but it was bad for lots of people and that certainly did n't stop at the borders of catalonia . 
  catalonia is just a part of what would be the catalan culture as a nation . 
  yet you find the sentiments for independence are very low in balearic islands , valencia and rousillon . 
  i think that would indicate there is a political element specific to catalonia . 
  they also think succession and secession mean the same thing . 
  look , i do n't like abc , they spin facts and actively create their own narrative . 
  but those comparisons are nowhere near the case . 
  it 's a biased paper , but they absolutely do n't just make shit up out of thin air . 
  a statement of xyz is true from them is very , very likely to be true . 
  now ... it can be missing context as a small part of a larger narrative , but they do n't just invent things . 
  yup , anything to the right of el diario must basically be pro-franco or something . 
  yeah ... but that was under zapatero in the 2000s . 
  hardly an immediate echo from the dictatorship . 
  my biggest issue with the whole thing is that i get the estatut was a fuck-up , but there was only one intermediate national election before the whole thing was turned up to 11 . 
  and it was an election in a time of fairly serious national economic crisis . 
  to me , part of democracy is working with the existing laws to make things work . 
  trying to form a coalition that will eventually support amending the constitution to vote and all that . 
  in stead there was one shitty election ( and hey , lots of people dislike rajoy ) and then they declare the entire system broken beyond belief . 
  now the entire political scene has fractured and with psoe completely broken , there is a real , honest path to negotiating a change for a majority that could take place in a couple years . 
  it 's not unreasonable to think that psoe/podemos/nationalist parties could eventually make it to a majority . 
  what happens in stead , you get nationalists like rufi\u00e1n not just burning any bridge with psoe , but nuking it from orbit when nobody has any idea what the rebuilt party will look like , but they can now be damned sure that they will want to spite erc . 
  it just makes it look to me like they are 100 % more interested in being the victim to score political points than actually work diligently to solve the issue . 
  right but you have to pay rent for the rest of your life , too .
