  i mean , they 're right that they are entitled to charge a price that will give them a profit , it just has to be part of their rate . 
  am i missing something about how the danish market works ? 
  why would buying within dk allow them to recover any extra money ? 
  i really feel like this just has to be someone that made a basic mistake or someone was told `` we need to charge if it was n't bought here '' and wrote the policy with `` here '' meaning denmark . 
  it 's just ridiculous from a business perspective . 
  that said , i really do default to assuming people are incompetent rather than evil first . 
  the wording has it mean that even a unit bought independently within denmark would not have the fee . 
  they can charge for all independently bought units or not , but they ca n't discriminate based on what state the unit was bought in . 
  i do suspect that this is a poorly worded policy and there 's some hidden certification or registration fee or something . 
  but the policy with the justification as written is illegal . 
  sometimes it 's just the market . 
  zara has separate tags for spain/portugal compared to the rest of europe so they do n't see that we pay 30 $ for what is a 50 $ shirt in the rest of europe , for example . 
  that 's by no means anti-competitive though , it 's just charging what the market will bear and nobody is fixing prices . 
  it 's very likely that hvac installations will require a local certification . 
  definitely if it 's gas and just almost certainly otherwise . 
  not a lawyer , but on the face of it , i assume they are free to discriminate based on units not purchased with them directly but not to discriminate on units based on the country of origin . 
  all of this is unless there is some sort of duty required for heating systems in denmark that is typically bundled with the price . 
  i would n't be shocked if that were the case . 
  the website could just be poorly explaining the situation . 
  there is no systematic meltdown of banks right now so why could n't another bank just buy deutsche bank once things get bad enough ? 
  oh , i decided to wear short sleeves today because it will be near 30\u00ba, 
  i was referring to the entire history of mexico in oecd which is since 94 . 
  spain is really empty away from the coasts with the exception of madrid . 
  well there was the whole armed rebels in chiapas thing . 
  same thing happens in spain . 
  people have unironically told me they 're sure it 's literally the most corrupt country on earth . 
  i 'm solidly in c 's camp . 
  i want liberal economics and i want the church to stay the hell away from the government . 
  i 'm fine with a coalition with pp if it keeps them on a leash and focused on economic shit . 
  otherwise that 's like in the uk of punishing the lib dems for enabling the tories by just giving the tories an overall majority ( how 's that working out ? ), 
   ( look at ciudadanos , they promised to vote against rajoy , then voted for him , doens ' t seem to have disappointed their voters ) i do n't like it , but the fact is rajoy ran explicitly on being the head of pp and not resigning and won huge . 
  at some point you have to accept a losing message . 
  yeah , i used to think he was like a spanish version of bush . 
  just kind of mistake prone and got there by mistake and won by being not zapatero . 
  the last year has really made me change my opinion to just how much of a bastard he is . 
  i honestly think their liberal + federal spain message could do well in galicia , too . 
  but they do n't even try . 
  i mean , all three are fairly liberal parties , so there 's at least some coherence . 
  what would pnv and erc agree to apart from a referendum ? 
  and to give enough nationalist concessions to get them on board would tear psoe apart even more . 
  neither podemos nor ciudadanos would go together . 
  and it 's not one or the other that refuses , they both hate each other . 
  they 're not going to give a hair . 
  they can go into third elections and win even more . 
  psoe is done , might as well keep some influence during a few years and see if they can recover anything . 
  i 'm solidly for cs , but their marketing is awful . 
  rivera should work behind the scenes but he 's a terrible face as leader . 
  95 % it will be susana d\u00edaz . 
  currently the head of the party in andalusia . 
  i mean they think having a car is n't necessary in a lot of europe . 
  outside of the city centers . 
  it really is though . 
  my first car ( in spain ) was an old corsa with a 1l engine . 
  i got that baby up to 140 km/h once coming down a mountain and i was pretty sure i was going to die . 
  i 'm aware . 
  i live in spain and often travel quite rural . 
  but the idea that all europeans can live just fine on public transport is pretty pervasive in the us . 
  it 's a crazy stereotype and myth , of course . 
  ( i 'd have a much harder time even in very central madrid ), 
  i talk with plenty of americans that think a car is a huge luxury for pretty much everywhere in europe . 
  granted , i live in the center of madrid so my car is just because it makes my life a lot more convenient , but yeah a huge part of the country is very car dependent , and spain generally has decent public transport . 
  the banking sector is n't as systematically unhealthy as 2008 and while it may not be `` bailed out '' , the government may be involved in getting a buyer or various buyers to come in . 
  at some point their assets will be worth the price for a bank with a decent balance sheet . 
  finnish is there , it 's just that the distribution is invisible on that scale . 
  and now we see the huge advantage of a combined eu military budget . 
  some real procurement and possible a legit blue water navy . 
  normally , even if they use the same boiler , they are two separate systems with the heating being a closed circuit . 
  you would not want to drink that water . 
  remnant of communism and central planning . 
  it is pretty efficient , though . 
  but we do n't break up our sleep . 
  the whole point is siesta is n't really done by most people . 
  the main difference is you eat a small snack/mini-meal around 11am or so to get you to last until the 2pm lunch . 
  and since lunch is quite large , it 's relatively easy to last until dinner . 
  it 's honestly my biggest issue with snowden . 
  part of civil disobedience is dealing with the punishment . 
  especially because he did it so methodically , unlike manning . 
  i 'd respect him a lot more if he went to court like daniel ellsburg rather than running to be used as a propaganda tool for putin , who 's obviously no saint in the subject . 
  i think the whole thing would have a lot more power presenting himself to be arrested on the capitol lawn and having an actual court hearing about what happened . 
  podemos is also having an internal crisis . 
  democratic politics has been this way since fucking forever . 
  the left gets concerned with who has the correct vision for the left and even if they get more votes , they 're too concerned with not letting the other faction win to actually do something and then the organized right just steps in and wins . 
  see uk labour party , sanders voters going to trump , whatever the hell is happening in france , etc. . , etc. . . 
  i know it 's not `` proper '' but i just have such a hard time taking her seriously with how thick her andaluz accent is . 
  and how exactly does he get the psoe to agree to that when they are already in open revolt . 
  his chance was in february or even in july . 
  he 's beyond fucked now and there 's no way he can move everyone involved enough in just 4 weeks . 
  and how do they expect pnv and erc to agree to the same program with no nationalists concessions ? 
  yeah , i would imagine they already share information , so this sounds more administrative than anything else . 
  not to defend russia or anything , just that it 's probably more of a non-story than actually doing anything else . 
  and it 's because the left is inherently divided that we 'll get 4 more years of rajoy . 
  yeah , negotiations would be ... complicated ... to say the least . 
  there 's just not enough time to get all of it done in a month even if he wanted to , especially now that he basically does n't have the political will to get concessions from his own party . 
   so the guy , wants to form a government and the leadership are too worried about losing the nationalist vote ? 
  what kind of fucking socialists are they ? 
  the government he presents is completely fucking untenable . 
  cidudadanos would never , ever be part of the same vote as the catalan independence supporters . 
  the whole reason their party exists is catalan unionism with spain . 
   but contrary to most of the people around , i go to work with a t-shirt , sometimes with shorts during the summer you could just say you work in it . 
  we get it .
