  that said , anyone who wants to act like a normal member of society is treated completely normally and there 's very little prejudice toward `` sins of the father '' and all that . 
  spanish gypsies tend to be more part of society ( even if a bit fringe ) than the romanian ones who are generally excluded . 
  romanians are sometimes lumped in with them but the truth is there are quite a few romanian gypsies , too but the two groups generally do n't interact since spanish gypsies tend not to speak romani . 
  most people recognize that most romanians are just here to do regular work and we see them a lot doing lots of jobs like drivers , plumbers , hair stylists , etc. . . 
  there 's also a ton of romanians in it in spain since they can pick up spanish pretty quick and generally know english well , too . 
  so obviously it depends on class . 
  i would say generally we see romanians as just slightly poorer immigrants that generally integrate pretty well but are also able to distinguish between gypsy and non-gypsy romanians because we have our own gypsy populations so we get it . 
  edit : it should be clear , i 'm no expert on the history and just kind of explain how i observe things . 
  you know there are jobs outside of the center of a city right ? 
  i walk to the main train station in the city to get my train to work to give you an idea . 
  it 's just outside of the historical center so it 's still easy to drive in and out but you can walk everywhere if you want to stay close . 
  i pay around 900 $ for a 55 m2 place in central madrid . 
  that said , it 's somewhat of an upscale flat as it includes gym , pool , doorman , parking spot , and a storage room in a new construction in a central area . 
  i would say take off at least 150-200 $ if you do n't want all of that . 
  i can tell you as someone that learned spanish that it was a significant challenge for a long time . 
  and even after years there will be some random things where i will just completely miss a nuance in something or not know a super common word that just somehow managed to pass me by for years . 
  ( example , i just got the word ` hortaliza ' rather than ` verdura ' just last month ) for a long time it was a legitimate challenge to get subtleties across , particularly when strong emotions are involved which is normally when you want to be able to be the most clear . 
  that said i can see levels of fluency being an issue . 
  apparently ireland is firmly shoes on . 
  this might be a catholic thing . 
  how much of that percentage is the nhs ? 
  also , i saw an interesting proposal of moving the capital to belfast as a sort of symbolic move that could help with that sort of thing , too . 
  the republic of ireland act makes any irish citizen a fully equal citizen in the uk , regardless of where in ireland they are from and has nothing to do with the eu . 
  that will continue in force . 
  as far as keeping eu benefits ... yes , they absolutely will because they are awarded those through the government of ireland and part of the gfa is that anyone from the island of irleand can claim irish citizenship . 
  so even unionists can keep free movement if they can stomach getting an irish passport . 
  yeah , it 's clearly better , no guessing if it 's firm enough to break , you just pop the seed out and then you get the whole banana much easier , too without leaving anything on the bottom . 
  for anyone wondering , you hold the banana with the stem end down and then give the side facing up ( traditionally the bottom ) a little squeeze and it opens up with absolutely minimal force . 
  i mean , basically nobody proposes n. irish independence , the question is now how has the game changed for the idea of reunification ? 
  for andorra/moldova , aside from the different ratios , the flag of andorra has the distinctive lines of aragon in the coat of arms . 
  basically the present flag of catalonia , the senyera . 
  also ... this quiz https://www.sporcle.com/games/g/europeflags, 
  11 mpg = 21.3831 l/100 km ... holy shit !, 
  my car gets between 5 and 6 . 
  ( lower is better in our efficiency ), 
  there 's an early 90 's model suburban that i see around madrid from time to time . 
  it 's the most ridiculous thing in the world here . 
  but to the point , we do n't have the obsession of car vs. truck like exists in the us . 
  we 'd probably just call it an all terrain ( todo terreno ) . 
  but anything under 3.5 t is on a regular car license so they are just considered personal vehicles . 
  also , displacement is way less because both fuel is way more expensive and part of the formula for the annual tax you pay is based on displacement . 
  that vehicle would be exceedingly expensive to own here . 
  spain here ... god help you if your mother and grandmother finds you without shoes on , especially in the winter . 
  shoes or slippers on at all times . 
  also , guiri is n't really demeaning , just means a white foreigner . 
  i 'm from the us originally so i get called all kinds of things with `` guiri '' but it 's never meant with any sort of malice . 
   in spain , a person who 's from china is chino in fairness , so are japanese , filipinos , vienamese , thai , indonesians , etc. . . siberians would probably be `` chino ruso ... raro de cojones '' but yeah , i always love when it causes an issue when a spanish footballer calls a black player negrito and people get all up in arms about it . 
  it 's seriously just like calling a light haired guy `` blondie '' . 
  i explicitly supported lowering requirements for all oecd countries in my reply . 
  so i 'd be fine with japan . 
  the biggest issue with that would be mexico and turkey , but i think that 'd still work if you still had visas , just made them a lot easier . 
  iirc , the maine is still unconfirmed and could have been an internal explosion , could have been a stray mine . 
  it was almost definitely not sanctioned and just used as a political point though , but that 's far from a false flag attack . 
  for pearl harbor , the us was about the least neutral `` neutral '' country around . 
  they had embargoed the japanese and moved the fleet there to be prepared should they need to go to war fast . 
  gulf of tonkin was likely a real thing , but just blown way the fuck out of proportion . 
  there were already us service member in vietnam so there were bound to be clashes in some way . 
  so they wait for something to happen and when it does , make it into the causus belli . 
  seems a lot more believable to me than a false flag . 
  in 2001 the us really did n't want to get into afghanistan . 
  al qaeda had been basically a regional annoyance before then . 
  i lived there and knew people in the government , i know it 's a clich\u00e9 now , but the attack really did change how america viewed the world and felt they had to act . 
  for 2003 , yeah , that was n't a false flag so much as just making shit up/being completely negligent with information . 
  and yeah , there 's a the having such a powerful military makes military solutions easier/more attractive thing . 
  also , you are n't looking at counterfactuals as well . 
  the us did n't go into afghanistan when the soviets invaded , they did n't go militarily after al qaeda after they bombed the world trade center in 93 nor the embassies in africa nor even the direct military attack on the uss cole aside from a few missiles . 
  there 's lots of potential provocations that resulted in nothing you also have to consider . 
  lesson being that causes for war are complicated and far beyond the headline incidents . 
  or you know , because they 're poor and would abuse the social services and there 's 80 million of them . 
  the same reason nobody is trying to get albania/moldova/ukraine to join in . 
  romania and bulgaria were plenty controversial for the same reason and it honestly may have been a bit soon . 
  thankfully romania seems to be doing very well with using the access for economic development . 
  bulgaria is also doing well developing , but to a much lesser degree . 
  serbia and bih joining will be a massive issue for the same reason . 
  freedom of movement is part of the single market and i do n't think that a single market really makes sense for those cases . 
  i would , however be in favor of greatly reducing visa requirements between all those countries . 
  something like what the australians already have in the us with the e3 visa would be great where you basically just need a degree and a qualified offer letter with no quota . 
  that said , i would want that not just with the anglosphere , but oecd in general . 
  that one would probably be antonio campos , actually . 
  but could just as easily be antonio casas . 
  see the last two prime ministers of spain . 
  mariano rajoy brey ( uses rajoy ) jos\u00e9 luis rodr\u00edguez zapatero ( uses zapatero or the full complete name ) typically if the second surname is more unique or memorable , people will use that one , otherwise yeah ... defaulting to the first . 
  that 's not a surname issue , he just went full catholic . 
  never go full catholic, 
  i 'm originally from the us and my wife and i plan on having her name first because it : * sounds better * makes more sense for english speakers who just assume the final name is the surname we both agree that they will use my surname in daily use just because it 's so much more unique here, 
  i always find it amusing just how little we know about our little rectangular neighbors . 
  yeah , castell\u00f3n and lleida are by far the worst culprits for airports , but i suppose at least it still serves something . 
  the f1 track in valencia is by far the worst for me because it does absolutely nothing for anyone . 
   huge airports without planes if you 're referring to ciudad real ... that was n't corruption , it was overextending greed , but that was 100 % private money . 
  castell\u00f3n airport on the other hand ... ( but i 'd hardly call that place `` huge '' ), 
  this is exactly the issue . 
  corruption exists , but it 's going to be maybe a percent or two of public expenditure and it 's almost entirely at the highest levels . 
  individuals interacting with the government will almost never encounter corruption . 
  ( i think a more accurate measurement for corruption is `` have you paid a bribe in the last year '' to get some objectivity ) . 
  it would be a massive scandal if you paid a police officer to get out of trouble or paid a doctor to get an appointment . 
  the corruption happens when dealing with public contracts but even that is getting much better , mostly exactly because everyone is concerned about it . 
  when people complain that the news is all about corruption , i always say that 's how i know it 's getting better , it 's when everyone is silent that it 's really bad . 
  i moved to spain so spanish was obviously the first choice . 
  but i say that french is still absolutely the language to learn for a future in business . 
  africa today is where asia was around 1960 and will probably have similar growth .
