  people seem to think that because us does n't join this organization they will immediately start dumping nuclear waste into the ocean . 
  the problem is that the world still needs us leadership and the us is now showing itself to be an unreliable partner because why would you spend years negotiating a hard deal for the future if it can just get thrown away on a whim ? 
  the actual impact of this move is minimal , but the problem is it sets a very bad precedent since it 's nearly impossible to get so many countries to sign onto something and it 's only going to get more challenging from here . 
   i do n't know when i bought american products the last time ... posted on reddit , owned by cond\u00e9 nast . 
   when was the last time you read an online article from an american website ? 
  reddit itself is an american product . 
  that was true in the 90s but i 'd say it 's mostly all about the same these days . 
  also ... yes , some cars break and some do n't break even with minimal maintenance . 
  anecdotes are n't really useful for this . 
  would they play in the nfc very , very east ? 
  also , scheduling around the time changes would be a nightmare . 
  full disclosure : i 'd definitely travel there to watch when chicago played and having a team in europe would make it easier to follow the league in general as i try to but it 's hard with the time change . 
  he was an investment banker . 
  some of the older people in that world can get away with bad english , but any younger person in that world absolutely has to be able to speak english pretty well . 
  netherlands will soon be reclaiming all of doggerland . 
   yes republicans obstructed him mitch mcconnell literally filibustered his own bill because obama supported it . 
  that level of obstruction is something you just ca n't deal with . 
  like i said , only one uses the brand of aldi . 
  the other has a completely different brand and most people have no idea it 's owned by aldi, 
  it 's still aldi nord . 
  `` aldi '' is actually two companies that are n't related . 
  i 'm from chicago . 
  i know what cold is . 
  but 0 is n't weather to be sitting around outside either . 
  agreed , but it 's not sit out on terrace and enjoy type weather , either ( well , except for an apresski or something ), 
  bernie is n't much better for us-eu relations honestly . 
  also pretty cool on nato and a general trade protectionist and is for putting up rather than taking down trade barriers . 
  it 's not as vitriolic , but not too much of an improvement imo . 
  actually both aldis are there . 
  aldi s\u00fcd uses the aldi brand and aldi nord is remarkably successful using the trader joe 's brand . 
  absolutely agree . 
  but i think i smoked a whole pack in the bar the night it went into effect here . 
  now i wonder how i used to smoke at all . 
  but yeah , i was surprised at how much better it was as a smoker . 
   there are also cigarette vending machines everywhere in germany , which is , quite frankly , demented . 
  in spain they need to manually enable the machine . 
  so you walk in and basically say `` hey i 'd like to buy some tobacco '' and they turn it on . 
  in theory they should check your id if you look young . 
  it 's not really done in practice , but it 's possible to have machines and able to enforce age restrictions . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i live in madrid and it 's not unusual for it to be zero outside in winter . 
  the whole country is n't mallorca or costa del sol you know ? 
  you ca n't dump in a single market . 
  that 's the whole point of a single market . 
  within 6 months you 'll wonder why you did n't do it sooner . 
  same thing happened here in 2011, 
  corporation taxes are still terrible . 
  income , capital gains , consumption an various pigovain taxes work far better . 
  ideally a progressive consumption tax ( i.e. 
  you subtract your starting assets and earnings from your ending assets and tax that amount ) could be implemented , but we 're still awhile from that being feasible on an administrative level . 
  `` hold my sovereignty , i 'm going in ! '', 
  but seriously ... this is good . 
  no idea , i had just heard a lot of stories of military families that came back with german families . 
  no idea of how prominent it actually was . 
  of course quite a few also ended up staying there , too . 
   but us soldiers stationed in germany do n't get resident status in germany . 
  they have a nato sofa status . 
  i thought there was quite a lot of marriages with locals . 
  i 'm wondering how many are children born in germany to us military parents . 
  those points are n't exclusive in any way and actually complement quite well . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  i really do n't . 
  he was a national joke for almost 30 years and then ... bam , somehow taken seriously . 
  i left in 2010 and i lived in a rural state that voted for obama and now they gave us his vice president . 
  ( hell , i even voted republican for my state governor before him ) i do n't recognize my home anymore . 
  probably the biggest foreign policy goal of the ussr and then russia for the last 70 years has been to sever the us-germany alliance . 
  thank fuck for macron who might make it so it 's feasible for the eu to stand on its own , but without that , russia would be able to absolute dominate european politics . 
  while bay area is hyper expensive , london or paris ai n't exactly cheap . 
   silicone valley is n't that just los angeles ? 
  it 's like how people always seemed surprised to learn that it snows a fuck ton in turkey . 
  * that 's the joke *, 
  would russia be willing to make that bet , too is the question ? 
  france is more than capable of handling it themselves ( france and uk are the most capable military forces in europe by a lot ) and putin wanted trump because he 's unpredictable , destabilizing and generally detrimental to us power , not because he 's an ally to russia . 
  well a situation like that would really paint everyone else into a corner because putin would need predictability to know what to do and now , thanks partly to his own actions , does n't have it . 
  basically his master plan also needs europe to be unable to step up for itself but if germany and france are able to give a strong , unified response , putin may have realized his gamble failed immensely by moving us western leadership to european western leadership . 
  france is hardly known for military intervention in its sphere of influence , after all . 
  nobody knows yet . 
  i do n't know that i 'd bet on it since european companies probably do have a slight airbus bias . 
  also , it 's rumoured that the 737-10 might be announced at the paris air show . 
  we 'll find out a lot of what 's going to happen in the industry after that event in june . 
  i thought it was the fokker 100 . 
  regardless , the point stands and / r/aviation is leaking, 
  and we have yet to see what afklm will decide on for the 737 replacement . 
  they may want to go for common types between af and klm and af is already buying 320neos, 
  portugal seems to have the same general attitude about it as spain , which is . 
  yes , race is real . 
  no , we do n't give a fuck . 
  fwiw , portugal seems to have colonized the parts of africa with absolutely gorgeous people . 
  italians are no longer allowed to use tomatoes , that 's appropriating aztec culture . 
  it just seems insane to me that they are promoting no racial mixing in the name of racial justice . 
  i left the us in 2010 and it 's so weird now . 
  like i have a deep cultural connection to the place , but increasingly it feels like a connection to a place that no longer exists . 
  i go back and obviously do n't have an accent , but feel like a complete foreigner now . 
  just out of curiosity , how does it look like he 's doing for the legislatives ? 
  i was in toulouse this weekend and barely saw any em posters . 
  ( i have no idea where geographic strengths are in france so i 'm assuming that 's part of it ), 
  ahh ... figures i 'd just read the comment , i figured it was the in english section . 
  you seriously do n't see anything about trump being weird for going for melania or that he 's a dirty old man ? 
  the whole melania needs help schtick only works because he 's clearly the more powerful member of the relationship but yeah ... there 's lots of that going around , too . 
   even a medical part come on el pa\u00eds , you 're supposed to be good at english !,
