  i mean , it 's not a * bad * stereotype . 
  yes the irishman , willie walsh , who promoted the former head of catalan airline vueling , \u00c1lex cruz , to be the ceo of british airways and proudly claims vueling as his most profitable airline must secretly hate catalonia because they also bought iberia . 
  so more people know ba than iberia and it 's a far bigger airline in the group , so why not say ba ? 
  and they are doing it because they already started going to war with norwegian in gatwick and they want to take it to bcn where they also have a very large presence . 
  and yeah , as far as a full cost , long haul hub madrid is better because there are more multinationals there willing to pay for business class seats . 
  barcelona has large numbers of tourists which tend to be very price sensitive which is hard to base a hub out of for anything but low cost . 
  and hey ... they just happen to have a low cost hub there that they want to expand . 
  low cost long haul is still relatively new in europe . 
  lufthansa is making it work but afklm still has yet to even make intra-europe low cost work since transavia loses lots of money . 
  you wo n't get me defending the madrid motorways . 
  if they are n't viable ... let them rot and put the money into the motorways people actually use that run right beside them . 
  but yeah , i 'm still convinced that there is a weird wormhole in galicia that makes it so it takes between 50-70 minutes to get between any two points in galicia , irrelevant of how far apart they are . 
   iberia matched their locations , probably with cheaper prices , to undermine them . 
  not iberia ... iag . 
  they are different . 
  it 's at the same level as vueling which is as independent as iberia . 
  sorry , but it 's clear you fundamentally do n't understand the airline industry . 
  el prat had long haul service from iberia when iberia was state owned mostly for prestige reasons ( i.e. 
  madrid funding extra routes to catalonia ) , they stopped once they went fully private because they were losing money . 
  and like i said , they are trying a whole new model for their own operations . 
  iag currently does n't have any sort of low cost long haul and like i mentioned passenger numbers is n't enough on it 's own to sustain a destination , it has to be the right kind of passenger ( i.e. 
  willing to pay a premium ) . 
  i listed 24 cities to you . 
  and to asia only really started in madrid in the past year or so . 
  iberia abandoned asia a long time ago and only started again recently to shanghai and tokyo . 
  korean was way down in business but that route only stayed because madrid and seoul are probably the two biggest single cities for epc companies so there 's a lot of business traffic . 
  and air china kept their madrid flight because of the huge chinese population in madrid , and also since they were able to sell a fifth freedom route to s\u00e3o paolo to get more revenue . 
  that 's been it for asia and the growth is very recent . 
  air india is coming to madrid but i have to say that government owned companies flying to madrid are aerolineas argentinas ( also flies to bcn ) , cubana ( hardly pro spanish government ) , air china ( i do n't think they care much about the issue ) , and air india ( idem ), 
  while it is pretty deplorable , i will say that i do n't know how it would be worth the cost given the terrain up there . 
  it 's expensive enough going through the meseta . 
  i hope they put some ave trains that just go galicia-basque country and asturias-basque country once all the lines are built . 
  but yeah , the connections between asturias and galicia are fucked . 
  yes , because civil procedural law is exactly the same as running away from an abductor ( which is , of course , perfectly legal ... why would n't it be ) . 
  i would actually like a us model where you pay separate taxes directly to both the federal government and the local government . 
  it would be a big step in keeping the autonomic politicians clean because as of right now , it 's nearly impossible for an average citizen to have an idea of how much money is involved and where it 's coming from . 
  well yeah , but they people would have to use their eu rights under a spanish passport . 
  and how exactly would a nominally independent police force be issuing passports and id cards of a country they legally consider themselves not a part of ? 
  i mean , people could travel to another part of spain , but it would be a major inconvenience . 
  well , from algeciras , it 's much more direct to go to france via madrid and cross at ir\u00fan , but i guess maps are now anti-catalan , too . 
  http://www.catalannewsagency.com/politics/item/the-mediterranean-rail-corridor-will-be-a-reality-in-2020 ( edti : better yet ... from the horse 's mouth http://elcorredormediterraneo.com/estado-de-las-obras/ ) there you go for the med line . 
  fwiw , i agree that going through canfranc is an idiotic waste of time when the catalan and basque connections should be reinforced . 
  and barcelona is n't a hub for long haul for a few reasons , namely traffic numbers is n't really a good enough number for establishing a hub . 
  that makes it a good destination , but not necessarily a good origin or connection point . 
  what really matters for establishing a large airline is how much traffic can fill the business and first class cabins and a huge amount of the traffic to barcelona is tourism which tends to spend a lot less and is much more likely to book economy tickets . 
  on the other hand , madrid has a lot more business travelers that are willing to pay premiums to fly in business class where airlines make money . 
  but like i said , they are starting to make work with low cost long haul and norwegian is going for it and iag is going hard against them with a new brand that is yet to be named . 
  it 's not just in barcelona , they also go hard against them in london gatwick with the ba brand , but gatwick essentially operates as a separate airline within an airline . 
  they may combine their long haul brands to keep ba as the `` premium '' brand , too . 
  but again , literally none of this is the central government . 
  it 's all how companies decide to deploy their forces . 
  it 's not about should or should n't , the question was if they had the right to , and legally the answer was no . 
  i 'm not opining any more than that on the issue . 
  but why is that the central government 's fault ? 
  air travel is 100 % private . 
  so now anytime any company does something in madrid it 's anti-catlan ? 
  and i listed boston because it is a direct flight ( just not non-stop , there 's a difference ) and for the train , they 're currently building a line , so i do n't get how you can say it 's neglected . 
  the either or is dumb . 
  someone growing up in catalonia will speak catalan and spanish as native languages . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to consider both as native . 
  angola and mozambiqe were both fully integrated into portugal . 
  regardless , neither algeria nor angola had the `` right '' to declare independence . 
  lots of people died because of that and they won it through war . 
  i 'll give my very simple answer . 
  in a democracy you do n't get to just ignore the law because you do n't like it . 
  you work to change it and there 's really only been one change of government in the current independence push and it 's already considered a lost cause by many catalan independence supporters ( there 's a notable lack of patience ) now that spain 's politics are more fractured than ever , there 's a good opening to actually work to change the constitution , but that was barely being pushed for by the independentists . 
  in fact one of the major pro-independence parties said some very hateful and vitriolic things toward the socialist party who could very well end up being an ally , but now almost certainly wo n't because of that speech in the national parliament . 
  i 'm one of the few people here that 's actually ambivalent about the independence issue . 
  i mean , i think it 's a stronger country together , but i am 100 % for the idea that a democratic society is n't about listening to the majority at any given moment , but faithfully executing the laws and using the votes to elect people that can change the laws in the ways they see fit . 
  yes this can be frustratingly slow , but i see that as a feature and not a bug . 
  and the people of catalonia overwhelmingly voted to approve the constitution ( around 90 % iirc ) so it 's perfectly democratically legitimate . 
  and it 's not some old forgotten document , something like a third of all voters were alive to vote for it . 
  it was also very explicit about the independence issue and that was why it had a lower approval rate in the basque country , so the consequences were perfectly known . 
  i do n't necessarily support scotland 's independence , but i get their right for it precisely because westminster agreed and it 's therefore legal . 
  due to parliamentary sovereignty , that 's possible , but in spain , madrid ca n't just `` agree '' to a binding referendum , it has to come after a change to the constitution which is intentionally difficult . 
  nobody will kill each other . 
  of course `` why use tanks when you can use banks '' simply do n't recognize it and force any company to pay the spanish government taxes for employment and revenue within catalonia if they wish to operate in the rest of spain . 
  it will mean they have a huge cost basis and will basically become economically isolated since if any multinational has to choose between catalonia and the rest of spain , they 'll obviously choose the much larger market . 
  it could be economic craziness and the most complicated point i see is who mans the border . 
  but as madrid would still recognize the authority of the catalan police , i could see there being an agreement of them continuing to operate a schengen border nominally under spanish authority . 
  they may change the `` e '' to `` cat '' in the stamps , but that 'd be pretty minor . 
   tgv lines with 9 passengers per day what line ? 
  that does n't exist  airports with less landings than mars the planet it 's a good thing catalonia is n't implicated in that . 
  i 'd hate to think there 's an expensive airport in lleida or somewhere like that 's barely used . 
   train line to connect the important mediterranean ports to europe that avoids tarragona and barcelona to go through madrid there is a train that goes up the coast . 
  the euromed is definitely a thing . 
  also , freight containers tend to not care about high speed so do n't confuse passenger lines with freight lines . 
   bureaucratic issues for airlines that want to fly to barcelona , forcing them to extend to madrid or bust this is just made up . 
  lots of airlines fly to bcn and vueling has its hub there . 
  good thing there 's a way to change it . 
  as it is it was accepted by a vast majority of catalans when it was up fo the vote so it 's perfectly democratically legitimate . 
  and you ca n't say that the independence question was n't known because there was a movement to boycott in the basque country for that very reason ( it was n't very successful ) , but that same movement was basically non-existent in catalonia and turnout rates were in line with the rest of spain . 
   want to fly to another continent ? 
  barcalona 's airport has more passangers than madrid ' , yet there are barely no routes to america or asia . 
  except for buenos aires , toronto , montreal , beijing , miami , new york , charlotte , chicago ( will start this year ) , philadelphia , bogot\u00e1 , boston ( via the azores , which is interesting ) , atlanta , dubai , seoul , s\u00e3o paolo , lima , islamabad , lahore , doha , singapore , washington , dc ( also i left out israel and jordan because it 's not really that far into asia and they do n't provide the connections that doha and dubai do ) norwegian is also starting service this year to fort lauderdale , los angeles , newark ( but that 's included in new york ) and oakland . 
  iag ( the company that owns vueling , iberia and british airways ) has also said they are going to establish a long haul company with bcn as it 's main airport . 
  also ... i 'm assuming this is about iberia , but they are a private company . 
  how is them basing their operations in madrid is the government fucking over catalonia ? 
  in fact , they only abandoned long haul flying from barcelona after the government left the company . 
  and that same company ( iag as i said ) owns vueling which fucking dominates barcelona .
