  sin-ewr is restarting and it will be capable with the 350 rather than the much thirstier 340 . 
  consider that for a comparable cost , it would probably be cheaper than a first class ticket today , just buy business class and consider it a deal . 
  one of the biggest factors was due to the state-owned nature of the companies involved ( ba/af ) , they were severely undercharging for tickets for a long time . 
  it was operated at a loss for a long time but then ba had the idea to ask people what they thought they paid for a ticket . 
  since it was mostly a service for high level bankers and other very wealthy people that generally do n't book their own tickets , they honestly did n't know and thought they were paying about twice of what they were . 
  the price was promptly raised and the last years of concorde were the most profitable . 
  but yeah , times are so different , hard to imagine that there was enough wealth in venezuela that they used to fly one to caracas . 
  yeah , but there still are n't non-stop flights between uk and oz . 
  what sort of paleolithic time do we live in ? 
  though the next gen of aircraft may may london-perth possible . 
  i do think we will see london-sydney non-stops within the next 25 years . 
   it clearly did n't , or the winter of discontent would n't have happened and we would n't have become the sick man of europe . 
  i think a lot of younger people see the uk of today and think it was just kind of like that but with more miners or something . 
  when in reality the country was doing absolutely terribly . 
  the amount of people that do n't even know about the imf rescue is insane . 
   now who 's america 's biggest competitor for ship construction ? 
  does anyone even come close to the koreans at shipbuilding ? 
  they kind of have the perfect economic conditions , extremely cheap labor , educated workforce and lots of demand nearby in the growth of asia . 
  reallly , for this you can combine rotterdam and antwerp as they are pretty close . 
  so it 's like super mega port . 
  the unemployment rate there is pretty low . 
  at some point if people are able to claim benefits over do any sort of work , they will do that . 
  as it stands now , it 's perfectly fine to limit the rights of migrants to obtain benefits without having worked both within and from outside of the eu and is a perfectly reasonable thing to do . 
  that the uk was giving benefits away like candy above eu requirements is not an issue with the eu , but an issue with the uk . 
  ( is this still the case ? 
  i honestly have no idea ) . 
  the uk is also pretty close to full employment ( i.e. 
  the level where the unemployment rate is equal to structural unemployment ) so closing off to new unskilled workers could be very damaging . 
  now you can argue that changing the welfare system to make that structural unemployment percentage lower should be done , but that has nothing to do with immigration and everything to do with how benefits are governed in the first place and no politician wants to touch that . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you are being sarcastic or not . 
  first , i could n't afford a tesla by a long ways . 
  it 's not a particularly expensive city to live in . 
  also , my whole point was about how electric is exactly the opposite of my needs precisely because i use public transport . 
  and i live in a city center and drive to and from my home . 
  i live in central madrid and it would be completely unworkable for me . 
  i do drive around the city a bit ( especially if i 'm going to be buying a lot of stuff ) but most of my transportation around home is public transport . 
  my car is for long trips away . 
  i 'm basically the opposite of what electric cars market to since i need lots of range . 
  i obviously do n't live in the uk so my exposure to uk stuff is mostly through the bbc so if you say the debate really is on those grounds then that 's fair play . 
  i honestly do n't think it 's pure racism either . 
  i do think people do n't realize just how much of low skilled work is done by immigrants and could create a serious labor shortage if you only demand high skilled immigrants as a result from the classic error of looking at economics as a zero sum game . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?langid=en  please note : when you move your habitual residence to another country , you should register with the s1 form instead of using the ehic to receive medical care in your new country of habitual residence . 
   the argument is that there will soon be millions of refugees in eu countries , those may well end up with a status that allows them to move to the uk , regardless of the uks own migration policies . 
  does that make sense ? 
  i get that but i 'm saying the root of the tough question that british people need to ask themselves and is being completely stomped down by rhetoric is `` do you want to place significant restrictions on immigration from other western european nations in order to stop a minority of citizens that may have first gained residency as refugees ? '', 
  i obviously also support free movement but i get the idea that what people want is to make it so a hans can move quite easily with minimum problems while an ndu with a german passport can not . 
  that is simply illegal and can not be enforced whether inside or outside of the eu due to british law that has nothing to do with the eu . 
  i 'm not saying there is a right or a wrong answer and if they would like to severely limit immigration for the average german/french/dutch , that is the right of the british people but it needs to be said plainly and understood for what it is . 
  you guys are bros. . basically s. galicia , right ? 
  and it 's iberoamerican because brazil counts as well . 
  ( e.g. 
  diego costa ), 
  so do you want to place strong restrictions on dutch immigration to the uk ? 
  because discriminating based on place of birth is pretty illegal . 
   i think some significant portion of congolese migrants and refugees that france took in moved to the uk as soon as they were able . 
  so are they going to get huge propellers and move the uk further away or something ? 
  because if france takes those people in , they will still be in france , and still just be across the channel from the uk . 
  so would uk actively be about denying french people the right to work in the uk ? 
  because once they are french citizens , i 'm pretty sure discriminating based on national origin for that sort of stuff is pretty highly illegal . 
  i understand the emotion , but you ca n't start going and say i want cousteu but not mbeko for my french immigrants for example . 
  and i really doubt the uk actually wants to put strenuous restrictions on immigrants from france/germany/sweden / etc. . . 
  i agree that the migrant thing is a serious issue with lack of action but i do n't think this sort of rhetoric is actually thinking through any solution that will actually help beyond just not being in schengen which is already the case . 
  in fact , all it does is keep britain from having a voice in figuring something out no matter how chaotic running the eu actually is . 
  that the people complaining are the same ones that are the problem . 
  10 years for uk citizens unless married to a spaniard or you have another citizenship that may allow you the 2 year residence time . 
  the ehic is only for emergency care . 
  in spain that would mean actually knowing spanish and demonstrating a level of cultural integration . 
  so ... they wo n't do that . 
  how is the eu or any rules for that matter at all relevant to what the migrants want . 
  like the crowd at calais will magically just go away because `` eh , uk is n't in the eu now '' ? 
  they still want to get to britain and do n't really care if there 's a european flag there or not . 
  uk is already not part of schengen which is what matter for this so i do n't understand what they are actually standing to gain with respect to the refugee crisis in particular . 
   no i just do not see this in isolation like you do . 
  if i would shout i am gon na rob your house and then approach your door what would you think ? 
  would you call the police or wait until i grab a handle ? 
  or until i am inside ? 
  right , see ... you would be right to call the police , but the police could n't do anything if nothing illegal were actually done . 
  they would be right to keep an extra eye out for the suspicious behavior , but that 's about all they could do until someone is actually wronged or a law violated . 
   intention to break the law is also punishable . 
  this is a far too broad of statement to just declare true . 
  there are major differences between common and civil law systems and it 's not true for all crimes and is generally fairly complicated . 
  the solution here , as was said before , is have actually police just watch them for if/when they do actually cross that line and then take care of it according to existing laws . 
  amateurs, 
  schengen does n't affect freedoms a at all . 
  there is still freedom of movement with border controls . 
  the idea is to focus investigation . 
  honestly , i have yet to see abuses of the existing investigation system that has plenty of rights built in . 
  the idea of making a hot line that wo n't show up on the phone bill is a good idea especially for women or children that may want to report with anonymity . 
  i feel like life in bosnia is n't that bad that it 'd be better being without papers in an eu country rather than a legal right to work in bosnia . 
  i 'll grant you i 'm not the typical `` immigrant '' demographic ( i came with an undergraduate degree ) but i dropped out of my spanish classes at some point because i was learning more from my social environment and books/tv/newspapers than i was ever getting out of the classes . 
  i routinely write contractual obligation in spanish now , though i have no formal certification . 
  for anyone curious , this is a screenshot from www.flightradar24.com . 
  you can also click any of the planes to find out where it 's going to/from , airline , etc. . . 
  i like how you can see the massive stream of aircraft going from europe to the persian gulf . 
   religiosity drops off gradually in a society . 
  not when you suddenly have the end of state imposed religion like that and the movida madrile\u00f1a right around the same time . 
  i 'm not originally from spain and too young anyway , but from everything i 've heard ... yeah it really was that fast . 
  and it also meant things like easy access to birth control as part of it . 
  less super catholicism . 
  but also consider that immigrants generally do n't come over as children and often leave when they are much older so they tend to bulge the middle as well .
