  the most `` anti-british '' comment is an ira bomb joke ( that i also thought was quite clever ), 
  how is it picking over bones saying that businesses will have operations where it is most advantageous to them . 
  if the uk leaves , i honestly wish them the best but they are putting their primary industry at a major disadvantage . 
  i have a question . 
  i know that here most people have no idea about the four freedoms except for freedom of movement of people . 
  do people in the uk honestly understand about freedom of capital ? 
  like that it 's a thing and pretty a pretty fundamental part of london 's dominance of finance . 
  ( obviously there are other things , too ), 
  if you do n't think the guarantees on freedom of movement of capital within the eu do n't contribute to london 's finance industry , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  dublin will be the choice for those who care about common law or english language more than anything else and frankfurt/paris for the rest . 
  2000 usd per year is a huge amount for spain . 
  that 's like a third of my total spanish tax bill and i 'm doing pretty well . 
  i 'm not willing to pay anything like that . 
  i 'm never going back , even if europe does go to shit . 
  i 'll go to asia or something . 
  it 's getting pretty personal and it 's not political , but i am very happy having broken away from home . 
  i want to start a business . 
  i 'm ditching the us passport as soon as i get my spanish one . 
  it 's really , really shitty if you are n't in an employee/employer relationship . 
  it does n't help that there 's a country at war that has a very porous border with the schengen area . 
  it 's really not that hard to get a load of ak47s from ukraine into poland . 
  ( though i am real glad they knew about that french guy that tried ), 
  the employment picture in last couple years has changed drastically for educated work . 
  i thought the polls were actually pretty close , the issue is fptp voting is extremely sensitive to small variations . 
  if the uk wants back in again , i doubt they 'd be allow the exceptions for cta and sterling . 
  that 's a benefit from being at the first negotiation table , and something you lose after throwing the toys out of the pram . 
  considering how much of norway 's economy is natural resources , it makes sense . 
  while the uk does have oil and fishing , it 's hardly the base of the economy . 
  banking services will move to dublin if they care about common law or paris/frankfurt . 
   but i 'm worried that eu will try to make it as hard as possible just to make an example of what happens if anybody dares to leave . 
  which is a benefit to the eu , the more powerful party in the negotiation . 
  granted , it 's per household , so it would be shitty in madrid , but that 's a reasonable salary even for a family in a fairly rural area . 
  so yeah , bullshit statistic . 
  if you 're actually leftist , that 's fair . 
  i have seen lots of centrist people that are podemos voters just out of frustration and then actively rail against the type of shit podemos wants to implement . 
  i remember a specific conversation complaining about how a friend 's family could n't get rid of a tenant and they were frustrated with the government so they wanted to vote podemos . 
  that 's just insane to me . 
  according to pretty much every detailed survey , the majority of people are n't that leftist , they are just frustrated ( which i get ) and podemos is more a `` fuck you '' to everyone else rather than that they support any specific policy . 
  so it 's really quite meaningless as far as actually being able to afford necessities . 
  30 % sounds like a pretty reasonable number for that statistic given how distributions work . 
  edit : as best as i can tell , it 's just an absolute over/under for making around 1350 $ per month net . 
  in a large part of spain , that 's a low but perfectly reasonable salary . 
  yeah , i 'm about as stereotypical of a c 's voter ( i was around the salamanca district in a suit just this morning , completely non-ironically ) as it gets but i really think he needs to step aside and just be an advisor for the party at this point . 
  he constantly says good points in stupid ways that obviously leave him open to attacks . 
  i really respect the guy , but he 's made for the private sector rather than politics whether he knows it or not . 
  satire is almost universally protected . 
  they are clearly not trying to infringe the brand . 
  directly from the transcript, 
  i have major issues with anyone saying the detention of l\u00f3pez and ledzema is legitimate . 
  i can tell you anecdotally in madrid i know longer know a single college graduate who ca n't find some work . 
  maybe not paid as well as they 'd like but it 's liveable and that 's a far better situation than 4 years ago when even having a degree would n't help you much . 
  things are absolutely getting better . 
  that does n't mean the same thing as being better yet . 
  i was legitimately shocked at the notion that they want to amend the constitution to make paying the public debt not a priority . 
  while continuing to deficit spend ... it 's fucking delusional . 
  both . 
  courts do n't deem things false . 
  they deem things as not enough evidence to be proved true . 
  just saying it 's a pretty important distinction . 
  that 's why it 's `` no culpable '' in stead of `` inocente '', 
  just this week they were the holdouts in voting against condemning the political situation and the worsening of the situation in venezuela . 
  hardly seems like ancient history . 
  you mean like this week when they were the only group to vote against a resoultion in the europarliament condemning the political prisoners in vz ? 
  i still do n't really get what `` at risk '' of poverty is . 
  that means not in poverty , right ? 
  emt is still not consistently funny , but they have been getting so much better over the last few years and when they have something , it 's usually really good . 
  almost at onion quality ( which is still mostly misses as well ), 
  i still do n't totally get it . 
  if the cats represent pp 's seats in the congress and they are what the buyer does n't want ... then vote in favor of something ? 
  they really did n't think it all the way through . 
  you ca n't confuse what 's good for an individual compared to the whole economy . 
  i mean , obviously it 's an equilibrium as too low of a value is just terrible as well . 
  but being unable to sell anything because it 's too expensive is pretty bad , too unless it 's from selling a natural resource ( see norway ), 
  i 'd be okay with it , especially if they have to be both in a coalition and a minority . 
  it would really mean they have to cut the shit . 
  podemos is pro-referendum but also unionist . 
  en com\u00fa podem , the catalan wing , is generally neutral on unionism in order to get both separatist and unionist votes . 
  but again , the catalan situation is nuts right now and they 're probably going to have to vote there again . 
  yeah , podemos really , really , really hates ciudadanos , neither would agree to the other even via abstention . 
  holy shit , the podemos representative just said paying back the debt should n't be a priority . 
  podemos and c 's will never be in a government together . 
  psoe + c 's is the coalition that already failed to support . 
  they tried despite not having the support and it failed . 
  it 's probably the most natural coalition , but they are way short of seats . 
  i just saw that it 'd be close but podemos + psoe with the abstention of erc and eh bildu but it 'd be down to within a few seats so impossible to say before the election . 
  en mi legislatura o la tuya ? 
  well yeah , that 'd be part of the negotiations . 
  but catalonia is a fucking mess right now so making red lines regarding anything there would be pretty short sighted . 
  the local coalition in catalonia just broke up yesterday ( i do n't know who actually expected a fairly pro-business group to be able pass a budget with communists ), 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da5b543c-2bbc-11e6-bf8d-26294ad519fc.html?siteedition=uk that article is a good roundup of my issue . 
  also the fact that germany has been massively subsidized since the end of wwii and refuses to acknowledge it . 
  first through massive military spending from nato and then from an artificially undervalued euro that i explained elsewhere in this thread . 
  they would , but they would only have 160 seats together and you need 175 to form a government minus any abstentions and i do n't know where they 'd get 30 seats to abstain . 
  granted it may change depending on a few seats so nothing definitive . 
  edit : i misread , they 'd be at almost 170 , that could work with an abstention of erc and eh bildu . 
  i do n't know who the spanish burlesconi would be . 
  maybe the old king . 
  i 'll copy my reply from the other thread on the same poll . 
  the polls show we will have the same gridlock as we do now with the exception of podemos/iu having more seats than psoe . 
  but it still works out that the only workable , two-party coalition will be psoe/pp which is just not going to happen .
