  i moved from indiana ( central usa , dying manufacturing base ) to spain . 
  i honestly feel like this seems like it 's a rough spike with a ton of potential here where a lot of my home state looks like it 's just abandoned industry . 
  i honestly have a much easier time economically , even in spain , than in the usa . 
  i am a typical american in that i pay almost $ 100 just to get a legal nfl stream in the fall . 
  what a mechanical and emotionless answer . 
  madrid, 
  yeah , i 'd be willing to bet that germany is making way more than they are putting out for greece by having the common market/currency and having an artificially low currency value for the rest of the world . 
  this is how all monetary unions work . 
  it 's why california and new york support states like mississippi and alabama in the us . 
  germany was actually one of the worst offenders of this prior to the euro as the west was supporting the east . 
  now maastricht was already in place , so that point is largely irrelevant . 
  although the same point could be made within the uk . 
  the point is yes ... political reforms are necessary , but the monetary union has made nearly everyone 's lives better . 
  this is fundamentally a political crises rooted in economics . 
  deficit maximum ! = debt ceiling . 
  hydro is pretty much already tapped out as most suitable dams have already been built . 
  germany is actually a great case study about over reliance on wind as it 's not meant to be a base load . 
  during windstorms they have a danger of overloading their grid because too much power is produced too fast . 
  geotherm is great where available , unfortunately most of the world does n't have enough volcanism to provide a decent base load . 
  nuke is still the safest , most sustainable option for providing power on the gigawatt scale that is required of modern generation facilities . 
  and i 'm sorry , but the germans are just basically planning on outsourcing a lot of their nuclear needs to france , who will gladly take their money , through imports . 
  not a coincidence . 
  i live in madrid, 
  look in r/spain or r/es ( en espa\u00f1ol ), 
  would you like to see my etchings ? 
  all doomsday predictions aside . 
  [ you may want to be more concerned with what 's going on with sterling . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com//finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=linear&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1305229745711&amp;chddm=1744203&amp;q=currency:gbpeur&amp;ntsp=0 ), 
  both the highways and the rail is infinitely better . 
  the us has n't even made a clear choice to stay with the highways . 
  indiana has lots of stretches of interstate that can damage a vehicle pretty badly . 
  friend had his brake system lose pressure after a jolt from a big pothole . 
  i do n't think i 've seen any paved road here in the kind of conditions the fucking main auto corridors were in back in the states . 
  it seems like the us ' lack of infrastructure commitment is finally catching up . 
  i do n't even know what the bus system is called , it exists but it 's generally terrible . 
  cincinnati has partially dug subway tunnels just sitting unused under there . 
  my experiences with most of florida are pretty similar . 
  as an example , i lived in toledo , ohio until i was 13 or so , and a city that size would probably warrant a metro with a few lines over here . 
  whereas there ... an extremely sparse bus system . 
  thanks for some sanity . 
  the news here was doing the `` could this be the beginning of the end of unified europe ? ', 
  thing . 
  now guys , get euros . 
  i always just thought saying american was mostly because there 's no other really convenient way to say it in english . 
  also , there 's a disproportionate influence of the more rural states in both the legislature due to each state having 2 senators regardless of population and the presidency due to the importance of preliminary voting in iowa . 
  i 'm all for countries working to get their nationals that are truly railroaded by the law out of jails and all that . 
  this case , however , is at the very best extremely murky . 
  and i 'm sorry , you know if your boyfriend is a mexican drug lord . 
  everyone who travels abroad should be aware that you are subject to the laws and punishment of the country you are in , regardless of what your home government may think . 
  ask the us hikers sitting in iranian jail right now who have been there for years for accidentally crossing the borders . 
  awhile could be up to a couple years . 
  it is a schengen visa , but it 's issued by the country of residence . 
  it 's completely ridiculous . 
  i have a project in france that i may have to move to for awhile . 
  meaning i 'd have to go back to the us for over a month to get a new visa for france . 
  i 'm already going to have to go back to change visa statuses . 
  and once i get the blue card for a certain number of years i get to have the same work and free movement benefits as an eu citizen . 
  it 's all completely bonkers and needs an eu wide office . 
  the thing is states have very little to say about your right to be in a particular state . 
  i 'm just grateful i have my company to help me get to semi-permanent and then permanent residency and navigate the immigration system . 
  ( which has nothing on the byzantine us system ), 
  bah , colbert is out too . 
  south park still functioning as of now , though . 
  yeah , it 's probably an elaborate ruse to get people to send them enough money to stay longer . 
  i mean , who flies ryanair not expecting all the fees ? 
  you mean not scooping corn flakes out of the box with my hand and then mixing with milk from the carton in my mouth ? 
  how fancy . 
  i assure you i 've had several breakfasts by 13h, 
  for me as a non-eu citizen , having a de facto common immigration policy with things like the blue card to ensure free movement while different countries are enforcing different laws to their discretion is absolutely absurd to me . 
  also , the separate cell phone networks would be wonderful to get rid of . 
  especially for those near a schengen border having to worry about international roaming . 
  honestly , i would say lowering the cost would probably be the biggest influencer . 
  particularly for daycare . 
  i know it 's cheap compared to lots of places but rather than a direct subsidy , it would make it easier to see the costs down . 
  also , increase tax break for kids , and have something in between one kid and 3 for subsidies . 
  in my case i could easily see something like that swaying my decision to have kids earlier or have more kids . 
  it 's around but most of it is knock off brand stuff . 
  probably in the bigger cities where there is a lot more asian food in general . 
  i have found the real stuff in a few places but i usually just buy it in the us since my wife ca n't get enough of it . 
  i usually pay around 50 $ for 45 liters if i 'm really low . 
  that 's absolutely massive . 
  do you mean international tourists or local tourists , too ? 
  in spain the northern coast is incredible but it 's mostly spaniards that go there aside from directly on the camino de santiago . 
  alberta is often joked about as the texas of canada . 
  they are very ` cowboy ' type . 
  love some big trucks and shotguns and all that with lots of oil money . 
  the calgary stampede is an annual rodeo that 's a huge party and attraction . 
  vancouver is pretty similar to seattle in the pacific northwest environment and culture . 
  sorry , i would say ( ignoring french canada for a moment ) that the differences within canada and the us are far greater than any cross border difference . 
  the obvious issue of health care , but everything i said about the us also holds true for canada . 
  i 've never been to qu\u00e9bec so i ca n't speak for french canada . 
  honestly the biggest difference in culture ( apart from the obvious of language ) is that people here really enjoy life on the street . 
  walking sidewalks and sidewalk terraces are basically a way of life . 
  in the us , you just kind of drive to where you want to go and do n't really enjoy the way . 
  i 'd also say family is a lot more important . 
  since people have a lot less money in general here , it 's way more important to have help when you are starting out and keep on living with family , but even then it 's just more normal to live with family . 
  like i 'd consider having my mother in law live with us even though i 'm in my 30s and not consider it weird . 
  money , it 's not a poor country but salaries are way less , though it 's somewhat offset by cheaper prices . 
  but regardless 50k $ a year is considered a really good salary here , for example . 
  dating ... well with living with parents it 's a bit more complex but other than that , it 's hard to make generalizations .
