  i met my wife through language exchange and never really dated around all that much . 
  but i did n't in the us either . 
  food here is amazing and relies a lot more on natural flavors rather than other sorts of spices like back in the us . 
  cars are generally smaller mostly to be able to park and a standard car is a 5 door hatchback . 
  city centers are not great for driving but suburbs and rural areas are pretty car dependent . 
  luxuries tend to be pretty similar . 
  people mostly aspire to the same stuff . 
  bigger houses , nicer phones , flying up front , etc. . . 
  though that sort of thing tends to be a global market so the relative price difference is more . 
  i grew up in the us but have lived in spain basically ever since i left college . 
  your question seems really broad , anything specifically ? 
  i would say there are two main stereotypes . 
  * slightly dim but overall caring though prone to mistakes * workaholic who is always in a suit and only cares about making more money, 
  also , while it 's true that spain does have a claim on gibraltar , it 's not actively trying to get it back . 
  that said , they did illegally construct on the isthmus when spain was at war and basically expanded on what was neutral territory and where the airport is today . 
  also , the issue with brexit is that gibraltar is not a part of the uk , just under the sovereignty of the crown and they are definitely different things . 
  gibraltar can agree to be bound to the uk 's negotiation , but they are n't obligated to by law and still have n't so the spanish position that they will need a separate agreement seems quite reasonable to me unless they agree to follow the uk 's negotiation . 
   what difference does it make to me ? 
  but that 's a source of at least 25 % of banter with portuguese bros. 
  you do n't have run down castles in the middle of nowhere with basically no maintenance . 
  the preserved ones here are like that , but you can find plenty that are falling apart and basically serve as a spot for teenagers to drink and have sex . 
  he said heathrow not luton . 
  heathrow is at least baroque . 
  i love spain , but i 'd get out of madrid if i had the chance . 
  i 'd probably choose zaragoza . 
  it 's close to fantastic skiing in the winter and still gets hot in the summer , not a far drive from the beach . 
  it 's got enough people to have activity like a big city , but not so many to be overwhelming . 
  you can also be in madrid or barcelona in an hour and a half on the train . 
  the situation at gibraltar right now is kind of a joke and could very well end up a lot more formalized . 
  since as it is right now you just kind of flash your id card in the general direction of the border and keep walking . 
  they search cars because it 's a smuggling haven , but foot traffic is the majority and it 's very rarely stopped or held up . 
  i 'm not even an eu citizen and they just wave me on through . 
  nobody ( well only some very extreme groups ) in spain is talking about taking gibraltar from the uk . 
  there are complex legal issues surrounding entry and trade rights , fisheries , etc. . that need to be ironed out and as of right now gibraltar is n't under uk law so negotiations with the uk are not the same as negotiations with gibraltar since bots are legally autonomous . 
  that 's completely made up . 
  there may be serious issues with ownership and landing rights , but literally nobody has doubted there 'd be overflight rights . 
  it 's not about ceding territory , it 's that gibraltar is not governed under the same laws as the uk since gibraltar is n't part of the uk . 
  if gibraltar were to agree to all the same conditions as the uk does for brexit , i 'm fine with negotiating as one , but they have n't so i 'm not . 
  a huge amount of people ( including british people ) do n't actually understand the legal status of gibraltar and how it complicates things . 
  usd is still the main global currency . 
  i often bring us dollars to travel to third countries that are n't at all related ( though euros are usually just as good now ) . 
  so yes , everyone knows usd . 
  almost everyone here would know the mexican peso , but i do n't think spain is representative of europe on that front . 
  and most people would probably guess dollar for canada but would n't know it for sure . 
  i know the exchange rates because i work in international business and also i am american so i need it both professionally and personally . 
  i also travel a fair amount so i can quote lots of random exchange rates . 
  did that one give any problems ? 
  i generally really hate calatrava so i 'm immediately sceptical of any of his work . 
  there 's still a set in almer\u00eda that 's kept as a tourist attraction . 
  it really does look like the american west . 
  we 're the only ones allowed to get away with speaking spanish at you guys . 
  i do say `` at '' because i 'm not going to understand a word you say back . 
  i generally do n't mind shitty pop music but the constant barrage is just too much . 
  finally feels like it might be dying off a bit but it 's been a constant for the last couple months . 
  both are on constantly . 
  there 's basically always at least a few regget\u00f3n songs in the top 10 and so when there 's one like this ... it 's just nonstop . 
  people in spain absolutely love to complain about how it 's pretty much the worst country ever and everyone else has a better life . 
  about 95 % of those people have never lived abroad ( or maybe did an erasmus and think that 's how most people live in the host country ) and those that do and come back seem to really appreciate that life is n't so bad here . 
  british system seems pretty reasonable . 
  citizenship for children of people born in the uk and residence rights for grandkids . 
  most irish in america did n't register their kids citizenship . 
  this kind of fucked me as i would have had a much easier time figuring out how to live before i got married . 
  but soon i 'll be spanish so it all worked out . 
  were you born on the island ? 
  anyone born on the island of ireland is automatically an irish citizen . 
  depending on how much time you 're willing to spend you could do the feve across northern spain and then move down to lisbon and back through madrid ( lisbon to madrid is a shitty overnight train ) . 
  the feve is narrow gauge which may be of interest to you as an enthusiast of the actual tracks . 
  would probably take close to a week , though . 
  i studied for a summer at a university on fourvi\u00e8re hill and you could definitely see them from the balcony of our dormitory . 
  the downside of living on an island . 
  what do you mean paying fees ? 
  from the uk you 'd have to pay for passage on either the tunnel or a ferry , but that 's just because they are private operators providing a service . 
  you could theoretically do it for free if you had an aquatic car . 
  you do n't have to pay the government for getting your passport checked and there are currently no customs duties between uk and france . 
  not from poland to ukraine . 
  only within the schengen area . 
  note that this is not the same as eu as there are non-schengen eu countries ( uk , ireland , croatia , romania , bulgaria , cyprus ) and non-eu countries in schengen ( iceland , norway , switzerland ) . 
  so you can drive from poland to lithuania with no border control but you will have one crossing from poland to ukraine . 
  yeah , op is definitely going to have to do some investigation about belarus . 
  the rest is just booking flights/trains whatever, 
  austria , hungary , slovakia , poland and lithuania are all in the schengen area . 
  there are literally no border controls and it 's like crossing between states in the us ( with the notable exception of france right now ) . 
  plenty of cross border transport traffic . 
  ukraine is not eu nor schengen but it 's pretty easy . 
  just stay away from the conflict areas . 
  crimea is fully administered as russia so you would need to cross the russian border to get there . 
  you should n't be going there , but the donetsk and luhansk people 's republics are also administered as independent , even if nobody recognizes them . 
  but seriously , stay away from war zones . 
  belarus is going to be the tricky one . 
  i know it was nearly impossible to get the visa but they 've just introduced a new short stay with no visa . 
  also , do n't be so dismissive of flying , it 's very often the best method of transport . 
  edit : oh yeah , and be careful if you are hiring a car and you take it outside the eu . 
  for example i doubt many companies would be okay with you taking their car into ukraine . 
  i would say for most blue collar type jobs you count it as per month after taxes . 
  for most professional type jobs it 's per year before taxes . 
  [ vetusta morla - copenhague ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw2cy_7rwf0 ) it 's actually a good song . 
  we curse a lot and we do n't apologize for it . 
  hah , seems pretty universal that the term ` pretogues ' is enjoyed . 
  also , portugal apparently colonized the parts of africa with the best looking people . 
  the angolan women are generally gorgeous .
