  i assume that number on its own has a deeper meaning than any words could express . 
  ` so it has come to this . ', 
  edit : i 've posted this comment before jedijane 's edit , so it was n't a reply to the dollar amount , but her/his first to sentences only . 
  i am not , but i just might move to diego if you know a girl like this over there . 
  oh alright . 
  also , just fyi , she 's reading this herself . 
  still better than i expected . 
  thank you for your help , but that actress looks really , really different . 
  ( she also does n't even exist because her name 's actually karlie simon without a letter e at the end , but i think i 'll let that one slide . 
  * edit : or is it ? 
  i 'm not even sure now . 
  but seriously , thanks regardless , i 'm not even expecting any better matches than this karlie you 've got here - she 's a pretty tough one , that girl [ . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com `` in several senses of the word , even . '' ), 
  well , i ca n't say we are not getting any closer , but honestly , that 's still pretty far . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  edit : okay , you edited your post to add that first picture , and i feel like i must award you two extra points for that . 
  nice work , sir !, 
  actually , that seems to make sense . 
  ... why are you getting upvotes if you did n't tell us the translation either ? 
   the sign at the end says `` in the case of shoplifting , we always notify the police . '', 
  the word added with a marker says `` almost '' , explaining that on this special occasion , she was allowed to walk away and got some cake to boot !, 
  and also a [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/justiceporn/comments/yyt82/retail_thief_number_10000_gets_a_special_dutch/c602u1k ) to the comment itself , which has a translation for everything in the video . 
  * everything !, 
  also , this disagreement will obviously destroy their marriage . 
  there are no other aspects to a relationship . 
  and a start at the end . 
  now why did this take four comments ? 
  her best game/visual novel in my opinion is ` do n't take it personally babe , it just ai n't your story ' - i 'd really appreciate if someone could link to it instead of me though , as i 'm using a phone at the moment . 
  why is that ? 
  how is google ever going to use any personal information against you ? 
  edit : i 'm genuinely curious , i 've never understood all these privacy concerns everyone has . 
  all i see in this stuff is how they are using it for my benefit to personalize my ads and the like . 
  well , it 's hard to grasp for me nevertheless . 
  i simply just do n't mind google reading every single one of my words , i have no problems with them knowing everything about me , even if that includes my personal life . 
  mvm could easily have been under development , or at least in the design phase at the time of the release of the engineer 's update teaser video , there is no proof against it , and knowing valve 's pace of work just makes it more likely that mvm was already being planned by then . 
  dota 2 . 
  dota 2 so much . 
  i 've got 200 hours of playtime in dota 2 , and i still not only suck , but i have n't even had the chance to try around 60 % of the game . 
  that is , i 've only tried 40 % of the heroes , who are all played differently , with all kinds of different abilities . 
  also , i play only around 5 % of all heroes somewhat decently . 
  have a look at / r/dota2 - there are a few useful links in the sidebar for people wanting to try the game . 
  i died at 3:25 with 10/9 ... 
  i do n't think i am a good player :(, 
  do n't worry , you 're not as bad as i am . 
  i died after 3:25 on my first try . 
  this comment started out pretty well , but boy , did it degrade quickly . 
  these guys had a password protected private lobby , but i 've guessed the password to be ` asdf ' , and joined their game . 
  the explanation i 've given for how i could join their lobby while it was private was that i was a valve employee , and my job was to commentate random games - and everyone always believes me when i tell them this story . 
  to be fair , i did tell them that another caster might be assigned to them after i leave :d, 
  another one that usually works is ` dota ' . 
  ^ ^ ^ oh & nbsp ; how & nbsp ; i & nbsp ; hate & nbsp ; people & nbsp ; who & nbsp ; say & nbsp ; this , & nbsp ; sorry & nbsp ; everyone . 
  rj , heeelp , we 've got that tournament match in 17 minutes and real_alien quit on us now , so we do n't have a fifth anymore d :, 
  edit : also , everyone , this ^ guy sucks . 
  honestly , i still have a feeling they did believe it . 
  and even if they did n't - it 's still fun to do !, 
  i joke around with them , they do so with me , and everyone 's happy , right ? 
  i indeed am . 
  i 'm addicted to the validation reddit gives me when i see that people upvoted me . 
  quite sad , honestly . 
  then they might see this and then laugh about it . 
  i was not trying to spread as much misinformation as possible . 
  yay , we can be hiding at the bottom of the comment page now . 
  hooray !, 
  aww you called me innocent , 
  yeah , i feel someone 's disapproving eyes fixed on us . 
  may i say though , that i find it funny that i reacted exactly the same way , not even trying to prove you wrong , just saying that my personal opinion is that they did believe it - and i still am getting downvoted by half the people reading my comment , as if your glorification here made me the villain . 
  do n't get me wrong though ; this is not a complaint , just pointed out as i 've found this a funny example of reddit 's one sidedness ( i 've seen countless examples of this during my two years on here too . 
  ' i like this x , therefore , any other x sucks . ' ), 
  i see . 
  in that case , joke 's on me , eh ? 
  regardless , most of the people still clearly believe me , it 's just my luck that i happened to save the chatlog from this isolated case only . 
  yup . 
  could someone please upload the apk ? 
   most pudge players are average or worse, 
  if most players are worse than average , why is n't the average worse ? 
  i 'm not saying matchmaking is broken , but how is your comment supposed to prove otherwise ? 
  not even people who hate the system can possibly believe that there are no such cases at all , they say only that they are rare . 
  also , the discussion seemed to be more about matchmaking based on personality rather than skill . 
  people predict that microsoft will gradually try to phase out support to non-store apps . 
  edit : just as a sidenote , i think it 's really unlikely that this is going to happen in the next 10 or so years . 
  also , i 've been using windows 8 since march now , and i love it . 
  not from within , but metro and non-metro can run side by side . 
  you do realize that is just an opinion of yours , right ? 
  you do realize that it is n't fair at all to say that microsoft ` deserves all the scorn in the world ' just because you personally do n't like their latest product , right ? 
  i 'm sorry my comment was n't clear enough - the issue is not with you having a different opinion than mine , naturally . 
  the issue is the verdict you have there , based purely on your opinion . 
  look :, 
   i do n't like windows 8 , so i 'll keep using windows 7 . 
  nothing wrong with this . 
   i do n't like windows 8 , so it deserves to die . 
  now , that is just unfair . 
  having no users is the equivalent of death for software . 
  unless each black hole is inside itself . 
  geez my head 's going to start to hurt if i do n't stop thinking about this right now . 
  fuck twilight ; stay brave . 
  then you ca n't pause . 
  [ how i read this comment . 
  nope , [ it was more like this in style ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp_pijc2ga4 ) , with less vocals . 
  it also slightly reminded me of [ this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mg0oeljbhms ) . 
  hah , kraftwerk 's a good guess , i actually had to listen to some kraftwerk after hearing the song in question just because 80 's electronic and stuff ... but no .
