  no , he did n't get into politics until very recently , and only on twitter . 
  in his latest video he even said he does n't want to deal with politics at all . 
  that ... does sound a bit familiar . 
  maybe i misremembered him saying he does n't want to get political on the jontron channel ? 
  are you suggesting that jon 's statements during that 2 hour stream were jokes ? 
  you see , it 's easy for you to say you can separate the content from the political views if you agree with them , but what we 're doing is no different than / r/therightboycott on the other side , where they have a mile long list of people to boycott for saying liberal things . 
  i have n't seen any evidence of brigading . 
  have you ? 
  changing the dimensions would probably not be very good for the accessory ecosystem , especially the joy-cons , which i think they want to reach iconic status ( like all their other home console controllers . ), 
  tim hortons , dark roast , they admit it 's shitty , yadda yadda, 
  in case anyone is interested in the details , origin , and resolution of the bug , it 's discussed over here : https://github.com/bitcoinunlimited/bitcoinunlimited/issues/386, 
  this is good for bitcoin !, 
  let 's assume for a second that we believe your conspiracy theory . 
  what then makes you think that these are the last few bugs in the client and it will be ` rock solid ' soon ? 
  i 'm pretty new myself , and ca n't really accept the responsibility of introducing someone to a way to lose their fortune . 
  if you 're interested , have a look around / r/stocks , or / r/wallstreetbets . 
  you 're filtering out / r/liberal ? 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to just crawl further into your echo chamber : /, 
  start the axis at 0 % and end it at 100 % to make this chart actually useful instead of just unnecessarily scary . 
  but it 's dropping way slower than the chart makes it seem like . 
  you 're just being dishonest here , regardless of your point . 
  except you were saying ` fuck pycharm , ' which is not something a normal person says if their only problem is that they do something differently than 99 % of users and their way is n't the default . 
  so i guess everyone wrongly assumed you * must * have something more interesting to say if we ask you to elaborate . 
  you do n't just out-design google with a competing app . 
  they had it coming either way , which makes it smart that they did n't put more effort into their app . 
  i work at a czech tech company . 
  i 've heard several people at least say it before . 
  most say just ` czech , ' though . 
   sorry ted , looks like our improvements budget has been cut . 
  you 're going to have to write less code this quarter . 
  i might 've been unclear . 
  you can absolutely have better design , but it wo n't be ` out-designing ' , i.e. 
  you wo n't beat google on the basis of your better design . 
  glympse did n't really have anything unique that would 've justified an acquisition . 
  it 's not like they had a unique product ( especially not a hardware product ) like nest , they had no valuable data like waze , all they had was something no one else really bothered to implement at the time , really . 
  the article says, 
   the claims of russian kompromat on trump were `` credible , '' the cia believed . 
  your title says, 
   the cia confirmed to bbc foreign correspondent that there are multiple sex tapes of trump, 
  do you think this is acceptable / u/username3 ? 
  get out of here . 
  i 've seen some double taxation protection agreement between hungary and czechia , i hope that covers this case . 
  otherwise : crap . 
  thanks for the answer , i guess i 'll call nav for advice then . 
  i was hoping i could skip that :(, 
  so to clarify , your only problem with this discussion is the wording ? 
  jonathan blow , too . 
  also 4,650 vehicles in transit . 
  their goal for the first two quarters has been set to 47,000-50 ,000 deliveries . 
  looking pretty good . 
  be wary of drawing any actual conclusions off of this . 
  not only is your sample size really small here , but there also are probably tons of other things that could be causing the change after noon . 
  no , the reason they overbook is all the no-shows . 
  their goal with overbooking is not exactly to pay for someone to be removed from the plane . 
  they do n't like to do that either . 
  it it really causes more problems than the profit it brings , why do you think airlines are doing it ? 
  how would they make more money like this ? 
  they do n't just refuse to take the passenger , ever . 
  they give them a seat of the same value and some extra money , too . 
  there is indeed no refund for no-shows . 
  so if you have 100 seats and expect one person to miss their flight on average , you can just sell 101 tickets to have 1 % more revenue . 
  this translates to an even larger increase in profits , since this last , no-show passenger has virtually no expenses associated with them ( you do n't pay for extra fuel , staff time , per-passenger fees , etc. ), 
  i think there was a lot of misunderstanding here , i work in the industry and have already known about these shenanigans . 
  in that comment i was trying to refute the suggestion that involuntary deplaning is profitable , not that overbooking is profitable . 
  thanks , anyway . 
   their stock is down by a good margin . 
  no it is n't . 
  google ` ual stock ' and check the 1mo tab . 
  but then look at the [ actual chart ] ( https://i.underyx.me/2017-04-12t13-14-18.qipwn.png ), 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  this is not the full story . 
  checking in is a thing because of the no-shows who do n't tell the airline that they 're not going after all . 
  this is why they bump passengers at the gate and not earlier - they need to close check-in to know how many passengers they actually have ready to board . 
  can you link me to any flexible ticket program that does n't require you to announce what flight you 're taking 24 hours in advance and that allows you to select full flights ? 
  [ you 're wrong . 
  ] ( http://english.stackexchange.com/a/64581 ), 
  is n't the point of this to just point out there 's more homeless women that one would assume ? 
  i would 've assumed like 1 in 10 or something . 
  in reality though , their argument 's basis is not this , but what 's described in the next sentence , cropped off from op 's screenshot :, 
   iran had a legitimate claim to the money , as the united states owed it to iran as part of a resolution to a decades-long financial dispute . 
  so it was the repayment of some sort of debt that was going to be due either way . 
  just delaying that really sounds somewhat different from ransom , especially since the resolution was already agreed upon . 
  so the claim is somewhere between true and false . 
  sure thing !, 
  ' 1 in 4 is ' just sounded weird and incorrect to me so i went and checked . 
  turns out actually we both were wrong \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  well , it 's still a big misrepresentation of politifact 's analysis . 
  anyway , if you have any further information about this $ 400mm dispute i 'm willing to go off topic and go over it . 
  thanks for the in-depth response , / u/sun _ wolf !, 
  to be perfectly honest , i ca n't justify spending this time to research the topic in much more detail . 
  i , however , know very well the state of mind when you 're skeptical about everything in relation to someone/something based on their history , and i understand your viewpoint a lot better now . 
  thankfully , my opinion on the matter is absolutely inconsequential , so i 'm comfortable with just leaving it at that and not leaning either way . 
  on that note , i 'm still very much against discrediting politifact based on op 's blurb , taken out of context , which well over a hundred people seem to be taking part in in this thread . 
  which makes theirs the correct approach . 
  a whole mug 's worth of alcohol sticking on a cat when they step into a puddle is a bug . 
  how about after 5 months ? 
  it 's just three people . 
  other than the trolls , no one really has anything to add to this post . 
  do n't worry . 
  yes , people use gnome .
