  because i can ravage you twice in a row, 
  can be modified to be written as, 
   i think you 're a refresher , because i can ravage you twice in a row, 
  while retaining the same meaning . 
  this sentence is based on the following implication :, 
   if someone can be affected by ravage twice , they are * ( at least likely to be ) * a refresher orb . 
  now , in my plenty of hours of playing dota 2 i have never seen a refresher orb affected by any skill other than doom . 
  not only that , but i also have seen quite a lot of things being actually ravaged twice , none one which/whom were a refresher orb . 
   i found your hair to be gorgeous . 
  oh , thought you were posting these just to piss me off after how i overanalyzed the refresher one . 
  you do n't eat tangoes , you use them to eat trees . 
  `` i 've not seen you until now '' is not really enchanting . 
  bad redditor , go read the article . 
   video game tournament raises only $ 50 million , competitive gaming considered dead, 
  to no avail , you mean . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure i had this on 5.0 as well . 
  or to be more precise , ever since i had ambient display . 
  you ca n't start off a post with an excited title and then just make a nonchalant ` tho ' remark in your post body . 
  i think i 'm going to opt to use uber for getting around , then . 
  especially since they have a referral program , and for everyone who signs up [ here ] ( https://www.uber.com/invite/uberunderyx ) , i get a free trip of up to 10 eur . 
  oh right , and whoever signs up with it also gets a free trip . 
  i dunno , you could even link your own referral codes to start a referral chain and give the entirety of reddit free car rides . 
  but , like , whatever . 
   is there someone we can blame for this [ ... ] let them fear the gaming community for next year, 
  jesus , business does n't work like that , do n't be jerks to them for this . 
  ` we were n't able to work something out ' means that esl did n't want to or could n't pay them enough to get us free public transport . 
  no one is at fault here and whining is not going to just magically create more wealth to support the extra transit usage . 
  edit : / u/fluffz86 had the following comments , each one deleted :, 
   is there someone we can blame for this , e.g. 
  facebook page with the guy you negotiated with ? 
  also i would be interested how much money they wanted for 10k people using public transport ? 
  is n't this something the stadium `` owners '' should be dealing with , since i guess it is pretty standard for football matches or concerts . 
   since i am downvoted a lot , this was mostly aiming at the aspect whether it was not manageable at all ( e.g. 
  then we should raise awareness ) or the organizers were just not willing to pay enough . 
  calm your tits guys ... 
   that was what my second question was aiming at , one can easily calculate how much the 4 rides per person would cost and see how much discout the people at rmv were willing to give ( if any , normally these companys do not deal with small amount of people individually , thats why i thought the stadium would have a default agreement ) . 
  with a international audience it should be something the organizers should be willing to give a few extra bucks just to make everything smoother and not let the people start the day with confusion how to get to the event and pay way too much by being unable to read the instructions on the maschines . 
  comparing to the amount the vip tickets cost , this is something i can not agree with and if the fault is on the rmv side i guess putting a bit bad publicity on them would be the way to improve this for next year . 
  permalink, 
  i do n't think it matters ? 
  how are they different from an organizer 's perspective ? 
  oh dear , i 'm sorry , i posted this from a phone and it cut off 90 % of my submission , with the details . 
  i 'll see if i can recover it from somewhere or i 'll write it up again soon . 
  huh ? 
  uberx is the main product of uber . 
  so it turns our my post was missing 90 % of the text body i wrote , so sorry about that !, 
  i 've edited it now to re-add the details . 
  alright , i wrote the details down again . 
  really sorry about the vague , low quality post i had up there earlier . 
  wow , they just updated [ the funding log ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1faqcki4woh85woqdl0p9rdkwacvlg5r4woth0dkcmew/htmlview?usp=sharing&amp;sle=true ) and they 're already at 1 & nbsp ; 634 & nbsp ; 027 & nbsp ; huf !, 
  nope !, 
  what did they do so wrong that you 're this hostile towards them ? 
  what did you hate about it so much ? 
  i liked the update . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  weird , i never had any problems with performance , and i like the design , too . 
  what devices are people having performance issues on ? 
  that kind of makes sense from a business perspective , though , does n't it ? 
  especially if we assume that from the tons of partners , at least a few insisted on including an exclusivity clause for the platform in their contract . 
  i do n't see how it 's fair for someone to be mad at a business for wanting to make more money and/or uphold their old contracts . 
  it 's not really unethical to not work on a specific new feature . 
  hmm , indeed , i would n't know of this myself since i 've never downloaded tracks . 
  i 'm assuming that so few people use downloading , let alone to a custom location , that spotify did n't think the feature was worth the time investment ? 
  both for the cost of initial development , and the time that the added complexity wastes later on . 
  now that i think of it though , could n't you just reinstall an older version of the client until your subscription expires ? 
  i 'm sure there 's another music service you could subscribe to instead that has this feature . 
  stars off their rating ? 
  sure . 
  users leaving ? 
  yeah , they deserve that . 
  but users getting emotional over this and yelling at them ? 
  what 's up with that ? 
  okay , with all due respect for res , i think you 're the one not thinking it out here . 
  from what i 've seen you write and do , i 'm actually rather surprised that i see your name above this comment . 
  do you honestly think that without having any access to spotify 's data , without any experience ( supposedly ) with leading a corporation in the music industry , without any information about what kind of people spotify 's user base consists of , without any knowledge of the specifics of the deals spotify made with the manufacturers , based only on your own experiences ... do you think that with all this on the table , you can just state as a fact , that spotify made a bad decision here ? 
  do you really believe that a company the size of spotify just `` does n't think it out '' when it comes to defining business decisions such as this one ? 
  fair enough , that does n't sound that bad anymore . 
  actually , i guess my real issue with sentiment like yours , which i unfairly projected onto this conversation as well , is that people are getting mad at companies for making decisions they do n't like . 
  they are getting mad without even trying to find out the reasoning behind the decision , and that bothers me a great deal . 
  and even when such decisions turn out to be bad , why is everyone ignoring the fact that no one can predict the future ? 
  if there 's a $ 1m investment a company can make to launch a product that has a 90 % chance to fail , but will bring a profit of $ 100m if it succeeds , they definitely are in the right to go for it , and i ca n't stand the sad reality that companies are hated on after such a project turns out to be a failure , and that people feel superior to them for having predicted the failure . 
  i know this is n't entirely applicable to you , so i apologize for basing my previous comment on this mindset . 
  neat , thanks , man !, 
  this amount is actually enough for five beers here in hungary , so you just made two whole nights of mine . 
  magic , whee !, 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  it was initially random , but due to users thinking it was n't with all their cognitive biases , they had to implement a specific ( pretty smart ) algorithm for it , [ as described here ] ( https://labs.spotify.com/2014/02/28/how-to-shuffle-songs/ ) . 
  i have no idea how it could possibly be made better than that . 
   i do n't know about that . 
  the company is new and their cash flow is limited , so the chance of that happening is almost 0 % . 
  you really could n't take that extra second to type out your comment like this ? 
  b o y s, 
  it 's not even speedrunning , just getting as far on the level as possible . 
  i do n't think anyone here was criticizing his commentary to hurt his feelings . 
  why would that be a good thing ? 
  now that 's just entirely false . 
  you must have missed the other 95 % of the announcements , then . 
  indeed , i think it 's better if we just pass on this one . 
  actually that 's the sole reason i posted this photo . 
  it 's / u/dyslexicat 's head on / u/rjacksonm1 's body , stitched together by the panorama photo algorithm .
