  a [ press release today ] ( http://kotaku.com/nintendo-switch-will-not-have-virtual-console-at-launch-1792668183 ) confirmed fast rmx ( along with shovel knight ) to be a launch title . 
   the entire online system is unfinished, 
  that 's not hardware . 
   third parties seem to only have had three months or so to develop games, 
  that 's not hardware either . 
  unless there actually is a problem with the hardware , i see no reason to delay its release . 
  even if we ignore all the launch titles , what would be bad about releasing a lump of silicon ? 
  who cares , then ? 
  if that 's true , no one will buy it until the software is there , right ? 
  so who cares ? 
  how is that bad ? 
  the key difference , i think , is that :, 
  the nintendo switch ca n't be considered unfinished by any means . 
  it ships without some unimplemented extra features ( browser , virtual console ) which are n't an integral part of it at all . 
  i 've never used either on the wii , for instance . 
  nintendo is a reputable , and mature company , unlike indies with early access titles . 
  they have billions of dollars in cash reserves . 
  there 's zero risk of them not being able to deliver something they promise to ( and i ca n't remember a precedent for this from them , either . ), 
  and according to a vague memory of mine of some podcast i listened to , lost luggage is also auctioned off in atlanta . 
   supper fantastic, 
  that 's a weird phrase but i guess dinner is pretty great so i get where you 're coming from . 
  but the actual proper way to format/markup this list of games is neither having five paragraphs , nor one paragraph with line breaks -- instead , it 's using list syntax :, 
  - snipperclips, 
  - bomberman r, 
  - 1 , 2 switch, 
  because they were n't in any particular order . 
  how much is the 3ds battery life ? 
  how would they ? 
  i 'd imagine that when it comes off it makes a huge \\* snap * sound , the kind that makes your heart skip a beat . 
  but it seemed like it should take just one second to put it back , and you 're already holding the switch anyway when it comes off . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  a psa that the switch falls over if you push it in tabletop mode ? 
  your article 's second screenshot 's text says ` enter the 12 digits ' . 
  novelty ? 
  i bought the switch today . 
  saw the hero announcement video multiple times on reddit , never even cared enough to take precious time from zelda to watch it . 
  yep , i felt the same way . 
  also , cause of usami magically summoning a cow right at the start . 
  we do n't know which country you 're from though . 
  that 's not what the screenshot says at all . 
  this is just a copyright notice that some part of the freebsd kernel is present in one way or another in the switch . 
  not necessarily used by the operating system itself . 
  they 'd have to put up this notice even if they just copy-pasted ten lines of code from freebsd for use in their own software . 
  if they copy-paste something from the freebsd kernel 's source , then they need to state they took something from the freebsd kernel , simple as that . 
  i think he meant ` fake news ' in the sense of ` publication that makes factual claims they know to be false to get ad views and/or sway political opinion ' , like the ones we saw before the election . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i feel a bit like this was a deliberate strategy from trump and co. since right after the elections there was a lot of talk about these ` blatant lies ' websites and how their effect favored the republican party . 
  these were commonly referred to as ` fake news ' , but then trump started calling everything else fake news . 
  this totally murkied up the definition , made the word sound meaningless to most ( that 's the power of semantic satiation ) , and made people sick of hearing the term over and over again , thus totally nullifying the opposition 's arguments . 
  it 's scary that manipulating culture like this seems to be more effective than providing real arguments . 
  in the main ` story ' mode it has 3 worlds with 15 levels each . 
  then it has some ( maybe half as many ) bonus levels with 4 characters to control , and three 1v1/2v2 minigames . 
  yeah , it 's so difficult to remove i thought mine was broken or that i had broken it when i first tried to take it off . 
  you can try parental controls , it should have playtime reports . 
  i do n't really see myself playing them often . 
  there 's basketball , hockey , and a fighting game where you have to fully cut the other player out to win . 
   steam controller does in fact have hd haptic feedback, 
  i dunno , when i turn on rumble on mine , it 's just the two touchpads that do some screeching noise instead of actually vibrating . 
   its also full rebindable , is able to load and unload contoller profiles via cloud, 
  that 's not a feature you 'd factor into the hardware 's price . 
   battery life has also been reported to last 60 + hours . 
  but it does n't even have a battery . 
  you supply your own . 
   who the fuck cares about nfc readers ? 
  mostly people who use amiibos . 
  also , from your comment above :, 
   its like 40 bucks, 
  if you consider 50 bucks to be ` like 40 ' , then yes . 
  but i vote we just keep calling it 50 bucks . 
    that 's not a feature you 'd factor into the hardware 's price . 
   why not ? 
  thats literally a feature, 
  i 'm saying it 's not a feature ** you factor into the hardware 's price ** . 
   battery life still well over 60 + hours, 
  one comes with a battery , the other does n't . 
  that 's a hardware difference that explains some of the cost . 
   still much cheaper than joycons, 
  i thought all this time we were arguing about the pro controller . 
  the joycons are actually two controllers , so it 's not really fair to compare it to one steam controller . 
  it should n't be this controversial to denounce those who mindlessly argue these bullshit arguments . 
  do you trust trump to work towards closing the loopholes he himself takes advantage of ? 
   the individual will primarily always be concerned with themselves , it 's up to the government to prioritise the collective good . 
  i 've asked this elsewhere in this thread but i feel like the question is actually more appropriate re : the quoted part . 
  i take your statement to mean that we agree that trump is also someone who is mainly concerned with themselves and will take advantage of tax loopholes if given the chance . 
  having agreed on this , do you think trump can be trusted to close loopholes that he and his associates can make money off of ? 
  and if you do , why ? 
   nintendo may be in trouble and that this is their last breath to try and regain a grasp on the market, 
  they have $ 2.3 billion in cash . 
  so maybe if you buy all switch games , and play them for just the right amounts of hours , maybe you 'll end up being able to hack your save files off of the switch ? 
  what dd did you have ? 
   do n't forget dl-6 !, 
  there 's a chance it will be a weird thing to say in the future as well . 
  just like the vr ship had sailed when the virtual boy did n't turn out to be that great ? 
  except maybe if you can get bigger , brighter , crisper picture in some way, 
  yes . 
  well , that did n't work . 
  +1 for the gold though . 
  i a lawyer ? 
  or i am lawyer ? 
  naw , that would be cheating .
