  wow , never knew these guys worked on a game as well , this got me really interested . 
  been listening to them sometimes ever since endless fantasy was featured in an episode of npr 's all songs considered . 
  edit : this stunt is kinda lame though , what with the band shilling to spread it on 4chan and everything . 
  also , ads on news sites gobble up as little as 18 % of users ' mobile data . 
  way to give the article a useless title . 
  and if anybody figures out what the x axis of that chart is supposed to represent , please let me know . 
  i 'm still not happy about them talking about themselves in third person and acting as if all this stuff was posted by some random guy . 
  ah yes , 3.6 of 8.1 is ads and 1.0 of 3.8 is also ads , that 's helpful , thanks . 
  so for all we know they could 've cherry picked the news sites that have the worst ad to content ratio . 
  i mean , i get it , we do n't like ads , but come on guys , raise your standards a bit . 
  oh so 3.6 mb of 8.1 mb is ads and 1.0 mb of 3.8 mb is also ads , now i * really * feel educated . 
  indeed , i am being intentionally dense , in an attempt to point out how bad this article is , and to express my disappointment that / r/android eats this crap right up just because it has a negative sentiment about ads . 
  actually the first thing i did was point that out , it was one of the first comments on the submission . 
  it 's currently standing at -4 points . 
  i 've been offered a new phone of my choice at work but even that could n't get me to upgrade . 
  i love my ( close to 2 year old ) opo . 
  the keen-eyed will notice that this is actually true for any good phone . 
  yep , i could n't just ignore the existence of this video . 
  yep , i did n't want to ruin the magic , but he was actually down 6-1 , around halftime . 
  clickclickclick.com does , and that 's what really counts . 
  i do n't speak czech but i feel like there 's a pun hidden in this . 
  anybody mind to explain ? 
  ah , thanks !, 
  you can use ` register-10-off ` for another -10 % if this is your first purchase on the site . 
  oooh , i think i have the perfect thing for you : [ maybe ] ( https://github.com/p-e-w/maybe ) !, 
  this nifty little tool intercepts most of the system calls that affect the file system made by whatever command you try to run with it , and instead of executing these calls it just logs them . 
  that 's like saying that the problem with ` rm ` is that people are going to delete the wrong files with it accidentally . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  i 'd assume the justification for using this example is that it would be difficult to showcase all the different types of file system modifications it can detect with just one command . 
  this comment of yours really is worded in quite an infuriating way . 
  furthermore , i think it 's wrong of you to assume that `` but there 's tags ! '', 
  would be read as a joke by everyone , i did n't realize that either . 
  i did some digging and according to [ this report ] ( http://nccur.lib.nccu.edu.tw/bitstream/140.119/37406/8/803008.pdf ) it might actually have a very positive effect on the economy . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm assuming you did n't read what i linked ? 
  it 's a retrospective report on the economical effect of olympic games between 1964-2004 , not just some random forecast on 2024 . 
  the data there actually shows the exact opposite of what you 're stating . 
  if you read the document i linked , it says that actually developing countries were routinely seeing a higher net positive effect than developed ones . 
  hungary is kind of on the edge of developed status so i 'm assuming it 'd be somewhere between the no economic effect observed in developed countries and the positive economic effect for developing ones , i.e. 
  a slight increase in economic activity . 
  ( and of course the economy is only part of the big picture here , let 's stop kidding ourselves . ), 
  by the way , i actually started looking into this because i wanted to find some research that disproves this comment :, 
   the enormous boost it would be you mean ? 
  lol, 
  but i could n't find anything that would do so . 
  can you link me to one of these ` infinity amount of reports ' ? 
  are you serious ? 
   the increase in economic activity attributable to the 1984 games , as represented by job growth , an estimated 5,043 full-time and part-time jobs using our model , appears to have been entirely transitory , however . 
  there is no economic residue that can be identified once the games left town . 
   the best-case scenario for the atlanta games of 1996 is consistent with what we could reasonably expect to find for public investments in general [ ... ] atlanta spent approximately $ 63,000 to create a permanent full - or part-time job . 
  to create a permanent full-time job equivalent , past public works programs have spent approximately the same amount of money, 
   it is estimated that the overall impact [ of the london 2012 olympics ] on the price of properties in host boroughs amounts to # 1.4 billion, 
   we show that hosting a mega-event increases exports . 
  this effect is statistically robust , permanent and large ; trade is over 20 % higher for host countries . 
   we find strong evidence [ the 2002 salt lake city olympics ] increased leisure related industries in the short run and potentially in the long run . 
  however , the results indicate it had no long term impact on trade or total employment . 
   using a small aggregate macroeconometric model we find evidence to support the view that the olympics is an event that could successfully boost the economy of the host city by generating benefits that outweigh the preparation cost [ ... ] the impact effects are quite strong during the preparation phase and the year the games took place , the long-term economic legacy effects appear to be quite modest . 
   there were economic benefits and a more subtle impact on south korean society , national pride , collective memory and sporting culture, 
   [ 2000 sydney ] olympics expenditure not funded by games revenues is modelled as being met by an increase in new south wales state tax revenues ( via a larger revenue base and slightly higher tax rates than would otherwise be the case ) and a substantial diversion of government expenditure from non-olympic to olympic items . 
  simulation results indicate that nsw activity is 0.3 % higher over the 12-year period due to the games , but there is little effect on the other states . 
  none of these suggest that there ever was a negative impact on the economy . 
  we also established that based on the data i linked in my comment , the more developed a country is the lesser the effect is , which is definitely corroborated by these studies . 
  hey , skypicker engineer here . 
  just would like to point out that avoiding us would mean missing out on our [ guarantee ] ( https://us.skypicker.com/content/guarantee ) , so if your trip is made up of connecting ryanair flights , and the first one is delayed causing you to miss your connection , you could n't hold ryanair accountable at all and you 'd be left stranded at the airport . 
  when booking through skypicker you can just give us a call and we 'll do everything we can to get you to your destination with no extra cost for you . 
  and about the extras ; i 'm confident that our cs team can handle requests for extra baggage without any problems , 
  do you guys really do n't see why it could be potentially less favorable for a business to be associated with pornography than gambling and violence ? 
  regardless of cause , vandalizing wikipedia is never okay . 
  you 're just giving the volunteer editors more work . 
  czechia , man , get with the times . 
  what answer are you expecting ? 
  something like, 
   definitely , everyone working in pharma needs to play this game . 
   no , the differences from the real life industry will absolutely ruin it for you . 
  you mean, 
   good with your luck book !, 
  they are sometimes [ hilariously wrong ] ( https://i.imgur.com/wwffifk.jpg ) , too . 
  [ moderat - the fool ] ( https://open.spotify.com/track/3u4kugurkeluhszal24ik3 ), 
  well , the main goal of the program is to conduct a long term study that will hopefully yield some data about the effect of basic income , being the first study to do so to such an extent . 
  thereby it will inevitably affect decisions of policymakers around the world , shaping the future of humanity . 
  i feel like this fits rule # 2 which says, 
   submissions must be future focused, 
  that 's pretty needlessly offensive phrasing . 
  he knew it as well . 
  this exists : https://www.roam.co/, 
  i do n't see how that 's that much different from paying $ 2k a month for access to a bunch of homes around the world . 
  i 'm fairly sure by the way that she will have to declare that upon reentering the uk , and pay uk vat + possibly import tariffs . 
  just my experience with buying stuff from outside the eu in mainland europe . 
  not 100 % sure that this is the case , so i 'd suggest you just look into it . 
  hey there ,, 
  i 'm one of the engineers working at skypicker ; just thought i 'd mention that i really do n't think there 's a reason to include us in the ` scummy/scammy third party booking sites ' category , 
  we do n't sell any of those shady hidden city combinations ( the ones that go against airline rules , as you described . ), 
  our specialty instead is combining flights of airlines that are n't allied with each other , and are therefore officially ` unsupported ' combinations . 
  now , if you were to book these directly on the airlines ' websites , you 'd be risking losing the ticket of your second/third flight segments and getting stranded at your transfer airport if you miss the connection because your first flight is delayed . 
  when you book through us instead , we have a sort of an insurance to protect against this ; you can just call us from the airport and we 'll do everything we can to get you to your destination as soon as possible ( for no extra cost , of course ) . 
  oh , and not having to go through booking 3-6 flights yourself on broken airline websites that try to trick you into paying for extra stuff you do n't need can be pretty useful as well :d, 
  fun fact , discover weekly is actually exactly the same as discover , except for the presentation . 
  it 's using the same data and algorithms . 
  wow , i do n't think i 've ever seen website scrolling as broken as the one on the [ product site ] ( http://get.google.com/spaces/ ) . 
  consider it an early cake day present !,
