i am not amused . 
  at all . 
  what a great feeling to get 10 upvotes per hour on my first shared link . 
  thanks . 
  it 's not a german version . 
  i was just messing around with the blood particles , and it broke . 
  the next update fixed it though . 
  however , if you still would like to use an xbox 360 controller for whatever reason , you can use it by typing a command into the console . 
  you will have to enable the console first in the options , open it with the tilde key ( ~ ) , and type `` exec 360controller '' in there . 
  if you wish to use the keyboard and mouse instead , type `` exec undo360controller '' in the same place . 
  but you would n't have had a dispenser from the engie without the scout bugging him . 
  too bad i ca n't say anything witty here about the team since i 'm not american . 
  yeah , i know , he 's a bit skinnier :p, 
  i did . 
  heard this one before , still laughed . 
  and all this happened in about 4 minutes . 
  i admit it though , i went for him on purpose when he was alive . 
  i got fed up with him so much that i ragequit after this even though i was winning . 
  thanks !, 
  i will try to join him in a game through steam and do this . 
  should i bother to record a demo and upload it ? 
  i guess i can consider myself lucky then that this was the first troll i 've met in 500 hours of non-idling playtime :p, 
  do n't i know you from somewhere ? 
  why do n't you try tf2lobby games ? 
  was n't my comment obvious enough ? 
  should i work some more on my commenting skills ? 
  but what if i fail to do it ? 
  if i fail to tauntkill him , that 's not as embarrassing . 
  not like i should care that much :p, 
  how did you decloak as a soldier ? 
  alright , i will . 
  but he 's not in-game currently and i will have to go soon , so i would appreciate if someone did it for me :p, 
  [ his profile ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008148370 ) , you can join his game here . 
  by the way , have you guys tried moving and resizing the window ? 
  it 's awesome . 
  thanks , i was there too , and can confirm this :p, 
  and i dominated him with scout 3 times in a row too . 
  his least favorite class , muahahaha . 
  you do n't even have to dress for that one . 
  just say you are disguised as yourself . 
  do n't use internet explorer i guess . 
  at least it 's no troller coaster . 
  here you go , and thanks . 
  keep it running for a minute or so . 
  that 's 2 out of 12 . 
  got ta catch 'em all !, 
  where is [ ms. great slave ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_slave_lake ) when we need her ? 
  and then look at the map of hungary : http://adoptions.state.gov/images/adoptions/maps/hungary.gif, 
  almost the same !, 
  ( even the river danube lines up with the water on the wallpaper . ), 
  why , hell yeah !, 
  `` the most wtf gaming video you will see today . '', 
  title of a submission above this one . 
  looks like someone was wrong . 
  to non-hungarians , basically this little conversation was as the tf2 heavy would say : ` not good ! ', 
  ` bad !, 
  ` very bad ! ', 
  just for your information . 
  team fortress 2 is still superior to both franchises . 
  uh ... google translate ? 
  kinda strange sentence you have there . 
  and now for the actual translation : `` i 'm sure translate wo n't be able to translate this . 
  my sentence is way too professional . '', 
  for god 's sake , stop making these jokes d :, 
  every single time we tell others we are from hungary , they start telling these jokes ... `` and are you hungry ? 
  please . 
  it 's not funny the hundredth time . 
  even worse than `` the cake is a lie ! '', 
  whenever someone mentions cake . 
  * please . 
  god dammit not this again :(, 
  i live in budapest too , near the river danube . 
  i think compared to the eu , we are a really poor country . 
  i , myself am living in a single-roomed ( 1.5 story ) house with my parents and sister . 
  politicians are much richer than they they should be though ... 
  it 's true , women are in fact beautiful here :p, 
  if you were to come here on a holiday , do n't worry , it 's safe , provided that you stay either in a large city ( downtown ) , or at lake balaton . 
  just be sure to stay away from the ` legendary ' 8th district of budapest . 
  the best places ? 
  that depends on what you are interested in . 
  the most popular destination is lake balaton , i think almost anyone could enjoy staying there for a few days ( in the summer , of course ) . 
  you should take a tour around the capital , budapest too . 
  other than those , to be honest , i do n't really know what tourists would like . 
  sadly , though , not many of us speak english , i think only around 20 % of hungarians do , or even less . 
  in case you have to , i suggest you to ask younger people , hungarians only recently started to learn foreign languages . 
  once i had to list a few stereotypes strangers have about hungary as homework , and i decided to ask people on omegle . 
  guess what the most popular answer was ... 
  ... on page 1337, 
  ... uh , i thought a stereotype was a popular belief , which * may * or may not be true . 
  well ... 
  i do n't really play any sports , but we sure do have great water polo players . 
  of course i do !, 
  also ... almost everything else . 
  entertaining ones ? 
  none . 
  just the plain old `` gypsy walks up to innocent person , gypsy tells innocent person to give him all his money , gypsy has a knife in his hand , innocent person gives all his money to the gypsy . '', 
  because i currently have a life here . 
  and yes . 
  sorry , no to both questions . 
  well , you might try sending me a pm with the name , but out of 10 million people , i do n't think i would know a certain last name .
