  naturally , i 'm not suggesting that this nullifies your comment at all , i just wanted to point out that the system is n't that forgiving . ), 
  i hereby promise that if i ever make that much money from amazon sales i * will * invite all redditors to a huge steak dinner . 
  really . 
  now , i seriously feel bad because of this . 
  you can just simply delete your amazon.com cookies ( see my comment just above for instructions on how to do this ) and you can freely buy anything you want without me getting a cut . 
  well , that is another date format . 
  in some countries , the day comes before the month when writing dates , and in others it 's the other way around . 
  there 's also an iso standard in place which ( along with a few more countries ) uses yet another date format , in which the year is placed in the front , followed by the month , and only in the end comes the day . 
  okay , but i do n't see how that is relevant . 
  if i , as a hungarian , was reading a local newspaper , and saw an article about this show 's return over in the usa , i 'd expect the date to be written in my local date format , 2012.03.15 . 
  and , even though the most popular country of origin among reddit users is the united states , i am fairly sure the majority of reddit users still are from nations that use the date format the submission title does . 
  seeing that you like games with an emphasis on story , i think you should try the mass effect series . 
  if you have enough patience , try starting with the first part , but if not , i think you should start with the second one - i felt it was easier to get into . 
  i also like , for instance , [ the song from terry cavanagh 's hexagon . 
  ] ( http://dl.dropbox.com/u/2768226/36.mp3 ), 
  i guess then the question here is if this event really is that much more relevant to us citizens . 
  to me , it is , a lot , as i 'm a huge fan of the series and i usually download every episode in hours of it being aired . 
  if there are more people like me than people watching community on nbc live , then , according to your set of rules , or whatever i could call these , the date format actually should be the current one . 
  just by the way , i 'd like to note that in my opinion either format is acceptable , and none is better than the other by a margin large enough to justify arguing about using one or the other . 
  that 's why chuck fans turned to subway for help with getting the series renewed for another season . 
  subway then helped finance the new season in return for more product placement . 
  this subway thingie begun either in season 2 or 3 . 
  by the way , i stopped there as well . 
  it started to suck so much i could n't keep watching it . 
  sad , really . 
  yes !, 
  i am so confused this comment was upvoted only by me and you so far . 
  that affiliate link placement is even lazier and cheaper than mine used to be . 
  edit : oh , and you are n't even a redditor . 
  your witchhunt needs to be at least ... three times bigger than [ mine ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/offbeat/comments/q899e/amazon_sells_an_image_for_129411763022387850_and/ ) . 
  oh , i had this ( i mean , the inverse of this ) as my background for months last year . 
  did n't you have it on deviantart first , though ? 
  and do i remember correctly that it only became an apsci logo accidentally , after your scribbled around kinda randomly for a little while ? 
  i believe i should mention that this submission is an affiliate link - which means that of every amazon purchase that you make in 24 hours of clicking this link , i 'll get a small share of amazon 's revenue . 
  it does n't alter your shopping experience in the slightest , probably this whole story would 've just gone unnoticed if it were n't for this comment , since it really does n't have any negative impact on users . 
  however , if for some reason you wish to delete this cookie in chrome ( i do n't use other browsers so i ca n't help users of those ) the simpler was is to press ` ctrl-shift-delete ` , tell it to delete cookies from the past day , and bam , you are completely clean . 
  this , however will clear all cookies from all sites you got yesterday , so instead , you might want to go to ` wrench -  settings -  advanced settings -  content setttings -  all cookie and site data ` and delete the amazon cookies from there manually . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000lv8ykq/ ) a plain , non-affiliate link for anyone who might prefer this one . 
  huh , that 's what i actually tried to do a few days ago , with this same link !, 
  even though the numbers did n't look quite good ( based on previous trends i would 've had a loss of around 60 % ) i still wanted to give it a try and create one , but sadly , when i tried to pay reddit , it turned out to accept payments from the us only , and since i 'm european i had to delete the ad . 
  sad , really . 
  well , i thought i would do that , but then i checked the terms of services , and it clearly states that they can only accept payments from the us , uk , and canada ( probably for legal reasons ) and i figured contacting them directly would n't change that . 
  i also would 've felt a bit guilty bothering them with a campaign as small as mine ( i planned to spend a total of $ 20 on this . ), 
  well , op seems to be a rep of the morning after , which is the show featured in the video - he might be in direct contact with hulu and can freely ask them to allow watching the video internationally . 
  it was available only in res from around 1 and an half years ago , and available in vanilla reddit half a year ago . 
  it 's in stock on [ amazon ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b003wuvbk8/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=utf8&amp;tag=underyx-20&amp;linkcode=as2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=390957&amp;creativeasin=b003wuvbk8 ) , with free shipping . 
  you have no idea how painful playing super meat boy with a keyboard is . 
  the only way i know of is disabling windows aero , which will make the notification animation become a flashing thingie . 
  of course , this only works on windows , and you probably do n't want to change the windows theme to solve such a minor issue . 
   denial : no , no they have n't sent a invite yet . 
   anger : why did n't they invite me ?!?!? 
   bargaining : please !, 
  i 'll be your slave for a year !, 
   depression : sob * why did they get one but not me ? 
   acceptance : i see ... i will just have to wait, 
  put two spaces at the end of every line . 
  those were schmeconds , not seconds . 
  edit : by the way , that was a reference to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwnsrmcsbcm#t=278s ) . 
  go watch it . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  i have a friend who can get me a job in an austrian hotel this summer , which would net me around $ 1200 for one month 's work , so i think i 've got summer covered . 
  thanks a lot for your advice , though !, 
  oh , $ 300 seems like a lot - i 'll look around if we have anything like this in hungary , thank you for bringing my attention to this !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  we are n't that well off here either , so i 'm prepared to not live a glamorous life . 
  i think i also am quite frugal by default , and i never was a big spender , so i 'm hope to be alright regarding this . 
   do n't get tv , cable tv if you have to , fuck satellite tv and everything about it . 
  contracts are the devil . 
  that is the first thing i thought of . 
  luckily , i never cared much for tv , so i will be absolutely fine with this . 
   furnish your place from craigslist . 
  i got a very nice 5 piece white pine dining set for $ 150 because the guy was desperate , or he stole it . 
   invest in a nice queen sized bed . 
  sealy 's in the 800-1400 range are nice and they last ~ 15 years . 
  do n't get a king , they 're a pain in the ass to move . 
   go cheap , but stay out of section 5 . 
  annoying neighbors are annoying for 500 for rent and 1400 for rent . 
  alrighty , i 'll keep these in mind , thank you !, 
  you can get a nicer place , split bills , and combine furniture . 
  huh , ca n't believe i actually haven1t thought of getting a roommate , somehow i only could imagine myself living alone in a really cheap apartment . 
  that will ease things up a bit . 
   go scope out the place before you commit . 
  smell around your neighbors doors . 
  smelly neighbors are easy to find . 
  haha , okay , i 'll make sure to look around :d, 
   railroads and airports are something to consider , and chemical plants . 
  i 've grown accustomed to trains , i do n't notice them anymore . 
  i think i 'll be fine with them as well , i never had problems with noise , so if that 's the cost of a cheap apartment , i 'm game . 
   i would say that you should try to get at least $ 2500 together - you 're going to need a lot of house stuff . 
  that seems like a reasonable sum to earn in 6 months , thanks for the advice !, 
   find someplace that has rent that is no more than half what you make monthly . 
  alright , i 'll try to keep myself to this rule , makes sense , actually . 
   keep in touch with your little sister and make sure she is okay . 
  i will , and with my parents as well , of course !, 
  it 's not like i have any problem with them , it 's just hard living together in these conditions . 
   i moved out a few years ago and the one thing that stands out the most is the financial aspect . 
  i do n't know how expensive stuff is around you but for me it 's like 500-550 $ / month fixed costs . 
   so i think the most important thing to do before you move out is trying to calculate the cost of living ( rent , electricity , water , heating , food , mobile phone , internet , insurance etc ) and try to get a job that pays for it . 
  if you do n't have a job that does n't cover your monthly costs do n't even bother to move out . . 
  alright , i 'll do some rough estimates in a bit , and see if it 's very off from my initial guesses .
