  or is it going to take months to be put into production ? 
  edit : actually , i just remembered i was going to wait until you have joylent wake up & regular joylent mixed orders , anyway , so it does n't matter that much . 
  aww :(, 
  well , thanks for the heads up , anyway !, 
  if you have pushbullet , yeah , it 'll work like that . 
  this is not really an issue , [ see the comments here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/1rggup/the_way_pauses_currently_work_is_heavily/ ) . 
  yeah , i love s memo !, 
  you have no idea . 
    can i have a ti5 ticket ? 
   i 'll swap it out with `` icefrog give 6.84 pls '', 
  come on , do n't waste so much paper , you could just reuse your current signs to put up techie5 attack na ^ * i * vi k ? 
  and then we might get some fun games to watch . 
  welp , there goes my us visa for ti18 :(, 
  not for the meetup i linked !, 
  can you please tell me your definition of ` gem ' ? 
  finally i get to use this flair !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would this guy want to access ( and then make an effort to retain access to ) his corporate data from a dev device ? 
  no , i did . 
  \\ - position 5 of the short lived professional dota team ` allies ', 
  yeah , they should 've forfeited at the beginning , obviously . 
  as a matter of fact , i do . 
  on my side , i was absurdly hyped about somehow tumbling into a situation where i was being casted by purge with thousands watching live on twitch , i could hardly think straight , and even my hands were shaking a bit . 
  i imagine the others felt similarly , even is on a bit less drastic scale . 
  couple that with the fact that two years ago sniper was considered one of the crappiest heroes , and shrapnel was a skill that went mostly ignored . 
  so the countdown for a pick started , and we started arguing about a bunch of heroes who would 've made a good choice . 
  after going through plenty of heroes and finding a flaw in each of them , we started discussing sniper with not that much time remaining . 
  no one said a word against the pick ; most of us thought , or hoped that shrapnel would n't stack , or a few maybe did n't even remember that shrapnel did tower damage , after all , no one really liked playing sniper . 
  so we picked him . 
  the game is complicated enough as it is , and having to disregard all your previous knowledge about a hundred heroes and 400 skills to imagine how each of those would behave in - wtf mode in different scenarios with a countdown clock staring in your face does not help . 
  perhaps having it coupled with stage fright does n't make it any better , either . 
  now , can you please tell me how you failed to guess the answer that we did n't consider shrapnel ? 
  just to clarify , this team only ever played in this reverse cm - wtf tourney . 
  alright then , sorry . 
  i happened to misinterpret your wording and use of extraneous punctuation , but it 's all good then . 
  i simultaneously see tons of people really aggressively dismissing the phone and proclaiming it dead , saying that the opo is an obviously failed product , and also tons of people who are just crazy about it , and happily announcing that they are buying a opo . 
  the really weird thing is that this former group somehow does n't ever seem to acknowledge the other 's existence . 
  or the sales figures released by oneplus . 
  or anything , really , and yet every single thread about the opo has more people talk negatively about the phone than m9s htc sold . 
  no one gives a fuck , but this post got to # 1 on the / r/android frontpage in 2 hours . 
  the interesting thing is that practically anywhere else ( look at pc vs. consoles , linux vs. mac , even android vs. ios ) what haters usually say is that whatever they hate just sucks . 
  but in this case , for some reason , the oneplus haters instead always just say that everyone hates oneplus . 
  alright , it really was stupid of me to talk in absolutes there , and i did n't really mean that seriously . 
  however , i can say with 100 % certainty that i see a significantly higher ratio of comments saying that everyone hates x to comments only declaring the author 's radical opinions on x when the topic is oneplus instead of practically anything else . 
  no , they are people who like the phone . 
  [ took me 20 seconds to disprove that your experiences are consistent with reality . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/oneplus/comments/32leli/oneplus_support_is_awesome/ ), 
   opo 's invite system is fucking retarded on so many levels, 
  can you describe at least one of these levels you 're thinking of ? 
  you do n't care about other phones so you refuse to believe that other people like another phone ? 
  if you do n't want to comment , great !, 
  if you would just take a quick glance above you would see that i was replying to this comment :, 
   just in time for no one to give a fuck . 
  well that 's pretty irrelevant . 
  what ? 
  when you see a flash flying in ingame you look away from the display ? 
  your post got stuck in the spam filter for almost half a day . 
  i 've only now approved it , so do n't be surprised if you 're suddenly swarmed with questions after 10 hours of silence . 
  millions in workshop item sales ? 
  i 'm very certain that only a really tiny fraction of workshop sales is being refunded . 
  edit : i think you added a link to your source after i opened the page to reply . 
  what you linked is about workshop mods . 
  the [ rest of the workshop is immensely successful ] ( http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/01/30/steam-workshop-57-million-dollars/ ) . 
  see edit in my above comment . 
  alright . 
  what spawned the conversation was the general idea of a company selling someone else 's work ( ` do you get compensated for reddit essentially selling your work ? 
  ' ) , so i did n't see any point in constraining conversation to the worst performing product category on the steam workshop . 
  has anyone in this company even ever seen a chicken ? 
  it 's supposed to be a reference of this https://youtu.be/1tpheh0qgv0?t=14, 
  he might not have memory of that sentence , he might not have seen that episode , he might not have even seen ad other than a few famous scenes . 
  this actually exists with no users : http://10herochallenge.com/, 
  that 's because that picture was made by a fan , posted on the oneplus forums a while ago . 
  if by ` that difficult ' you mean ` difficult enough and low enough priority to only be implemented now ' , then the answer is a clear yes . 
  so far i 've always found the duplicate submission checker to correctly filter out dupe announcement page posts , so i did n't think it would be worth it to manually search . 
  i also just got the announcement email , so i thought it just went online , and i only checked the new queue to see if it has been posted already . 
  i really do n't see the need to be so rude . 
  this is a pretty standard procedure for all software releases . 
  and not as if it being beta software would make people complain any less when something is broken . 
  a good rule of thumb about software engineering questions is : if the world 's most talented engineers at google think that something should work one way , and you have a feeling that it should work the other way , you probably want to just trust that they made the right decision and forget that gut feeling . 
  yay !, 
  do n't worry , / u/lightbringer20 did n't actually sue valve , it was a joke . 
  if i were to send 20 emails a day and wanted to sign my name consisting of 10 letters , typing at 500 cpm , that 's a bit more than 10 minutes of time saved for my company every month . 
  let 's say there 's 10 employees working at $ 20/hr , and you 're suddenly saving 400 bucks of productivity a year just with this simple , tiny feature , enough to buy a pool table for the office . 
  but , dude , pool tables !, 
  huh !, 
  though , does ` protoc ` hook into the installed python package somehow ? 
  or has it always been compiling into python 3 compatible code ? 
  or do i have to find an alpha version of ` protoc ` too ? 
  quick mostly unrelated note : i was in istanbul last summer , and there was practically no free wi-fi in the city . 
  even franchises that provide free internet in my country had their networks locked . 
  silent mode has been renamed to ` priority ' since you can now set certain apps to override silent and still be able to give you notifications . 
  just press the ` priority ' button on the volume control panel and notifications will no longer vibrate unless you go into the settings to add exceptions for specific apps . 
  it does n't stop you from getting the notifications , hence, 
   silent mode has been renamed to ` priority ', 
  and also, 
   notifications will no longer vibrate, 
  in my previous comment . 
   i sense a raymond hettinger fan, 
  what tipped you off ? 
  the link to the raymond hettinger talk ?
