   valve does indeed have the right to do that . 
  and now , please try to read the whole comment why actually trying at least a tiny bit to understand my point . 
  that still is no way to treat people maintaining a supplementary service for your customers . 
  it would n't have hurt valve the tiniest bit to keep the replay system up along with the webapi ( that provides a lot less data in a lot less reliable way than a working replay system would ) . 
  or at the very least , they could 've warned the developer community about the replay system being phased out , especially now that dotabuff just started monetizing their service . 
  what way ? 
  what exactly did they do wrong ? 
  calculating a rating for a player so that they can track their progress in the game ? 
  thing is , dotabuff just started monetizing their service . 
  no one wants to deal with the shitstorm of selling people something and then not being able to deliver . 
  and i do n't understand why valve could n't let the replay system going for just a little while , to allow people to transition to using the webapi . 
  okay , iterate over my comments one more time since you still do n't seem to be understanding my statements . 
  and i 'm not sure you understood what happened on dotabuff either , let me tell you the relevant parts of the story real quick here : private dbr is released , and * then * valve shuts down the source of dotabuff 's content . 
  in what way was private dbr going to negatively impact dota 2 players ? 
  i simply can not comprehend how people on reddit can confuse having the right to do something with being right to do something . 
  i 'll try and bring up a really obvious example to demonstrate the difference : when ubisoft was releasing their games with draconic drm , they had the right to sell their content like that ; it just was n't a good thing to do . 
  here , valve has the right to restrict access to their data , it just is n't a good thing to do , going around andruining someone else 's work . 
  that is all correct . 
  it really is . 
  however , i still ca n't forgive valve for outright destroying the great work done by the developers behind dotabuff ; and most of all , i ca n't forgive all the whiners who pressured valve into taking this step . 
  let me just take a look at the dev forums and see what i find ... 
  an [ official tool released by valve to parse replay information ] ( http://dev.dota2.com/showthread.php?t=32672 ) !, 
  i bet they really did n't want anyone to see what was going on in those replays . 
  also , if you call this a method that 's frowned upon , then so is taking notes yourself every single match you play about the kda of every hero , or their item builds . 
  this was the same thing , only on a larger scale . 
  read my comment again , valve was not being compared to ubisoft , one of valve 's actions was compared to one of ubisoft 's actions . 
  and yes , worrying about a third party doing something worse than dotabuff does is understandable , but with this step taken by valve there was a shitton of collateral damage , which is unforgivable in my eyes . 
  i have n't looked at dev yet , but it ca n't be a lot worse than / r/dota2, 
  this is making me so mad it 's ridiculous . 
  mostly when people with no idea about 80 % of the story and no regard for the fact that dotabuff is made by * people * like themselves who should n't be just fucked over like this start going on about how valve was absolutely right in everything they did . 
  gee , at least you are n't one of these mindless circlejerkers , vi3trice . 
  i 'm trying to have an argument here . 
  what 's your point with this comment ? 
  it really does n't seem like something a reasonable human being would write in reply to logical reasoning , much less so someone who 's ( supposedly ) 24 years old . 
  ### valve pls, 
  ^ ^ the & nbsp ; best & nbsp ; you & nbsp ; can & nbsp ; do & nbsp ; here, 
  so , is your stance that data analysis does n't count as work ? 
  is that why you said this before ? 
   all i can see is dotabuff want some money and our father i think did n't like something like that, 
  you keep writing these comments faster than it could possibly take for you to read through the related discussion ; i 'm starting to feel like you , as many others in the thread , have fell into the fallacy of argumentum ad hominem , by unconditionally and automatically disagreeing with everything i write . 
  and hereby , i 'd like to ask you to stop that . 
  oh , yeah , also , if you want to use this in chrome : press the install button , which will download the script , open your extensions page in chrome ( chrome : / / extensions / ) , and just simply drag the downloaded script onto that page . 
  i know , in fact , i decided to make this after hearing rj complain about the sidebar ; i thought i just would n't wait until something actually happens and make my own userscript real quick . 
  you need to start playing competitive tf2 . 
  just ask around in pub servers if anyone wants to play in a mix or something , make some friends , and stuff . 
  we also use apostrophes . 
  they are n't the same , and symlinking the linux tf2 folder to the windows one is the stupidest idea ever ; do * not * do it . 
  if you really need to save space , you can symlink the gcf files containing models , materials and stuff , which make up around 70 % of tf2 's used disk space , but not the binaries . 
  also , for convenience , you can symlink your maps , cfg and addons folders . 
  anyone know what this sequence of numbers means , flashing for one frame at the end of the video ? 
  reply from the devs to an email of mine about this :, 
   someone finally noticed , huh ? 
   this is not an easy puzzle . 
  it could be used for the upcoming video game , there came an echo . 
  [ here 's the dotabuff link to the match ] ( http://dotabuff.com/matches/141820342 ) -- the ursa player seems to be pretty experienced , so he must have been just having some fun or something . 
  why would that comment suggest that ? 
  not like i connected those two things with anything more than an em dash , which actually signifies the start of a new , but related thought . 
  i kinda assumed everyone looking at the match could do their own ` research ' , which consists of nothing more than a click on the ursa 's name . 
  that wo n't matter at all . 
  google still know exactly how many users google reader has . 
  i actually have n't thought of that yet . 
  thanks !, 
  you 're the awesomest guy ever !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  you probably can use the console to set it as your ingame name , though . 
  [ sponsored by stelseries ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yflb9um.jpg ), 
  no it was n't . 
  source : i was on the opposing team . 
  yeah , it 's fine , we 've had our captain accidentally ban our planned pick in a serious tourney before , we 're used to him fucking the pick phase up :d, 
  we 're out , unless you guys do a quick flashmob in front of cybrogmatt 's house to get us back in . 
  we had this cool little list on heroes to pick :, 
   huskar , drow , viper , lycan , io , clinkz , sniper , meepo , ursa , lone druid , enchantress , kotl , antimage, 
  and yeah , none of us realized shrapnel damages towers . 
  i was just trying to farm the jungle with instaexploding my io spirits when i realized they were already at our tier 3 tower . 
  i know , right ? 
  the other team clearly was cheating anyways . 
  yeah , i 'll watch the replay and time them , see if i find anything conclusive . 
   if we need players we will take the viewers . 
  how is that fair ? 
  will those players just automatically advance from the previous rounds ? 
  not when your whole team is randomized for every match . 
  or you can just run it on your pc . 
  it uses basically no resources . 
  it does n't , really . 
  i 've had 10 people connected to my pc through my subpar connection and i did n't notice any difference . 
  and that difference is what , exactly ? 
  how is hosting a mumble server more of a bandwidth hog than hosting a skype call ? 
  and so was ea . 
  there 's no such thing as ` now commands ' . 
  google now passively shows you data it thinks might be interested to you . 
  maybe you were thinking of voice search ? 
  ... which is exactly the reason fud works . 
   april fools joke, 
  i checked one of those addresses and it was first used on april 14 . 
  yeah , we know that 's public , scott . 
   hahaha we melted your pc and got a bunch of money doing so , we troll u lel, 
  what ? 
  that is the movement speed of the soldier when running . 
  the admins themselves are asking people to enter with multiple accounts to reach 4000 entrants :d, 
  actually , if you 're rounding to three decimal places , it 's 3.142 -- its fifth digit is 5 .
