  * in times of a crisis : he is plenipotentiary authorized to rule by emergency decree . 
  * he can ( and does frequently ) pardon criminals . 
  the picture is about formula 1 , yeah ; the nephew of gerhard berger ( former austrian f1 driver ) is on his way to f1 ( for team manor ) apparently . 
  the big headline above the picture however does n't have anything to do with that , the article it 's referring to is about changes in school administration apparently , but like the other guy said , that newspaper is biased ( mostly right-wing ) . 
  former crown lands are welcome to re-join the empire !, 
  you 're welcome in / r/aeiou , old friend !, 
  forever alone ... : /, 
  / r/aeiou we mainly praise our glorious land ( hence the subredditname ) and sometimes talk shit about everyone else . 
  nope . 
  same here . 
  now it 's just sitting in the bookshelf collecting dust . 
  yes the dog who fancies bread rolls with sliced sausage is an austrian production . 
  or a knee shaped one on ... you know where ... , 
  well ... in the uk . 
  luckily my company has an office in london and does send me there a view times a year and i take that opportunity to buy some bags . 
  :d they really should consider exporting the good stuff , they 'd make a shit-ton of money !, 
  he 's the best neighbour manuel could ask for . 
  that one save was golden , man !, 
  dead or alive ? 
  dead : should be obvious alive : hc strache ( and everyone around him ), 
  yorkshire tea . 
  ouch . 
  feel that burn . 
  you 'd like to see an austrian basement , eh ? 
  a complete waste of money . 
  just stay in brussels . 
  or in english :  article 152  the execution of this law is entrusted to the federal government . 
  australia , new zealand or canada . 
  well boris johnson is the head of it ... 
  without a doubt , germany . 
  like it or not . 
  more obvious in the south and less obvious in the north . 
  austria 's greatest accomplishment : convincing the world beethoven was austrian and hitler was german . 
  the pr guy was a genius . 
  sorry , buddy !, 
   australia oh , i can believe that there 's a whole lot of difference there . 
  umlaut masterrace !, 
  well ... we got a nice landscape , despite not having access to the sea ( any more ) . 
  thank you . 
   also the godfather of computer science was a brit . 
  til i 'm half french . 
  the guy studying the origin of words is called an etymologist . 
  we 're aware of that . 
  you know the german word for the driving licence ? 
  ... and so does austria !, 
  * i like the germans ( and foreigners in general ) * i do n't use austrian german words ( like * j\u00e4nner * for * januar ( y ) * ) * i do n't * gr\u00fc\u00df gott * when greeting someone . 
  `` hallo '' ( hello ) it is . 
  * i only like the mountains in winter . 
  shredding . 
  the uk is n't much into tectonic shifting , therefore they 're not leaving europe , they 're * just * leaving the union ( sad enough ) . 
  questions about the uk are fine and also questions from the uk to the rest of us ( grab a tea and integrate yourself guys :p ) . 
  you mean like belgium did with albert and now philippe ? 
   as a german i think i would move to austria . 
  same vice-versa . 
  actually i moved to germany a while ago , but it does n't feel different at all . 
  before brexit i probably would 've picked the uk , but now i 'm not sure about that ... though scotland seems ok and london ... ireland is pretty beautiful too , it 's also an island , it 's close to england ( but it 's not england :d ) , it has english as a language , ... 
  no need to apologise . 
   i do n't think the thread would show up when searching for it , because the dude who asked deleted it . 
  people who have answered ( like myself ) still can see it ( because the connection is there ) and can of course link it to allow others to read it -- which i did . 
   bloody schulversuch oh , i know these things . 
  we had another one , we did n't get grades in year 1 and 2 -- really we did n't get any grades at all , just some stupid sheets at the end of year 2 , where our `` skills '' were noted with ticks ( you can do that ) or dashes ( you ca n't do that ) ... like : mathematics : can count [ ticked ] can do basic calculation [ ticked ] i have no fucking idea , who the fuck thought that this was a good idea . 
  this question was asked about two weeks ago . 
  quoting my answer from [ there ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4wyk8f/nonbrits_what_variation_of_english_do_you_learn/ ) :  we learned british english , though the vocab part in our books always had both variants written followed by be or ae . 
  our teacher was pretty strict on that , but that may have been because he was a brit . 
  :p but in general , i think , it 's similar to what germans around here already said , you can choose either one , as long as you stick to it ( spelling , pronunciation ) . 
  `` he/she/it das s muss mit '' i first heard it in primary school ( yeah , i had english in primary school :p ) ... and i 'm reading it a lot on twitter ... whenever someone makes this nasty mistake . 
  exactly . 
   it 's amazing how some people ca n't do that in english , but they have no problems with conjugation in german or ( like you said ) in romance languages . 
   some were struggling with things like third person `` s '' until the very end . 
  oh , that 's not limited to the htl ( engineering school ) . 
  i went to business school and my peers were struggling with that too -- quite frankly i think they still are . 
  :p it 's amazing , that they ca n't remember to append the third person s , despite there being a cute mnemotechnic verse for that ( i 'm sure you know it , right ? 
  jeez , germany , we do n't want to go down that road again , do we ? 
  united in diversity , which is also the motto of the eu . 
  the runoff was in favour of him , yeah . 
  a runoff is kind of normal , since it 's relatively unlikely for a candidate to gather at least 50 % of the electorate around him , especially not if there are five candidates running for it . 
  i would n't say the runoff was rigged * as in rigged * ( neither does the constitutional court ) , we 're just to stupid to take our election rules seriously -- like when it comes to opening postal votes ( wrong time and/or wrong place ) or even counting the votes ( it turned out that not everyone was in the room who should 've been ) and stuff like that . 
  the court would n't even have annulled the runoff , if it had n't been as close as it was . 
  we 're voting again on october 2nd , same two candidates as in the first runoff ... just keep an eye on / r/europe or / r/austria ( a little german is necessary , though we do translate , if you ask  ) ... or your local media , i 'm sure they 'll cover it . 
  like in : `` i did n't know what i was getting into , when i ran for this office and i have no idea what i 'm supposed to do '' ? 
  that we need at least three rounds to elect a fucking head of state and also regarding that , that we were about to elect the most far-right person that we have ... 
   stromae - you probably all know him i guess we do , every time i read about him , alors on danse pops into my head . 
  lessons in austria are also 50mins long . 
  our timetable , as i remember it , i finished school in 2012 , therefore austrians who 're in school today may forgive me , if it seems a little off to theirs ( like for example starting time , i know some schools today , which start at 7:45 or 8:15 ) . 
  8:00 - 8:50 8:55 - 9:45 9:50 - 10:30 -- 15 minutes break ( grab a sandwich at the schools buffet or something :p ) -- 10:45 - 11:35 11:40 - 12:30 12:35 - 13:25 -- school ends for the day or alternatively a proper lunch break , if you got lessons after lunch ( usually twice or thrice a week ) -- 14:10 - 15:00 15:00 - 15:50 15:50 - 16:40 16:40 - 17:30 17:30 - 18:20 18:20 - 19:10 the afternoon lessons , did n't have breaks , because those 5 minute breaks really add up . 
  the 11 . and 12 . lesson of the day are seldom used though ( even 9 and 10 are ) , i only had the * pleasure * once , in year 10 , on a friday ( when we got the timetable everyone in class was like : fml . ), 
  10 fucking lessons on a friday ( 6 in the morning and 4 ( 8 , 9 and 11 , 12 ( plus a one hour bus ride through the city to the swimming pool ) ) in the afternoon ) , that said 10 lessons were extraordinarily , the usual is 6-8 . 
  messengerapp ? 
  we yodel from mountain to mountain , dude . 
  jk , whatsapp/telegram , fb-messenger and standard sms ( to communicate with the prehistoric people without a smartphone ) . 
  we learned british english , though the vocab part in our books always had both variants written followed by be or ae . 
  our teacher was pretty strict on that , but that may have been because he was a brit . 
  :p but in general , i think , it 's similar to what germans around here already said , you can choose either one , as long as you stick to it ( spelling , pronunciation ) . 
  older yeah , but not bigger in a matter of size ( population , territory ) , plus austria is n't that big of a deal internationally . 
  not anymore . 
   so in this case , one can talk about the little one . 
  * austria changed their relationship status with germany to it 's complicated . 
  the reason why you do n't is , you simply are n't allowed to expand your territory in southern direction , not because you do n't want bavaria to have any inside friends . 
  that must be the reason why people call us mountain germans ? 
  but be careful , you 're the big one , you 're supposed to be the clever one and you 're supposed to look after your little sibling !,
