  which means it 's theirs for the rest of eternity and they have the right to expel millions ? 
  i ca n't believe someone can actually be this stupid . 
  good job , you cut off a major food supply for your people !, 
  now they 'll have less food and higher prices thanks to you !, 
  the fucking tatars . 
  you know , the natives that were exiled from their homeland and forced into becoming a minority . 
  that 's fucking stupid , considering your government set the crimean tatars out of crimea and replaced them with russians , causing them to be a minority in their own homeland instead of being a majority like they should . 
  it gives them no legitimate claim and thinking that it does is completely moronic . 
  what ? 
  because ireland is doing better than northern ireland , right ? 
  i 'm making fun of the fact that the russian government thinks that them previously owning crimea means it should belong to them , when they took it from the ottoman empire . 
  actually , we need to bring back the neanderthals and give them europe back . 
  then cut all the white people in the world in half , send half of them to africa , and send half of them to europe since they 're mixed with neanderthals and homo sapiens , which came from africa . 
  that 's exactly what i was referencing :p, 
  how about the british and spanish empires ? 
  by that logic , should n't turkey have crimea and lithuania have belarus and most of ukraine ? 
  we already drew a giant penis on mars , why not a giant `` fuck russia '' on the moon ? 
  hey , but any immigration is good !, 
  who else will do the dirty jobs nobody wants ? 
  they 'll make everything cheaper because they wo n't want higher wages . 
  china 's best interest would be to stay neutral . 
  they 'll have to stay neutral in any russia vs west conflicts , because if they side with anyone , the global economy could implode . 
  i feel as if an oppressed russian minority will rebel soon . 
  it looks nice , in a apocalypse kind of way . 
  because ukraine is a terrorist organization , right ? 
  what he had asked for was russians planes running from nato 's jets . 
  they illegally enter one countries airspace , start running from jets , and illegally fly over another countries airspace . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2014/04/23/world/europe/russian-bombers-intercepted/ http://www.wnd.com/2014/04/british-danish-dutch-jets-chase-away-bombers/ http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6981541.stm http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jun/18/nato-jets-scrambled-zombie-aircraft-over-baltics-r/ http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/04/23/raf-typhoon-chases-off-two-russian-surveillance-planes-scotland_n_5199547.html i know that you 'll ignore them , being that they 're not written by russiatoday and are obviously western propaganda against glorious and powerful russia seeing as everything you post is either anti-ukraine or pro-russia . 
  russian planes violate airspace to run from nato jets all the time . 
  i do n't see what 's special about this . 
  they knew it was going on , they just did n't know the scale of it . 
  because it would mean seoul gets bombed to shit . 
  without that , north korea would have been attacked the moment china started backing away from them . 
  nah , just let them commit genocide . 
  it 's not like they were personally hurting the uk before they entered . 
  they should have let them wipe out anyone they felt was inferior . 
  seemed pretty devastated when he had medvedev call obama to whine about them . 
  what do you think he is ? 
  his mother is white and his father is black . 
  can you pull your head out of your own ass for one second and explain to me why comparing an incompetent leader to a monkey is racist just because he 's half black ? 
  does the fact that blacks used to be thought of as inferior mean tat criticizing anything they ever do make you a racist ? 
  which is funny , because their military pretty bad compared to any of the large countries in the western world . 
  let me make this simple for you . 
  making it illegal to say something means you 're taking freedom of speech away . 
  it does n't mean you 're giving freedom of speech . 
  laws say what you can or ca n't say . 
  freedom of speech means you can say anything and everything . 
  saying it 's anything else is completely moronic . 
  the definition of freedom of speech is not up for debate like the definition of the colour orange is not up for debate . 
  there is no way to get around the fact that making it illegal to share your opinion , hateful or not , means you 're taking freedom away from the people . 
  and yet people still say that the ukrainian military are the `` bad guys '' . 
  i hope girkin is executed . 
  freedom of speech is being able to share your opinion without fear of being punished . 
  there 's no way around it . 
  hindering your ability to say something negative towards something because it 's a touchy subject means taking away freedom of speech . 
  freedom of speech is getting arrested for saying you do n't believe something happened ? 
  `` sir , they did n't listen to us and signed anyway . 
  how do we convince them that we are not a threat so they wo n't ratify it ? '', 
  `` lets bomb them and kill their people ! '', 
  who would have thought that being an asshole to everyone would n't work out in your favour ? 
  clone him and have an army of simo , so if invaders step across the borders , thousands will die every second . 
  it can still be counted as an attack on nato . 
  when obama tried to start a war and most people in the us and other countries told him to fuck off . 
  sorry , i misread your post . 
  i thought you said that the rebels probably have no way of shooting it down . 
  have you not read all the posts about this ? 
  the rebels had stolen buk anti-air a few days ago . 
  because it 's a very common route and the plane was flying at a commercial altitude . 
  i tried learning french on duolingo but gave up . 
  i 'll try dutch this time . 
  that has never been a time where she voted against an invasion . 
  she was even in favor of invading syria . 
  it was n't buks that they stole . 
  they took older artillery from ukraine and the buks came from russia . 
  ( i think , do n't quote me on this ), 
  hilary clinton does n't have a very good record when it comes to not intervening or meddling in other countries affairs , you know . 
  `` they were flying to malaysia '' `` there were going to spy on us from malaysia ! '', 
  they bought that anti-air defense from local shops and were self-trained in using it . 
  i would n't have expected vietnam to view us as an ally . 
  you see guys , ukraine is n't actually an orthodox slavic country . 
  they 're actually catholic german nazi atheist far-right fag loving facists . 
  if anyone is dense , it 's you . 
  the government is n't one person or one group . 
  parliament , president , governor , and anything like it are all part of the government . 
  `` a government is the system by which a state or community is governed '', 
  what governments are does n't change from language to language . 
  i do n't think you know what `` government '' means . 
  parliaments are parts of governments . 
  but it 's part of the government and it has nazis , therefore it 's a nazi government . 
  but still , they 're there . 
  it 's obviously a nazi government . 
  but there are nazis in it . 
  it 's obviously full of nazis !, 
  and there are ( or is , not sure how many seats they got ) nazis in the european parliament . 
  is the eu government full of nazis ? 
  but putin said that the ukrainian government is full of literal nazis . 
  would putin even lie ? 
  he killed himself , so that means you want to buy hitler a pint . 
  you monster !, 
  hitler dying was pretty good .
