  hey , what 's wrong with northern california ?!, 
  just get rid of the southern half !, 
  caliph francis . 
  i like the sound of that . 
  rurik would be proud . 
  it 's posts like these that make me happy to live in northern california . 
  hope crimea was worth it . 
  war does that to a country . 
  the bear is suffering from severe mental disability and malnutrition since his father ussr died . 
  democrats or republics , depending on your political views . 
  it 's like choosing between having a cold or terminal cancer . 
  hey , we were also a colony !, 
  where 's the fascism ? 
  i was promised fascism . 
  poland won their war against russia but did n't get the union they wanted , just land . 
  the french , swedish , and polish did pretty good jobs . 
  too bad the russians burned moscow down before the french got there . 
  and the parts not taken by the irish have been taken by the germans . 
  maybe if you lived in a cardboard box . 
  when i think of sf , i think of lots of traffic and insane roads . 
  what is with your obsession with using the word `` patriot '' ? 
  everyone is a cia agent . 
  probably because everyone who 's more liberal than him ends up committing suicide . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little kafir ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the al-baghdadi university of jihad and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on iraqi and syrian villages , and i have over 300 confirmed executions . 
  i am trained in holy warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire isil armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another infidel . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with holy fire the likes of which has never been seen before on allah 's earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of terrorist cells across the world and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the holy rage of allah , unbeliever . 
  the holy fire that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , western dog . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can behead you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed jihad , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the islamic state of iraq and levant holy army and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable soul off the face of allah 's world , you little infidel . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn kafir . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  maybe they 'll be able to get over road medians this time . 
  are you having a stroke ? 
  killing because you 're an extremist who thinks your murder will be rewarded in the afterlife and killing because you 're a self-absorbed asshole who thinks others do n't deserve to live because you want to die are two very different things . 
  i 've noticed that people like this guy right here love to stick on canadian flags and pretending to be diaspora . 
  they wo n't donate it to themselves , either . 
  they 'll use the money to buy broomsticks and cans of black spraypaint . 
  ukraine is ~ ~ half ~ ~ [ mostly steppe ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/79/eurasian_steppe_belt.jpg/1280px-eurasian_steppe_belt.jpg ) . 
  so what you 're saying is that all turks should be sent back to central asia and byzantium should be restored ? 
  `` why ca n't you tolerate our intolerance !? '', 
  not sure about saudis , but i 'm pretty sure the others come here as refugees or are sponsored by family members . 
  the us may be more picky about who is allowed in , but we still take a lot of refugees in . 
  australia . 
  it 's true for mexicans , at least . 
  a lot of mexicans immigrated here to earn money and move back to mexico when they 've made enough to live comfortably back home . 
  one of my neighbors always talked about how he wants to go back home to mexico one day and ended up moving back a year or so ago . 
  oooh , mentally unstable and racist !, 
  are you mentally ill ? 
  one woman wants the university to be a safe place for rape victims . 
  some moronic students make a `` safe place '' for morons who are `` triggered '' by needing to prove their statements . 
  try reading next time . 
  without the nazis , a lot of things would be different . 
  they did contribute a lot to the modern world . 
  i 'm just saying that neo-nazis love to complain about things nazism caused . 
  what ? 
  it 's hard to tell in a word where some people use `` womyn '' seriously . 
  frenchmen , like englishmen , is gender neutral . 
  he has a heavy accent , but at least i could understand a lot of what he was saying without the subtitles . 
  yes . 
  but remember , you 'll be getting all that glorious tex-mex food . 
  it was , but it was barely recognizable . 
  sounded more like gibberish with a few russian words here and there . 
  is this what russians sounds like to people who do n't speak it ? 
  you have to keep all the mexican drug cartel members , though . 
  russian in history is a general term for east slavs . 
  because those countries have freedom of speech and do n't shut down organizations that stay things they do n't like , unlike russia . 
  hitler 's actions also directly resulted in israel , the fall of a lot of european empires , american global dominance , the spread of communism , and the growth of soviet influence . 
  the very things neo-nazis love to complain about . 
  you 're not supposed to point the gun at yourself !, 
  i 'm not convinced that alex jones is n't just a satirist using his skills to advertise his water filter business . 
  why are huge chunks of eastern europe cut out ? 
  if you move to a forest and become a hermit , you can make vodka with your duck friend . 
  translation : `` i do n't know what the hell this means or how the economy works . '', 
  there 's no hiding the shame now . 
  the only way out is to burn your house down , move to a remote forest , become a hermit , and befriend a duck . 
  putin 's opponents are learning !, 
  they 're also cia agents . 
  did n't they say that had a buk after mh17 was shot down ? 
  they bragged about shooting down planes , but they never mentioned a buk . 
  they started saying they captured it after there were accusations of russia giving them one . 
  i do n't know very many poles , but most of them are baptists . 
  i edited my post to be more accurate . 
  `` poles living in america ~ ~ and lithuania ~ ~ hold the most retarded conservative views . '', 
  it 's the seems that way for most slavic people in the us . 
  probably because a lot of them are baptist converts . 
  it seems like a lot of slavs in the us are baptist . 
  we 're going to send people to mildly annoy europeans into submission . 
  they captured them from a russian soldier who was on vacation . 
  i see shooting yourself in the back of the head and stuffing your corpse into a brief case is gaining popularity in ukraine . 
  your first mistake was expecting anything other than complete garbage from that show . 
  you need very expensive military hardware to even be able to shoot at a plane flying that high . 
  it 's pretty safe to assume that you can fly over an area like that and not get shot down .
