  that 's just fact . 
  oh , i know about those for-profit `` schools . '', 
  they 're hardly education and they make it nearly impossible to not get all a 's or b 's . 
  space lizard --  illuminati --  israel --  america --  germany --  eu --  europe . 
  i thought the same thing when i read the title . 
  horse meat is n't illegal . 
  maybe because this is obviously fake ? 
  i remember a while ago , a russian youtube channel posted a video of an `` american special forces '' soldier being captured . 
  apparently , us special forces soldiers are running around alone , able to be taken down by three civilians , and speak with a very heavy russian accent to the point of saying `` uez ceetizen '' when asked where they 're from . 
  edit : [ found the video !, 
  ] ( http://www.military.com/video/operations-and-strategy/military-foreign-forces/us-mercenary-captured-in-ukraine/3480583752001/ ) it 's really damn loud , so turn down your volume . 
  i would move back to the house if i found a way to , to be honest . 
  too bad the only countries i can go to are pretty much universally worse than the us . 
  are armenia , georgia , and azerbaijan not on the european continent ? 
  because some sources say yes , some say no . 
  i 'm going to go tell canada and new zealand that we 're all now european !, 
  we 're the lapdogs of the jews . 
  i guess the germans are also lapdogs of the jews by proxy . 
  germany literally does want to be in the five eyes . 
  i do n't understand why so many armenians do n't seem to understand that ataturk and the young turks were enemies for the most part . 
  hopefully , they 'll do what romania is doing in their fight against corruption . 
  he 's loyal as long as the money keeps flowing . 
  his loyalty ends when the paychecks stop coming in . 
   cecede the eastern provinces except contrary to what some may say , not all of eastern ukraine wants to join russia . 
  donetsk and luhansk , maybe . 
  the rest ? 
  they 're all nice with the exception of the putin one . 
  there 's a very large difference between a union and being annexed . 
  talking to you is like talking to a brick wall . 
  you 're wrong . 
  everyone ( including you ) knows you 're wrong , but you just wo n't admit it because you * really * want to prove your invalid point as proven by the fact you were crying about being downvoted . 
  so until you get your head out of your ass and get an iq with at least double digits , stop replying . 
  i literally said that the only union ukraine has been in was the ussr . 
  ussr = / = russian empire . 
  try reading next time , mate . 
  i hear it makes you much less of a moron . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_union http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_union ukraine and belarus were annexed , they were not in a union . 
  there was no ukraine or belarus , they were regions in russia . 
  i think the only way to deal with this is that if a parent dies , the spouse and children must be buried alive ( or they can be executed beforehand ) with them . 
  a union between two countries is not the same as a union between two objects . 
  unions have to be unions . 
  would you say that there was a union between india and british empire ? 
  or a union between the us and the philippines ? 
  it was n't part of a union , it was imperialized by the russian empire , who attempted to was attempting to russify it and belarus the entire time . 
  the closest it ever got to being in a union before the ussr was when poland attempted to give it equal representation in the commonwealth during the cossack rebellions . 
   rest of the world [ that 's not even remotely true . 
  not even for europe . 
  yeah , save the people being trafficked over to europe , which encourages more of them to come , which results in more accidents . 
  great idea . 
  unless they stop accepting them , there 's nothing they can do . 
  [ why do people still wear this mask ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/btqolaf.jpg ) it 's turned into a joke . 
  you really earned your putinbucks with this essay . 
  damn jews are behind everything !, 
  i 'd bet they 're even behind israel , too !, 
  except for the part where people say they wish the eu took responsibility instead of the us . 
  hint : and ? 
  what does that have anything to do with anything ? 
  the first and only men on the moon were american . 
  the first and only man-made objects to leave the solar system are american . 
  dae means `` does anyone else '' . 
   does anyone else collapse ? 
  is that what you 're trying to say ? 
  the eu : on the same continent the us : on the other side of the planet, 
  if you think liberal americans do n't own guns , you could n't be more wrong . 
  not only are us paratroopers fascist child rapists who eat their victim 's remains , but they can also teleport !, 
  whoever decided to not buy google over at yahoo must be in a lot of shit . 
  now we have our very own spammers and trolls . 
  brings a tear to my eye . 
  the word slave comes from the fact that the byzantines enslaved a ton of the ( at the time ) expanding south slavs who had been invading former byzantine territory . 
  he 's also not really a fan of the ussr . 
  the us also owned it for a little while . 
  so i guess we also have a claim to it . 
  world war falklands when ? 
  people like him still think it 's the cold war and russia is a superpower with a ton of money . 
  every single stereotype of americans is true in at least one region , most stereotypes are accurate for the entire country . 
  the same can be said for any country . 
  i did n't notice that he wrote tartar instead of tatar . 
  what did he misspell ? 
  yeah , those muslims who killed christian passengers were n't bad people at all !, 
  we should let muslims do whatever they want !, 
  just because they murdered people does n't make them bad people who should be sent back to whatever shitholes they crawled out of !, 
  not a troll , just a moron . 
  it was batman from the animated series in the early 90 's . 
  i always love to see your shitposts . 
  photos of dead people are certainly nsfw . 
  not killing political rivals is one . 
  putin is so influential that russia needs to constantly invade its smaller neighbors and act threatening to stay relevant while china is stealth-annexing half of siberia . 
  they have some ethnic oil we should liberate . 
  do n't mind / u/magadget . 
  check his/her post history and you 'll see our friend here suffers from severe mental retardation . 
   that map is n't showing that . 
  [ yes it is . 
  damn patriots and their under-inflated balls !, 
  calvinists ( aka reformed ) are put into `` other christian . '', 
  if it was lumped with protestant , they 'd be larger . 
  i find it hard to believe that the us has more non-religious people than canada . 
  i love how a lot of those pictures are from russia . 
  was n't some of it filmed in scotland , too ? 
  they 're not in the army .
