  alright , why would ukraine ever want transnistria ? 
  it 's a horrible deal . 
  you really did n't . 
  all you said would be that moldova unites with romania and ukraine for some reason gives you it in exchange for you giving transnistria to russia . 
   this assumes the scenario that moldova unites with romania that still does n't explain how romania would get it and why ukraine would give it away . 
  nato wo n't invade ukraine over it . 
  `` it 's all about americans not wanting to pay for the british army that just defended them from the french in the french and indian war '' that 's taught , too . 
  they did n't want to pay taxes they saw as unfair unless they had a say in it . 
  also , there were no `` americans '' yet . 
  the colonists still considered themselves englishmen until a little while into the revolution . 
  thomas paine is the one who turned the movement from the colonists wanting to be viewed as proper english citizens into wanting independence for the american people . 
  french and indian war is part of the seven years war . 
  you do that , i 'll throw some tea into a harbor . 
  how about telling king george to just give the colonists their representation ? 
   ( if it remains as it is in the next years ) why would it not ? 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  the country who 's economy nearly collapsed after annexing a peninsula that went to shit after annexation will annex all of ukraine ? 
  why would ukraine give the budjak to moldova so russia could take transistria ? 
  the russians word for rooster is a slang word for gay . 
  as you probably know , russia is very anti-gay . 
  being called a rooster is an insult in russia , so associating it with the country is seen as offensive . 
  the meme is called the proofster . 
  it 's * obviously * just a coincidence . 
   nobody is ever going to invade russia again because there would be no russia to invade . 
  if russia launches any nuclear bombs , they would be nuked into a wasteland . 
  i like how texas and florida are on there for us . 
  i can understand hawaii , though . 
  no , i mean the resurrected tsar nicholas ii . 
  that 's not true . 
  medvedev was up there once !, 
  the russians word for rooster is a slang word for gay . 
  as you probably know , russia is very anti-gay . 
  being called a rooster is an insult in russia , so associating it with the country is seen as offensive . 
  it 's also called the proofster . 
  also , error 522 is the error that shows up on krautchan ( same website that created polandball ) when it was being ddos 'd by angry russians after the proofter meme was created and was posted by everyone , including the mods . 
  i posted a pretty big album a day ago . 
  [ here it is . 
  was n't russia kicked out of g8 ? 
  the russians word for rooster is a slang word for gay . 
  as you probably know , russia is very anti-gay . 
  being called a rooster is an insult in russia , so associating it with the country is seen as offensive . 
  it 's also called the proofster . 
  [ here 's about 90 of them . 
  feels good living in one of those states . 
  please adopt us , europe . 
  from what i 've seen , it 's mostly the older generation . 
  might be biased since i live in northern california , but i do n't see very many fat young people . 
  it 's just a joke for most of reddit . 
  like the french surrendering . 
  i just noticed imperial is labeled `` standard '' while metric is labeled metric . 
  something is n't right here . 
  southeastern-northcentral-southnorthern-centralwestern europe . 
  there would be no western europe without an eastern europe . 
  that 's where cyprus comes in . 
  even recent migrants from the middle of africa would be irish . 
  ottomans actually controlled a lot of roman land , so they at least have * some * claim to it . 
  russia has absolutely none . 
  you do know they 're used by special forced , not by normal soldiers , right ? 
  ukraine never even had any . 
  only russia and georgia have them . 
  the ussr did n't let soldiers keep their guns . 
  [ yeah , they obviously made the as vals themselves . 
  being negative about an american corporation is n't `` anti-american . '', 
  saying something against the government is also not `` anti-american . '', 
  we 'd have more problems than crying mothers if we lost our sun . 
  hitler wanted the brits to be his ally . 
  he also did n't count on his ally bringing another great power into the war just for the hell of it . 
  then there 's no point in changing leaders since all you do is change the name . 
  if your interpretation of what he said is true , that means a nazi would still take power , start ww2 , start genocide , and everything would go the same way . 
  the new leader 's decisions obviously change something . 
  hitler would have never come to power without ww1 . 
  and paradox games . 
  if i 'm going to annex the entire world as france , i want it to be a pretty world . 
  the swedes wo n't be happy until they 're the only stable nation on earth . 
  it 's the same with the mess over who and what was russian in history since russia was the term for land where the east slavs lived . 
  american evangelists are never happy and they wo n't be until we have a christian version of the is . 
  no it was n't . 
  it was the archbisphopric of salzburg . 
  he 'd still be considered austrian . 
  mozart was 100 % austrian , though . 
  the saying is `` austria 's greatest achievement was convincing that the world that beethoven was austrian and hitler was german . '', 
  the resulting nation could have a lot of * wealth * , too . 
  only if lithuania annexes belarus and latvia . 
  they 'll stage a revolution in the former republic of ireland . 
  we took a british drinking song and made it our national anthem . 
  kazakhstan knows the feeling . 
  we did kind of invade and burn down their capital . 
  they just sat around most of the time fighting off the invasion while the british did most of the offense . 
  because it is . 
  queen maria ii 's flags are the best in my opinion . 
  they 've been doing that for a long time . 
  they 've scarped through the barrel and are scraping the floor the barrel is on . 
  nsa spying on china for bnd ? 
  i know about the first two , but i have n't seen anything about a hindu cult . 
  they 're still bitter about losing the holy roman empire . 
  you can change your opinion . 
  you ca n't change your race . 
  we 've become important enough to get our very own meme !, 
  i know , which is why i also used murder statistics . 
  except my list was based on data from the unodc .
