  ~ ~ everyone will be american when operation manifest de - ~ ~ i 've already said too much . 
  why are you so obsessed with `` patriots '' ? 
  do n't you have some biased and uninformed shit to post to technology subreddits ? 
  singapur ? 
  also , you 're wrong . 
  the safest countries are in this order : liechtenstein , monaco , singapore , japan , iceland , hong kong , kuwait , and french polynesia . 
  you should go to dr. osterreich and get a prescription for some butthurt cream . 
  you really , really need it . 
  magadget is not sarcastic . 
  look at his/her posting history . 
  because they like to pretend they never aligned with the nazis and invaded poland , which lead to the genocide of millions of jewish and slavic poles . 
  so is invading poland with the nazis . 
  their hatred of the ussr , mostly . 
  these units were also mostly formed when the germans calmed their `` all slavs should be killed or enslaved '' views a bit . 
  the nazis had a lot of slavic soldiers . 
  the [ 1st galician ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/14th_waffen_grenadier_division_of_the_ss_%281st_galician%29 ) and the [ russian liberation army ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_liberation_army ) were pretty large . 
  `` the thing is , the russian impact on the european front is often underrated . '', 
  no it is n't . 
  people know how important it was . 
  and some even over rate it sometimes and like to pretend that the soviet union won the war single handely and would have been able to take the japanese down as well . 
  also , russians were n't the only ones fighting on the eastern front . 
  calling it the `` russian impact '' instead of soviet impact is factually incorrect . 
  even if they rode other bikes , biker culture part of american culture . 
  this maymay really needs to die . 
  if life was a paradox game , france would have never lost any war . 
  the allies wanted unconditional surrender . 
  there would be no way they 'd let hitler stay in power . 
  arresting people for their political beliefs is pretty nazi within itself . 
  it 's like saying only siths deal in absolutes . 
  so , what 's their position on nato ? 
  they 're pretty obviously sarcastic , to be honest . 
  i do n't know how he does n't notice . 
  damn those lazy visigoths . 
  there would be war between new york and massachusetts . 
  i was once called racist when someone asked if obama had a middle name and i told them it was hussein . 
  you mean to the crimean khanate , right ? 
  the event had an important politician . 
  the cops were n't normal cops , they were mostly swat . 
  except i 'm not defending any occupation . 
  i 'm saying that the turkish people in cyprus should not be deported just because of their ethnicity . 
  i do n't support northern cyprus being its own state and i think it should be reintegrated into cyprus . 
  the guy who deleted his posts was saying that everyone who is n't greek should be forced to leave cyprus . 
  how should me being ukrainian effect this ? 
  do i have to think that all russians should be deported from ukraine ? 
  the crescent was actually the banner of constantinople . 
  that 's some nice nonsense you have there . 
  which allies ? 
  the ussr and poland were the only one who did this . 
  and the difference is that this is n't the early 1900 's anymore . 
  take your dreams of racial cleansing over to / r/european where you belong . 
  you 'll fit right in there . 
  they could n't even stop the norwegians from taking gotland and relocating it to norway !, 
  so they should instate racial cleansing and force everyone who 's not greek out , or should they only be racist against turks and force them to resettle somewhere else ? 
  how about people who are only half turkish half greek ? 
  should they be forced to leave or are they greek enough to stay ? 
  you do know that turkish people lived there before the invasion , right ? 
  an minority that is completely comfortable being part of another country is a foreign idea in russia . 
  so the turkish population should just leave ? 
  and it exists because the greek junta invaded cyprus and wanted to make it part of greece , which was outlawed . 
  edit : really ? 
  people here agree that everyone who is n't greek should be deported from cyprus ? 
  that 's fucking disgusting . 
  his master race ideology was more based on who 's land he wanted more than anything . 
  if he wanted your land , you were inferior . 
  they 'd just switch and make the other side lose . 
  it 's been switching between europe , north america , and asia . 
  why ca n't another continent get a chance ? 
  i thought we had a monopoly on alcoholic piss . 
  do n't forget to lobotomize them before cooking , though . 
  communism and socialism are n't the same thing . 
  they banned communist symbols just like poland , the baltic countries , and tons of other eastern european nations . 
  calm down , armchair moa . 
  [ you ca n't seriously be this ignorant . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_flag_%28politics%29 ), 
  could be because that they banned communist and fascist symbolism just like a ton of other countries . 
  them too , but i specifically said poland because the us government already promised to do it multiple times . 
  i hope the us will abolish visa requirements for poland . 
  no mention of patriots ? 
  who are you and what have you done to magadget !, 
  we can just split it after we ~ ~ steal ~ ~ legally acquire it from the uk . 
  i never mentioned nato helping in the falklands and my comment is n't about the falklands , it 's about ukraine . 
  no it would not . 
  it would n't even be close . 
  this is n't the cold war and russia is n't the ussr . 
  the uk would be the one wiping the floor with russia 's army of undertrained conscripts and 1960 's technology . 
  the uk is building two and has 40 decommissioned . 
  russia has one right now , is building zero , and has 6 decommissioned . 
  and it 's not like the other 1 % want to be part of argentina , they want independence . 
  the us has as much of a claim to the islands as argentina . 
  but you switched sides twice !, 
  granted , the second time was because you had a new government . 
  my ~ ~ tsar ~ ~ president , albania , belgium , bulgaria , canada , croatia , czech republic , denmark , estonia , france , germany , greece , hungary , iceland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , netherlands , norway , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia , spain , turkey , great britain , usa , australia , new zealand , japan , south korea , and ukraine have joined a military coalition against us !, 
  they will find no safety in mere numbers . 
  except the uk has a modern military , so the only spot those soldiers would be vacationing is in their graves . 
  i was about to feel slightly offended but then i remembered that i 'm from a rural region . 
  so much for getting to berlin . 
  that 's insulting to borscht . 
  russian separatists as in separatists in russia . 
  saying `` chechen separatists '' would make much more sense . 
  tatars are not white .
