  you mean xenophobic , right ? 
  russian is a nationality , not a race . 
  yeah , his company is roshen . 
  the us supported pakistan in multiple of their conflicts , so the ussr supported india . 
  we 're the jews for south america . 
  they 've been close with the ussr/russia ever since the us supported pakistan in the indo-pakistani war in 1971 . 
  because their president has been trying to get further from russia lately ( probably because of how far putin is pushing ukraine ) , but much of their country is still indirectly controlled by russia . 
  belarus is extremely close with russia and is pretty much a puppet . 
  yes . 
  they got tired of being forgotten all the time and left to mars . 
  closest thing i could find to it . 
  costco is superior . 
  that 's a good looking rifle . 
  ww1 was about a string of alliances and nationalism . 
  it was n't caused by serbia . 
  if not for austria and serbia , it would be been something else . 
  jews are nazis , obviously . 
  modern medicine is used by the west to turn us into homosexuals . 
  a true russia can be healed by simply believing in putin . 
  i think a better comparison would be the washington monument . 
  wow . 
  `` murica '' !, 
  nice maymay you got there !, 
  totally adds to what you posted !, 
  and what 's your base for saying it is a racial problem ? 
  it 's about police brutality , not race . 
  saying it 's about race changes nothing and being a brainwashed sheep who believes everything the news says just makes you a fucking moron who 's opinion is worthless in every way and who does n't deserve to be heard . 
  a great example of such an idiot would be you . 
  because it has fucking nothing to do with race . 
  smash it some more . 
  maybe you 'll smash some sense into yourself . 
  wow , john oliver 's opinion is great proof !, 
  it has nothing to do with race . 
  the fact that people are trying to make this into a racial problem is disgusting . 
  it 's almost like you just skimmed through my post and only read the words that stand out to you . 
  it 's almost like we 're talking about the origin of the word slave and not slav . 
  `` slave ( n. ) look up slave at dictionary.com late 13c. , `` person who is the chattel or property of another , '' from old french esclave ( 13c . 
  ) , from medieval latin sclavus `` slave '' ( source also of italian schiavo , french esclave , spanish esclavo ) , originally `` slav '' ( see slav ) ; so used in this secondary sense because of the many slavs sold into slavery by conquering peoples . '', 
  http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=slave do some more research next time . 
  i would n't go around insulting other ethnic groups , considering the word `` slave '' came from the fact that the south slavs were enslaved by every powerful nation that held land there . 
  ukraine grows apcs in their wheat fields . 
  you do n't understand , that was bought from a local shop and the crew is self-trained . 
  we really are . 
  i just ate a baby and will go kick pregnant women in the stomach . 
  he was also probably a catholic german atheist , too . 
  kiev looks really nice . 
  just wish i was n't functionally illiterate in ukrainian so i could visit more often . 
  how do you accidentally spy on someone ? 
  filthy anglos !, 
  germany would never spy on others ( despite wanting to join the five eyes ) !, 
  it says secretly because the german government claims to not know anything about it . 
  not really . 
  russia has almost no allies since all of its `` friends '' depend too much on russia 's enemies . 
  someone , invade sweden . 
  hey , i never said it was built by us !, 
  it 's in a museum . 
  there 's one in seattle , too . 
  the one in seattle was brought from czechoslovakia , but i do n't know if it was from the czech republic or slovakia . 
  there 's one in california . 
  russia 's strategy to keep finland out of nato is to scare them into joining nato . 
  no need to be offended , my german friend . 
  yes , like german sense of humor or hard-working spaniard . 
  they 'll invade every country in the world at the same time . 
  russia invades israel for killing russians and then invades itself for killing russians . 
  lol ... yes ... 
  you seem a little angry . 
  what 's wrong , boris ? 
  did mommy take your photo of putin away ? 
  :( do n't worry , nobody will make fun of you for being the result of mongols raping slavs . 
  it 's alright , as long as you think you 're actually a slav and not a mongol rape baby , it 'll be just fine !, 
  alright , i 'll actually explain it nice and simple this time . 
  russia has no claim to crimea . 
  a majority ethnic russian population means nothing and i never mentioned anything about making the tatars a majority again . 
  all i said was that they 're a minority is because your government forced them out of their homeland . 
  russia is a landgrabbing evil country that made any country is had a large amount of influence over into extremely poor and corrupted nations . 
  russia 's influence has always been negative and they exist only to make the lives of others harder . 
  i was n't joking about telling you to not reply to me . 
  the fact that you dismiss any of my arguments as the `` same sentiment '' just shows me that you 're a complete retard with no arguments of his own and spends his time deflecting the same shit over and over . 
  before coming to the internet , i thought that russians were normal people like everyone else , but now i see that the average russian is a complete and utter moron that 's been brainwashed since youth to believe anything his government tells him and to deny any facts . 
  you 're a complete moron and people like you do no deserve the privilege of using the internet , so i 'm glad that putler is going to restrict your access china 's level so the internet can become an overall better place for all . 
  fuck off and do n't reply to me again until you cease to be a braindead little sheep . 
  i 've told you time and time again that just because you used to own it , does n't mean it 's yours forever , because by that logic , crimea belongs to turkey . 
  do i need to make it any simpler for you or do you finally understand ? 
  it 's like you read none of my posts . 
  talking to you is a waste of time . 
  i did n't actually know , since the only other time someone told me this they linked me to thedailystormer and said that the word slav came from the latin word for slave . 
  you 've been doing nothing but deflecting everything i 've said with bullshit excuses . 
  there is literally no reason to speak with you when talking to you is like talking to a brick wall . 
  i know that . 
  i was making it like `` king of the andals '' from the game of thrones, 
  all slavs are slaves ? 
  sure , that 's exactly what i said and the referendum included everyone , right ? 
  next thing you 'll be calling me a nazi , because i had obviously called for the genocide of russians , correct ? 
  do n't worry , they already did it . 
  there 's a video somewhere , but i ca n't find it . 
  they 're basically saying nato and the eu staged the crisis because the us economy is going to collapse and they need a war to somehow fix it , so they 're being mean to glorious and benevolent russia in hopes of getting them to attack . 
  his holy majesty , lord of the slavs and czar of russia can make anything happen . 
  yes , at the time . 
  but they were all expelled before , which is why they 're a minority . 
  and also , less than 20 % of people actually voted on the referendum , and the results may have been faked .
