  actually , they kind of did . 
  russia , excluding novogorod , was kind of a colony by the rus ( modern belarusians and ukrainians ) . 
  that 's why unlike the belarusians and ukrainians who had names for the rus by region ( like belarus , chernorus , malorus , and so on ) , they just called themselves russian . 
  most of russia was populated by finno-ugrics before the slavs conquered it . 
  he probably has a few extra accounts to downvote people he disagrees with since this is reddit and people tend to hivemind upvote what 's being upvoted and downvote what 's being downvoted . 
  it 's one of the main reasons many subs have hidden scores . 
  i have no idea how someone can defend what happened in odessa . 
  it was a damn tragedy . 
  it 's not like the protesters were russia 's version of protesters who are armed to the teeth with heavy weapons and armor . 
  are you seriously implying that op is racist because he 's posting people who are committing an illegal act just because they 're black ? 
  i 've had the same thing , and russian is n't even my primary language . 
  my family and i speak [ a mix of russian and ukrainian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surzhyk ) ( it 's almost like russian with a ukrainian accent ) , and i was still told i 'm a `` russian in denial '' even though only my grandfather was russian . 
  i 'm not very good at writing in russian and ukrainian anymore . 
  i was young and it was the late 90 's , around 1997 . 
  i 'm from ukraine . 
  i speak english , ukrainian , and russian fluently . 
  the british government should hire me as a diplomat !, 
  african tribes have more melanin in their skin , native americans and asian usually countries get less sun and heat . 
  queen victoria just had to go and ruin everything . 
  exactly !, 
  he also posts on texas related subreddits , so that explains everything . 
  every american knows that soad and the kardashians are armenian . 
  honestly , i have a hard time believing that the average american even knows that albania exists . 
  edit : seems like he 's a texan, 
  ruthenians were not russian . 
  they had a separate language and culture . 
  and no , ruthenian/ruthenia does not mean russian/russia in latin . 
  it means rus in latin . 
  the word russian/russia itself means rus in byzantine greek . 
  yes , i know . 
  i was just talking about it 's origin , not what made it great . 
  i made no mention of anything else . 
  okay , and ? 
  he said it had polish origins and i pointed out that it did n't . 
  look up the definition of the word origin , because it does n't mean what you think it means . 
   from polish origin no . 
  lviv was founded by king daniel of galicia-volhynia/ruthenia and named in honor of his son and future king lev/leo i. 
   there lived a lot of poles this is an understatement , since poles were the majority of the population at this point . 
  poland 's policy of existing and not being annexed by russia led to the war . 
  why did n't poland just stop ? 
  poland occupied territory where ethnic russians may one day live . 
  they were just protecting future ethnic russians from possible polish oppression . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capirote  a capirote is a pointed hat of conical form that is used in spain . 
  i do n't know if this has changed recently , but finland was n't part of spain last time i checked . 
  ca n't forget about the two galicias . 
  what , is claiming rurik 's blood not cool anymore ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/sep/20/richard-dawkins-questions-ahmed-mohamed-motive-backlash http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/ahmed-mohamed-richard-dawkins-criticises-14-year-old-for-pretending-to-invent-clock-10509841.html http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/richard-dawkins-accuses-ahmed-mohamed-of-committing-fraud_55fed260e4b08820d918fe9b, 
  well , you can expect people to pump stuff like this for all the positive pr they can get . 
  if he can make it in space camp , good for him . 
  also , the theory that he wanted to `` troll '' people comes from richard dawkins . 
  that 's why i was asking you what you meant by asking for proof about if he did that . 
  i was n't sure if you 're asking about making the clock or him wanting to freak people about . 
  i think the `` trolling '' part is complete shit . 
  he probably just wanted to make something that looked cool . 
  and therefore that 's what he did ? 
  he did n't actually invent anything and he 's not some sort of genius ? 
  he also said that 's what he did ? 
  and you 're a bit of an idiot ? 
  who 's blinded from obvious fact ? 
  and maybe you should learn how to do some critical thinking ? 
  and maybe stop replying to everything with a question ? 
  because that makes you look like a bit of a moron ? 
  because it looks exactly the same and that 's the only way it could have been done ? 
  what do you think he did ? 
  made all the parts himself and put it all together ? 
  he took the guts out of a clock and put it inside of something else . 
  was n't he a mod on here for a while as well ? 
  i thought he lived in canada ? 
  about which part ? 
  there were gifs and videos of people taking the guts out of a clock and putting them inside of briefcases all over reddit yesterday . 
  ah , so you were under the impression that the [ first article ] ( http://ren.tv/novosti/2015-09-20/posla-ssha-v-rossii-dzhona-f-teffta-otpravili-na-miting-oppozicii-v-marine ) was the original ? 
  you do realize that using the word `` probably '' means they 're trying to say that it 's true , right ? 
  probably is almost exactly the same as saying `` most likely '' . 
  they are trying to say it 's real while not out-right saying it . 
  i 've uploaded them , now i 'm just removing duplicates . 
  it 'll be done in a few minutes . 
  considering the title , the fact that they 're reporting on it , and the rest of the article , it seems pretty obvious that they 're trying to imply that it 's real . 
   `` photos of the diplomat appeared in social networks , however , it is unknown whether the images are real or photoshopped . '' i do n't know about you , but it 's pretty obvious to me you 're trying to imply that it 's not obviously fake ( which it is ) . 
  maybe you should just wait for sputnik or rt to confirm it , though , 
  proofster . 
  i 'm uploading an album of it to imgur right now . 
  edit : here it is http://imgur.com/a/dgwfp, 
  what does not believing your idiocy and [ denial of the obvious ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ljtgmgu.jpg ) have to do with my reading comprehension ? 
  you 're forgetting about the delusional people who moved to hawaii as teenagers and are convinced that hawaii is actually an independent nation being illegally occupied by the us because of one badly worded document they read about online , but never actually bothered to read fully themselves . 
  no , it 's okay if you criticize judaism and christianity . 
  it 's just islam you ca n't criticize . 
  guess you 're right . 
  i have no idea what what made sunnis go so hard against pictures of muhammad . 
  iirc , only sunnis are n't allowed to draw muhammad . 
  the shiites have been drawing him for centuries . 
  there are lots of persian pictures of muhammad and other prophets ( i.e. 
  jesus , moses , and abraham ) . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i remember hearing about taking syrian refugees , but that 's the extent of what i heard . 
  i think there were plans a week or so ago to take some refugees , but i 'm not sure . 
  that 's because he ate it all . 
  well , that explains the ' - burgh ' part . 
  some names just do n't sound as good in english . 
  saint francis is n't a very good name compared to san francisco . 
  this photo has been posted tons of times on that sub .
