  do you not understand that popular opinions are popular because of the fact that most people agree with them ? 
  you know what this means ? 
  it means that it 's very likely that i 'm agreeing with a popular opinion because i hold said popular opinion . 
  and what exactly makes you think i do n't have opinions ? 
  the fact that mine do n't align with yours ? 
  i 've written several times to my representative about this , but they never respond . 
  my letters probably get lost in the mail . 
  can people stop pretending like kinder eggs are specifically banned and are n't just hit by a blanket ban on having inedible objects completely sealed within food ? 
  it 's not like someone sat down and thought `` hey , we need to ban kinder surprise eggs . '', 
  it 's / u/ltburtreynolds . 
  do n't pay attention to him . 
  i think that after the beginning of the refugee crisis and how it played out for them specifically , austria has got a bit of a sour taste from the current situation in the eu . 
  if it was just like vilnius and lviv , it would be czech again . 
  you confuse ` algeria and tunisia ' and ` morocco ' . 
  out of the three `` complaints '' you had , only one is valid in algeria and tunisia . 
  and if that makes you think they 're unsafe , then a huge part of europe should be considered unsafe as well . 
   or when you spoke.out against the royal family ... 
  except , you know , both algeria and tunisia do n't have royal families . 
  and you really need to better research the apostasy laws in those three countries before talking about said laws . 
  there 's still the national emblem . 
  france and the us also do n't have coas . 
  france also has a national emblem like turkey and the us has seals . 
  op is the one who crossposted it . 
  that just makes that person an idiot . 
  there are military bases all over inner australia . 
  the mongols never claimed northern siberia because it was worthless to them , thus it 's not included in stats . 
  since you 're so fond of including land in empires that never actually belonged to them , the british empire is much larger than the mongol empire if you include all of europe , north america , south america , asia , africa , mercury , venus , mars , and kepler-186f . 
  by land , the british empire was still larger than the mongol empire . 
  no , you were n't being sarcastic . 
  if you do n't actually mean it , then you 're just making a stupid statement without believing it . 
  sarcasm is n't the same thing as saying something stupid and not meaning it . 
   you know why ** nobody talks about those empires ? 
  ** you ca n't be serious . . nobody talks about those empires ? 
  i hope you 're kidding . 
  [ you mean like this ? 
  while most westerners disagree with iran on their morals , i do n't think that keeping the sanctions in place will make it any better . 
  iranians have shown that most of them support the way their government acts , and keeping the sanctions on iran wo n't change their mind . 
  what do you mean ? 
  maltese is n't just influenced by arabic , it 's actually part of the arabic branch of semitic languages . 
  if they did that , someone might be offended !, 
   a lot of early christian iconography has christ with a solar halo linking him to sol invictus . 
  i may be wrong , but i think that 's still common in eastern orthodoxy . 
  it 's because nobody really knew/knows when jesus christ was born , so they just thought `` fuck it '' and decided to celebrate his birth on an already existing holiday . 
  most people ( at least at higher ranks ) use the number keys . 
  of course they 're a democracy !, 
  if they were n't a democracy , then why would they be called the * democratic * people 's republic of korea ? 
  the people of north korea just love their leader and think he 's the best option . 
  edit : how stupid does someone have to be to look at my comment and think `` hey , this is a serious post and what this person really believes . 
  i should downvote them '' ? 
  i think they mean political assassinations by eu governments . 
  litvinenko 's assassination took place in the eu , but it was n't by an eu government . 
  they only do n't approve of those things when they 're not the ones doing them . 
  they 're also sold at corner stores , which are everywhere . 
   and personally , i think ww2 is ancient history by now . 
  have you just recently crawled out of a cave or are you conveniently ignoring the fact that they annexed crimea because it used to be theirs in the past ? 
  the tak and the pkk are the same thing . 
   i fully believe the pkk should help and get the tak to immediately stop attacking civilians in such reprehensible manner what makes you think that a terrorist organization like the pkk wants attacks against civilians to stop ? 
  the only thing they would `` help '' the tak with would be killing more civilians . 
  what about the gay jews ? 
  which language is that ? 
  faux russian ? 
  i thought he was a persona in all slavic mythology/folklore at a point but just more popular among east slavic people . 
  i 'm not sure , because i 'm from ukraine and was only exposed to him from the east slavic point of view . 
  it 's been 22 minutes since you replied to him and he has n't deleted it yet . 
  what a mad man . 
  you could n't have a done worse job with your reading comprehension if you tried , considering i said that those are the west 's allies in the region in general , not in the conflict specifically . 
  you should also go and look up the definition of `` arguably , '' as you obviously do n't know what it means . 
  you 're claiming that iraq is closer to russia , which is obviously not true if you actually look at what 's been happening . 
  you also said that the west has no allies in the region , completely ignoring iraq , israel , and arguably jordan and the fsa . 
  and again , people incorrectly and ignorantly claim that the airstrikes are no help . 
  that is 100 % wrong . 
  it must be nice to be able to conveniently ignore data and facts that go you 're claiming that iraq is closer to russia , which is obviously not true if you actually look at what 's been happening . 
  you also said that the west has no allies in the region , completely ignoring iraq , israel , and arguably jordan and the fsa . 
  and again , people incorrectly and ignorantly claim that the airstrikes are no help . 
  that is 100 % wrong . 
  it must be nice to be able to conveniently ignore data and facts that go against your claims . 
  even sputnik acknowledges the fact that iraq , because of the western airstrikes , has been able to regain an extremely large amount of its territory . 
  ( i 'll pm you the link to the sputnik article , as it 's banned on / r/europe ) http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32299602 http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-iduskbn0o908j20150525 your personal opinion on what is against or for iraq 's interests does n't change the fact that it is allied to the west and working with russia to get rid of a mutual foe . 
  it is 100 % true . 
  your evidence is a single article about sharing intelligence on the isis when iraq has been sharing that intelligence with the us without an agreements . 
  they 're sharing intelligence because it 's no use to withhold it when it could be used to destroy their current main enemy . 
  to say iraq is somehow closer to russia and the usa is completely delusional . 
  you would have to ignore everything iraq and the us have done together in recent years and focus on the small amount that 's been done with russia , but that 's not a problem for you as you 've already done that . 
  are you unironically and seriously putting iraq into a `` russia 's allies '' list and completely ignoring the fact that it 's much closer to the us than any of the other countries in your `` axis ? '', 
  it really proved that it 's much better when the ukip got 13 % of the vote , then got 1 seat . 
  in what way , exactly ? 
  that czechslovakia was involved in more proxy wars for the us than for the ussr because czechslovakia was n't actually involved in any proxy wars for the us ? 
  is your point that czechoslovakia was involved in a negative amount of proxy wars for the ussr ? 
  because that 's the only point that would be `` proven '' by what i said . 
  your reasoning is insanely backwards and nonsensical . 
  edit : and no , you ca n't just edit your post after someone already replied , change your point completely , and pretend like you were right all along . 
  either czechslovakia was involved in a negative amount of proxy wars for the ussr or you 're wrong . 
  none of your examples were proxy wars , because the us was directly involved in all three . 
  i do n't think he 'll make it past the alps , though . 
  it 's impossible !, 
  no , not really . 
  i think you 're just a bit overzealous , considering all turkey did was shoot down a russian jet and not beat it in 7 wars . 
  i did n't know that russia recently annexed finland , turned into the soviet union , had a war with the recently resurrected nazi germany , and then made poland into a puppet state . 
  because russia won the overwhelming majority of wars in which they fought the turks . 
  russia won 7 wars , the turks won 2 .
