  did the invasion do more harm than good ? 
  yes . 
  did they successfully invade and accomplish their goals ? 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  they still successfully invaded russia . 
  if someone moves to denmark without being a refugee , do they also get to go to these language courses ? 
  it 's not common around the country , but it 's pretty common in my community since there are a lot of eastern europeans here ( mostly russians and ukrainians ) . 
  jesus christ , who was 100 % wasp and was born in texas , came up with the english language during his time in pennsylvania . 
  i saw a really nice house in southern france that i could probably afford and it made me feel bad for giving up on learning french . 
  we had the kennedy family , but things happened to them . 
  we just say `` the queen '' and `` the royal family '' here . 
  it 's time we made it official and joined the commonwealth . 
  some would argue that putin does n't need to participate in elections either . 
  these cars are incredibly normal . 
  the wikipedia article your posted does n't say you have to be paid . 
  that 's why `` paid shill '' is its own term . 
  what 'd he say ? 
  very good comment . 
  everyone west of russia is polish . 
  `` you guys . '', 
  it was the turks who did that , not the greeks . 
  the way americans pronounce ` r ' is a relic from early modern english . 
  it 's how it used to be pronounced in britain . 
  here 's a pretty interesting video on it . 
  more like gets hit over the head and dragged behind the nearest dumpster . 
  we 'll send you some of our heat if you send us some of your rain . 
  david cameron : water is wet, 
   `` rape is power , gorillas are powerful , gorilla is rape '' sounds reasonable to me . 
  i 'm pretty sure one of my ancestors may have come into contact with someone from ireland at some point , so i 'm pretty much irish . 
  someone did n't bother to read your post and downvoted . 
  others come into the thread and look at your comment without reading . 
  they see you have downvotes and downvote you instantly . 
  in vietnam , the us intervened in a civil war . 
  the first time in iraq , they did it to make iraq leave kuwait . 
  the second time was because saddam was killing his own people . 
  they have to act like his fans or else he stops the funding . 
  http://sputniknews.com/europe/20150301/1018920739.html the crucifixion article was removed , but here 's another gem from your trusted source , mr. shill . 
  it even mentions the crucifixion that never actually happened . 
  sputnik said that ukrainians are crucifying children in eastern ukraine . 
  that destroys their credibility . 
  and i keep calling you a shill because you are a shill . 
  i 'm sorry , but where did i say all russian media is state propaganda ? 
  sputnik does n't hide the fact that it 's statefunded propaganda . 
  i bet you think rt is also unbiased . 
  like i said before . 
  fuck off , you shill . 
  you posted sputnik , which is literally state-funded russian propaganda . 
  i do n't know how i could make this any clearer . 
  and only one sources i posted was from the us and neither were ukrainian . 
  go away , mr. shill . 
  sure thing , friend . 
  that 's why you deny western sources while posting literal state-funded russian propaganda . 
  he does n't get paid well anyway . 
  times are hard on mother russia . 
  [ nice job denying everything that goes against what your boss told you , mr. shill . 
  at least make it believable next time . 
  literally part of what you said is horseshit . 
  nothing you said is true . 
  these are right at the top of google when you search `` russian tanks ukraine '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11506774/separatist-fighter-admits-russian-tanks - troops-decisive-in-eastern-ukraine-battles . html http://europe.newsweek.com/russian-tanks-and-fighters-enter-eastern-ukraine-says-kiev-317809 http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/10/us-ukraine-crisis-congress-hearing-iduskbn0m61ub20150310 and looking your comment instantly disproves that `` you 're not siding with anyone of these conflicts . '', 
  you deserve every downvote you get . 
  almost triple the population and almost ten times the gdp . 
  maybe because people here are tired of others yelling for proof in every thread instead of looking for it themselves ? 
  i tried to learn french but i was too scarred from spanish class in highschool . 
  oh , how i hated spanish . 
  so many words for the same thing in slightly different context !, 
  where 'd you get turks ? 
  they were in central asia when this was happening . . 
  i do n't think they 'll collapse . 
  have a huge change in how their government works ? 
  maybe . 
  but yes , people do overrate and over estimate china . 
  the us was n't a superpower in the 30 's , though . 
  just one of the more powerful world powers . 
  it became a superpower during/after ww2 . 
  the british tried to get us into ww2 because our industry was monstrously large compared to everyone else . 
  central europe , northern ukraine , and southern belarus . 
  those guys were n't even conscripted . 
  they 're friends of the photographer . 
  that is a really nice statue . 
  you think russia cares about what people want ? 
  ukraine made him do it !, 
  hey now , we all know that finland was about to attack russia both times !, 
  russia had to declare war first !, 
  those numbers also include casualties from other parts of the ussr yet russians pretend it was just russians . 
  why is that ? 
  and why the fuck would what happened 70 years ago matter in politics today ? 
  russia deserves all the shit it gets . 
  90 % sure this guy is a low quality troll . 
  lithuania is part of the western world , though . 
  well , it is still being built . 
  railguns and [ laws ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laser_weapon_system ) will be mounted on the roof . 
  should work on lobbying to make the french like nato so there 's no risk of being expelled again . 
  there are so many oppressed minorities there that it 's impossible to count . 
  what is a `` battle hummer '' ? 
  you mean a humvee ? 
  they 're not weapons . 
  they do n't even have guns mounted on them . 
  anyone can buy an m4 . 
  and why is that ?
