  well , rt said it so it must be true . 
  yes they can . 
  they stated that if you abuse the refund system , you will no longer be offered refunds . 
  no , all but estonia were in the base game . 
  but egypt is in the game !, 
  australia , moldova , estonia , and malaysia are also in the game !, 
  they 'd just stop offering refunds to you . 
  of course !, 
  that 's the only place i got to buy pitchforks . 
  nobody else on the planet has such a huge selection of high quality pitchforks . 
  b-but i do n't want to leave my pitchfork . . i just bought it . . 
  i bet the aztec empire was sunni , too . 
  wait , does he really claim that ? 
  alright , thanks . 
  i do n't . 
  can you explain , please ? 
  it 's going to take russia a hell of a lot longer than that to even get into poland . 
  he kind of looks like a squirrel in the shadow . 
  squirrels confirmed for illuminati !, 
  it 's not just human nature , it 's the nature of all pack animals . 
  it happened here in the 1900 's . 
  it was one of the biggest contributors to the rise of suburbs . 
  being violent is a great way to show that you should be allowed into the uk . 
  you 'd still probably build dams . 
  look at all that potential land for windmills in the norwegian trench . 
  he was obviously captured by the nazis there . 
  i personally do n't recognize the word word ` oxter ' . 
  that 's literally not true . 
  i do . 
  second to last on the list . 
  well , for one , it 's srs . 
  sociopath is n't an actual term ? 
  what ? 
  sorry , rejected . 
  you 're turkish instead of an azerbaijani immigrant living in canada who pretends to be turkish . 
  you forgot nato and its allies ( australia , nz , south korea , and japan ) . 
  protestants are the majority in the us and uk , practicing or not . 
  does spain even care about gibraltar anymore ? 
  they 'll still live there , just in greece . 
  i know that . 
  that 's what i was saying . 
  i was n't trying to say they had the same ideologies . 
  i know . 
  the damn pope in my games never call crusades , though ; _ ;, 
  nice , more things i never denied . 
  please show me where i said anything contrary to this . 
  he already is . 
  the / pol / and red pill types worship him . 
  the fact that the french revolutionaries took inspiration from the american revolution is pretty well known . 
  byzantine architecture is better . 
  queen elizabeth can call all the crusades she wants , though . 
  the protestants have better militaries , anyway . 
  calling for the death of an entire race is never justifiable . 
  close , it was actually 13 . 
  and ? 
  if someone made a reference and said `` we need to kill all black people , '' you think they 'd keep their position ? 
  there was a professor who said `` we need to exterminate all white people . '', 
  guess how much trouble he got in ? 
  if you guessed none , you 're right . 
  surely you mean abibases . 
  except that the part that 's extremely overpopulated is n't in the west . 
  and it 's not like population in the west is shrinking . 
  people from thirdworld countries are having more kids and they 're coming to the west . 
  the overpopulation will get worse if the governments feel like they have to import people from the third world because they 'll be just as fertile as they were in their home country but have much lower infant mortality . 
  seems like you 're right about the second one being in chita . 
  it still does n't change the fact that russian military vehicles are n't very good as of late . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tmvbfgnmy8 http://nypost.com/2015/05/07/state-of-the-art-russian-tank-grinds-to-halt-at-victory-day-rehearsal/ your comment history is great proof that the only one who `` propaganda is working well '' on is you . 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about how russia 's armata tank broke down in a parade and an sa-11 catching fire during a parade ,, 
  i wonder if we 'll get to see more military vehicles dying or setting themselves on fire like this year 's parade . 
  most of russia is in asia . 
  the problem is that nothing happened to them . 
  they 're stuck in the 1950 's . 
  that would be a millennium . 
  1,000 years is pretty damn ambiguous . 
  pan-ethnic movements for everyone !, 
  woah , how did tony abbott get in here ? 
  you do know that 's a map from before the migration ? 
  celts mostly died out and the slavs migrated there afterwards from the east . 
  czechs are slavs . 
  he 's like most western communists . 
  he thinks everything negative about the ussr is propaganda and made up . 
  are you really trying to tell people about how life was in their country when you were never even there ? 
  big blue blobbing baguette . 
  [ ''  being super cereal about it '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aivu42a.png ), 
  that one malfunctioning plane that was shot down was a huge loss for nato . 
  i do n't know how it did n't break up after that . 
  [ just build a small curb at the border !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz9zy4gvshq ), 
  sweden is too busy putting signs in the baltic to help this time . 
  they will annex ukraine , lithuania will annex belarus , and they will form a union . 
  let 's just agree that both of us were taught one-sided views of an obviously more complicated string of events in history . 
  most of the colonial elite wanted to stay under british rule and wanted a representative in the parliament . . 
   first and foremost the colonists wanted independence they did n't want independence until pretty late into the movement . 
  like i said before , thomas paine is the one who turned it into an independence movement . 
  his pamphlet `` common sense '' was meant to turn public opinion against staying under british rule , and it worked . 
  edit : what the hell is with all this rage downvoting in this thread ? 
  points constantly going up and down on almost every comment . 
  downvoting is n't for people you disagree with . 
  i guess things like this happen when subs get bigger .
