  it was a separate kingdom until the union . 
  leon did n't form castile . 
  castile and leon were in a personal union , with leon being under castile . 
   having the atlantic and pacific between your mainland really helps with all those latin americans , eh ? 
  seems like people on this sub do n't like sarcasm and are offended by jokes . 
  it was n't . 
  no no no , it 's obviously britain 's fault for not wanting to take people who have shown that they are violent !, 
  he 's saying you should n't trust swedes . 
  ah , alright . 
  i knew they killed for sport , but did n't really now how much they kill . 
  wolves are n't able to eat enough animals for someone to be able to make a worthwhile profit without getting caught . 
  some tea was thrown overboard and a few capitols were burned down . 
  it was a mess . 
  why do people on reddit not understand that the pkk ( a terrorist group and the ones turkey is bombing ) is n't the peshmerga ? 
  not our fault the europeans who left europe got homesick and named everything after where they came from . 
  the scandinavians left scandinavia because it was so cold and dark and decided to settle in one of the coldest and darkest regions in the us . 
  and then the germans came and named everything berlin . 
  unless the wikipedia page is wrong , [ forrest mars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forrest_mars,_sr . ), 
  invented mars bars in slough . 
  i would tell you to move to the australian outback , but there are us military bases there and you 'd probably still get nuked . 
  many influential protestant reformers , including john calvin , were in favor of iconoclasm . 
  we do n't have a nation-wide official language , but most states have english as the official language while the rest have no official language . 
  were n't mars bars invented by a guy from minnesota while he was in britain ? 
  the pkk is a political party and a terror group . 
  you 're thinking of the peshmerga . 
  russians like borscht . 
  who can blame them , though ? 
  it 's delicious . 
  it took me way too long to stop reading the ' \u00df ' as ` b ' even though i knew it was pronounced 's ' . 
  i do n't think you understand how money works . 
  `` cuck '' is a terrible maymay and needs to die asap . 
  i may be wrong , but i do n't think that war casualties are counted in murder rates . 
  sorry , we do n't do that anymore . 
  not after the documentary . . 
  there was nothing along the lines of pro-russians denying that the rebels shot down mh-17 while they were yelling about a ukrainian jet shooting it down or the ukrainian military shooting it down . 
  because the opposition denies obvious and proven fact . 
  `` us and oz are not europe '' how about canada and new zealand ? 
  poroshenko himself was operating the buk as well . 
  ah , alright . 
  it 's probably trying to put meaning behind it when in reality , we just kept the color palette of [ our first flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_union_flag ) , which was probably replaced because it made us look like we were still a colony . 
  france had their revolution and adopted their flag after we did . 
  if anything , those bastards nicked it from us after we nicked it from you . 
  they made the star and crescent a little thinner , though . 
  it was because of the fatimid caliphate , by the way . 
  craigtorso is making a reference to paradox gsg , where the usa is usually light blue . 
  russia is also a really nice shade of dark green . 
  they stopped reading right before the chapters about the islamic invasion of gaul . 
  the philippines would look really nice if they were light blue again ... 
  he 's also a socialist , which makes sense why he 's screaming that turkey is fascist and praising the communist pkk . 
   suspected , suggested , alleged , allegedly , ... there is not a single fact in the article . 
  because she has n't been found guilty of anything yet . 
  you 're supposed to use that kind of language before someone has or has n't been found guilty . 
  the pkk is recognized to be a terrorist organization by all of nato . 
  they 're not innocent civilians . 
  sicily , like the rest of southern italy , is rightfully greek . 
  if i say that americans are all braindead obese retards , the europeans will surely think i 'm really cool !, 
  23 million russians live free from western corruption !, 
  finns , estonians , latvians , and lithuanians all call it by the original name as well . 
  so no , the scandinavians are n't the only ones . 
  so it was the danes who caused ww1 ? 
  i can see why the swedes are suspicious of them !, 
  that can be said for all of europe . 
  the king of the united kingdom was first cousins with emperors of russia and germany . 
  in 2009 , 2.2 million people in belarus were native belarusian speakers . 
  not sure if the number grew . 
  i doubt someone who would do this is very sane in the first place . 
  everything can be offensive if you really try !, 
  i doubt you 'd be able to remember my name if i was mentioned for some reason :p, 
  sometimes i think about being like the transylvanian guy in canada and just putting on the ukrainian flag instead of the american one . 
  find earth 2.0 ? 
  you think i do n't know that bulgarians are slavs ? 
  you really do need to work on your reading comprehension because you seem to have `` understood '' things i never said . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
  i literally never mentioned squatting and have repeatedly said that it 's not that everyone wears them , they 're just more popular than usual . 
  have fun denying facts and being butthurt . 
  cheers , my willfully ignorant friend . 
  so what you 're saying is that because in your very limited personal experience of seeing only one person wearing a tracksuit , slavs do n't wear tracksuits more often than others ? 
  have many slavic countries have you been to and have you ever been outside of the big cities ? 
  because i spent a big portion of my life in rural ukraine and have gone to many different slavic countries , where i saw more people wearing tracksuits in average than in any other country . 
  and you certainly seem very butthurt . 
  there 's no need to be butthurt over the fact that slavic people wear tracksuits more than other people . 
  yes they are . 
  maybe not everyone wears them , but they 're much much more common than in any other country . 
  and i never said anything about squatting . 
  also , epic meme there . 
  where 'd you get it , 9gag ? 
  well , it 's true . 
  tracksuits are extremely popular among slavs . 
  parts of china were colonized by europeans . 
  the basques know the feeling of being isolated . 
  for future reference , the ' 6 ' is the ` b ' of the russian alphabet . 
  the ` b ' in the russian alphabet is the ` v ' . 
  the way i tell the spanish and portuguese apart is that the portuguese sound like slavs speaking spanish . 
  to my knowledge , neither should korea . 
  that makes sense , considering that the chechens fighting for ukraine do n't answer to him and consider him a traitor because of his ties to putin . 
  i mean they spread tea to them , not their word . 
  south slavs , maybe . 
  but the russians spread it to the other east slavs as well as the west slavs ( tea , not the word for tea ) . 
  just annex it and they wo n't have a choice . 
  make it like the good ol' days .
