  they 're a volunteer unit . 
  someone who worked on the oil wells once knew someone who spoke russian as a third language , so it 's justified . 
  i did n't pay attention to the hre after i annexed the northern half and formed germany ( i started as the teutonic order ) . 
  i switched my focus to countries outside the hre . 
  the ai once tried to revoke the privilegia on me . 
  i owned all of poland , russia , scandinavia , and half of the hre . 
  government-funded daycare for children seems like a better solution to me personally . 
  the reason a lot of young families do n't have kids is they have to choose between finishing school/having a career or a child . 
  i think they wanted to ` remove ' about 60 % of them and enslave/germanize the rest . 
  oooo , edgy . 
  i like it . 
  you are n't the sharpest tool in the shed , are you ? 
  satan ( obama ) made them hire that male prostitute and have sex with them !, 
  i 'm not / u/mshotts . 
  edit : people downvoted me for pointing out i 'm not someone else ? 
  really ? 
  he 's angry because he did n't get his share of vodka . 
  it 's not cockwaving as much as it is being annoyed at the rest of nato not meeting the 2 % . 
  i bet / u/welcometoourworld did n't realize he would unravel the universe today . 
  translation : i do n't know what the hell a superpower is and get all my information from / r/worldnews . 
  then there would be only one country . 
  edit : [ i forgot that america already is the only country ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pguxhc4.jpg ), 
  should have let the spaniards annex the ungrateful bastards . 
  this one is more accurate . 
  not pro-argentina as much as anti-uk . 
  you severely overestimate russia . 
  except that nobody in russia is stupid enough to start a nuclear war over a dead leader . 
  no shit . 
  he 's saying that he left it out because he 's far-left and trying to make it seem like ukraine is only targeting leftists . 
  yes , because russia can really go to war with all of the west and not be completely destroyed almost instantly because it 's still the cold war and they 're still the ussr . 
  if you 're going to look at the sheer number of atrocities committed , communism is arguably worse than nazism . 
  he was the emperor of russia , but his title was tsar . 
  ironic that farage is married to a german . 
  it 's common knowledge that the ruler of the russian empire was called the tsar . 
  ask any real russian , ukrainian , or belarusian . 
  they 'll all say that he was the tsar . 
  not the emperor . 
  pretending to be russian does n't make you right . 
  no , not even in russia . 
  he 's literally making it all up . 
  nobody called him emperor . 
  russian monarchs were always the tsar or tsaritsa . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  i 've been to russian and ukrainian schools . 
  history books , russians , people in history , and he himself all called him the tsar . 
  you 're pulling this straight out of your ass . 
  no it was n't . 
  his ( short ) title was tsar nicholas ii , emperor and autocrat of all the russias . 
  it sort of was . 
  iirc , king george refused shelter to the tsar and his family even though his advisers wanted to grand asylum to them . 
  the enemies of romania better avoid sharp sticks . 
  resurrection of vlad iii when ? 
  they 've been doing that for a while in transnistria . 
  did n't they also report that there was cannibalism ? 
  six eyes just does n't sound as catchy . 
  free healthcare , school systems that are n't giant messes , and higher education that does n't put you in a ton of debt . 
  [ thank you , paradox !, 
  they only thing they know how to spam is `` but what about when ( usa/cia/obama / americans ) ( insert something they did ) , huh !? '', 
  because there 's no way to respond to someone as delusional as you . 
  edit : looking at your previous comments makes it obvious you 're not ukrainian like you said ( most likely ethnic russian ) and are very butthurt at the entire country . 
  you serve your name well . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  you do nothing but scream about racism and `` patriots '' all day . 
  or dutch , who are secretly german . 
  i know . 
  i was talking about the ruthenia he was thinking about from ck2 . 
  russian in history means east slav . 
  i explained how russia got its name in a comment above . 
  well , kievan rus was called russia ( which means land of the rus ) back then . 
  russia ( muscovy ) started calling itself that when it conquered a lot of ukraine and belarus , because it was the land of the rus . 
  the name just stuck when the russian empire fell apart . 
  ruthenia was actually going to be a country . 
  `` you want to separate from ukraine ? '', 
  * `` not really . 
  '' * `` are you sure ? '', 
  * `` positive . 
  '' * `` do n't lie to us . 
  we know you want to separate ! '', 
  * `` we really do n't . 
  '' * `` see guys !? 
  they want to separate from ukraine !, 
  ukraine is oppressing this minority again !, 
  we need to help these poor people ! '', 
  good , good ... that means nobody will think about it when the north american empire annexes it . 
  the green , blue , and white flag is the best looking one . 
  needs some cyclists . 
  woah , how 'd you guess my secret identity !, 
  no , i do n't . 
  but calling someone american because they live in the us is pretty stupid . 
  although the way our friend here is using it is obviously trying to be offensive . 
  i think the only people who take offense to being called yanks would be southerners . 
  you 're calling someone a `` yank '' because they live in the us , even though they 're not american ? 
  the only ignorant one here is you . 
  russia funding and working with organizations bent on weakening europe ? 
  who would 've though ? 
  what 's there to dislike about nato ? 
  the suggestion that you spend 2 % of your gdp on defense or the basically free protection if you do n't meet the 2 % ? 
  maybe now that it 's from a dutch source , people can stop trying to deny it . 
  as part of an international effort to track down and punish war criminals . 
  not voting for ukip = brain-washed = ineligible to vote .
