content of the trucks has nothing to do with it . 
  darkness and butter shortages . 
  is that an oppressed russian minority i hear ? 
  california also has a similar economy size to russia . 
  look on the bright side . 
  at least if you go to med school , you wo n't have to take lessons to ruin your handwriting . 
  ukrainians like to put politicians that they do n't like into trashcans and dumpsters . 
  race is a social construct ? 
  seriously ? 
  africans are n't all black . 
  putin 's strategy is simple . 
  in order to keep russia as powerful as possible , he has to attack russia 's neighbors and allies , destroy russia 's economy , make his neighbors feel as if they need to join nato , and alienate the remaining allies . 
  it would only make sense if you were one of those idiots who thinks that all africans are black . 
  and now it 's a norwegian . 
  nato is obviously a nordic plot for world domination . 
  ~ ~ 9/11 was planned by the government , who are all shapeshifting jewish lizards from outerspace sent by the devil . ~ ~ the government , which is 100 % human , had nothing to do with 9/11 . 
  carry on . 
  they might stop making new sanctions , but i highly doubt they 'll start lifting them . 
  minnesota wins again . 
  i think you 're missing the whole ** nato ** bit in his quote . 
  should maybe get your eyes checked . 
  give them a handful of carolina reapers . 
  some pure , unadulterated insanity ? 
  you continue to call me stupid yet you still do n't know the meaning of the word lose . 
  beautiful . 
  lose lo\u035eoz / submit verb 1 . be deprived of or cease to have or retain ( something ) . 
  it says nothing about being forced to give it up . 
  and even though english is my second language , i still seem to have a better understanding of it than you . 
  strange . 
  do you not understand the meaning of `` lose '' or are you being an idiot on purpose ? 
  i know , but he 's obviously talking about the fact that they lost their empire . 
  he 's talking about the uk specifically . 
  you know what they say , third time 's the charm !, 
  they 'd be annihilated by the polish military . 
  they could n't even beat the chechens without mass bombings . 
  quebec wants freedom , but never joined the revolution . 
  bunch of posers !, 
  they were interviewing `` random '' afghan `` farmers '' and `` civilians . '', 
  speaking of rt propaganda , i saw a documentary by them that said that afghanistan wanted russia to annex it and they liked being occupied by russia . 
  also that russians apparently built businesses and farms there . 
  i was n't downvoting anyone until he had done it three times . 
  i do n't usually even downvote anyone . 
  and being an asshole wo n't solve anything . 
  my god , you 're an idiot . 
  i 'm not going to be wasting my time talking to someone as dull as you . 
  i did n't know that everyone one here apparently has no ability to detect sarcasm and thinks that the downvote button meant `` i disagree with your opinion . '', 
  it 's almost like you do n't even know what i 'm saying . 
  yeah , they have a huge issue with muslims in the eu !, 
  constant border disputes . 
  also the whole `` splitting cyprus in half '' thing . 
  the fact that turkey is majority muslim is n't the problem . 
  the problem is that turkey is turning from a secular state to an islamic one . 
  they border the main part of russia . 
  maybe he 's going there for the corn ? 
  hmm , i saw maps with less of it in russia . 
  because they were n't `` the same people '' . 
  they were separate tribes and were united under kiev . 
  and that part about spaniards and italians being the same is also wrong . 
  in the 6th century , the western roman empire had already split . 
  and if you are talking about during the roman empire , they still `` were n't the same people '' because the italians conquered the spaniards . 
  during the 6th century , italy was the kingdom of the ostrogoths and spain was the kingdom of the visigoths . 
  edit : your article says the language was spoke in kievan rus . 
  barely of kievan rus is in modern russia , so all of your points are wrong . 
  that literally makes no sense . 
  kievan rus was a federation of east slavic tribes that was founded by rurik , a varangian . 
  most of its land is part of modern ukraine and belarus . 
  rus was more ukraine and belarus than russia . 
  i 'm now an ethiopian jew . 
  that 's the joke . 
  northern california would be able to join cascadia , though . 
  i think that 's worth it . 
  californians are very underrepresented because of how many people live in one state . 
  if they split , their votes would be worth more . 
  i 'd vote ` no ' for independence from the us but ` yes ' to split southern and northern california . 
  not really . 
  the president of belarus was against the annexation of crimea . 
  he just likes to play it very , very safe . 
  i wonder if ukrainians will like being called lithuanian now . 
  pretty much this . 
  lukashenko is n't a moron . 
  he wo n't let his country be destroyed just because putin wants to spaz out at nato . 
  unless they get bombed to shit on the way there and have to retreat because half of their troops are dead . 
  because i obviously go on / pol / , right ? 
  also , what kind of mentality ? 
  have you not looked at your country ? 
  it 's not normal for leftists to organize into violent mobs and assault people who have different viewpoints in other countries . 
  it 's almost as if i 'm not talking about political parties but the mentality of the people . 
  or for any country that 's not dominated by what would be considered far-left outside of europe . 
  because they 're not . 
  `` where the hell did all these unicorns com-oh shit , is that unicorn raping that dragon ? '', 
  the worst kept secret in the history of secrets . 
  this is why spain refuses to recognize any border disputes and separatists . 
  american jews are still american !, 
  america controls the entire world . 
  how could you not know this ? 
  only if you also eat russian babies, 
  rechner schmetterling reifen eisen , buttern waffeln arbeit macht frei  :( people downvoting me are meanies , so i do n't care what they think  :(, 
  yes , but some people think they 're the same language like the other guy who replied to me . 
  three if you count russian and ukrainian as separate ones . 
  i 'm fluent in german .
