[ i took a picture of where a border nearly was a few months back . 
   anyway , ukip is n't the only anti-eu party in the uk , most are !, 
  the lib-dems are the only pro-eu and they got thrashed last elections for having a pro-eu platform !, 
  i can see why it might look that way to someone who does n't live here , however , it 's not the case . 
  the lib dems did n't get thrashed at the eu elections for being pro-eu , they got thrashed at the last elections because they got when they got voted into government in the last general election ( as a minority partner , with the conservatives as the majority one ) , and they backed out on a lot of their promises they made before the election ( such as the university fees going up , when they promised they would make sure there would be no rise ) . 
  which , as you would expect , made them pretty unpopular , if polls are to believed , they are heading a similar way in the general election . 
  also , i would n't say they are the only pro-eu party , i pretty sure the greens have a pro-eu stance . 
  labour have stayed pretty quiet on the issue , but they are n't anti-eu , i think they said they do n't want a referendum . 
  even the conservatives are n't fully anti-eu , some of them are , but mostly they are n't . 
  the only reason they have promised a referendum is to stop right wing voters voting for ukip instead . 
  tl ; dr : lib dems are unpopular because of broken promises , and are n't the only pro-eu party at all . 
  you forgot about building colleges and theaters so you can the culture up a bit !, 
  i agree , we should just use imperial measurements . 
  we should also learn geography with a map from 1900 . 
  why is that weird ? 
  it was a revolution , not an invasion !, 
  it had local support and everything , the dutch were invited over by the english . 
  * happy ? 
  french killer mosquitoes . 
  even worse . 
  and thus began the canadian-russian map war . 
  i think you will find it is ours, 
  they 're not unarmed exactly , they just do n't have firearms . 
  they have bats and tasers , so they can restrain someone if they need too . 
   on a related note , people of the uk , what is with those people who drive at 40mph in a 60 zone , then straight through a 30 zone at 40mph ? 
  i 'm convinced their car explodes if they go at any other speed . 
  [ here 's mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sz3sph7.png ) hopefully in a few years i will have eastern and northern europe more coloured in . 
  nope , it was pretty popular at my school as well , i was there after jamie oliver told them to make the meals `` healthier '' . 
  but they did n't mention anything about gravy ... 
  i do recall a thread criticising spain , but not the others . 
  but of course , america gets the most criticism , this is reddit after all , do you really expect anything less ? 
  i do n't actually agree with the posters in the thread , of course the usa has a right to comment , we 're one of their biggest allies , of course they do n't want to see the country split up like that . 
  the point that was making was that is the view of the people in that thread . . also , for the most part , it 's just dislike of the government really , not the american citizens . 
  they think that the usa is getting involved in our business when they have no right or need too , and they that they should n't . 
  chances there would be a similar reaction if it was another country . 
  poland obviously has a lot of fog , they get two pictures . 
  also , i must say , spanish , british and french fog are the worst , you can see stuff through it . 
  that 's not proper fog . 
  i had no choice either , i started french at 8 and carried on until i was 14 as well , when we were 12 we were given the option to learn german too . 
  we were n't told we had to take a language at gcse though , so i dropped them both . 
  now , i still know a bit of french , and i have practically forgotten all the german i learnt . 
  congratulations germany !, 
  yes , i 'm in cumbria , we have had a couple of sunny weeks , and it has just started to rain again today . 
  it 's chucking it down with rain right now , but i 'll go out later when it stops . 
  sounds like a cool idea . 
  edit : [ here you go ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cbmhhb9.jpg ) , the weather is pretty grey still , but at least it is n't raining . 
  hope your girlfriend has a great birthday !, 
  exactly , the whole idea of the schengen area is to take borders town in europe , having iscotland join would probably only lead to one going up , so i ca n't see the eu forcing them to join . 
  so , what do norwegian student dorms look like ? 
  are they nicer than the prison ? 
   guy fawkes night was n't just about burning catholics , you know i know , it 's also about bonfires , fireworks , toffee apples and sparklers . 
  i dare say those bits are more important then the catholic burning !, 
  seriously , though , i did n't know it went back to before the gunpowder plot . 
  it seems most things go back to something other than the story we are always told . 
  it 's interesting . 
  me neither , i saw it on / r/subredditoftheday a couple of days ago , it 's pretty cool , i now know why i recognise a lot of usernames , there is pretty big crossover between the subs i read a lot . 
  there is overlap , take [ a look here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditanalysis/comments/27hxic/rparadoxplaza_drilldown_june_2014/ ) and [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditanalysis/comments/28h78p/rpolandball_drilldown_june_2014/ ) . 
  i do n't think it is completely accurate , but is still interesting and gives you an idea . 
  makes a change from it being / r/paradoxplaza . 
  perhaps we 'll beat germany on penalties !, 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ ^ pigs ^ ^ ^ will ^ ^ ^ fly . 
  england is n't independent , so if you got rid of us , we 'd have to take you , wales and northern ireland with us . 
  we have none at all , we have been nice to the whole world for all of history . 
  especially during the colonial era . 
   though this anti-eu sentiment we 're being forced to adopt by the english really annoys us pro-eu folk in scotland . 
  it 's annoying the pro-eu people in england too . 
  which is the majority of us . 
  it 's mostly just a few people with loud voices all over the uk , not just england , with the exception of northern ireland , every region of the uk elected at least one ukip mep . 
  i see all those retired brits in spain delivered !, 
  can always count on ireland to give us those 8 points !, 
  glad it was n't just me , thought there was something wrong with my tv . 
  that 's next year . 
  `` swedish buy politicians '' `` family speaking funny spanish '' `` internet racist anyway '', 
   these notes may be accepted as payment throughout the united kingdom lets be honest , if you are ' t in scotland or the english border counties , you are going to be looked at like you tried to pay with monopoly money . 
  that 's what i got too !, 
  i feel like i 'm letting my country down , i 'm now doing the exact opposite of what i answered in that quiz . 
  wait , is it odd here ? 
  i have shared a bed with my friends before , it 's not my first choice , but if it is between that and sleeping on the floor . 
  that is hilarious !, 
  only hatred of us could manage to bring wales , ireland , scotland , france and italy together like that . 
  [ i prefer this one , personally . 
  it 's a toss up between wiener schnitzel ( is that german or austrian ? 
  i have heard both ) and moussaka from greece . 
  both are absolutely delicious . 
  also , i love spanish tortilla . 
  fantastic , we ca n't make it just us though . 
  now , who else could we have ? 
  oh i know , hey ireland , fancy joining us ? 
  if not , we could just take part of you , perhaps six counties in the north ? 
  no , you have became the ivory coast !, 
  slovenia and slovakia are developing countries apparently ... 
  [ it does , you just have look a bit harder to the find the proof . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20718605 ), 
  admit it . 
  you did that table flip thing just to make that bot come up . 
  prison island ? 
  never been to australia . 
  we side with the germans and austrians when we beat up on you . 
  we side with you when we beat up the germans and austrians , you never noticed ? 
  anything to stop a united europe , of course .
