  our cities are n't widely known for tourism so they do n't really clog up the cities and filter out to areas of the countryside where they really help the economy . 
  there 's the odd issue - i think octoberfest in munich has been pretty much overtaken by tourists from outside bavaria/germany , for example , but by and large we do n't have quite the issues that the spanish costas or eastern european stag cities have with other europeans nor anything with huge pull among the tourists from countries that come in numbers from outside europe ( like rome , athens , paris and london get , where you find yourself unable to get across public transport in the summer without being blocked at least once by a huge tour group ) . 
  oh , we have a great many people who have never seen mountains in europe . 
  there 's a huge tract of flat land that goes right through the centre of europe . 
  but the ocean cuts into the european continent far more than it does north america , so not having seen the ocean is fairly rare in comaprison i 'm sure . 
  i 've always though ( with a german perspective on it ) that it must have sucked a bit to have gone through all the hoops , bribes and crap involved in getting out in the latter half of the 80s only to miss out on all the fun and incentives ( quite a few easterners here made good money from repeatedly claiming ` welcome money ' ) when communism fell a couple of years later with very little bloodshed . 
  of course . 
  a fair few of my neighbours , given i live in one of the most inland parts of the continent . 
  this conversation came up a couple of weeks ago with my nextdoor neighbours , who are in their late 60s a month or two ago when they were going on a boat that goes up and down the rhein and main rivers for a weekend . 
  turned out the lady had never visited the coast , when she was young she lived in the ddr and made the same trips every holiday/youth camp to lake resorts , in the 90s she moved west and became `` too poor to travel far '' , last decade or so she 's become too disabled to walk more than to the trash without aid and says trips to the local lake take enough planning . 
  her husband said he had only ever visited the coast in the military and once as a kid when his dad won some kind of govt sponsored workers incentive holiday to a high class balkan beach resort . 
  maybe they just like to harrass the de plates !, 
  it 's not meant to be an endorsement of ec , it 's just it pisses me off that visa wanted a different number to the pin code for the same card . 
  you definitley get a difference in general reaction to nudity in some places in europe than in others . 
  we have a guy in his sixties that rides around town on a bike wearing nothing but a small shoulder bag , pair of birkenstocks and a hat , including through busy childrens playparks . 
  if he did that in the other countries i 've lived in ( uk/turkey ) he 'd be locked up . 
  police in german speaking and benelux regions tend to be much harder on vehicle control checkpoints than in britain , while in britain police in the inner cities are much more pro active with stop and searching people on foot . 
  so over here low level drug dealers hang out in specific places on foot , in britain they pass round burner phones and deliver in vehicles . 
  my account with visa is in a different currency to my ec so i use it very very rarely ( last time for an online purchase was around a year ago ) and forget the damn number , or where i 've written it down , very easily . 
  install glass walls to bathrooms 2 . see massive increase in number of visits by kinky affair having couples/sugar daddies and sugar babies/hookers and clients that last only 1-2 hours and then the room is vacated . 
  3 . start reselling the same few rooms used for said ` conjugal visits ' several times the same day at the nightly rate 4 . 
  you never have to worry about that shit ` verified by visa ' thing . 
  what did those 6 thieves ( or one thief six times ) do/intend to do with the busses they robbed ? 
  because sometimes it 's fucking cold , like winter . 
  i do n't normally bother either , but if it 's cold enough outside i 'll take that ten seconds rather than the shock of the water and the freeze from tap to towel ... 
  i mean more people coming up to you and speaking english , usually offering help . 
  a favourite trick of the train station bums is to enter the train station and look for tourist staring confusedly at the ticket machines , and offer to help them . 
  they will expect all of your change , or if they think they can get away with it quickly switch your valid ticket with an old unvalid one . 
  also worth noting that the sun is boycotted by an entire city , not many national newspapers can achieve that . 
  they had owen jones before corbyn was ever really spoken of though did n't they ? 
  and most of the rest of the pro corbyn stuff has been by single time columnists in the ` opinion ' column that they like to run around 10 % articles ` against ' their editorial line just to be different though , they 'll even give space to brexiters on that . 
  not sure about in france but in most of the german speaking regions bigger cities it 's pretty much considered official local policy to push the entire cities more grey activities into a small district around the hauptbahnhof , with the general understanding among the criminal class that in this small area they can get away with ` more ' as long as it does n't hurt anyone but the one committing the crime . 
  it seems to work , compared to the places i have lived in the past where you had to be a bit wary walking around at night , in our cities it 's only around the train station district ( and even there there are train security around , and the district is still policed ) . 
  my city ( not on your list , but in between two which are ! ), 
  is reknowned as one of the worst and to be honest , unless you get involved with people you wo n't be affected . 
  you 'll see a few beggars , some getting more aggresive , a couple of organised groups of young guys selling weed , a few people injecting/smoking smack/crack/meth , the odd punter kicked out of a brothel but it 's certainly not proactively violent . 
  just do n't interact with anyone who is n't doing their job ( waiters , train staff etc ) round that area and you 'll be fine . 
  ignore beggars - unless it 's to give them an empty can or bottle with a deposit on ( they 'll understand that 's all they are getting and slink off silently ) and do n't let anyone come up to you to try to help you speaking english , they want money . 
  if you are going to visit the brothels/strip joints be aware that while they are legal , they do have security who are often in or related to organise crime gangs and the police probably are n't going to help you if you get hurt after breaking the rules !, 
  you ca n't really call the guardian left wing anymore , not like the mirror . 
  they themselves switched official support to the lib dems , are heavily anti corbyn and pro eu , they are very much centrist liberals these days . 
  you are correct in that their coverage of ouside londonshire is absolutely fucking shocking though . 
  if you are comparing the belgians in congo , you should find british actions in india in the 1860s very similar indeed , down to numbers killed estimated around the 8-10 million mark . 
  i 'm not making it out to be black or white at all , simply saying that the british empire should be put in exactly the same box as the french and belgians . 
   whilst some atrocities were committed i have no doubt , in comparison it was better than the alternative european colonisers as we treated them as human , and you can see that with the path to citizenship we offered . 
  i 'm not sure what you are comparing that leads you to think britain was significantly better . 
  you mention citizenship , but i do n't see you handing out passports to the people you brutally kicked off the biot only a few decades ago . 
  meanwhile the frenchies on the nearby islands have full french passports and representation in the national assembly and senate . 
   one of the only empires that can hold our head up relatively high for not treating our colonies like utter dirt when others like belgium did so patriotic you do n't realise the bullshit you are spouting . 
  even better than darmstadt is the town just north of it - wixhausen ( cum/wank village ), 
  because idiots keep falling for it . 
  i 've heard frenchmen referring to ` parachuting some cameroonians ' when talking about taking a shit . 
  i think if we can manage frankfurt am main/an der oder we can manage marburg an der lahn/an der drau . 
  i do with the czech/polish ones because their new names are so hard to pronounce . 
  but i can usually manage the french ones . 
  german telly is , by and large , fucking terrible . 
  our news shows are probably the one thing that we do far better than in english speaking countries , and our football shows are very well done . 
  beyond that most of our telly is reality tv ( usually just german versions of what other countries have ) or crime thrillers ( often foreign but dubbed into german ) . 
  so if i was going to recommend 3 shows , i 'd recommend sportshau , tagesschau and das messy team ( a reality show about hoarders that has me staring at the screen in a state of ` fremdsch\u00e4men ' - secondhand embarressment ), 
  nah , british tv and radio has a very strict 9pm watershed which no swearing is allowed , and action is taken against presenters and guests that do so , in the form of fines/sackings or not inviting guests onto the network again . 
  occasionally you get some big shot that can get away with the odd ` bollocks ' because they are either so popular the network needs them or it 's part of their public persona ( gordon ramsey , john lydon spring to mind ) . 
  i ca n't imagine any other european country where [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_195cxavxmg ) would happen outside the english speaking ones . 
  in the states they 'd never have let them do it in the first place . 
  not long after i moved back from living in the uk i turned the radio on at 9am and heard the opening lines of the die \u00e4rzte song ` ist das noch punkrock ? 
  after years listening to only the bbc channels , i was pretty shocked . 
  it 's not just beer ( coke glass bottles have 8 cents , as does caramalz ) but in practice probably 98 % of the bottles are beer bottles , yes . 
  we still use 1s and 2s in germany . 
  if we rounded up there would be absolute fucking chaos caused to our intricate system of bottle deposit , possibly ending in a hobo uprising . 
  i have : germany : 1x2e 1x1e 1x1e 1x20c 1x10c 3x2c france : 1x50c 1x5c spain : 1x1e greece : 1x1e which is probably about as i 'd expect for my region at this time of year . 
  it 's the london embassies of eastern european nations that have brought this to the fore , most of the media does n't really care . 
  i - and many others - giggle when hearing/using the english word slip ( as in a slip of paper ) . 
  in german , it mean panties . 
  the lycamobile ones all over europe are pretty good , and easy to use with the websites having everthing also in english , but i have heard they have had problems in austria with licensing or something . 
  can not rate this place highly enough . 
  basically the best preserved roman city outside of italy , with a massive amphitheatre that 's in good enough condition to hold concerts in ( they have a very varied ` summer season ' with everything from rock to techno to classical ) and just down the road from the impressive pont du gard ( tip : rent a canoe and go under it ) . 
  most of the tourists are repeat visitors who are coming in on day trips during their annual camping/caravanning holiday in the area so not either the sort to make trouble or to be getting in your way photographing everything . 
  if you go in the summer , try and get it to coincide with either the nimes fete or one of the smaller towns nearbys fetes , these usually go on for a week and are lots of fun . 
  drinking massive amounts of schnapps halfway up a mountain then attempting to ski back in the dark must come a close second ? 
  or is that only the russian tourists ? 
  my missis has been to manchester , york , chester , yorkshire dales of that list as well as lincoln , leeds , london that are highly rated . 
  her favourite place in england ? 
  hull . 
  it 's got boats , the best fish and chips , the humber bridge , the deep and about the cheapest pint you 'll find in a british city . 
  it 's m&m world that gets me . 
  i mean , m&m s were an unashamed american copy of smarties , why have the museum in london ? 
  madame tussauds was a decent novelty back in the days before everyone had easy access to photo manipulation , ca n't believe it 's still the draw it is . 
  you see most of your country just driving through it to get to schipol/europoort !, 
  poland and luxembourg are the big two round my area . 
   i 'm from bavaria and i 've never met people like that count yourself lucky . 
  or perhaps consider that you are just so used to it it 's normal , i 'd wager knowing one or two people that ride as adults is unusual in itself for most europeans , and it 's not exactly something that 's considered crazy enough you really think about it . 
  yeah , rural bayern and the parts of hessen south of frankfurt/bawu northwest of stuttgart horse riding is massive , especially compared to the rest of the country . 
  riding competitions and reiterh\u00f6fe ( dictionary say equestrian farms , not sure if i trust ) on the outskirts of every town , fuck we even have a few polo clubs . 
  it has a huge following among a certain sort of people who listen to schlager , drive an suv , worship thomas m\u00fcller and lisa trede , watch dsds/jungle camp , vote cdu/csu ... basically i try to stay away from these people as much as possible . 
  tha ' t a real surprise for lidl and aldi , i 've seen both of their stores in the uk and portugal and they seemed to have a pretty good impression of what sold well in those countries , aldi in the uk even had the union jack fetish figured out . 
  likewise netto in germany do really well at understanding the seasonal obsession . 
  also strange fetishes for leather and horses . 
  yeah behind the scenes it was the anti union stuff and environmental stuff that really broke walmart . 
  i remember it being prety big news when it came to light they tried to forbid employees from sleeping together . 
  walmart . 
  they basically opened thinking they could sell what they liked , as they were american and everybody wants to be american so will buy the stuff .
