   to this date , only a single east german soccer team is present at the national league ( bundesliga ) and they just ascended last year . 
  this is n't right , there 's quite a few eastern teams in the bundesliga , such as union berlin , dynamo dresden . 
  i think you mean in the top division , which has only leipzig . 
  thermomix . 
  it 's some kind of fancy blender that costs over a thousand euros . 
  it 's like veganism for fleischfressers . 
  yeah i lived in the north for many years , every single place i lived apart from student halls either had shit pressure or a power shower . 
  never seen the same problem in hotels though . 
  it ca n't be a legal thing though , b and q sell mixer taps . 
  flicking the vs, 
  british bathrooms are known as being rather backwards . 
  carpeted floors , two seperate taps and water pressures so low that without a dedicated electric shower pump you may as well not bother . 
  one of the ski areas , think it 's glenshee , has macaroni pie to die for . 
  hessen , i forgot it was just used here to the pfalz tbh . 
  our version of donuts is the kreppel , surely ? 
  macaroni pie is the best scottish dish imo . 
  from what i 've heard here in germany , it seems to have shook up a lot of the 16-25 year olds a fair bit , but to be honest most of us remember bush getting two terms , so it has n't really shifted opinion that much . 
  in my state the attitude is that if the us army hq at wiesbaden goes , so must the nsa/cia at griesheim , there 's a bit of worry that trump will pull out of the former but ramp up the latter . 
  i 've read a bit of british media and facebook reaction though , and that seems to be much more tied down the brexit lines . 
  rewe lists lays at 0.57 per 100gs so 1.14 for 200g . 
  funny frisch and lorenz are much more popular brands though and they are listed at 0.68 per 100gs . 
  i 'm trying to think which one he was referring to . 
  mint ? 
  for union that works , but league flows like footy does . 
  if you are under 30 search for ` erasmus accomodation ' , especially in the balkan states . 
  erasmus is a study abroad programme for european students who go for a couple of months to a full year , but most of the accommodation offered online as such is actually pivately owned . 
  these are usually large houses split into multiple apartments and let for 1-12 months by an enterprising landlord who speaks good english . 
  the big draw is that the landlord will often provide a service along with it to help with any documents you need getting , pick you up from the airport , show you how to use the transport system , that kind of thing . 
  they do n't usually like those who are outside of normal university age though , and do n't usually rent to non erasmus students at the start of the semester , until they realise they have beds spare and no influx of students for six months . 
  huge numbers of young germans . 
  there 's a massive market for renting rooms and apartments out for 1-3 months , furnished and all . 
  most german degrees include a three month internship period , so theres lots of people offering their flat/room out for this period and looking to rent for the same period of time in other cities . 
  as such it 's seen as pretty normal and most landlords are perfectly accepting of it , you make the deal with the legal tenant , so they are still paying their monthly rent etc. 
  a lot of the university owned accomodation only allows it if you are a student though ( does n't matter where you are a student though ) . 
  usually in the summer you can get some very cheap deals as there 's loads of students off travelling or going back to their parents for the summer . 
  i only really know much about it because i lived in an english village with a field in the middle for a while , everyone used to use it as a shortcut to walk their kids to school . 
  one day the farmer built a fence covering the entrance , and the police / local council made him remove it . 
  the next week he replaced the fence with large tree trunks , which the police/council could n't do anything about as it was a ` natural obstruction ' . 
  it depends how big your property is and what it covers . 
  basically you ca n't walk through peoples back gardens and stuff , but if a landowner has a large field that is not being used for animals and people have walked through it for hundreds of years , he ca n't turn round and complain when people use it as a shortcut . 
  ` recreational purposes ' also realy means walking and very little else , the landowners can still ban dogs or vehicles . 
  yeah just like that . 
   nuoska : adjective describing snow that has become soft and slightly moist because of warmer weather and that can be used to make snowballs or snowmen skiers call this ` pea soup ' in english , because ski-ing on it is like skiing in pea soup ... 
  we have loads . 
  the two i think would be of the most use in english are ` euch ' , which is the collective you - closest thing in english is the american ` y' all ' and ` feierabend ' - literally the time after work . 
  canada , by a long , long distance . 
  and yes , i 'd learn quebecoise french . 
  or huttese . 
  it 's a satirical investigative journalism magazine . 
  it 's basically one of the few decent bit 's of national media left in the world , let alone britain . 
  i believe they have been when i 've looked . 
  i do usually end up travelling up on the sunday itself for a mondy night ferry ( usually cheapest ) to hull though , so it 's mainly mondays i 've looked . 
  no , but if they get up tomorrow at 6am and start making a racket like last weekend i just might . 
  besides , they are proper children of the ddr , i do n't think they believe in god and heaven , more an end to work . 
  we lived in istanbul for a year in our 20s and my blonde partner says it was a double edged sword , but she never felt unsafe . 
  turkish guys are apparantly ( and i quote her now ) `` not the gropey sort at all , but the starey sort and the clingy sort '' . 
  i assume by the clingy sort she is referring to our friend who made the mistake of kissing a handsome turkish student after a few drinks only to find he called/texted constantly for two months , assuming they were now in a relationship , as what constitutes normal male/female flirting and casual contact in most of western europe is confined to relationships for most turkish youth . 
  but as i said , it 's a double edged sword , my girlfriend could get us both into any club free just by turning up and being a blonde european girl , and if i was n't within eyeshot she could drink for free on a night out . 
  also , her turkish girlfriends told her that every single guy they knew who saw them together would instantly ask if she was single . 
  my grandfather was a low level member of the kpd ( communists ) and went into exile between a year to 18 months after the party was banned , so about mid to late 1934 for him . 
  there 's two or three atlantic wall museums in the rotterdam/den haag area i really want to visit but i 'm always there on a sunday/monday , why do dutch museums do this to me ... 
  i think leeds royal armories rivals the imperial war museum for military history nerds . 
  not my country , but i lived near the military history museum in istanbul , turkey for a while and that was great , and massive , they do n't shy on putting things on display . 
  they even have part of the great chain that was put across the bhosphorous during the siege of constantinople by the byzantines ( the ottomans won by using logs to transport their boats around it overland ) . 
  but my favourite history museum of all of europe is n't totally military related , but partly , and that 's the maritime museum in sevilla , spain . 
  a lot less show offy than the british equivalents , it 's really interactive and filled with facts at the same time , and some brilliant cartoons to explain the conquering of the americas , it 's basically the only history museum i have seen that has managed to bring humour to learning about history and pulled it off , you remember the stories more than the visuals of the exhibits . 
  in my country the best military history museum is for sure technisches museum u 995 near kiel . 
  also recommended is fulda gap between hessen and fulda . 
  that 's the point were soviet tanks were expected to attack western europe , and today there is a museum there and a section of the old border a km or so is kept intact and maintained . 
  the easiest and quickest monument for an american to visit in germany though , is the berlin airlift memorial . 
  it 's basically on the outskirts of frankfurt airport ( where most of the flights from us airports arrive ) , and is one stop away by bus or 5 minute drive along one of the most interesting stretchs of highway in the world ( 4 lanes unlimited speed with planes coming into land right above your head ! ) . 
  only two of the original planes and a propaganda sized version of a section of wall but well worth a 30 minute visitas there 's an airport observation deck and bridge over said highway right next to it . 
  i 've had this before at hull docks . 
  guy asked where i was going and i said scunthorpe . 
  he said something along the lines of ' i wo n't bother asking if it 's business or pleasure ' !, 
  they save money at british ports already by having the french do all the hard work on their side . 
   but generally they [ spain ] send in their police boats into british waters rather than mess with the borders is n't that because they have found some old documentation which says that britain only owns the water inside the harbour and dispute any british claim to the waters or something like that ? 
  sure i read about that not so long back . 
  apparantly , yes , but i 'm certainly not going to complain and i 'm not even sure if he did violate the law !, 
  went through manchester airport once and used biometric , which was n't busy , and left my passport on the damn scanner . 
  realised about five minutes later and managed to retrace my steps back to the machine . 
  spoke to the nearest border guard and he disappeared for 30 seconds and reappeared with my passport , telling me they were supposed to cut the corners of any passport they found of which the person was not within sight , or words to that effect , therefore invalidating it . 
  but that they were nice and gave buffoons like me half an hour or so to return . 
  i was a grateful buffoon . 
  edit : i 've just remembered a thread a year or so ago on this very site , there was a guy pre 9/11 who had been on holiday and left his passport in the departing airport/aeroplane , turned up at uk passport control looking sheepish and the border guard simply told him that the copy of private eye he had in his hand was good enough evidence he was a british citizen by him !, 
  we get a tonne of brits on business trips that stretch them out to include a weekend in the city , plus football tourists and christmas market visitors , they are all nice as pie . 
  they actually stand out at the christmas market as they are one of the few groups of visitors that have a very good attitude to personal space in busy places . 
  by contrast some of what i have seen in berlin , mainly with young rich kids , tops even what german young rich kids get up to in london . 
  australia does n't want open access for the uk either . 
  it 's currently a massive destination for brits looking to leave the uk and can , along with canada , pretty much choose from their pick of the crop . 
  on the other hand aussies the uk is a far less attractive proposition for aussie immigrants . 
  you can see this in the two countries working holiday visa agreements for young people , the aussies get a far better ` deal ' - 2 years in the uk rather than the brits 1 year in aus , as many people use these a a stepping stone to full immigration . 
   we excel in the sports that they have invented . 
  except the only one of those the rest of us care about is football and you 're a ) crap at that and b ) have decided you are asian in football and c ) do n't even call it football . 
  either go learn to play handball and basketball as your ` lesser ' sports or go join china/america . 
  [ heres ] ( https://img1.etsystatic.com/115/0/11625204/il_fullxfull.1002739229_illk.jpg ) our current standard weapon . 
  except for all our over 50s going up north to go to a kur, 
  berlin seems to be a bit of a magnet for british twats . 
  any other city in germany the british visitors are usually among the better ones , well up for beer and football . 
  ours are pretty good .
