my perception is that culturally we attach a lot of importance to the lyrics of he song , this being a major factor that makes us judge a song as good or bad . 
  thus , from the moment that foreigners do not understand the lyrics , they wo n't be impressed . 
  to top it off , our portuguese is not very melodic ( compared to the portuguese of brazil , for example ) . 
  two examples : [ portuguese students sing fado as a goodbye to their university ] ( https://youtu.be/x6z5cxi9d7w ) [ mariza ] ( https://youtu.be/x6z5cxi9d7w ), 
  portugal , spain , italy and france are very similar in this regard . 
  i recently went to a small town in spain called chinchilla de montearag\u00f3n near albacete and it 's exactly like your najac picture . 
  world cup final 1966 https://youtu.be/0uhe_l1h3w8 it 's been 50 years and the germas still ( rightfully ) complain about it . 
  a depressed country makes way for a country in delirium . 
  makes way for a thankful country . 
  thankful to 23 heroes , that defended their national colours in a sporting event , a mere football event , that for a month , made a country dream . 
  these 23 have finally given us this great joy that we 've been waiting for years and years . 
  tomorrow there 's no rent to pay , bosses to obey or traffic on the road . 
  this country , so many times mistreated , deserves this joy . 
  it deserves to have its wounds healed . 
  eus\u00e9bio 's tears , chalana 's disapointment , ronaldo 's cry ... all of them are now faraway memories , they 're an appetiser for the ecstasy that was minute 122 . 
  portuguese through the world celebrated , even the skepticals surrendered to this group , to this force . 
  all of us united . 
  from different races , different beliefs , different clubs , united around this team . 
  a true team , a group , an idea . 
  thank you to all . 
  thank you patr\u00edcio , for your hands made of iron and for your calm in the middle of the storm . 
  thank you pepe , for fighting for a country you were n't even born in like your own life was on the line , thank you cristiano , not for your goals but for being a captain , thank you renato , for your strenght and confidence , thank you \u00c9der , for never giving up , for believing in the impossible , thank you for being the hero . 
  and thank you fernando , the engineer , for your realistic optimism . 
  thank you for recruting the ` old ' when everyone asked for the ` young ' . 
  thank you for picking fonte . 
  thank you for not crumbling before the critics , the insinuations , the pressures , the mocking , thank you for being who you are , aware of what you can do , and aware of how far you can go . 
  thank you for this joy . 
  the joy of today that will stay forever . 
  portugal are champions of europe . 
  yes . 
  this is their first time in a big tournament . 
  edit : i take it back, 
  nobody minds the invading other countries , the raping and killing that happened ? 
  our anthem is only good if you sing it with the emotion that is present in the words . 
  if you sing it like you 're at a funeral , then it becomes a snorefest . 
  it 's very good though , always makes an incredible ammount of noise in stadiums and it pushes our sports teams forward . 
  portuguese has \u00e3o instead of an/ano . 
  the famous british shrimps . 
  i 'm yet to see an unburnt british person in portugal . 
  porto . 
  friday night . 
  city centre . 
  everyone is drunk . 
  there 's a bus every hour . 
  150 people waiting . 
  bus has 40 seats . 
  it 's only possible physically for 70 people to go on the bus . 
  no queue . 
  the first 90 or so go packed like sardines . 
  the rest wait . 
  no need for a queue . 
  it 's a fantastic book written by orlando ribeiro that talks about the geography and the culture of portugal and how the first influenced the second . 
  it clearly considers that portugal is a mediterranean country . 
  geographically , no . 
  culturally , yes . 
  you 're right, 
  same here . 
  portuguese is a nightmare, 
  it 's the complete opposite here . 
  i 've been in college for 2 months and i 've been invited to sleep in someone 's home several times . 
  same in portugal, 
  the food is too good, 
  in small towns they ring every hour and then in some funerals and weddings . 
  1 - english 2 - portuguese 3 - spanish, 
  as a portuguese , i can understand spanish . 
  french and italian in parts , it 's much harder . 
  i already know english . 
  so , if i learned german and russian i think i would be set . 
  in terms of ranking languages by how they sound ( without portuguese ) : 1 - italian , it 's the romance language . 
  perfect . 
  2 - spanish 3 - french 4 - greek 5 - russian, 
  a lot of americans think we 're in south america ffs https://youtu.be/ugj5rd6bpxc, 
  [ gr\u00e2ndola , vila morena ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr%c3%a2ndola,_vila_morena ) , the song that started the revolution against our dictatorship . 
  vienna is often seen as a perfect city . 
  it 's a perfect destination for those who wish to work in another country . 
  i actually do n't associate it with germany that much . 
  no , but the irish guy just agreed with me . 
  i think he means when there is traffic coming but enough time to go through before the traffic comes . 
  of course they do n't just go through if there are plenty of cars and a red light . 
   why do you have the green man at all ? 
  what purpose does it serve if everyone ignores it ? 
  so that people know when they can cross if there are cars coming . 
  people just ignore it when there are no cars . 
  it 's quite funny seeing the tourists get left behind here . 
  everyone crosses and they stay behind looking confused . 
  i 'd like to live in asia , but not for the rest of my life . 
  so , i 'd pick either the us or canada . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unexpected/comments/42rvaz/demonstrating_the_new_drone/ it 's funny and sad at the same time, 
  i think they 're great . 
  it 's always good to have different cultures around you . 
  there are a lot of tourists here . 
  i go on the subway nearly everyday and i always hear a foreign voice . 
  just a few days ago , i walked for about 2 minutes in downtown porto without hearing a portuguese speaking . 
  the tourists are so noticeable too . 
  the whole height , hair colour and clothing sets them apart from the rest . 
  we love you too . 
  most of the time . 
  we call them shrimps here . 
  it 's mainly the british . 
  how many 50 year old women with short white hair and shrimp skin do they have ?
