  no problem , enjoy your trip !, 
  are you confused with the expression , `` everything 's bigger in texas ? '', 
  if you are looking for history , the east side gallery in berlin was great along with all of the other historical pieces that go along with recent history . 
  the holocaust memorial is extremely touching . 
  if you have time , i suggest the reichstag as well ... everything about that tour was very informative and the building itself is an absolute jewel , imo . 
  also , the if you 're in berlin , you have to see the brandenburg gate . 
  checkpoint charlie was also something to see but i did n't really spend a whole lot of time there . 
  too many people . 
  please keep in mind , i was only in berlin for about 3 days ... and it was not enough time at all . 
  berlin is a very big city and there are many things to see . 
  we partied one night near brunnenstra\u00dfe and bernauerstra\u00dfe ( rough estimate ) . 
  either way , that area are was great . 
  packed with a lot of trendy bars and clubs . 
  all of us had a great time . 
  in munich : * englischer gartens - it 's a huge piece of land with trees , grass , water paths , some buildings / restaurants , and the chinesisch turm , which is awesome for getting some beers , food and good times . 
  every time we went by there , quite a few people were partying and having a great time . 
  * marienplatz - get lost in that area . 
  lots of bars , shops , great restaurants , and the square itself with the rathaus is a beautiful sight . 
  also , in that area , it 's quite common to find many breweries loyal to the 6 original brews of munich ( lowenbrau , augustiner , hofbrau , paulaner , spaten , and hacker-pschorr ) . 
  try all of them . 
  but , if you get your hands on a tergensee ... enjoy ever single drop of that delicious motherfucker . 
  * if you have time to go right outside of munich , check out andechs abbey and / or ammersee if you want to go swimming or something . 
  * night clubs - my group and i fancied the likes of atomic cafe , bullet , the loft , onyx , backstage ... yada yada . 
  we went to a lot of clubs and those were some of the names that stuck with me for whatever reasons . 
  milchundbar was also cool but it was hard to get into ... pretty trendy . 
  and it 's more of a bar . 
  * museums - deutsches museums ( do it ... go ... for me ) . 
  i think i spent 3 days in that place , though . 
  it 's huge . 
  bmw museum was cool and if you can take the factory tour , that was pretty dope . 
  alte pinakothek , neue pinakothek , and pinakothek de moderne are all in the same area and are very good . 
  saw lots of famous paintings from all of the world class artists and the buildings are fantastic . 
  haus der kunst was also a great stop . 
  saw a pretty mind bending exhibit there . 
  also , there is a small museum in lmu about sophie scholl and the white rose . 
  extremely moving . 
  * olympiazentrum - the park itself is absolutely beautiful . 
  there is also a bar in the middle of the park / entertainment area , which was fun . 
  kind of tiki bar-ish , ya know ? 
  * and if you 're in the south , you really should try and take a trip to the alps . 
  zugspitze is breathtaking . 
  also , you could do neuschwanstein and / or the kehlsteinhaus . 
  the scenery that comes along with these places is sex on the eyes . 
  i 'm sorry for being so vague and i certainly ca n't name everything but i think this is a good start !, 
  i stayed in munich for 3 months and found something new everyday . 
  i do n't think i will ever love another city as much . 
  except , maybe prague ... fuckin ' prague , man . 
  odd . 
  last summer , i met a bavarian who , in about 20 minutes , explained to me all of the `` reasons '' as to why bavaria was better than the rest of germany . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and state the obvious . 
  customs will have a good time with you , one . 
  and two , there better not be any resin on the glass . 
  have a good trip . 
  try submitting in / r/travel though . 
  you might have some better luck . 
  pamplona was great but we were there during san fermin , which ... whatever . 
  we ended up leaving a day early to head down to madrid with friends instead of staying another night . 
  although , i was with a friend who knew some local pubs and those were a lot of fun and fairly cheap . 
  i think 14ish euros for 3 beers and 3 shots ... do n't ask me why i remember but i spent most of my summer in m\u00fcnchen , it was a nice change . 
  edit : also , regensburg was a really good time . 
  i got a lot out of it historically . 
  walhalla was nice too but i think it was mainly because a few friends and i were literally the only ones there . 
  sat on the steps and had a good lunch . 
  whats up with all of the green-painted army dudes ? 
  go to barcelona for the skate spots :p, 
  and where do you think the * illegal * gun ownerships are primarily ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqvzrd_nwlq ), 
  i have n't been subjected to eastern european bashing growing up other than hearing some harmless russian / commie jokes , you know . 
  is there a counter that eastern europeans use for those in the western countries of europe ? 
  i am guessing it might be similar to something we have like north vs south vs west coast vs east coast and their various differences and knocks towards each other . 
  of course , those listed above are all part of the same country and the heckling between the four are relatively minute in comparison to your situation . 
  honestly , i came to / r/europe to do the exact same as you . 
  to figure out what is going on . 
  your best bet is to just read the posts above and below your post . 
  the folks here at / r/europe are very thorough and the debates are usually fairly informative . 
  lol this is like when your parents say , `` we 're not mad ... we 're just disappointed ... '', 
  i hate the idea of slavery but damn i love jazz music !, 
  unless football haha, 
  you keep using the term `` poisoned '' like you are destined to fail just because you were born somewhere . 
  do n't be a hopeless citizen ... it 's annoying everywhere . 
  complaining about being an american does n't give you any european high fives ... i feel like it is just becoming another stereotype . 
  i 'm actually in the process of trying to take an internship over there . 
  my girlfriend is studying in k\u00f6ln and a business i worked for has offices there . 
  could n't be more excited ... i still like the states but i have had way too good of a time in germany to not try . 
  someone has a case of the morning grumps !, 
  stop being redik_ulass, 
  ohh right on , man !, 
  til how to break a latvian, 
  congrats to the hard workers at cern !, 
  lol i feel like he was being the american tourist everyone hates ... 
  i 'm happy for you guys . 
  but who the hell is calling it the `` god particle '' . 
  you are confusing all of the idiot christians in the us ... they think they won . 
  of course , iceland is a bit further from europe than the uk . 
  do you feel as though this plays a part ? 
  yeah ... been living here for awhile now . 
  i do n't know why we should panic either . 
  republican election system *, 
  i still do n't understand how america 's social issues are relevant to any european country , where families have maintained concrete traditions and national identity . 
  i live in a neighborhood that is primarily mexican and korean families in ` little armenia ' , next to the most bomb ass turkish-american food stop .
