my boogers froze on the way to class today . 
  we need to get to the bottom of this . 
  coming from a rural appalachian , pennsylvania will probably sound like ` encilvenya with little to no pronunciation throughout the entire word . 
  most europeans , whose native language is n't english , speak far better english than the rural folk of appalachia . 
  in other words , he might have honestly thought you were saying pennsylvania . 
  the regulation of sales and use of guns , for security and leisure , within public and private settings . 
  depending on who you hang out with , parties like this are rather common . 
  was it really that bad ? 
  i 'm curious , not doubting you . 
  you 're quite paranoid , my friend . 
   so shoot . 
  means to ask questions . 
  about 5 hours i think . 
  also , for what it is worth , colorado and utah are the most gorgeous states in my opinion . 
  utah as a lot of great natural beauties about it . 
  detroit is the city of hidden gems . 
  also , chicago is pretty close ( 4 hours by car ) , which is my favorite city in the states . 
  i would definitely suggest seeing it if you 're in the area and have the time . 
  to each their own i suppose, 
  1 : monument valley 2 : yosemite national park 3 ( tie ) : yellow stone national park or the salt flats 4 : cascadia ( pacific northwest ) 5 : rocky mountains of colorado ( during winter ), 
  nice !, 
  i managed to skim through a bit of the source and its very informative ( i 'm studying right now ha ) . 
  i want you to know that i do believe adhd is genetic ... however i think bad parenting , resulting in behavior issues , * also * allows for some children to be inaccurately tested for adhd/add . 
  that was basically my argument . 
  i can find a source for my argument , too . 
  http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10000872396390444301704577631591596516110.html the problem lies within the household and the behavioral issues that are provoked . 
  poor parenting , `` undisciplined child '' , and then poor performance in class - there is a pattern there and it 's caused more rather than created at birth . 
  adderall should not be the first attempt at fixing behavioral issues . 
  that is why there are social workers in the world . 
  to me , the idea of diagnosing a child at the age of 6 with adhd and prescribing medicine is ridiculous and a cop out for parents who do n't know how to raise their child . 
  but unfortunately it happens and at a high rate . 
  edit : i do believe adhd/add is genetic but that does n't stop kids , who simply have behavioral issues from bad parenting , from being prescribed to adderall and other medications as well . 
  to begin with , it 's overly prescribed in the us for whatever reason . 
  also , studies showing the usage of adderall on us campuses may be misrepresentative in * some * ways . 
  many college students i know of , take adderall not because they need it or are prescribed to it , but for reasons of partying and cramming studies . 
  the end of every semester becomes adderall season to some . 
  so , in my experience , users of adderall who actually need it are much lower than people who abuse it on a saturday night . 
  i was in spain this summer meeting my so 's family / friends for the first time and all but two women did the kissing routine with me . 
  i was in asturias and basque country primarily . 
  do you think it was different because i was dating their niece / friend / cousin / etc. ? 
  edit : walen from spain said , down below , that strangers would do cheek-to-cheek kisses and not mouth-to-cheek kisses . 
  looking back on it , that was basically what i got . 
  i 'm exuberant, 
  this ` day-star ' goes away every night . 
  i never know what it is doing . 
  ah , kentuckyism . 
  yes , in fact many movies are being shot in smaller metropolitan areas as of late , such as cleveland and cincinnati , because they are cheaper and can be masked to look like a bigger city . 
  also , more cities are preparing legislation for this , which allows movies to be filmed there . 
  the cities make a lot of money by allowing films to shoot on their streets . 
  many films are still shot on location , which requires production throughout the country in nature and city settings . 
  ... and new york , louisiana , florida , georgia , texas , ohio , etc. 
  i 'm curious , where do they shoot portuguese movies primarily ? 
  perhaps this is a superficial outlook on it : do you think immigration is more common in europe since many countries are landlocked , thus , making travelling to a new country easier ( plus looser regulations and legalities ) ? 
  the us , geographically is harder to get to depending on where people are coming from ... given the population of many of the us immigrants , families would have to purchase plane tickets on top of other fees just to get here if they are coming from asia , the middle east , europe , etc. 
  edit : i 'm saying this in regards to the argument that wealthier immigrants make it to america . 
  depending on where you are coming from , it 's expensive to even travel here for holiday - so yeah , having money helps in that sense . 
  well ... i do n't have much to add but i think this is a perfect opportunity for a question : why do the dutch catch so much flack ? 
  they seem to be the butt of a lot of jokes . 
  i have only been in the netherlands for a grand total of 8 hours so i have no experience with them . 
  yes , he definitely is . 
  mistake on my part . 
  if you 're curious as to whom the statistician is , i believe marelfirst is referring to [ paul krugman ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/ref/opinion/krugman-bio.html ) edit : huge mistake . 
  nate silver , not paul krugman . 
  it 'll be my first time in germany during the winter . 
  but based on your time frame and your planned destinations , you will definitely have to pack a nice jacket with some flannel and some sweaters . 
  also , a rain jacket if you have one . 
  best of luck , man . 
  i 'm going to be in k\u00f6ln in late december and early january ... for some reason i think it will be cold . 
  i drive an audi a4 from 1998 ( i bought it in ' 07 ) . 
  it has over 105k miles and you could never tell . 
  although the gear box is slipping a bit as of late , it has been such a good car and completely reliable . 
  in the survey , `` success in life '' seems like its on the matter of individual success , does n't it ? 
  in which case , yes , people do have control over this * to an extent * . 
  this part of the survey has nothing to do with global economics . 
  i never said i had the answer to worldwide recession but i did provide examples in which an individual can control their own economics and political standing ... 
   upwards or downwards economic trends , banking policies , the international political/economic situation i refer to your forces as ** economics ** , not forces like some jedi talk . 
  `` forces '' is an extremely vague and misguiding way of labeling goverment and economy , let 's be honest . 
   success in life is determined by forces outside our control and we do have control over these political and economic things that lead to success , from a business and financial stand point . 
  it 's called saving , spending , investing , voting , etc. 
  that is why i thought it was vague . 
   christians tend to think they have a hand in things , via prayer and god being on their side . 
  exactly , that is why i thought the 62 % seemed high . 
  interesting !, 
  although , i have one problem but i do n't know if it 's because the people being asked did n't know how to respond to the question or if the survey is faulty . 
   success in life is determined by forces outside our control is `` forces '' suppose to mean the government or some kind of higher power ? 
  sounds a bit like the latter . 
  i found it odd that in a country filled with christians ( 78 percent according to ` the pew forum ' ) , 62 % disagreed with that in the us . 
  this brings up the question , for me at least , how many people were surveyed , and where did they survey ? 
  because if ` forces ' was suppose to mean divine power , i can tell you where they probably did not survey in the us . 
  also , are we gauging success on the idea of a promotion at work or becoming a better person ? 
  edit : maybe i am looking too far into it but `` outside forces '' , to me , is extremely vague terminology hence why i had a problem with this part of the survey in the first place . 
  are we talking about a factory closing / opening , inflation , economic upturn , or economic downfall , good luck , religious safety net , a housing market boost , a new leader , new policy etc. ? 
  all of which are very different , all of which provide very different openings and closings in ones life . 
  that is all . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  jesus christ  we all know the us stood by as europe was ripping itself apart , the us help was in the form of loans , not gifts and what did you buy with that lend-lease act ? 
  oil , raw material , military components . 
  fuck man , it even pissed off hitler so much that he declared war on us . 
  it was obviously painful for his regime . 
   i point again to the example of how the americans hung the brits out to dry once the war was over again , we aided them during the war and after the war , we were still fighting the japanese in the pacific .
