  after that , america suffered a short yet harsh recession , not too mention the build of the cold war and rebuilding germany through reparations ( 6 billion dollars ) because why would n't we ? 
  after ww1 , they were left out to dry and that is why hitler was pissed off . 
   only to help when they realised the growing threat of the communists . 
  we were n't the only ones who did n't want communism , in fact britain was part of keeping communism from spreading during the split of berlin . 
  and look around ... is communism really doing anything to save the world ? 
  just watched an awfully good documentary on north korea and china is really pushing along , are n't they ... ? 
   the us refused to lend the uk any money for us to set up our welfare system , they eventually did so when they realised the threat of the soviets and that they needed a strong ally in europe . 
  because aiding you throughout your bombings and then joining the war to help you after the supply lines were cut was n't enough ... 
  well ... we joined a war . 
  we declared war on the japanese . 
  ... . and then hitler declared war on us a few days later . 
  right . 
  because we did n't have supplies shipping over to great britain before we engaged in the war . 
  him and john stewart are the only ones on tv that criticize the biased media sources of america . 
  people watch him to learn about what fox and msnbc fucked up this time . 
  these two are saviors . 
  if you are interested ... you should watch john stewart vs. john o'reilly . 
  it was a political debate between the two and js ripped jo the whole night because of his biased bullshit he spews out about the republican party . 
  steven colbert and john stewart are more or less criticizers of american media and politicians . 
  their shows are comical and provide an hour of television for people to formulate their own opinions and learn to question their own opinion ... especially when it comes to terrible media sources who shove biased opinions down their throats . 
  also , their tv show airs on comedy central ... a channel dedicated for comedy . 
  # 700,000 ... i 've seen student films that look better than that show . 
  i think even dr. who cost more than that ... although , i hope it did n't . 
  that 's great . 
  i do n't know what it is like in europe when you spot a bison but seeing bison in the states today is a big deal to most . 
  just do n't park your car too close . 
  yes , we do have these technical schools but as far as i am concerned , they are n't encouraged enough . 
  apart from the addition of school sports events , this is spot on as to what my high school life was like , even the sound of music performance ... 
  hmm ... we threw pies at teachers and professors but never students . 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  my home town lives for high school football . 
  it 's a social gathering , a sports event , a place to cheer on your kid , and gives neighboring towns bragging rights . 
  it 's actually pretty cool to be apart of when you 're a drunk high schooler at a game ... but when you go off to uni , you 're done with that whole show . 
  but some people get sucked back into it . 
  i 'm from ohio . 
  the midwest , from my home grown experience , really gets behind their local sports teams , even if they are just high school athletics . 
  my town really gets behind the football , basketball , and hockey team . 
  every parent is a dedicated fan for their child 's sports team , and so on . 
  the midwest is `` soccer mom '' galore . 
  ... aaaaand i just now figured out why the show `` inbetweeners '' has such a name . 
  just started watching it . 
  i think we need to encourage technical schools and more in the states . 
  for some reason , a lot of people look down on technical systems , and discourage it . 
  this results in a conglomerate of students who are on different levels , going to the same ( public ) schools and taking the same tests . 
  then , these test scores go to the state and determine state funding for the school . 
  some schools just end up heading into a downward spiral with budget cuts ... especially inner city schools . 
  in my high school , you had the opportunity to actually go to the uni in my town for several courses if you could `` test into them '' . 
  i had a great time at the audi cup in 2011 . 
  such great fans , and a fantastic american-to-europe experience . 
  my only regret is that i did n't learn the songs before hand ... but i did n't want to be a poser lol . 
  well i have been to a game where this sort of thing happened but it was `` praising '' the home team . 
  it is n't too difficult to lift the sign up when they say , `` lift the signs . '', 
  lol, 
  dude ... that is a tv show host , an anchor for msnbc !, 
  see that 's what is wrong with the perception of america . 
  we are constantly generalized with msnbc , fox , soap operas , and other assholes on tv . 
  if you want unbiased us/world news go to [ npr ] ( http://www.npr.org/ ) and stop putting us in the category of biased-left and/or biased-right . 
  the reason these people are praising anything right now is because the election is around the corner . 
  there can be no mistake in either promoting or trashing pres. 
  obama and his reaction to the embassies . 
  lots of europeans have told me that us media and politics sucks . 
  and we know this . 
  so do n't use a clip from a biased , multibillion dollar media company as your source . 
  haha knives ... at least you did n't say guns !, 
  you know , the fans do n't bring those signs with them . 
  who do you think pays for these advertising stunts that get tv coverage all across the nation ? ... the military . 
  financial benefits for military service , yes . 
  worship , no . 
  you probably can recall the couter-culture movement . 
  this era in america sparked many progressive ideals and beliefs that collided with the american government and military use . 
  not to mention , during the vietnam war , people became more aware of the media implanting ideas into the viewer . 
  this caused many to question the government , the media and the military , when the actual facts consisted of us soldiers raping women and burning villages down . 
  it 's funny because now , many vietnam veterans are trying to stand up for today 's soldiers when they come back home . 
  they are being treated in a similar fashion socially . 
  this idea that we are `` veteran-worshippers '' is nothing more than a superficial generalization . 
  and as far as the football stadium with the signs that spell out `` veteran blah blah blah '' . 
  the people did n't bring those signs . 
  who do you think pays for those advertising stunts that are shown to viewers nationwide ? ... the military . 
  ... then why ca n't you just order from those and do n't they have the same inventory ? 
  sorry , i am extremely unaware of this problem . 
  texas is often confused on most things . 
  you get paid when you volunteer in the military . 
  but i believe you get paid and get better benefits if you progress to full time . 
  the military is also a huge part of america because of how many jobs it provides . 
  it 's a huge ~ ~ army ~ ~ industry . 
  the vietnam war is the reason as too why we do n't celebrate soldiers the way we did after ww2 . 
  this celebration of war and soldiers does n't live on in everybody . 
  it 's reserved mostly for the conservatives and traditionalists ... who are on their way out as a popular breed . 
  it 's a dying practice . 
  ever since the vietnam war , soldiers and the idea of these `` majestic heros '' have become a fading dream for the american traditionalist . 
  the `` they-died-for-your-rights '' argument lives on in these people , just like how the same people spew the `` jesus died for your sins '' phrase any chance they get . 
  and it 's typical coming from small conservative towns , where people really do look up to the men and women in camo . 
  also , i believe it 's still alive and well in the baby-boomer generation here in america . 
  baby-boomers like my father , are very proud of their parent 's service during ww2 ... it 's just something that has n't faded yet . 
  military service used to be praised and put on a pedestal in order to attract more people and my parents and grandparents grew up with that mentality . 
  now , the only military commercials that i notice look like they take place 50 years in the future . 
  with that said , soldiers will still get a `` thank you '' from a passing stranger on the street . 
  i do n't think these people are praising them by any means , i think it 's just a person who had a grandparent or parent in the army ( which is common ) and are proud of their service ... idk . 
  either way , my point is , no one stops what they are doing to salute and sing the national anthem as a soldier walks down the street . 
  logic is a dangerous thing : /,
