trust me , i 'm from the southern part of romania . 
  people here are way closer to a balkan mindset than to the a central european one . 
  sounds like a pre-1989 romanian marriage . 
  while one should n't label the entire country as `` balkan '' , there 's definitely a leaning towards it in the south part of the country . 
  he came out at 22:00 and hurled somewhat random accusations . 
  it was / r/subredditdrama worthy . 
  please , most romanians are orthodox . / s do n't try to reason with them , they 're supporting a guy who lied on his resume , copied extensively in his doctoral thesis , gave money to the romanian orthodox church from national emergency funds as a part of his campaign , violated the constitution while being a prosecutor , and suggested nationalising private pension funds . 
  well , considering [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carol_i_of_romania ) , maybe we should just outsource leadership to germans . 
  yes . 
  psd ( the main party in the alliance ponta is running for ) is renowned for corruption . 
  the major `` losers '' from the 1st round are right-ish like klaus . 
  the government ( with ponta as pm ) just dun goofed with voting outside the country . 
  ponta 's speech after final exit polls was terrible . 
  it was the kind of discourse you would expect in an internet argument . 
  i second this !, 
  sealand is magnificent !, 
  greatest nightlife , extensive history , amazing biodiversity , and marvelous beaches !, 
  sealand is best yuropland !, 
  having someone in bed , feeling terrible sounds like a good reason to call 911 . 
  read the comment for / u/allnutty . 
  that 's the idea . 
  i pay about ~ ~ 25 ~ ~ ( turns out the tax rate is actually ) 45 % taxes here , but i have to have a private pension fund if i ever want to retire and not have a shitty pension , i have to pay a bunch of money each month for private health insurance because i can be sure that the national health system is shit unless i want to bribe doctors , and if i ever want to have a child , birth alone costs 700 ( bribes in a public hospital for natural birth ) -5000 ( private c-section birth with stem cell collection ) euro , and the educational system is bad enough that you have to get kids private tutoring . 
  so yeah , lower taxes in romania . 
  i 'm aware about the taxation . 
  i 'm also aware that i would have access to ok medical services there and i could ride a bike to work without people expressly trying to run me over with their cars . 
  could you please explain how you 're getting `` swarmed '' ? 
  how would you define `` surviving '' ? 
  what 's wrong with people moving to a country and building a life there ? 
  i was considering moving to a scandinavian country , but maybe i should just build a boat and raid . 
  would that be acceptable ? 
  the thing is , romania does n't have a lot of infrastructure to transport gas/oil as far as pipelines are concerned , mainly due to the fact that the bribes required were/are prohibitive here . 
  i think that even if we shoulder the whole cost of the infrastructure , it could be a first step in getting in on the oil/gas trade through the region . 
  since both serbia and romania have adopted [ incoterms ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incoterms ) , what each party pays ( shipping , insurance , etc ) would be specified in the contract . 
  goods for which the seller pays for shipping have a higher price for the buyer . 
  most of the time , traders have a pretty good estimate of what a good should be sold for so they come out with a profit . 
  at least their chocolate rations were increased to 25 grams . 
  `` white flags !, 
  white flags for everyone ! '', 
  `` where can i get some good drugs in your country ? '', 
  `` can i have the phone number of your dealer ? '', 
  `` what about the address ? '', 
  quick , go learn swedish to a c2 level to prove your superiority !, 
  did you fail reading comprehension ? 
  the paragraph you quoted refers to people had arrived very recently . 
  they probably still have problems with speaking swedish . 
  here 's what they say about children who have been in the country for a while :  however , the figures also showed that children of immigrant backgrounds did just as well or even better than native swedes . 
  you ca n't eat your cake and have it too ** while in the eu ** . 
  better ? 
   still trading freely . 
  trading outside the eu implies a lot of red tape . 
  i think we both know that a lot of government employees are not valuable specialists , but rude bureaucrats who obtain their positions due to `` networking '' . 
  also , teachers . 
  just imagine how much money you could make if you had a degree in arts/music/math / romanian literature !, 
  i think it depends on the country . 
  i doubt it 's going to work here . 
  the biggest thing that happened here was cutting state employees wages by 25 % . 
  we 're still keeping all the state jobs we 've ever had , although technically the numbers should have dropped post - '89 when using computers became a thing . 
   iron out all their kinks , loopholes and redundancies it has n't happened . 
  maybe ee qualification standards need to be updated or we could get an international/eu-wide standard ? 
  are we talking about `` not interviewing ees '' or about `` dropping them in the hiring process due to lack of skills compared to uk mechanics '' ? 
  i view the eu thing as only being a positive thing for romania economically as long as the labor market is intertwined with the goods market . 
  working for a trading company and i 've only seen things go romania -  outside the eu . 
  limiting our access to the labor market would `` put us in the red '' . 
  edit ( clarification ) : as a country , not the company i work for . 
  i 'm actually ok with the uk leaving the eu because it 's your choice after all . 
  what i 'm curious about is what impact it would have on british economy ? 
  would you experience smaller amounts of trade either as an intermediary or for things produced in the uk ? 
  would british products still be able to compete with eu products ? 
  edit : also , how would it impact the availability of imports in the uk and the `` average jack 's '' ability to buy them ? 
  the whole `` unlimited circulation of workers '' is the trade-off you get for `` unlimited circulation of goods '' . 
  limiting the access to work of immigrants should attract trade restrictions for the country . 
  you ca n't eat your cake and have it too . 
  there 's a big problem with corruption and the bribes required to get anything moving . 
  investors are turned off by having to stuff some state employee 's / elected official 's pockets with money . 
  while the average romanian is upset by this , politicians view it as just another source of income , and companies who already have business here see it as a way to keep demand for local employees low ( and keeping the local wages low ) . 
   we turned into a 2 party state is this true ? 
  my perception of the political scene here was a very united left , unfortunately populated by former secret police and led by ponta , and a highly fragmented right , whose sole hope is having a second tour of elections . 
  am i wrong ? 
  bulgaria . 
  he 's from there . 
  it 's pretty eastern european . 
  / s realistically , your government probably suffers losses due to the fact that eastern european immigrants may be preferred when companies hire due to accepting lower salaries , thus resulting in more british citizens being on unemployment . 
  the other side of this story is that these eastern europeans are n't doing anything illegal - they want to work and very often ca n't find jobs back home ( unemployment rate here for people 18-24 is 25 % as an example ) . 
  overall , the uk does belong to the eu right now and any incentives the government might put in place for companies to hire brits would be ( rightfully ) seen as discriminatory . 
  it 's quite the stalemate you have there . 
  but politicians can say a bunch of divisive statements in hopes of attracting electors , 'cause , you know , they do n't actually care about brits , immigrants or about how society becomes poisoned by this stuff . 
   the swedish word bo means to live ; sambo to cohabit . 
  as more people struggle to get on the housing ladder , a new word has been coined : mambo , to live with your mum . 
  this is all i get to read . 
  d : in other news , the swedish are doing the mambo en masse . 
  actually , people on reddit are more likely to be introverted because reddit is as far as you can get from social interaction while still communicating with others . 
  it had more to do with the average redditor being anti-social than being intelligent . 
  do n't you think that asking reddit might skew your results or produce results that are not representative of the whole population ? 
  southern-ish europe here !, 
  people kiss and hug as greetings and i find it preferable to having at least 0.5 m between myself and the next person , unless i 'm physically intimate with them or the environment does not allow it . 
  we have that too !, 
  listen , i get that the illegal things some of them are doing are condemnable , but i do n't think we should blow it out of proportion if they decide to call their children traditional islamic names or decide to not drink alcohol/whatever . 
  i wanted to reply to / u/fearlessclone . 
  listen , i get that the illegal things some of them are doing are condemnable , but i do n't think we should blow it out of proportion if they decide to call their children traditional islamic names or decide to not drink alcohol/whatever . 
  less than 1 % of the boys born in norway had a super-popular islamic name !,
