do people out to kill random civilians normally give warnings or issue apologies or spend their time attacking military facilities when they could just hit soft civilian targets ? 
  i 'm not excusing the deaths of civilians by any means . 
  far too often they fell below the standards expected of a revolutionary liberation movement and i 've no issue condemning individual actions . 
  but on the whole the ira were by far the most conscious of any of the groups involved in the conflict . 
  for economic damage . 
  they routinely gave warnings and issued apologies when civilians were accidentally killed and stood down units that did n't take proper precautions to avoid civilian casualties . 
  the question is one of democracy : are the irish people as a whole to be allowed to settle their own affairs by majority rule , or does britain retain the right to divide , partition , and enforce dependency ? 
  if the uk respected the self determination of locals , there would never have been a `` northern ireland '' . 
  those who support the armed struggle in ireland certainly would n't consider it to be terrorism . 
  the dublin government is already disconnected from the people in this country of 4.5 million people . 
  you think we would be heard at all in a federal state of half a billion ? 
  the big boys france and germany will tailor everything to suit themselves and hang us out to dry , they could n't care less about ireland . 
  the larger the population represented by a body , the more diluted each individual 's vote and voice becomes . 
  in a federal eu , we would only constitute 3 % of it 's population and thus , are as politically relevent as ballyhaunis county council in the scheme of a united states of europe . 
  generally people want to have the power to hold those that make decisions about their lives to account . 
  appeasement of terrorists is what you 're suggesting ? 
  the question is one of democracy : are the irish people as a whole to be allowed to settle their own affairs by majority rule , or does britain retain the right to divide , partition , and enforce dependency ? 
  how about we do n't give a minority the power of veto on the unity of ireland ? 
  there is no doubt that if the will of the people of all 32 counties had been expressed that the majority would have overwhelmingly voted for complete independence from england . 
  so essentially a minority of the people are given majority control in a section of the country . 
  it is not at all accurate to describe it as a sectarian conflict . 
  to simplify , nationalists demanded [ equal rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burntollet_bridge_incident ) , loyalists tried to [ ethically cleanse nationalists ] ( http://republican-news.org/current/news/2013/08/the_burning_of_bombay_street.html#.v-eyk_krliu ) , nationalists [ fought back ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_st_matthew%27s ) , thus , giving birth to the pira . 
  nothing to do with religion . 
  there were many protestants who fought for irish freedom . 
   northern ireland had another version of it that was far more severe . 
  they had bombs and knee-cappings and murders on a daily basis . 
  the troubles was n't about religion at all . 
  i thought he was joking . . 
  it 's just a pipe dream spread by eu acolytes . 
  it 'll never come to fruition . 
  why is it needed ? 
  the rising of 1916 did n't have mass support from the citizenry . 
  this is basic knowledge . 
  the 1916 rising and home rule were opposing traditions . 
  the 1916 rising was in the tradition of 1798 , fighting for an independent republic . 
  home rule would n't have achieved this . 
   the provisional ira were a group of thugs , degenerates and lackeys who pushed back the progress of northern ireland for decades . 
  the sooner they 're confined to the dustbin of history , the better . 
  it was a nasty conflict that resulted from the lid coming off a situation that could have been entirely averted had we had responsible and equal governance . 
  if you want proof of that , ask yourself : what was different in the 1990 's to the 1960 's - hint : a government 's willingness to allow all sides to a table to negotiate a fair and equal settlement . 
   i will not/cannot support a group who consider the murder of children a just cause towards their political ambitions . 
  one day n. ireland will join the republic of ireland , but that will be done by a democractic vote via the people of northern ireland . 
  so i guess you 'll be equally condemnatory of british murder and collusion with so-called loyalist murder-gangs who shot and blew up hundreds of completely innocent people ? 
  we wanted an independent republic , not home rule . 
  anyway , what makes you think that the british would have implemented the bill of 1914 after the war if 1916 did not happen ? 
  redmond campaigned for a 32 county home rule - that was never happening . 
  not after the mutiny , uvf being allowed to operate without interference or arrest after threatening anyone to tried to bring home rule to them , not after their sacrifices in europe . 
  acts can get repealed and severely amended . 
   it was the prods who went on strike because of the sunningdale agreement . 
  not only that . 
  33 people died in dublin and monaghan as a direct result of unionism/loyalism 's refusal to change and dismantle their sectarian statelet . 
   when the provisional ira was formed this further increased sectarianism as they openly fought for a united ireland which no doubt made compromise harder . 
  the pira were formed to protect catholic neighbourhoods from being ethically cleansed , something the british army failed to do . 
   refusing to accept the sunningdale agreement that was supported by the very country they claimed to be fighting for . 
  bad history . 
  sinn f\u00e9in and the ira were n't included in the sunningdale talks . 
  the mistake of sunningdale was the sdlp and the british thinking that a settlement could be imposed without reference to sinn f\u00e9in and the ira and the people they represented . 
  it took them 30 years or more to realise or admit it . 
  imo they both ` realised ' it even at the time of sunningdale but persevered in a failed attempt to destroy sf and the ira and allow the sdlp hold onto their cozy seats . 
  that is what the sdlp paid for - their selfishness . 
  only when the british included sinn f\u00e9in at the table was a deal possible and done . 
  no sure why you 're downvoted here . 
  the ira certainly were n't theocrats , they were revolutionary socialists , fighting for a secular republic . 
  much like the plo who , in fact , gave weapons to the pira in the 70s . 
  drawing a comparison between hamas and the ira is ludicrous . 
  our army will be but secondary in maintaining our security . 
  its strength will be but the straighten of real resistance - the extent to which we build up within ourselves what can never be invaded and what can never be destroyed . 
  we are a small nation . 
  our military strength in pro-portion to the mighty armaments of modern nations can never be considerable . 
  our strength as a nation will depend upon our economic freedom , and upon our moral and intellectual force . 
  an irish army , will only exist for honourable purposes only . 
  for the defence of our liberties , and of our people in exercise of their liberties . 
  an irish army can never be used for the ignoble purpose of invasion , subjugation , and exploitation . 
   great my pain : my irreconcilable enemy who harrasses me continually they conveniently left out the one line which mentions the british . 
  no surprise there . 
   next we 'll letting women control their own reproductive system !, 
  there is nothing `` progressive '' about abortion on demand . 
   conspiring to join the german side in a quest to get irish independence . 
  it must be said , we were not pro-german during the war any more than we were pro-bulgarian , pro-turk , or anti-french . 
  we were anti-british , pursing our age-long policy against the common enemy . 
  not only was this our policy , but it was the policy that any weak nation would have pursued in the same circumstances . 
  we were a weak nation kept in subjection by a stronger one , and we formed and adopted our policy in light of this fact . 
  james connolly foresaw the situation that exists here today , and gave an accurate picture of a neo-colonial irish state that has actually come about pretty much as he predicted . 
  he said that if the irish party got its wish to hoist an irish flag over dublin castle and paint the pillar-boxes green then unless they set about re-structuring society , england would still be able to rule at second hand . 
  and , indeed , england still retains social , cultural and economic domination over the 26 county state . 
  p\u00e1draig pearse did too : `` if ireland were to lose her language - which is , remember , an essential of her nationality - there might conceivably be a free state in ireland at some future date ; but that state would not be the irish nation , for it would have parted from the body of traditions which constitute irish nationality . 
  the people which would give up its language in exchange for political autonomy would be like the prisoner who would sell his soul to the evil one that he might be freed from his bodily chains . '', 
  point is , the current state is certainly not the one which the men of 1916 died for . 
  far from it . 
  there is no ` independent irish state ' as far as i 'm concerned . 
   it 's a slow process but it 's done more for the cause in northern ireland than bombs ever did . 
  i completely disagree , but i suppose there could be no firm conclusion to our argument until we see what time holds in store for the cause . 
  not at all - you 're just as irish as me . 
  in the words of tone , republicans seek to unite protestant , catholic and dissenter under the common name of irishmen in order to break the connection with england , the never failing source of all our political evils . 
  i certainly do not hate british people , the british ruling class , perhaps . 
  when the irish republic is reestablished we , republicans , desire to preserve with the british people the same political relations as with the people of france , or germany , or of any other country ; the greatest possible friendship , but also the strictest independence . 
  brothers , but not bedfellows . 
  would you say the same about the men of 1798 , the fenians or the heroes of ' 16 ? 
  if not , why ? 
   that the evil brits were mean to us in history so some guys today are justified to kill them ?
