  kimi is ruining ferrari 's race for now . 
  kimi out on a sunday drive . 
  it hurts me watching this . 
  finally, 
  watch and learn kimi, 
  welp , there it is, 
  the verstappen, 
  this has been posted 2 or 3 times this past week . 
  just let it go . 
  alonso after suffering his 10th reitrement during the season : `` now i am become death , the destroyer of worlds . '', 
  brundle destroying horner never gets old . 
  michael ;(, 
  tony ross did n't exactly help the situation :d, 
  that suplex lmao, 
  yeah , i mean i only last year found out he had a wife and 2 kids . 
  this is beautiful, 
  he also said that he gets shot down because merc does n't supply engines for those . 
  and this right here is a prime example of why i do n't even bother watching the bulgarian channel . 
  nice username . 
  i think my prediciton of 4 mclaren double dnfs will fall short . 
  tell me about it . 
  sounds like an a-10 warthog, 
  getting some strong msc vibes . 
  i wonder if they will block the tunnel entrance with a brick wall and paint a tunnel on it . 
  i think we need to have a talk about jlb , holy moly , what was that !, 
  i love how those are all prototypes but in 95 and 96 they said `` fuck it '' and ran supras , lol, 
  i do n't think anyone could take that defeat well , but everytime i see how they cut away from hamilton to the ferrari mechanic busting the glass i lol, 
  kvy : no , he has kids . 
  yup, 
  well you did sell items using their name . 
  i am actually surprised it took that long . 
  you 've done a really nice job with the art and i like it a lot but yeah , probably should have named it something else . 
  wrong post , mate . 
  just joking . 
  hope everything goes well and you start scoring consistently . 
  they literally showed the ferrari hype train on sky, 
  poor alonso : (, 
  stroll and palmer do n't fail to disappoint, 
  the only battle that matters this year . 
  was ric 's car smoking ? 
  unlucky for some . 
  is that massa !, 
  he is the president you idiot . 
  vettel saying that quiet `` all the best '', 
  stirring the shit up on the podium lol, 
  tommorow :, 
  `` breaking news : fia announces shock rule changes for the 2018 season to improve overtaking . 
  less downforce and narrower tires . '', 
  [ not that difficult , is it ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=what+if+senna+painting ), 
  and it is called `` if only '', 
  24h livestream, 
  grigor wo n't be happy, 
  so strange hearing someone call alonso a rookie , lol . 
  also , greetings from / r/formula1 !, 
  bruh , what about michael, 
  so how many cars is porsche going to run at le mans . 
  i thought there was an agreement between toyota and porsche to only run 2 cars . 
  i just heard toyota are going to run 3 . 
  thanks !, 
  still a yellow car . 
  checks out, 
  alonso is able to drive for andretti because teams are allowed to enter more cars for that event . 
  and also another driver gave him his position so alonslo can drive, 
  man , i respect what he did but i miss him fighting out front : (, 
  why does that mclaren have such a high nose, 
  damn , that would 've been awesome . 
  snooker + murray walker, 
  well , then do n't go over them . 
  do n't see anyone extending at monaco or singapore, 
  ~ ~ vet ham bot ( maybe rai replacing bot ) ~ ~, 
  and then you will get punished for your mistake . 
  lol, 
  yes , i would actually like to see something from the onboard shots . 
  nice delta shape you got there . 
  fits the regulations . 
  no that poor kid . 
  also vettel with 2s lead already, 
  i am so hyped !!, 
  that part with the dragon flying over the army !!, 
  shit is going down . 
  did the same last year . 
  then he broke his suspension some laps later at the same place . 
  let 's hope he does n't do the same again . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  bruh , what am i listening to, 
  that was amazing, 
  brundle and crofty realise that ferrari did 12.3 in fp3 right ? 
  why is this downvoted ?!, 
  lmao this is clearly sarcasm . 
  is brawn having a stroke ? 
  you will be within them for sure . 
  at least this time brundle knows there 's a minute 's silence, 
  this might be the best radio ever . 
  crofty just shut up please !, 
  renaults seem to like that place, 
  well played !, 
  this is a perfectly sound decision for me . 
  ofcourse ferrari are goin to push the driver who has more points to the front . 
  every team would have done the same . 
  7 more points are worth a lot come the end of the season .
