  i actually did n't like dt when i first heard them ( 2014 ) . 
  but i made the huge mistake of playing a live performance from the same year , so yeah . 
  once i started to listen through their albums i loved them . 
  i am amazed that people still have n't got the idea about this tour . 
  it has been clearly said many times that they will play only the astonishing . 
  i have to disagree . 
  everything was very clear long before the album was even out . 
  they have answered that question many , many times . 
  oh , yes !, 
  i love this . 
  damn ... 
  i do n't like 2016 . 
  honor thy father and the shattered fortress are pretty fucking metal . 
  i actually find the chorus of onw pretty boring . 
  itnog, 
  panic attack, 
  on the backs of angels, 
  finally free, 
  about to crash, 
  and i am not sure if this counts but the `` in peaceful sedation i lay half awake ... '' part of antr, 
  have to say i really like the score . 
  i find it better than the self titled , which is a good thing . 
  i loved it in the beginning but now i find myself just playing a few songs off of it . 
  if they had come anywhere near me , i would have gone . 
  but after seeing some videos from the concerts i am not entirely sure i would have liked it . 
  hey , fellow bulgarian !, 
  really glad to see itnog and tmols in there , 
  great !, 
  choosing between this dying soul and breaking all illusions was a bit hard . 
  just like me on euro truck simulator when i have to go to the next town to pick up a job . 
  freaking lol , could you tell what car do you own ? 
  or are you 13 ? 
  i am pretty sure i 'll get bombed for this but i chose on the backs of angels . 
  choosing between outcry and itpoe was surprisingly difficult but i voted for itpoe in the end . 
  i am also not looking forward to the path that divides vs moment of betrayal, 
  chose bai here , i did n't sacrifice this dying soul for nothing . 
  man , i get so sad when i see him mentioned since the accident . 
  i started watching f1 around 2003-04 when he was dominating and he seemed to be a really nice guy off the track . 
  i hope he gets better . 
  again some tough matches . 
  bits vs soc and the path that divides vs moment of betrayal, 
  chose soc and tptd here . 
  i did n't like it in the beginning too but i use it all the time now , mainly when i am on mobile . 
  lol, 
  i am also surprised ss lost . 
  and the x aspect too, 
  pretty straight forward this round . 
  only 2 match-ups that gave me a hard time were :, 
  vacant vs fatal tragedy, 
  endless sacrifice vs the ministry of lost souls, 
  you do realise you ca n't just make portnoy fans praise mangini , right ? 
  everybody has their own opinion . 
  i know mangini is good , and maybe even better than mp technically but i just liked the band more with mp onboard . 
  and here we see an example of the mature behavior of a 31 year old man . 
  i am amazed that in 2010 turn 8 at istanbul was flat out . 
  not him !, 
  spot on !, 
  exactly how i feel about it too . 
  i love the exhausts . 
  that 488 gt car is one of the sexiest racing cars i 've seen in a while, 
  i did n't get the chance to go to a show , but from the videos i have seen , i was somewhat off put by james ' vocals . 
  it just did n't sound right at all . 
  might have been better live still . 
  holy fuck , crofty can you scream a little bit louder please , i am not sure i hear you . 
  `` ferrari are getting closer to us guys , really ! '', 
  - mercedes, 
  this post is a shit show , lol, 
  thanks for repeating what he said . 
  thank you for thanking me for pointing it out . 
  [ : ) ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/awpqnskuftxi4/giphy.gif ), 
  `` welcome to the hydraulic press channel ! '', 
  yea , man !, 
  that is why he overtook #lewis # 44 #blessed !, 
  mercedes are clearly cheating and keeping this mode a secret from #lewis # 44 #blessed !, 
  open your eyes sheeple !, 
  nico is a cheatsberg and should learn how to drive !, 
  album-wise , i would like to see something along the lines of tot . 
  this is so good . 
  i watch it every now and then when i 'm bored . 
  i wish every album had one of these . 
  yeah , that was awesome . 
  i do n't think i can get more erect . 
  \u0415dit : [ turns out i can ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub_x502wqxm ), 
  yep . 
  i do n't know if it is my absolute favourite but it is pretty high up there . 
  last ~ 2 minutes are pure eargasm to me . 
  he carried so much speed through swimming pool , amazing !, 
  i think you should red lag it . 
  crofty , could you please just shut the fuck up !, 
  such a good race . 
  i am glad i stayed through the long red flag . 
  lol , did he actually give senna the finger while overtaking him ? 
  it is definitely too long . 
  of course not . 
  just does n't sound right to me . 
  if evans could stop hitting all the cars with his hand it would be great . 
  they can push him out in a coffin next ep . 
  that would be better . 
  well , it is no surprise since williams have gotten the fastest pitstops awards in every race this season so far . 
  quick !,
