  this has become a coffin made of nothing but nails . 
  it 's a mclaren burning in the end of the tunnel at monaco . 
  oh , he is turkish . 
  that makes sense . 
  lol, 
  this is amazing . 
  the part about luca badoer . 
  lol, 
  idk about tds but it sure does sound like home . 
  i want this in my life . 
  is it made of metal ? 
  how fucking cool is that . 
  this should be interesting . 
  this is amazing . 
  i like how that one guy could n't change his picture and just left it like that . 
  [ this is the root of all evil ] ( https://youtu.be/rgac7ekymva ), 
  did you hear the astonishing ? 
  the astonishing is really good . 
  just make sure you have the lyrics up when you listen to it . 
  yeah , i know i was talking about when they were swapping teams and that guy left his t bot avatar, 
  oh lol , we 've gone full circle . 
  you probably know about it but check out r/dreamtheater . 
  thanks guys but i will be sticking with the trio . 
  out of all those new host the only one that has my interest is harris . 
  i am happy for him but doubt that the show will be a success . 
  i got the opportunity to see the cms detector at cern . 
  it was spectacular . 
  i am more interested how did n't faythe become deaf but daryus did . 
  9:20 to 10:20 soc, 
   babies crying, 
  goodnight kiss, 
  [ pizza pie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbglw5ej3yg ), 
  ye man , that octagonal scope . 
  i wonder how much time it will take to roll out the dvd, 
  i already have moment of betrayal 's intro as my ringtone, 
  i thought that gabriel looked a bit like james from the first time i saw him . 
  now that you compare mp to daryus i can see a little bit of similarity . 
  hold the phone !, 
  is it matte ? 
  can confirm . 
  got sand dune yesterday . 
  was getting a steady 60fps on old nuke . 
  getting 20-30 now . 
  rip new nuke for me ; (, 
  wait , has n't the concert already started though ? 
  and it says there is still 1 hour left until it begins, 
  let 's hope its good quality . 
  someone better screen cap this . 
  in case they do n't upload it as a video later . 
  yeah , lol i got fucking hyped for this and its fake :d, 
  i am now so sad i ca n't go : ( sounds awesome !, 
  james did mess it up a bit in the end of tgom . 
  oh wow , i knew that some parts ( jlb ) would be played instead of sang , but i expected him to sing arhys ' parts in the exchange . 
  seems like he chose the `` easier '' parts here . 
  i really wanted to hear that part live : (, 
  please tell me that is not a sex-aid at the front . 
  yeah , the english version is shit . 
  but the italian one works fine , even in high quality . 
  yes , i know . 
  he said it in an interview but i expected him to sing arhys ' parts . 
  kinda disapointing, 
  lux auto brightness does the same job and does n't need a rooted phone . 
  italy 's time yesterday was 16 seconds . 
  sounds really good . 
  my favorite instrumental , i just wish i get to hear it live some day ( probably wo n't happen ), 
  while we are on the topic . 
  can someone tell what the hell is that song in the background of the video . 
  i have been trying to find it for so long now . 
  even asked the fb page of musician 's friend and they couldnt tell me . 
  woah , no freaking way !, 
  i was watching this just last night thinking of posting it here lol . 
  edit : actually looking at what time this was posted , i was watching it at the exact same time . 
  that formatting . 
  [ not looking good . 
  he ran all the way from syria . 
  nice . 
  i love the fact that they put an analogue speedometer . 
  lol i think calling tot a tribute to metallica is an insult to dt . 
  huh , look who it is . 
  yup and getting downvoted for it :d i forgot that this is how this sub works . 
  lol , probably . 
  turned out better than i expected, 
  porsche 991 gt3, 
  laferrari, 
  mercedes s63, 
  terracotta pie , hey !, 
  last couple of minutes of soc, 
  lol, 
  [ well played ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/mike_portnoy.jpg/250px-mike_portnoy.jpg ), 
  judging by the general opinion the answer is systematic chaos . 
  i really like this album . 
  only changes i would make to it is to combine itpoe into one and have tmols as the ending of the album . 
  [ one panic attack you might like ] ( https://youtu.be/5hds6mcvaks ), 
  this song is definetly in my top 5 songs from the album . 
  i love the intro . 
  quickly became my ringtone : ), 
  truth !, 
  yeah , i actually thought ( not in all seriousness ) that the album would be something spawned from lnf , outcry and itpoe . 
  i guess not :d, 
  that bulgarian windows though,
