  i do n't know why but those rear tires looked massive to me . 
  well , i also quite like adtoe . 
  but i feel that a large part of the character and charm of the band left with mp . 
  mm seems to me a bit too clinical in his playing . 
  sleep . 
  the prestige ,, 
  senna ( the 2010 one ), 
  [ a change of seasons by dream theater ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzkrwjzgg0k ), 
  just an amazing piece of music , it is worth listening to every second of it . 
  impressive . 
  makes a nice wallpaper too . 
  i 'm going home . 
  lol, 
  i 'm ashamed to say it but i did n't like octavarium at all when i first heard it . 
  now i love it, 
  i cried at the end , just seeing the sheer amount of people on the streets saying a last goodbye to their hero . 
  man , stop reminding me of season 3 . ; ( i cri evritiem, 
  hope they come to bulgaria again . 
  never seen them live , so that would be nice + new album . 
  watching their concert in kavarna in 2009 with portnoy putting the bulgarian flag on the drym kit makes me wish i listened to them back then . 
  yea , i started watching somewhere during early second quarter of s3 and i can say that that was the golden age for mindcrack for me . 
  best content and most activity . 
  ca n't wait for this !, 
  most addicting mobile game i have seen . 
  will i still have my progress when this update comes ? 
  thanks !, 
  not planning to do that any time soon . 
  am bulgarian . 
  can confirm . 
  greeks are fucked but they do n't give a shit about it . 
  best moment in recent uhcs, 
  one of my favourite albums . 
  i think that all of the songs on it are awesome . 
  especially the shattered fortress . 
  [ i love the video of vettel after his crash with webber in turkey 2010 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-fwrvhimz0 ), 
  pretty much sums up my experience with such things . 
  ask my crush of over a year out . 
  the plan is ti grow a pair in the next two weeks after i finish some other stuff that is more important to me at the moment . 
  wish me luck !, 
  gold !, 
  no , he looks far too happy for his situation at the moment . 
  lost not forgotten , prophets of war , i walk beside you . 
  finally free and in the name of god, 
  true for me !, 
  woah , are you me ? 
  i want to be behind * those scenes *, 
  the one with the driving , i feel it . 
  yup , pretty much the same for me . 
  woah !, 
  that refference !, 
  yup , they are made of tiny legos called atoms . 
  yup , best song i have heard and i doubt there will be another like it . 
  so how do you feel right now ? 
  everything !, 
  6938 days / 18 years and 364 days ( * tomorrow is my birthday * ), 
  yes , i would like to see the suite , especially the shattered fortress since i ca n't seem to find a live performance with mp . 
  your cats fighting and everyone thinking there was an earthquake . 
  such shame . 
  i think that it is one of their best songs . 
  it is such a great combination of all other songs from the suite but still has its own character . 
  breaks my heart seeing how nice and humble he was . 
  i actually had n't seen any interviews of his . 
  most useless post i 've seen recently . 
  oh wow , had n't seen that one . 
  check if i have actually locked my car / apartment . 
  or a turtle . 
  watch `` senna '' ( the 2010 one ) even if you dont follow f1 or motorsport in general . 
  `` i origins '' i do n't really believe in reincarnation but dayum ... dem feels : (, 
  `` the best of times '' by dream theater, 
  past me . 
  and say to myself : `` march 30 to april 6 , 2014 . 
  do n't fuck it up !!! '', 
  i do n't really understand why there is a hashtag . 
  ca n't say that it is the most apropriate thing to put there . 
  absolutely agree with you , such a tribute is more appropriate than using a hashtag for such an ocasion . 
  even if they have left only the jb17 it would have been a better option . 
  just my opinion . 
  ofcourse it is not exciting . 
  where is the fun in a mclaren these days ? 
  yup . 
  pretty much what i think of it . 
  lol , hamilton bitching about rosberg again while it was clearly his mistake . 
  those two have something going on . 
  expect perez to send pastor airborne sometime in the next few races . 
  what a great man !, 
  took both mercedes cars out . 
  did n't get a penalty ( did n't deserve one ) . 
  and still got a podium . 
  dear god , i had actually forgotten that liuzzi even raced in f1 . 
  wonder how many other drivers i do n't remember . 
  thanks to f1 challenge 99-02 which i am playing at the moment ( and having great fun ) i know about yoong . 
  bourdais i remember quite well . 
  it ticks all the right boxes . 
  it 's fun , challenging ( i play on keyboard ) and has v10 cars . 
  i wish there was a `` modern '' f1 challenge 99-02 . 
  [ something like this , but better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqixc5n7yic ), 
  yup . 
  its impossible to drive without tc sadly . 
  i remember playing an f1 game on my phone ages ago and i swear alonso finished 5th every single time .
