  save it before fom takes it down !, 
  well , that 's a long known fact . 
  is it me or was he 3 wheeling it around the hairpin ? 
  nice !, 
  active aerodynamics . 
  the blue audi r8 v10 becomes the current generation mid scene . 
  lol, 
  the blue r8 changes generation mid scene . 
  lol, 
  i really enjoy those `` 11 moments from ... gp '' fom started posting . 
  always great to see some raw footage . 
  well they toured quite a bit the last few years . 
  there were some mentions of them maybe making a new album but nothing serious so far . 
  they seem to be taking a break this year . 
  yup !, 
  i am sorry if this has been asked before . 
  but why are audi , porsche and toyota running only 2 cars this year ? 
  i know it 's a red flag and there is n't much action but having commercial breaks every 5 minutes is a little much , eurosport . 
  huh , nice to see someone from / r/formula1 around . 
  so much for ric not crashing . 
  doing a vettel impression . 
  lol, 
  lol i am not even watching quali but i understand you perfectly . 
  plz do n't , then it hits us . 
  rosberg bins it at the castle . 
  i fucking called it yesterday in henno 's twitch chat . 
  lol, 
  i said toyota would pull a peugeot near the end . 
  the bulgarian commentator reacted really emotionally . 
  * this plastics is extreeemly dangerous and may attack at any time , so ve must deel vit it *, 
  u/bottaswmr nico smacking his face, 
  lol , thanks : ), 
  should have called it toyota ts23 :56, 
  actually it 's showing 2nd . 
  i love 6:31 when they cut to the porsche garage . 
  lol, 
  poor guys . 
  maybe next time : (, 
  yup , that 's us . 
  i just hope someone does n't post the 599 from thus year 's premium rally . 
  looks like it did . 
  it is total bullshit . 
  i accidentally press the `` next '' button or the slider all the time . 
  old one was perfect . 
  fair enough . 
  oh , god . 
  i do n't know how i have not seen this before . 
   * i 've shat a tractor . 
  i am not a freak . 
  lol, 
  nerf mercedes pls, 
  glad you visited our humble little place . 
  nice photos : ), 
  now we go into the 1:06 , bois . 
  edit : turns out we go into the wall , bois . 
  that 's just the new rear-wheel steering . 
  holy fuck , penn sounds just like matt farah . 
  * fun boobs *, 
  pirelli send their regards . 
  i think this is the first time i 'm happy that a season is so short . 
  pls do n't look at bulgarian stats . 
  death by totonator . 
  thank you !!, 
  this is the best thing you 've done mr. evans . 
  i actually kinda enjoyed this episode ( i do n't watch the guests part this season ) . 
  i got ta say it deserved a bit more viewers . 
  it just flies . 
  whenever i listen to it , it feels like its 10-15 minutes long . 
  same with in the name of god and stream of consciousness ( they feel like 8-9 minutes ) . 
  a change of seasons for me . 
  rip on-boards in 2017, 
  holy crap , ted please shut the fuck up already . 
  let that shit go . 
  change it to train of thought 2 and we have a deal, 
  this train has no brakes !, 
  thank you for this vital piece of information . 
  it is known . 
  brazil 2003 , like wtf was that race . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/5ylgocefo3bdjw1zvfu/giphy.gif ), 
  how does one choose between bai and octavarium . 
  damn ... 
  yes, 
  glad i could help !, 
  yeah , in the end i voted for octavarium for that reason but still i rank bai pretty high . 
  i almost want to buy and xbox and the game just for that . 
  true . 
  forgot about that . 
  i do n't really find a need for it . 
  i personally have spotify opened all the time so if i want to hear a part of a song that is mentioned for example , i can check it instantly . 
  alonso will be the second to retire . 
  sucks to be us . 
  o shit , waddup, 
  oh man , thanks for posting this . 
  i love how hakkinen returns with an empty pitcher , lol . 
  have to say , spending some time on that sub really made me more aware of my surroundings . 
  and also i am sure i never want to go to brazil . 
  fuck that place . 
  hey i see you are from bg too . 
  a well deserved win i guess . 
  glad that bai made it so far , its a solid track .
