  to be honest i do n't hear a difference between flac or not with my cheap-ass headphones , so yeah . 
  ofcourse . 
  this is why there is a map . 
  jp and jr said that on the release date the site will be updated and the meaning of every song to the story will be described . 
  i already have arthritis so i can crack these bad boys all i want . 
  but i want to stop cracking my jaw . 
  i catch myself doing it all the time . 
  vacant and mob . 
  i ca n't get mob out of my head right now . 
  and i have exams fml, 
  nice !, 
  in no order :, 
  1 . fatal tragedy, 
  2 . in the presence of enemies pt .1, 
  3 . these walls, 
  4 . hollow years ( live at budokan ), 
  5 . on the backs of angels, 
  yup . 
  lyrics are very important here . 
  but i still might cave in and listen to some songs . 
  dammit . 
  i still have n't made up my mind if i want to listen to it when it leaks . 
  if the lyric booklet leaks with it i definitely will . 
  fuck it !!!, 
  i 'm doing it !!, 
  uhm . 
  how exactly is he trolling . 
  lol the seeking has not given any results yet sadly . 
  i am losing faythe . 
  i have to go aleep and i have the suspicion it will leak when i am asleep . 
  well i was right . 
  and now when i came to this subreddit and r/ravenskill this is [ what i saw ] ( https://33.media.tumblr.com/f6e31f35d88833de6f927d13b5e98b92/tumblr_inline_nkg4rlymwj1rl4h80.gif ), 
  now if only i find a quality dl . 
  lol * this account 's links are generating too much traffic and have been temporarily disabled !, 
  yup , buying it as soon as i see it in a shop . 
  no way i am missing out on owning this . 
  lol even nafaryus is wondering what all the hype is about . 
  i loved this :, 
  '' * we 'll be here a while . 
  * do you recognise me ? 
  * look into my eyes !, 
  * i 'm the face of fear . 
  i like the sound of number 11 . 
  i got it from here . 
  it was posted in another thread . 
  got it earlier . 
  already heard disc 1 . 
  * kneel before nafaryus !!!, 
  i love how james sings nafaryus 's parts . 
  it is ~ ~ amazing ~ ~ astonishing . 
  2:57 from when your time has come is the same as 4:04 in the spirit carries on, 
  bug is love . 
  bug is life . 
  lol best moment of the album . 
  this stream was the best thing ever !, 
  have n't had that much fun in a while . 
  [ always remember bug !!, 
  ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/azortharion/v/37781806?t=05h14m05s ), 
  the only lyrics that matter . 
  in the path that divides we missed a line . 
  in the end when daryus speaks . 
  after `` xander 's dreams '' there is `` you chose the wrong man to betray '' . 
  okay . 
  hey , you have obviously been in the stream , but what was your username . 
  i do n't remember seeing you with this one :d, 
  i have to admit , when i found out it was mostly ballads i was disappointed . 
  but when i actually heard it , i loved it . 
  i love b. . . uhm , nafaryus . 
  but i am a little bit disappointed that he lost his sass in the end . 
  i also really like the ending of the x aspect :, 
  * and through these blood-stained eyes i see the light *, 
  * a better life is worth the sacrifice *, 
  [ watcha say , boi ? 
  lol :d, 
  okay . 
  i believe it was nafaryus ' nickname/stage name when he made music . 
  holy fuck , the shitposting has no end today . 
  maybe he did n't love his brother . 
  the son of a bitch wanted to betray him . / s, 
  check 2:57 from when your time has come and 4:04 from the spirit carries on, 
  arhys wants to free the people of the empire with the help of his brother 's ( gabriel ) beautiful voice . 
  emperor bug gets the news about gabriel . 
  he does n't know if he is a threath so he and his family go to a concert at the sqaure to hear him sing ( and to display power ) . 
  when gabriel sees lord naf 's daughter ( faythe ) he falls in love with her ( she does too ) . 
  daddy bug is pissed about that , and gives 3 days to gabriel to surrender . 
  faythe realises that the people are suffering and wants to help gabriel free them . 
  she goes to ravenskill to see him and tell him her plan . 
  her brother ( daryus ) follows her there . 
  faythe meets xander , arhys and then gabriel . 
  daryus sneaks into arhys ' house and captures xander . 
  arhys walks in and daryus tells him that if he gives up gabriel , xander will be provided a better life . 
  arhys thinks about it , and he remembers he has sworn his late wife ( evangeline ) to give xander freedom , so he decides to betray his brother . 
  daryus wants to capture gabriel himself because he gets less attention than faythe ( supposedly ) . 
  gabriel is lured into heaven 's cove where the betrayal will take place . 
  daryus and arhys are already there but arhys realises what a great mistake he has made . 
  he decides that after all he will not betray gabriel and turns agains daryus . 
  a fight breaks out and arhys is killed . 
  xander had followed his dad to heaven 's cove and becomes a withess to his death . 
  someone is coming up to daryus but because it is dark and the shadow is hiding it 's face he thinks it is gabriel so daryus stabs the shadow only to realise that the shadow is faythe . 
  gabriel gives off a massive scream when he sees fayhte dead/dying and hurts his voice .
