  the royal family begs him to use his talent and bring her to life , but he ca n't . 
  then everyone sings together and she is miraculosly revived . 
  lord naf sees the light and decides that he will become a good guy and they all create a new world together . 
  they turn off the nomacs , dead arhys tells his brother to look after x. 
  everyone lived in ethernal harmony and their lives were astonishing again . 
  * the end . 
  uhm , i think the path that divides makes it really obvious who died . 
  i mean , it is mentioned in the end . 
  ca n't wait to go buy it tomorrow . 
  i already heard it , but i am still hyped . 
  i am so hyped that nafaryus wants to see what the hype is all about . 
  noxon said that the whole album takes palce in only 3 places : the palace , ravenkill and heaven 's cove . 
  and i had so high expectations about the crooked lake . 
  i want to ask , how strongly is the booklet glued ? 
  would it be possible to get it off without doing too much damage to it ? 
  thanks man !, 
  you know what ? 
  i wanted daddy bug to crush the rebels and live happily in his castle . 
  they missed such and opportunity . 
  [ i like that someone else later made him laugh by showing him the video of this guy making him laugh . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiv24dgmqcs ), 
  credit goes to u/incendiarylemon88, 
  i think i will miss maldo : (, 
  yeah , i thought there would be more to them . 
  i expected more from the nomac tracks , i really only liked the first one . 
  it must be a mistake . 
  it proves we are better in deciphering lyrics ( and who sang them ) than them . 
  you the real mvp , man . 
  seriously , that livestream made me appreaciate and understand the album + it was a ton of fun . 
  ca n't wait till the next album comes out so we can do it again . 
  it is already up for me . 
  enjoy !, 
  edit : i guess it is available at midnight for your time zone . 
  it is 00:07 here and it was not up before that, 
  i am so tempted to ask about bug . 
  hello , john !, 
  greetings from bulgaria . 
  the astonishing is amazing !, 
  well done !, 
  i want to ask you something about the map . 
  as far as i understand most of the story takes place in only 4 or 5 places . 
  is the rest of the map somehow relevant to the story ? 
  like does somebody cross the crooked lake ? 
  also , one more question . 
  do you remember bug ? 
  well i personally prefer mp to mm , but i freaking love this album . 
  i 've been listening to it nos-stop for the last few days . 
  i did n't get my question answered : ( . 
  happy release day !, 
  this is a great album !, 
  `` i remember a time when you too possessed faythe 's romantic innocence and passion for life 's unexplored mysteries ... bug . '' says arabelle to her husband . 
  it is then that faythe realizes that the word `` bug '' inscribed on the back of her music player was referring to her father and that it once belonged to him !, 
  it had been given to him as a gift by his own father who shared the same secret affinity for music made by humans as faythe eventually would . 
  as a very young boy , nafaryus was always zipping in and out of the palace halls and buzzing around his father 's feet trying to get the busy emperor 's attention ( hence the nickname ` bug ' ) . 
  and we have an explanation about lord bug :, 
  `` i remember a time when you too possessed faythe 's romantic innocence and passion for life 's unexplored mysteries ... bug . '' says arabelle to her husband . 
  it is then that faythe realizes that the word `` bug '' inscribed on the back of her music player was referring to her father and that it once belonged to him !, 
  it had been given to him as a gift by his own father who shared the same secret affinity for music made by humans as faythe eventually would . 
  as a very young boy , nafaryus was always zipping in and out of the palace halls and buzzing around his father 's feet trying to get the busy emperor 's attention ( hence the nickname ` bug ' ) . 
  i think this image is in the very bottom of this page . 
  i wonder if it can be pulled from the code ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
  somebody on dtf alreday got it . 
  here you go :, 
  edit 2 : moar !, 
  i just shit myself near the end . 
  and again when dystipian overture starts . 
  he is amazing . 
  i think it is actually him that makes the album for me . 
  so many great moments . 
  ending of the path that divides . 
  from `` you dare defy the prince ? '', 
  i cant stop listening to it . 
  dammit , i 've seen it before and right as i realised what it was the freaking guy winces . 
  i seriously ca n't choose between the two . 
  both are really strong and both have some imperfections . 
  maybe act 1 because i feel that towards the end act 2 kinda draws out a bit too much . 
  yes , i was saying that act 2 gets too drawn out . 
  god dammit , why do we always get bad rep because of some shitheads . 
  first i listened to it with no lyrics and liked some songs and bits . 
  then i followed the lyrics and it clicked . 
  the story was a little confusing for me the first time . 
  `` you dare defy the prince ? 
  well you just threw your life away, 
  along with xander 's dreams, 
  you chose the wrong man to betray, 
  two hungry warriors clash in the shadows of the night, 
  but that 's the cost to every fight, 
  and arhys ' fight for hope, 
  cost him his very life . '', 
  lol, 
  do n't worry guys , they compensated with a yellow floor . 
  the jpeg is real . 
  translation : `` we made a shit livery and based on your reaction we are going to change it . '', 
  certainly in the top 5 for now . 
  it may go lower though , after it has sunk in . 
  dream theater - train of thought, 
  dream theater - metropolis pt .2 scenes from a memory, 
  dream theater - images and words, 
  system of a down - toxicity,
