  this is what i want to see from drivers ( not exactly swearing at charlie ) , their true emotions . 
  i do n't like 2016 . 
  and they have already developed their 2017 car . 
  well ... fuck . 
  toxicity . 
  i ca n't even say how happy i am . 
  i got into them after they broke up and have been waiting for this ever since . 
  man , i wish the p9 had an all-black version like the p9 lite . 
  it looks so badass . 
  i have a p9 titanium grey and it looks nice too but you ca n't beat black . 
  did mercedes get another garage ? 
  as i am is not a bad song in any means but out of all the songs they could have done they chose that one ? 
  aaaand my isp cut off my internet on sunday when their offices do n't work . 
  fml, 
  inb4 ham falls asleep and crashes out, 
  well done massa, 
  who is cutting onions ? 
  dongles . 
  man i wish they got montoya as their `` stig '' . 
  how cool would that have been . 
  harris used the normal tires as well and at the end they showed a lap time with the sticky ones that was much faster . 
  i was hoping for montoya . 
  that would have been amazing . 
  ha , i do n't know exactly why but i really like this song . 
  also there is one bulgarian band that sounds pretty similar to soad ( i think they did a few tribute gigs a long time ago ) . 
  they suck balls but i was really confused when i heard them on the radio the first time . 
  daniil kvyat has really let himself go . 
  i get they are big in scandinavia but can we get a few shows in eastern europe as well ? 
  i hope they decide to come our way next year . 
  [ use headphones ] ( https://youtu.be/ub_x502wqxm ), 
  `` lewis fan here '', 
  no way !, 
  this is the end . 
  i still ca n't fully comprehend what just happened . 
  it would have been great to watch nico fight for another championship but i guess he is satisfied with what he has achieved . 
  i always liked him and this decision has only gained him more respect from me . 
  i wonder if he would have done the same if he won the title in 2014 . 
  i want to believe . 
  username checks out . 
  `` this hole !, 
  it was made for me ! '', 
  bulgaria too , neighbour . 
  get 1-2 titles with merc now while they are still in their strong cycle . 
  then go to ferrari when its their turn to be strong win a few more championships there . 
  ferrari fall out . 
  go to merc again and drive around for a few seasons . 
  retire and never go skiing . 
  he even picked up those `` fucking plastics '' during the well done baku gp . 
  i started listening to opeth less than a year ago and enjoy both their new and old style . 
  i love the harsh vocals from before but i am also glad we can hear more of mikael 's beautiful voice in the newer albums . 
  my facourite track off of the albums is the devil 's orchard . 
  that is some title, 
  alex surveyed us all, 
  bruh ... that is my dream . 
  although i would really like to hear itnog too . 
  i 'm pretty sure archaeologists have found ancient scripts that say `` next year is ferrari 's year . '', 
  you are not alone . 
  if they do n't come here my other choice would be to find a cheap flight to birmingham and see them there . 
  maurizio wants to meet leonardo just so he could help design the new car . 
  / r/aww, 
  i liked it from the first listen ( probably aided by hype ) , then listened it through a few more times . 
  and then i just kinda stopped playing it . 
  i still listen to a few songs ocasionally but do n't really see myself listening to the whole thing in one go any time soon . 
  i freaking loved the livestream we did trying to figure out the lyrics when the leak came out . 
  so many great moments and it was actually the best thing that came from the album for me . 
  i hope we do the same thing when a new album comes . 
  first half was great , but those prank calls ... just please do n't do it anymore . 
  oh , it actually looks so much betyer with the leather strap . 
  nice combination, 
  more like `` vulgar display of power '', 
  well i peraonally want only the sound of the v10 back , not the whole formula . 
  this is the first gen, 
  oh lol , i knew this would be here . 
  but seriously the last 2 albums were n't anything * astonishing * . 
  holy fak , now ~ $ 1 a liter does n't seem that bad for me . 
  the pain is real . 
  * gives hug *, 
  not sure but it looks like there are not going to be more dates . 
  and they said they would n't make us wait long for them again ;( (, 
  but ... black and white kerbs . 
  * `` let me think of an exciting livery ... 
  i got it , it 's going to be half gray '' *, 
  i like the liveries , do n't get me wrong . 
  and this is the story of how the next dt album became an instrumental album . 
  i think we just found mp 's username . 
   like someone took away his ~ ~ tennis ball . ~ ~ monaco win, 
  a tree and a dog so far . 
  not looking good . 
  i 've said it before and i will say it again . 
  i admire mangini as a drummer , he is flawless and is capable of incredible things behind that set but portnoy had something extra . 
  he had that special connection with the audience and the other members of the band . 
  i almost feels as if he was playing backstage during a show you would n't even notice him not being out there . 
  that jorg gray looks sweet . 
  but , bruh ... your engines . 
  judging by bahrain , he 's already stopped letting ham do it . 
  answer : it would look like a 2002 arrows . 
  nope . 
  on the second replay when we are onboard the car you can see a red light that changes to green above the car . 
  that dude has the job to press a button when the wheels have been secured to the car . 
  when he pushes the button the light changes from red to green , which means that the wheels are fitted to the car and the driver is free to go .
