  they do this countless times . 
  if nobody is in contact with the tire then its ready . 
  i would say every person working on a pit stop has an equally important job , as they are all doing something that is essential for a successful stop . 
  lol , what, 
  i hope they finally do well and get out of this cycle . 
  same on the number 7, 
  well yeah , because he hit the barrier in the first place . 
  well i guess its better for them to go out than struggle to find money every year . 
  that said i would have really wanted to see them racing in 2017 . who is going to give us posters now ? 
  bruh , how does one not like the ministry of lost souls . 
  dirge does it for me ( and most of damnation , but that is a given ), 
  going from the description here are a few possibilities . 
  but some are ros not ham . 
  [ this is what i think you mean ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hs9nrp4.jpg?1 ), 
  you could also check / r/f1porn if you do n't find the image in this thread . 
  probably filming day, 
  this is one of my favourites . 
  great job !, 
  looks good but i think that if the outlines separating the red from the yellow were thicker and maybe a lighter colour it would sit better . 
  good job though . 
  damn , year and a half short ... 
  how did james cope with acos ? 
  man , daniil kvyat has really let himself go since he got back to toro rosso . 
  there was the exact same thread a few days ago . 
  just saying . 
  if only dream theater was in the playlists . 
  will stevens ' ... 
  what ? 
  scania f1 team, 
  i am glad to hear he sings `` seasons change , so can i '' the way it is on the studio version . 
  gp2 flames , gp2 flames, 
  first time watching b12 . 
  pretty awesome but its now 3pm here and i have to sleep : /, 
  will shoot for 5hrs , lol . 
  i kinda see where you are coming from but crashing your team out of the race is not really a `` minor error '' . 
  and you missed the whole point of `` do not editorialise '', 
  i have a question . 
  does n't this defeat the purpose of open wheel racing ? 
  yeah , still sleepy . 
  i meant , is n't that not open wheel racing anymore ? 
  cover the wheels , add a closed cockpit . 
  looks more like an electric lmp with bits of bodywork missing . 
  voices, 
  ah , good old bulgaria . 
  i like it but i does n't have the replay value . 
  a few separate tracks are good to listen to on their own but i do n't see myself listening to the whole thing anytime soon . 
  and best of all . 
  no sharkfin !, 
  am i the only one who thinks the f12 looked much better and more elegant . 
  f12 , 458 and i think even the 488 are such good looking cars . 
  shame that they are going only after power and track times now . 
  the 4 stop lights look good on the gtc4 but i ca n't say the same here . 
  maybe seeing it live will change my mind . 
  i do n't usually like ferrari 's official photos . 
  yeah , i think that seeing it in person would do that . 
  ferrari 's photos have always been absolute shit . 
  i have to say , i did n't think that kind of flared rear wing would look good . 
  but god damn that is sexy . 
  dirge was just made to be played during rain . 
  great job . 
  i am giving all the love i can to sc . 
  i find myself coming back to it frequently . 
  woah , that gold . 
  everyone is dying to see the car so i am going to talks some more bullcrap . 
  looks killer, 
  needs a little bit more blue on the front half of the car . 
  the endplates are n't enough . 
  anyone think we will see a step nose ? 
  the step ( hump ) can be higher up as it is on the force india, 
  its hapening, 
  seriously , that was the best reveal yet . 
  straight to the point . 
  and that is how you paint a shark fin . 
  orange wing , purple car confirmed, 
  i guess rb will have gone with that too . 
  i love the white barge boards . 
  reminds me of early 2000s, 
  huh , nice catch . 
  i did n't see that . 
  also the airbox is tiny, 
  colourwise - maybe . 
  but colour is definetly not the most important thing here, 
  `` but ... muh karma '', 
  lmao marussia is back, 
  ferrari 's airbox is pretty small too . 
  well there is some white . 
  i miss the white : ( still looks good though, 
  the other pic did n't do it justice . 
  that is the left endplate showing . 
  and the car is te rb12, 
  so satisfying, 
  well there are still 9 minutes to go, 
  i expected the car to be on time , having such a name . 
  exactly what i thought . 
  those sidepods make it look like one so much, 
  you know you can sort the comments by newest right ? 
  well , i am dropping in an out and all i have to do is just sort by new and refresh the page every once in a while . 
  we should just leave the race streams to lewis . 
  sensors to measure the air flow comming off of the front wing . 
  for now he is just sitting in the car inside the garage with the camera pointet at his face .
