  good work, 
  wow , i did n't like the previous generations but this looks amazing !, 
  my god , the part when pause died , yip came to the pole and at the exacr moment the guy who killed yip for the hat got there was freaking hilarious . 
  have n't had such a good laugh soon . 
  hope they play more together , they make a great team , 
  perfect !, 
  now are mercedes hiding their pace . 
  or ferrari have done good . 
  carbon fiber . 
  when a man got to go , a man got to go, 
  i actually think it looks great . 
  better than the 458 even . 
  i never liked how the back of it looked and those stupid moustaches . 
  thanks for helping the children and giving us 3 more episodes . 
  this actually looks quite good . 
  i would like to see one based on the mk7, 
  season 3 was so good ... 
  seems like the 365 vlogs thing did n't work out . 
  i like how he had a radio station but still shouted out that he shot him . 
  wait when did they play again ? 
  did not expect that . 
  aerials or holy mountains . 
  i would really like to see what dt can add to these songs . 
  expect alonso to have grey hair in the end of this season ( maybe earlier , if not already ), 
  it went back to italy . 
  the feels . 
  keep fighting , champion !, 
  a change of seasons is definitely one of my favourite tracks . 
  another world ( v. ) is just amazing . 
  give the live version a try too , it was the last song of the scenes from new york concert but , boy they perform it beautifuly . 
  great !, 
  is there a making of octavarium ? 
  oh man , i am so excited for a new album . 
  i am just worried about the vocals . 
  serj still has an amazing voice but i do n't knnow how it will fit back in soad 's songs . 
  ca n't wait to see what will they come up with . 
  yeah , i enjoy his solo albums too . 
  and if you think daron was stoned in 2010 see some of their early 2000s shows . 
  that is the real deal :d, 
  kvyat the boss, 
  season 3 < 3 them feels, 
  a change of seasons by dream theater, 
  oh man , i feel bad for laughing at this . 
  but the way it just took off was amazing . 
  wow , i think i would have given up after the 3rd correction . 
  i would n't say that i like it more than the studio version but a change of seasons from sfny is just amazing . 
  i have only heard the enemy inside . 
  ( i live in bulgaria ), 
  that might be the best marketing i 've seen . 
  are they building the lotus cars from cheap russian carbon fibre ? 
  well , you lived up to your username . 
  welcome to the feelippines, 
  i hust love how h\u00e4kkinen returns with an empty jug . 
  sometimes when it starts playing in my car on random i am like `` yeah , that is nice '' and then the chorus starts . 
  favourite epic is acos for sure . 
  favourite other song is this is the life mostly because its magical to drive while listening to it ( and dat solo ) . 
  favourite album is probably train of thought . 
  least favourite album ( and i know i will probably get rekt for it ) is six degrees . 
  i just ca n't get into it , although i really like the glass prison and the test that stumped them all . 
  that is some dress . 
  i do n't know if it was intentional or not but i like how bcsl flows into adtoe . 
  one of my personal favourites . 
  holy crap !, 
  how have i not heard of this before the ministry of lost souls is just amazing !, 
  i would have crashed right there at 0:10, 
  maybe even the whole of another world but this part hits me every time . 
  oh look , a fellow bulgarian . 
  that was soe serious air by the aston . 
  i 'm glad they are both ok , this was worse than i expected it to be . 
  yeah , i ca n't decide which is better . 
  i do n't particularly like the way he sings `` seasons change , so can i. 
  hold on boy , no time to cry . '', 
  but it gives it a different sound compared to the studio version which is not so bad after all . 
  did that guy just try bump-drafting . 
  `` every time he overtakes '', 
  massa driving a prius and shit . 
  one of my favourites . 
  just amazing . 
  i used to think that way when i first started listening to some live performances . 
  but now i think that he is a great vocalist and that the songs would not be the same without him . 
  those front tires look a bit too ... big, 
  oh , how i knew it was going to have fake sounds and that it was going to be sped up . 
  who abandons an alpine . 
  if you reverse it , it looks like arrivabene is scaring massa back into the pit . 
  i like labrie , the songs wold n't be the same without him . 
  mangini is a great drummer but i still think that he lacks something mp had . 
  not quite sure what it is but i liked the music they made before . 
  there is not one song from dt12 that i like in its fullness . 
  it just did n't grab me . 
  : ( i hope the new album will be an improvement . 
  yay , soad/serj : ) oh , how i wish for a new album . 
  whut ? 
  :d never learnt russian . 
  but considering they use the same alphabet i may have accidentally written something that has a meaning in russian . 
  `` and i am happy af , because my team us shit right now and i rarely fi ish the races . '', 
  true that . 
  it actually sounds very good . 
  * example of a normal human being * *, 
  come here brother !, 
  the worst part is that i do it without thinking about it most of the time .
