  i am really happy to see how much progress there is in such short time . 
  you have no idea how much i want to help out too . 
  maybe in the near future though . 
  oh yeah i remember when he showed that picture in one of his streams . 
  epic . 
  really like it !, 
  great job !, 
  give this man a cookie . | !, 
  is it me or beacons do n't work . 
  i mean the effects do n't work . 
  i tried every possible way to solve this and it did n't work . 
  well i just recently rewatched the 48hour mindcrack charity stream so suck it twitch !, 
  the audio is muted . 
  secrets have been told . 
  how about those coloured chests . 
  and i can remember the days when i could send him a message on yt and he would actually be able to answer me . 
  he deserves it . 
  * now call up some of the guys from the meat department and make a few episodes with them . 
  aaah i wanted to see the garage . 
  really nice place though . 
  i loved when in a prop hunt episode when they were blocked by a desk infront of a door . 
  pause was shooting at it and died because he thought it was e prop . 
  that was the best laugh in the series maybe . 
  but i ca n't remember which episode it was . 
  can somebody help find it ? 
  he looks like dinnerbone, 
  that trailer is majestic . 
  that was a good troll . 
  i just went out of town and i only have a crappy 3g internet that is limited and i was just about to flip because uhc started . 
  :d touche, 
  uuuumh just search youtube for marchettino . 
  are you guys twins or something . 
  arkas really looks like a car spotter on youtube - marchettino . 
  and left . 
  are you planing to do a soad song in 20 styles ? 
  love from bulgaria !, 
  glad to see you think that way : ), 
  if you get to choose . 
  be sure to snag that huracan  i wish you luck !, 
  best ... series ... 
  ever, 
  perfect . 
  this would be perfect . 
  you must have some beastly internet . 
  coming frmo a guy with a beastly internet . 
  gr8 m8 8/8, 
  it was so loud . 
  my ears still hurt doc . 
  beef needs to get himself one of those bentleys . 
  he looks badass inside it . 
  was that beef 's gf in the `` rally '' car . 
  how do you think he posted a time on the horizon 2 demo then . 
  can someone help me find the episode where rob backed up into a hole and died while looking for pause . 
  edit : found it !, 
  http://youtu.be/cz-yls2gqqs?t=14m50s 14:50, 
  bdubs . 
  something changed . 
  in a bad way . 
  wait what . 
  can you remind me which season was that . 
  look at this photograph . 
  lol, 
  i miss season 3, 
  my god . 
  i ca n't believe it has been almost 2 years from then . 
  i remember it like it was yesterday . 
  sir , you are a legend !, 
  thank you very much * indeed *, 
  chad 's scream at around 8:20 is pure gold . 
  nice . 
  but i really miss team nancy drew in minez . 
  i recently rewatched the series . 
  ca n't believe it has been almost 2 years since . 
  and the worst part is it ended abruptly . 
  a metal version of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qemfqkcpycg, 
  also . 
  i have no idea if this will start playing for you guys but here is the video . 
  there should be an upload on youtube soon . 
  it was a halloween themed concert not quite sure why he picked this outfit though . 
  thanks guy . 
  the guy is a legend . 
  no he is n't . 
  i 'm ashamed we are famous for `` chalga '' . 
  i am scarred for life now . 
  the placebo effect is strong with the viking . 
  rip neighbour 's garage door . 
  you will be missed !, 
  i miss beef in the podcasts . 
  now porsche , lamborghini and pagani need to make the same sort of cars and all of them should make a racing series . 
  i would watch it over f1 anyday ,, 
  much salt . 
  such cockery ( last 5 of team aqua . ), 
  and please do n't blame it on the nether regen , because in the end everyone was in the nether and had regen so they were on level ground . 
  holy mother of god !!, 
  oh man i hate how abruptly minez ended . 
  i just recently rewatched it . 
  it was such a good series . 
  watched this match live . 
  nice to see a legend . 
  he is currently on the front page of reddit .
