  i really miss that part now . 
  pissing next to the track on camera . 
  i 'll cheat a little . 
  1 : as i am, 
  2 : this dying soul, 
  3 : endless sacrifice, 
  4 : honor thy father, 
  1 : vacant flowing into stream of consciousness, 
  2 : in the name of god, 
  if it is like that ( but it will not ) and there is a show in bulgaria , i swear i will be the first to get thickets ( i will probably go regardless though ) . 
  it may be ... 
  not really relevant to your post but ... 
  i am proud i got roadtrain_of_thought on the dt forums the other day . 
  i think i am about to explode . 
  i agee with the first statement . 
  i do n't know how i will wait for ~ 3 months . 
  have n't your peasant parents taught you about * the astonishing * edit button ? 
  i do n't have a single most favourite piece of lyrics , but this one comes to mind :, 
  * blurring the lines between virtue and sin *, 
  * they ca n't tell where god ends and mankind begins *, 
  * they know no other life but this *, 
  * from the cradle they are claimed *, 
  the whole `` another world '' is also one of my favourites . 
  brother !, 
  i just want them to have a show in bg . 
  i am sure they wo n't disappoint me . 
  i just recently rewatched that race and ... damn , what a wild ride it was . 
  i see r/formula1 is represented well here . 
  i now have no idea what is happening anymore . 
  i literally ca n't even . 
  lol , bruno jumping to the conclusion that maldonado spun . 
  * portnoy loses the will to stay in dream theater * lol, 
  it was a wild ride . 
  great review !, 
  beautiful !, 
  love the live version from score . 
  the nomac image is not updated . 
  has been this way all along . 
  i actually tried clicking the eyes in some order but quickly got frustrated . 
  damn . 
  i really liked the bbc coverage of snooker , especially the world championship . 
  this is really good looking . 
  i like it more than the miata . 
  wow . 
  just wow, 
  that tl ; dr is perfect . 
  yes . 
  was a lot into system of a down before i got into dt . 
  i still give them a listen once in a while . 
  i think they are going to make an album sometime in the next years if they get their shit together , which would be really good . 
  i was so excited about their tour this year and it turned out to be such a short one . 
  did n't even come close to bg . 
  my favourite instrumental . 
  i love that recurring riff and the whole track is just perfect in my opinion . 
  the last ~ 2 minutes are pure eargasm . 
  yeah , i love their style . 
  they just pull off such songs like noone else could . 
  it 's a shame they had that hiatus , but i hope they manage to get it together and do one more album . 
  good point about serj 's solo albums . 
  have to say that they are very good . 
  jazz-iz-christ is a little strange to me but it still has some good songs on it . 
  those should be short ( maybe less than a minute ) parts between songs that are related to the nomacs judging by the names of those tracks . 
  this was the first dt song that when i listened to it i thought it is perfect . 
  14 minutes of greatness !, 
  the chorus , the outro , the lyrics - everything is done right . 
  and that budokan outro is amazing !, 
  all in all it is the perfect ending to my favourite album . 
  it is not their best , but i like it . 
  considerably more than the self-titled . 
  fml they have 3 dates in milan and 3 in olslo . 
  just please do a show in bulgaria . 
  please !, 
  my favourite album . 
  the end . 
  everytime this song starts i tell to my self it sounds pretty good . 
  then the chorus comesaand `` aaaah , shit '' . 
  i still like it though . 
  love it !, 
  and you know , the whole backside of the nomacs which is to the left of the center one . 
  well , do n't let them listen to in the name of god then . 
  well , haas is joining so there you go . 
  22 cars, 
  hey !, 
  it 's a shame that i was n't so much into dt to go to the concert last year . 
  love it . 
  i actually quite like sc as a whole . 
  especially tmols and itpoe . 
  this series needs to go on and on and on . 
  hmm , this is actually a good idea . 
  this is why i love this place . 
  i did n't have a clue that this existed . 
  but yeah , it 's not anything special . 
  still pretty cool though . 
  cars . 
  jackpot !!, 
  i do n't hate it but i do n't love it either . 
  do n't mind hearing it once in a while . 
  i have watched this so many times . 
  really good for killing ~ hour and a half, 
  my bulgarian brothers making me proud .
