  \u2611 2girls1rekt, 
  tomorrow ca n't come quick enough . 
  highway song , in my top 3 from sta, 
  good he is wearing brown pants then . 
  people are dicks . 
  apart from harlequin forest and the drapery falls which i see mentioned and i agree with them i would also add godhead 's lament . 
  honorary mention for bleak too . 
  facebook comments in general are pure cancer . 
  mixtape works with hoverzoom and that wins me over . 
   but devil 's orchard heavy . 
  dis gon be gud . 
  he listens to system of a down ? 
  * +100 respect *, 
  woah ... i am torn . 
  [ my personal favourite ] ( https://gfycat.com/vibrantforkedgosling ), 
  max not finishing monaco gp next year confirmed . 
  both have good and not so good song , but hey every album is like that . 
  i personally love listening to heritage and pc when i drive . 
  you got my vote man . 
  made me lol, 
  is there any chance he can go to renault next year ? 
  too high . 
  weight still matters in the corners , and 350kg more is not little . 
  i really enjoyed this . 
  have to admit i have n't heard anything from nm before , but i might give this album a listen when it comes out . 
  got some serious dt vibes from it , almost expected jlb to start singing lol . 
  picture number 9 . 
  i want this in my life . 
  love those exhausts . 
  i just got a new phone and the app was working fine the first day . 
  but yesterday it started saying this . 
  yeah , it happens only on wi-fi . 
  but i can access reddit on my laptop using the same connection . 
  can you help ? 
  did n't work . 
  everything else works . 
  and i do n't have a geo unlocker . 
  strange shit . 
  edit : it just fixed itself now ... 
  thanks for trying to help man !, 
  i appreciate it . 
  thanks !, 
  oh , i was just joking around man . 
  :d do n't sweat it . 
  that 's cheating . 
  i mean a renault will always crash given that palmer drives one . 
  * `` little more than eyecandy , martin axenrot is opeth 's resident `` ladies ' man . '' he his extremely popular with the fans , though the debate still rages over whether he or martin lopez , the fine piece of latin ass he replaced , is the superior . 
  lol, 
  i seem to be missing something ? 
  can you help ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
  figured it out, 
  enjoy, 
  edit : lol , i actually forgot i had a different link copied . 
  do n't know . 
  but i am still waiting for a date in bulgaria :( ( they have n't promised one here as far as i know , though ) . 
  keep checking their schedule they might add something . 
  still life should be a good start . 
  the whole album doe . 
  the deep blue on the renault is just ... wow, 
  ca n't really decide yet , but strange brew and era are probably my favourite for now . 
  `` do n't fuck up in the two weeks after 30.03.2014 or i 'll knock you out m8 . '', 
  a little , but i just ca n't help it . 
  same thing happened with the astonishing earlier this year , and that leaked only 4-5 days before release . 
  my favoutite documentary . 
  it is just so well made . 
  watched it a few times and then i found out there was anothet audio stream with commentary . 
  that will be 10,000 $ . 
  those live tracks from the plovdiv show , right ? 
  fuck , i regret not going so much , it pains me . 
  i wonder why they did n't make that a dvd . 
  anyway i am happy we get to hear some good quality recordings from that show . 
  i just said this in another post but i still ca n't understand why they did n't film a dvd in plovdiv , considering it 's something they 'd never done before , and the setlist was quite good if you ask me . 
  my guess is they will film one next year . 
  yup !, 
  the live tracks are not bad too . 
  first , sorry for your loss . 
  now i know this is long but it 's one of the best songs i 've heard and i think it might help you . 
  [ dream theater - a change of seasons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzkrwjzgg0k ) it 's a song dedicated to the mother of the band 's drummer . 
  also this one [ alter bridge - blackbird ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yz_j7nvcjj0 ), 
  i really enjoyed those . 
  great to pass the time and learn something about the band . 
  well , it is . 
  welp , looks like france is gon na have a good time . 
  at least it was entertaining seeing what new problem the had each time the were in the feed . 
  ethan you know those reactions are real . 
  * those * reactions would be real . 
  i almost think 2nd place is better on this track . 
  imagine next year . 
  max doing a parade lap , he already won, 
  can confirm . 
  lmp1 becoming more and more barren . 
  i hope toyota and porsche run 3 cars next year . 
  it has been that way all season . 
  * original text falls by 89 % in seconds *, 
  or sunday, 
  yup, 
  best bot ever . 
  seriously , twitter videos are cancer \u043en mobile for me at least . 
  this was the single best radio message i have ever heard in f1 .
