  what the hellllll !, 
  not sure if button peed in the seat . 
  but he definitely shit the bed, 
  first time watching indy !, 
  speed is impressive . 
  watch the bt sport stream . 
  they do n't have ads, 
  is our boy doing gifs for the indy too ? 
  nice !, 
  glad the guys are ok . 
  this looks nasty, 
  the back fell off, 
  that guy going under dixon , holy moly . 
  straight out of a game, 
  do n't know most driver 's names . 
  who is the older gentleman in the bt sport studio ? 
  he looks and sounds so familliar . 
  i think he was in the senna documentary, 
  holy shit . 
  the full speed replay is terrifying, 
  damn , that onboard with no sound made me uncomfortable, 
  honestly , i find it more exciting that today 's monaco gp . 
  this feels more like f1, 
  i think he was there to begin with . 
  he was n't at monaco, 
  f1 engine , f1 engine, 
  come on fernando , take my energy !, 
  that was some 2012 brasil level expression : ( ( ( (, 
  have one for me too . 
  preferably a whole bottle, 
  memes won today , but this failure hurt more than all of the f1 ones :(, 
  such an incredible performance from alonso !, 
  he was running in the top 4 for so long . 
  i hope he gets a bit of good luck in f1 or indy shall he return . 
  nando hype train derailed and has already burned to a crisp, 
  only , they will fail at the ford chicane on the last lap, 
  been a great race guys !, 
  thanks for the hospitality but this race broke my heart :(, 
  suicide hotline *, 
  `` i 'm never happy when ferrari win '' lmao, 
  hamilton seems to be forgetting quite a bit of team orders from merc, 
  oh god , i still feel like 2010 was 2-3 years ago . 
  ooh , i have never actually seen what that crash did to him . 
  now i understand why he has been struggling with the continuation of his racing career, 
  better idea . 
  every 10 laps they stop on the grid slots and do a standing start . 
  it just works . 
  very fun to drive and rewarding when you get it right . 
  `` look at this shitbox i drove for a season '', 
  was surprised to see those billboards along with the one with nando pop up in my country . 
  a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one . 
  the rsr sounds amazing !, 
  have they looked up the meaning of `` parity '' ? 
  til : decade  eternity, 
  i have never heard of him or the other rider that died at this year 's tt but i have nothing but respect for the people who know how dangerous this is and still chase their dream . 
  thoughts go out to both their families . 
  -0.3 for me , i want to see how that works . 
  that was brilliant !, 
  never seen this before . 
  sign me up !, 
  guess i 'll be running my clio at next year 's le mans , bois . 
  huh , some interesting bits there . 
  especially when bran watches the creation of the nightking . 
  * insert `` unlucky for some '' here *, 
  wait , didnt mikael sing the growly bit at the end of a nightmare to remember ? 
  or has he made more than one appearances wiht dt ? 
  they will do it when it matters most . 
  qualy or race, 
  bottas is almost always 0.00 x behind or infront of somebody . 
  this guy, 
  nothing crazy about it . 
  happens every time you flip a car on gta vice city, 
  ah , thanks . 
  did n't know about that one . 
  unlucky for some, 
  wtf is that thing with kvyat 's penalties, 
  brundle 's reaction to alonso 's dnf, 
  so they are saying vettel has the psychological advantage ? 
  damn , the fullhd bricks my laptop :d shame, 
  no track action for 35 more minutes . 
  i had forgotten what it was to watch lemans, 
  what a monster of a lap !!, 
  i support porsche but that was blazingly fast . 
  so are the safety cars still audis this year ? 
  i 've seen some bmw x m cars in the pitlane . 
  huh , thanks . 
  i would 've guessed porsches would replace the audis . 
  i 'm not really a fan of that `` full electric stretch '' . 
  what is the point of it ? 
  i was 2 weeks old when the first book was released . 
  ca n't imagine waiting that long for a story to be finished . 
  welp , hope you do better at the exam . 
  i love that run after the castle section . 
  can i have some \u0430\u0439\u0440\u044f\u043d with that banitsa ? 
  i 've watched the vsauce video on the paradox a few times and still have no idea what is going on . 
  i have ' t listened to a song from ta for a long time now . 
  i 'll mostly remember that album for the super fun session we had on twitch with a couple of other guys from here , trying to figure out the lyrics when the leak happened . 
  i still * remember bug *, 
  probably wo n't need to do one for merc if they win the championship , as they do the same thing every time, 
  massa playing on easy with all assists on,
