albert speer would probably like it . 
  ha , i knew that . 
  if the question was - what foreign government do you hate - i think us would come near the top in serbia but at the same time i 'm sure most of your friends and family are happy and proud you work over there . 
  just a paradox of living in this world . 
  he 's from serbia but lives abroad in a country that is a traditional serbian ally , like russia or something like that and this is why he needs to cover the larger area . 
  well , has anyone been cought * in flagranti * - with the remote in his hands ? 
  edit - in the meantime i have found at several places about shvercerat , albanian group from macedonia posting pictures of themselves with the drone . 
  is there yugoslavia on the list ? 
  edit - just checked , there 's no yugoslavia but they have ` serbia & montenegro ' . 
  nice touch . 
  he was released , but not because of his passport . 
  [ brother of albanian prime minister edi rama has been released ] ( http://inserbia.info/today/2014/10/brother-of-albanian-pm-i-am-an-american-citizen-and-you-cannot-do-anything-to-me/ )  according to a source from the ministry of interior of the republic of serbia , the albanian delegation was released on grounds that defense counsel could not be provided for them , due to the lawyers ' strike . 
  the same source stated that prosecution will decide how to proceed with this case at a later date . 
  well , yes , sorry , i think i jumped the gun too fast . 
  but on the other hand , we can say nokia boarded the smartphone boat but missed the smatphone train . 
   are you for real ? 
  nokia had tons of smartphones before apple . 
  is this a conversation from 2007 ? 
  have i dreamt about ipad , android and apple watch ? 
  if you still think nokia having smatphones before other companies is somehow relevant then you guys are in bigger trouble than i thought . 
  aa + wo n't last too long . 
  croatia - anchor asks if there are any news from bruxelles and the reporter is just counting - one , two , three , four , five , ... ten . 
  and he 's counting with the singing voice . 
  must have been very cold . 
  i went to paris once and never coming back . 
  and the 17 year old girl who died is a young actress lara safran . 
  no eiffel tower visible on the picture , therefore this is not paris . 
  makes sense . 
  peoples tragedy : the russian revolution . 
  and everybody was outraged - bastards , how could they ? 
  few years ago i was reading a book about old russia and as i started my view was like that - redneck bastards killed the poor tsar , his poor wife and all those innocent kids . 
  well , as i was progressing through the book and all the stupid things the tsar did i was constantly looking at remaining pages - would they kill him already ? 
  it was unbearable , just thinking about the misery poor russians had to endure and especially the suffering during wwi , man , rasputin and attacks on german machineguns with wooden guns , mass murders of hungry workers of stpetrsbourg , you name it , there was no other possibility for russians but to go full retard , kill the tsar and bring someone like lenin . 
  yet there is n't award for [ best bacon in a restaurant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/2cftea/croatia_is_this_really_how_you_bacon/cjfl2nd ) . 
  crna ruka was a secret/terrorist serbian organisation and you ca n't expect from someone with such a name to be 100 % objective in ethnic matters . 
   ... when serbians decided to ... to tell the truth , it was n't like all of the serbs decided on referendum about anything . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 with his friends decided in their name and then unleashed massive propaganda on their poor souls . 
   sounds like a great idea !, 
  and the timing is just perfect . 
  on top of syria , libya , iraq , afganistan and now ukraine and gaza i have just heard things are starting to heat up again in nagorno karabah . 
  so , a little war or fight in bosnia would perfectly fit in today 's world . 
  let us all celebrate 100 years of wwi properly . 
  yep , we have no tax here . 
  one $ is one $ no matter how you look at it . 
  life is so good , no corruption in the government , public services work like a charm . 
  oh , and no unemployment . 
  if you need a job you can have it . 
  did i forget something ? 
  the weather is fantastic . 
   what \u00b4 s the point of learning french anyways ? 
  you can watch dorcel tv and finally understand what 're they talking about . 
   wherever there is a nude beach in denmark , you 're guaranteed to find 100 mature nude germans . 
  like this ? 
  all terrorist have similar excuses and all love to say : the end justifies the means . 
  i do n't know . 
  motives do n't make a terrorist , methods do . 
  this is from wikipedia :  at 10:10 am , franz ferdinand 's car approached and \u010cabrinovi\u0107 threw his bomb . 
  the bomb bounced off the folded back convertible cover into the street . 
  [ 63 ] the bomb 's timed detonator caused it to explode under the next car , putting that car out of action , leaving a 1-foot-diameter ( 0.30 m ) , 6.5-inch-deep ( 170 mm ) crater , and wounding 16 -- 20 people . 
  when you throw a bomb near innocent bystanders you ca n't say i 'm doing this because i ca n't vote . 
   economic suicide to go to war ... that is what russia did , in 1913 some 90 % of their exports went from black sea ports and trough the isthmus of istanbul . 
  declaring war on turkey was beyond stupid . 
  great book , looks like gavrilo princip was a stupid schmuk and could be viewed as a naive terrorist . 
  on the other hand , a few generals in germany and austria are to blame for the start of the war . 
  they even lied to the kaizer and the emperor and the event just shows what happens when military establishment is not checked by civil government . 
  then the war start in france showed the same story : generals lying to the prime minister . 
  the story went from ` you do n't need to mess with military affairs you do n't understand ' to ` hell , germans are only a few miles from eiffel tower , you need to evacuate , all is lost . ', 
  then the way the uk went to war and the setbacks and casulties and missunderstandings with french command . 
  or total incompetence in corrupt russian army . 
  anyway , none of this is important today ; otherwise someone could have realized what the bush and his pals were doing in iraq . 
  well , even if the methods of gavrilo and his friends can be seen as debatable , kusturica seeing hypocricy of the ` west ' here is laughable . 
  where did he see monuments of the qaddafi lynch mob ? 
  any streets in your city having the names of the saddam 's hangmen ? 
  how is anyone anywhere is turning them into heroes ? 
  and gavrilo and others threw bombs on the street near inocent bystanders , sarajevo dignitaries and other austrian guests . 
  terrorists do n't care much about collateral victims . 
  they care more about impressions they leave than hitting only the single target . 
  freedom fighters would do it differently , most likely attacking an army general when he 's not near his family or friends for example . 
   mr. kusturica 's case for princip is that political assassinations have been common drivers of history , and that westerners who condemn princip but supported the hanging of saddam hussein or the mob killing of muammar el-qaddafi are hypocrites . 
  stupid ignorant idiot . 
  if that 's true than no terrorists ever existed and maybe he should have mentiond those poor nazis hanged in nuremberg too ? 
   this would have been so much better if it was an article on the policies of those anarchists ... no one reads such articles . 
  but this article may intrigue some people to go and search for real data . 
  pretty much where all of our troubles began . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 came to real power because of kosovo , that triggered nationalistic leaders in other ex-yu republics , then that started the war , then politicians got very connected with the mafia and today we have all those bastards still deciding about everything related to money , sports , education , religion , taxes and death . 
  muslims are people , too . 
  all news agencies reported putin 's on the beach . 
   the links you have are not relevant , more people died under the soviets than nazi germany that is a fact . 
  please read the first link he provided . 
  then try to grasp what it means . 
   so unless you think that there will be another world war lasting for years , then your argument is invalid . 
  my argument was not that russia will kill putin , my argument was that even nicholas had very good ratings at the start of the war . 
  kaiser had good ratings , churchill lost elections after his war . 
  it just works that way . 
  each leader is at the top when the war starts . 
  then it 's all downhill from there . 
  ok , no need to go over board here . 
  russians are generally good hearted people , they just pick their leaders poorly . 
  on the other hand , most nations do the same . 
  and they had to leave their kids at home - a precaution to make sure they 'd return back to russia .
