  some 30 years ago i was on vacation with my parents in opatija , at croatian adriatic coast . 
  in the hotel 's elevator my father started talking with two russians . 
  they used english , german and russian to comunicate so i cought few words but was generally confused . 
  as we left the lift i asked my father why did they wait five years to come here ? 
  he told me they waited 5 years for the visa . 
  why on earth we would n't give them visa that long ? 
  no , they waited five years for their government to give them exit visa . 
  i was then confused even more . 
  ratings of tzar nichola ii were sky high in 1914 . 
  three years later russians have killed him . 
  we are a bit north of bunga bunga berlusconi land . 
  he 's looking through the rose colored glasses at our history . 
  i think the average wage was 300 deutche marks , maybe 500 in western parts , white collars were approaching 1000 dm in slovenia and croatia and people with the small businesses , restaurants and fashion shops maybe earned like someone in the west because taxes were so low and easily avoided all together . 
  then came mr. milo\u0161evi\u0107 ... 
  they live under a heavy propaganda . 
  do n't hate the people , hate putin or people around him . 
  if you stop to think about it , bastards at the top use lies to make russians hate you so they can do what they want - rob both you and their own nation for their own profit . 
  something like this ? 
  [ in the dvd commentary , verhoeven states the film 's message : `` war makes fascists of us all . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/starship_troopers_ ( film \\ ) #themes ), 
  same happens everywhere . 
  standard procedure since ancient times : [ agent provocateur ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agent_provocateur ) . 
  we need the war on cold . 
  i do n't know . 
  russian girls i see on the internet in all kinds of nsfw pictorials always smile . 
  ... in the balticans maybe ? 
   according to the pew research center 's new report , only three countries in the world have a net positive opinion of russia : china , vietnam , and ghana . 
  serbia , i am disappoint . 
   they want to send a message . 
  most likey and they want to install some instability in the balkans between muslims and christians because in longer term it could produce a lot of jihadists . 
   okay serious question - why does n't nato send airstrikes , drones and other shit and just obliterates so i am the only one who thinks it is highly ironic a serb is asking why does n't nato obliterate entity who dared to kill one croat ?!, 
  edit - seems like i am the only one . 
  so how does nato bomb isil without killing a lot of civilians ? 
  how to avoid huge amount of collateral demage ? 
  as i remember , 15 years ago when nato bombed serbia , nato were compared to nazis and in serbia they still look at nato with a lot of bad blood because of civilian casualties . 
   an extra 6 % of greek gdp ... that money does not exist , it 's imagined . 
  professionals there will always find ways to avoid taxes and if that 's not possible they 'll shut down their businesses and go abroad or find a job within the government . 
  the root problem is corrupt government , the whole system running the show that is wasting money collected with taxes and anyone in his right mind does not want to feed this animal . 
  in croatia we have this problem too . 
  politicians have their friends and familly members employed in the government agencies doing nothing ( or doing some demage ) and getting payed for it . 
  managers of these agencies are finding ways to leech huge amounts of money from public companies . 
  officials in various places need bribe to do their job . 
  highway mile here is way more expensive than in more organized countries , hospitals buy equipment they do n't need , etc , etc. 
  in short , only those that have no choice pay full taxes . 
  if they force those who create new value to give everything to these bastards , the gdp will fall and the total of tax collected volume would go down as well . 
  in short , there 's no point in increasing taxes until someone fixes spending of collected taxes . 
  edit - off / of, 
  fyi , bahat = arrogant in croatian , bahatost = disdainful ; he 's just being himself . 
  you know that saying about lemons and lemonade ? 
  if he was like anybody else , then what 's the point of pointing out what he was like before ? 
  today he seems turned towards the future . 
  well , i 've been learning from our great infallible leader , marshal tito . 
   ok , i 'm joking , he was a communist , yet more tolerant and polite than most of our leaders today . 
  hitler tried to [ assassinate him in drvar in 1944 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_r\u00f6sselsprung_\\ ( 1944 \\ ) ) and a decade later , german and italian tourists started flowing back to our coastline . 
  later he was happy to entertain gina lollobrigida and sofia loren and no one dared call them fascist whores or something . 
  he showed everyone should treat these women with the utmost respect and admiration . 
  and that 's how all italians and all foreigners in general should be treated . 
  german producers came here at the start of sixties to film [ winnetou ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057687/ ) . 
  they probably saw the locations before , in the forties as they were fighting tito 's partisans . 
  did they tell them to go to hell , the wounds are still fresh ? 
  no , they told them to come here and i am sure the local authorities checked the whole deal at higher levels , maybe even with tito himself . 
  at the time , germany , italy and austria became our main economic partners and more than half of the tourists were from these countries . 
  this is still true today with croatia . 
  i see you have a german flag so there 's a great chance you or your parents visited croatia / yugoslavia at least once ? 
  edit - threat - treat, 
  here in croatia a lot of politicians build their careers on anti-serbian rhetoric and most of them are doing just fine being reelected again and again . 
  but you need to start somewhere , you ca n't say - let my children and grand children worry about reconciliation and all that crap , i 'll just hate serbs as i 'm supposed to . 
  he 's an opportunist but now he seems to be the right kind of an opportunist . 
  looks like he was talking what people wanted to hear to win the power but somehow as he won the elections he started to speak differently . 
  now everything he says or does seems reasonable . 
  it 's not that i follow this guy a lot from croatia , but here and there as i hear him speak he looks like a decent guy , telling what has to be told and doing what needs to be done . 
  he went to stebrenica to show everybody he 's not that idiot he was before , pretty much denouncing his earlier life ( almost like spitting at the face of ratko mladi\u0107 ) and to show serbia is different now , or at least wants to be different . 
  rather brave move , if i was him i 'd go tomorrow , and pay my respect to the victims . 
  [ goldman sachs ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/greek-debt-crisis-goldman-sachs-could-be-sued-for-helping-country-hide-debts-when-it-joined-euro-10381926.html ) should maybe compensate all the losses . 
  ha , ha . 
  [ greek debt crisis : meet the goldman sachs banker who got rich getting greece into the euro ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/greek-debt-crisis-meet-the-goldman-sachs-banker-who-got-rich-getting-greece-into-the-euro-10381951.html ) . 
  the question is a bit naive i might say , as if the op has n't seen letters from iwo jima . 
  can someone watch that move and not care for characters played by watanabe and ninomiya ? 
  do you need to be japanese and aprove perl harbor to feel sadness when nakamura shido 's character becomes blind and finally comits suicide ? 
  have you guys never seen das boot or der untergang , dresden or other german movies and just ` experienced firsthand ' the life of germans during ww2 ? 
  did you not feel something for those german girls in the furry ? 
  not really . 
  serbs are serbs , croats are croats . 
  top yugoslav army officials and slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 realized by the end of the eighties that communism was about to collapse so they took serbian nationalism as something to keep them in power . 
  first , it was serbs against kosovo albanians , but later it turned into serbs against everybody else so naturally it resulted with nationalism in all other parts of ex yu . 
  soon it spiralled out of control and made evrybody dirty . 
  sometimes i think even germans and japanese won the ww2 , but since then winning a war became impossible . 
  war turned here turned everything into genuine , 100 % pure shit . 
  no one won this war . 
  we all lost it . 
  operation storm was possible because of srebrenica and [ biha\u0107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biha\u0107_pocket ) . 
  in 1995 , serbs took srebrenica where they killed most of the men . 
  then they started advancing toward biha\u0107 . 
  it could have become a total nightmare , not only for 200,000 people in the area but for american and european politics . 
   the enclave came under heavy tank and mortar fire again on 23 july 1995 in what un officials described as `` the most serious fighting in bosnia in months '' . 
  could not be reasoned , they just did n't see anyone could prevent them from finalizing the war to their advantage . 
  at that point americans told croatia to do what it has to do . 
  hence , operation storm : end of war in a week . 
  they have lots of experience with [ financial humor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ljubljana_bank#croatia.e2.80.93slovenia_relations ) . 
  asking police officers to not protest against the government to you feels like `` how all sides did everything in their power to start a war '' .
