hahahaha, 
  greece ... the cradle of democracy, 
  0-0 :58 the police is being ridiculed . 
  0:59 -1:05 they throw grenades to scare of random citizens . 
  1:20 -1:40 they break outside tables and chairs of a coffee shop . 
  1:41 -2:00 citizens use verbal protests against them smashing the shop . 
  2:01 -2:26 policemen are dragging and hitting random citizens that happen to pass nearby . 
  hope this helps , 
  [ yesterday was the anniversary of the uprising against the junta of 67-74 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/athens_polytechnic_uprising ) every year for the past decades , there is a demonstration going on that begins from the campus of the polytechneio and ends at the united states embassy . 
  this year , after the demonstration there was an provocative march of police motorcycles on the exarcheia square in which it was ridiculed by nearby people who where relaxing in the square 's shops . 
  to this , police responded by violently attacking random citizens , destroyed doors/tables and using grenades to attempt to enter a shop . 
  i 'm sorry translated description on its way ... , 
  [ music by the murdured antifascist rapper pavlos fissas , known as `` killah p '' ] ( http://youtu.be/quvgzyrumga ), 
  there is an effort of the mainstream media to downplay this fact, 
  because the nd party sees that criminal gang as future partners in government [ relevant article in greek ] ( http://tvxs.gr/news/ellada/tha-synergastei-i-kybernisi-me-tin-xrysi-aygi ) edit : syntax, 
  the woman of the murderer is treasurer on the local gd office . 
  just to be clear that the murderer is a member of the neonazi gd party, 
  [ another ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2013/09/18/charges-golden-dawn-killed-leftist/ ), 
  [ are they serious ? 
  yahoo `` news '' `` reportedly after a football argument '' ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/more-strikes-greece-anti-fascists-murder-072818928.html ), 
  at a time when the population of a country is driven to abject poverty and human rights are violated on a daily basis , the official government has turned a blind eye to corruption , trying on the one hand to defend the self-interest groups that govern in recent years and , on the other hand , to terrorize the masses , to eliminate political opponents and finally to silence differing opinion . 
  all this is being done by the government in order for it to be able to complete the great sell off that it has been preparing for so long , with the blessings of the imf and the european union . 
  in that article there are some statistics on the current state of greece . 
  hunger strike declaration by kostas sakkas , koridallos prison , may 29th , 2013 : on the 4th of december 2010 i was captured along with the comrade alexandros mitroussias in the district of nea smyrni , athens , while i was leaving a rented warehouse where arms were being stored . 
  since the beginning , i have admitted my connection with this place as well as the weapons found there . 
  i have stated , since the first moment , that i am an anarchist and that my presence in this specific place was related to my political identity and the choices i make as a consequence of this . 
  on the 7th of december 2010 they brought me before the head investigator and i got in pretrial detention on charges of participation in an unknown terrorist organization as well as aggravated possession of weapons . 
  on the 12th of april 2011 , when i had already been in the prison of nafplion for more than four months , i was called upon again by the investigators baltas and mokkas , and without any new evidence , nor even any new developments on the investigation , i was remanded for participating in the r.o. 
  it was obvious that this was because the principal investigators realized that a case against an unknown organization that has n't any registered actions , does n't have any bombs , nor communiqu\u00e9s , that has not used guns , an organization without a name , could n't stand up in a courtroom . 
  i have clarified in the past -- as did the r.o. 
  ccf for their part -- that i 'm not a member of this organization . 
  i did n't do this to avoid the vengeful , punitive odyssey that the bourgeois justice reserves for all those accused of being members of that organization , but simply because that 's how it is . 
  i ought to set the history straight ; not only for me but also for the r.o. 
  the initial charge of participation in an unknown terrorist organization attributed both to me and my two comrades ( alexandros mitroussias , giorgos karagiannidis ) and the rest of the people arrested in the same operation -- although they had nothing to do with it -- showed up at a time that was political expedient for the daeev anti-terrorist force ( the so-called special violent crime squad of the greek police ) , on account of the ex-minister of public order named christos papoutsis , who desired -- like all his counterparts -- to dismantle , at all costs , a terrorist organization during his mandate . 
  it is known that this minister directly supervised the operation , and even evaluated the information that the anti-terrorist force had , and finally gave the order to make arrests . 
  anyone who watched the mass media during that time remembers the scenarios and evaluations of various journalistic parrots about which organization we belonged to , what we intended to do , etc. , obviously being fed by the daeev , until the results of the ballistic tests made them shut up ... later , mr papoutsis , in an attempt to apologize for the fiasco , gave an interview to a well known magazine stating that the ` anti-terrorist force has tricked him ' ( ! ) . 
  on the 6th of april 2012 , still in jail awaiting trial and reaching the limit of 18 months ( the maximum pretrial incarceration period ) , i was out again in pretrial detention for committing 160 incendiary and bombing actions claimed by the organization ccf . 
  it 's worth comment that in this particular case file there is neither any evidence against me -- they did n't even bother to frame me this time -- nor any reference to my person except in the execution of the indictment . 
  it 's a case file that could be served , without exaggeration , to anyone , according to the logic of the intransigent investigators baltas and mokkas . 
  the prosecutory purposes of this are evidenced by the fact that the principal investigators had their hands on this specific file from the very first moment of my arrest , and were obligated -- that is according to the law -- to give it to me along with the first accusatory file . 
  to put it simply : these gentlemen detained me on charges of participation in the same organization twice , consecutively ( ! ) . 
  today , after being jailed for two and a half years , for simple weapons possession ( to clarify : aggravated possession of weapons means that the weapons were intended either for trade or for equipping a terrorist organization , something which is neither evident , nor something i have admitted to ) , the primary institutional defenders of justice and law , who hold me for breaking it , decided to ignore even their own constitution -- which defines maximum time of 12 months for each subsequent to the first pretrial detention -- since that is not enough for their political needs . 
  therefore , they decided to hold me hostage for six more months . 
  in fact , they intend this prolonged and excessive captivity to offset their makeshift , lazy accusations . 
  whatever they may do it is not enough to prevent the ` deflation ' of the charges in any courtroom , despite the special regime that characterizes the terror-courts ( in every way ) . 
  anyone who has ever set foot in them even for a while knows it very well . 
  their tactics and vengeful intentions are clear by now . 
  yes , it 's true ; the state avenges its political opponents ; avenges but never acknowledges them . 
  it never has , as a matter of fact . 
  in the past they were treated as foreign agents and traitors , and now as terrorists and enemy of the society . 
  the fact is that , due to the domestic consequences of the global capitalist crisis , the political system is going through what is both the most critical and the most unstable period since the dictatorship . 
  it is also a fact that repression , and the generally authoritarian attitude of the state , is the ` last card ' in its hand , the last thing it can do to ensure a subordinated social peace and prevent a generalized reaction from being expressed in organized and substantial insurrectionary forms . 
  the finance minister himself has confessed that this is the first time that a government is asked to implement such extreme measures in peacetime . 
  the laws have always reflected the will of the powerful , but today not even these laws are enough for the political representatives of the system in the face of what they need to implement so as to loyally serve the establishment . 
  because of my political view and position , that the road to individual and collective freedom is full of struggle and resistance , i decided on tuesday 4/6 to go on hunger strike ; the date when , according to the current laws , the maximum time limit of my pretrial custody is expired . 
  i would like to clarify that , for me , the choice to go on hunger strike is not a gesture of despair , but a choice to continue the fight , a fight that my comrades and i have made since the first moment of our captivity ; a resistance to the unprecedented and vindictive treatment of the judicial mechanisms , which decided in our case to take a break from their cash collection duties to defend society from its supposed enemies and the laws from the outlaws . 
  they are the same mechanisms , and the same persons behind them , who are actual perpetrators of the legitimacy of forced return to work for strikers ; the same who are primary responsible for the thousands of property auctions and the homeless , for the abolition of labour demands , for the unemployed , for the abolition of social benefits , for the thousands living below the poverty line , for hundreds of suicides every year by those who , unable to cope decently , put an end to their lives ; they are actual perpetrators of the legitimacy of declaring people illegal and piling them up in camps ; responsible of classifying tortures and beatings at police stations , accidental gun discharges , the silencing of anti-regime media as legitimate ... they are responsible for creating a cemetery society in the name of law , and when it 's necessary , for establishing a cemetery society outside the law ... steeped in hypocrisy and nastiness , despicable to both the devotees of bourgeois justice and its detractors and ideological enemies . 
  `` slowly dies who does not risk certainty for the uncertainty to chase a dream , those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives , ... who does not find grace in himself , dies slowly , ... let 's try and avoid death in small doses , reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing . '' -- pablo neruda kostas sakkas , first wing in koridallos prison, 
  here 's a lengthy post : http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1ffnjg/in_turkey_police_are_packing_people_into_the/ca9yeb2, 
  what is the status in the country now m8 ? 
  pardon me , but i do not trust the international media ( for their integrity ) and i would like a more personal point of view in addition to many social media, 
  snowball effect ... 
  lol ` ed with d ) xd, 
  check on list of `` european subreddits '' dear hater, 
  hey , thanks !, 
  did n't know that !, 
  http://www.tunnelbear.com/ https://twitter.com/57un/status/340773316145070081/photo/1, 
  do n't join eu , this union has become a totalitarian regime of austerity measures ... i wish the best to your uprising . 
  solidarity from greece , brothers ... 
  rofl probably xd, 
  yeap , before the crisis i wanted to master in this area . 
  but pursuing any kind of career without any economic backup is incredibly difficult . 
  so i need to find a way to make some money to stand on my feet , 
  i wanted to post there but i could n't find the right things to say ... after this post , i simply copied what i wrote here ... 
  thanks man , we will need your wishes ... 
  well all my close friends are unemployed ( from 14 i am close to and keep contact right now , 1 works in kalas for 600 euros/month and 2 others that one works in cz for 800eur/month and another has signed a contract for a big us company and is going abroad at october ) . 
  most of them are living with their parents , and are disappointing for their future . 
  one of my friends ex-girlfriends ' father hanged himself in heraklion crete , 3 months ago , because he had no money to pay to the bank and he had to move his family out . 
  most of my siblings friends are hopelessly roaming around in my town looking for something to do , because they are all unemployed . 
  i can not tell you about the whole greece . 
  i can only tell you about my close social environment . 
  yes , my family 's situation is considered normal for the whole evoia area . 
  greek unemployed here . 
  29 electronic engineer graduate . 
  older brother of 4 . 
  unemployed for about a year and a half ( business i was working closed and i had no other choice but to join for obligatory service in the greek army for 9 months . 
  from my release till now i am looking for job , but i get no response because of lack of experience ( ?!?! ) ), 
  moved back ( like my brothers did some months previously ) in a rental 2-bedroom apartment , with 1 unemployed parent , 2 unemployed brothers [ 24 ( unskilled , worked in constructions ) and 20 ( experienced cook ) ] , 1 high school sister ( 16 ) and 1 grandfather ( 86 years old , 710eur . 
  pensioner ) currently we are living from our grandfathers pension , many times we do n't have enough to eat and parent gets lentils and rice from a nearby monastery . 
  i leech wi-fi from neighbors and do some freelancing works for crowdsourcing companies like lionbridge etc , but connection is not stable so i got no stable income on my own . 
  currently i am gathering money to move back to chania in order to have a stable net connection shared with a friend of mine and get more seriously on freelancing business , until i get back on my feet , get an intern job and earn some experience on my work field in order to migrate abroad ... 100 % true, 
  i did not like the way you trying to bring arguments into the table man for instance these two : 1 ) `` marinaleda is run along the lines of a communist utopia and boasts collectivised lands ( 1,200 previously unused  hectares , seized by a mass land-grab in 1990 from an aristocrat 's estate ) '' --  taken from a spanish dude : `` southern spain needs a farming reform : most of the land is owned by a few aristocrats who prefer extensive agriculture that requires little labor but has low productivity per hectare . 
  they typically plant olive trees and they sell olives to italian companies to produce oil without creating local industry . '', 
  2 ) `` he and a group of labourers refused to pay a supermarket for 10 shopping trolleys filled with food , '' --  '' ... which they distributed to the area 's food banks ... '' please man , do not separate phrases of the article to make an argument as for the rest , i totally agree in that you can not enforce this kind of policies in national scale ( that 's why there should be a decentralized form of social structure ) and that centralized power ( even of a mayor ) corrupts and brings the [ `` if you do n't go to protest '' = = `` then you do n't get a job '' ] and [ gordillo does not share his power and has not held a full village council meeting for 13 months . ], 
  results , 
  no different mp , same idiots ... this one was bassist for naer mataron a black metal group...neo-nazi ape man , 
  could n't agree more, 
  i wo n't comment anything else  http://i.imgur.com/dq8ha.gif, 
  greek law says that victims of human trafficking , racist violence and victims of abusing working conditions are entitled permits to stay in the country , even those that have not legal papers ( n. 3386/05 ) so according to that their arrest is considered a cover up,
