or the german army could have reasonned that preserving their troops to fight the soviet was more important than their pride , but hitler was really mad and utterred that warsaw should be rased . 
  but look at this police violence in the usa !, 
  we are talking about a regime who didnt hesitate to kill an opponent in front of the kremlin . 
  they just dont care about being found . 
  greek has been offering a huge tax break for shiping companies and orthodox church for a long long time . 
  it dosent seem to work the way you say . 
  what about english ? 
  now how can one deny russia has become a fachist state ? 
  power , force , war ... 
  yes ... 
  they care about the greek people and they did the referendum not for political gain but because they did care about the greeks opinion as they will respect it . 
  while syriza may * appear * less corrupt as they havent the same history of ruling as others , it is obvious they are , just like any political party , only caring about themselves . 
  that and the fact that finding an exterior ennemy for all your problems has always been an effective ( but irresponible ) political strategy . 
  thanks syriza ... wait !, 
  wow ... lots of political words in there politics are always prone to denounce `` actual waste '' while claiming the the money they grant is `` necessary redistribution '' bit that is mostly political bullshit . 
  and they will actually never precisely tell you what is the actual waste by the way . 
  you should ask for yourself what should be a nations expenses and receipts before letting politics manipulate you , because whatever be their side , their aim is to make you vote for them , and not presenting you with an honest report of the situation . 
  stimulating demand did not seem to be very sucessefull in greece as even if you lived corectly , your economical structure of production was crumbling . 
  anyway , investors wont come till the situation is stabilised and till they can have some confidence in greece future . 
  syriza gambling , the bank closing and capital control will leave a profound mark . 
  so while you will have to wait a year or two before investment can reach basic level again , why not put reforms in place ? 
  moreover , these could reassure investors on greece determination . 
  if greece can not drastically reduce their spending , they need more taxes . 
  reduce the public sector and you will reduce your taxes while making tax reductions for new investers can be a viable strategy , offereing tax cut to clergy will not bring anything in this world . 
  i agree that vat taxes are not optimal , and although greece need some money to maintain key public sector , everything can not come from entreprises as this is even more business killing . 
  then there are housing taxes , but wasent it one of the creditors initial demand , that they strengenth this tax ? 
  but investement and growth can not come from public funds as these need to come from the economic activity and will hence discourage investement . 
  greece need refurm to have a more business friendly environnement . 
  cutting before rebulding a more sane system cause more immediate suffering than making an administration evolve , but sometime there is no way around . 
  i do think it is the key thing which will determine if greece economy recover or stay in limbo . 
  debt , currency can have an effect , but neither the ability to crush a productive economy or to bout - start one falling one . 
  reforms will be what ultimately make the greek economy competitive , but those negociated are way insufficient . 
   i do not believe that structural reforms are the only key thing that needs to happen , i think that as a country we need help and understanding i was going to say you were right , but i notice the `` not '' yes you need structural reforms . 
  an economy can not work on pensions alone and the money you earn with pension is taken from somwhere . 
  you need to produce something at a point . 
  if everybody did that in europe you would have no one to give you money , and you would be ** forced ** to apply a real austerity where you dont pay more than you earn . 
  you can watch replay of franco fall on youtube . 
  it 's worth it . 
  i dont know . 
  syriza did fuck up big time with this crisis . 
  and they can not pretend they didnt knew the gravity of the situation . 
  low cost tourism will always be cheaper in tunisie . 
  greece need advantages to attract europeans tourists , such as no currency changes or stability . 
  how about a european assisted bankrupcy . 
  if greek did go bankrupt , europe could take over * vital * public services , effectively placing greece under european administration . 
  wait ... why is hungary so high with the more euroseptic governement ? 
  '' * i have done a referendum with myself and i refuse to accept your proposition . 
  however this result did not mean that i wish to leave your bed zone . 
  hence i wish to keep banging you but withouth protection as it would be a harsh measure my body which has already suffered a lot can not accept * '', 
  ahhh the * true communism * myth . 
  all previous communist regimes failed because they were no true communist . 
  i cant wait till it is tried in scotland . 
  while higer taxes wont indeed help greece , i doubt the `` demand '' theory is still valid . 
  greece has problem of competitive production , not demand , as they import a lot of stuff . 
  if they were already applied , why do they need to apply again ? 
  moreover why do european ask for such guarantees ? 
  the greek public sector is still a behemot and its unemployement is still horrid . 
  the greek economy wad in fact non viable already before the crisis but the compensated by borowning money . 
  the greek situation did catch up to what it would have been withouth the credits while spain and ireland did recover . 
  if every economist agree , why do we mostly see articles from two posted repeatidly ? 
  then some reforms are obvious but i am sure you will reject them out of ideology withouth even considering their effects . 
  by exemple tuning the minimum salary would improve employement but you would surely not even consider it . 
  if i called him a clown , it may have been for his stunts more than anything else . 
  he decided to bluff the european countries and went all-in for the grexit but realised at the last time that he was the only one who could not afford to lose his chips . 
  and it wasent a surprise at all as it was obvious from day one . 
  and if you still see him as a perfect man after his referendum and demission then you must be the one with an altered opinion on him . 
  the more time pass and the more people will realise varoufakis was not a gambler extraordinaire which was bought down by injustice , but an incompetent egomaniac which had no idea of what would be the results of his actions . 
  and the fact that you would take that money from entreprises who could have produced stuff instead dosent negate it ? 
  the problem is that greece has no industry and export nearly nothing . 
  encouraging people to buy imported goods will only deepen greece crisis . 
  because paying pensionners would improve employement ? 
  greece need indeed structural reforms , and unemployement plague every socialist country with or withouth austerity while liberal economies in britain and germany have low unemployement . 
  if someone is to be blamed for unemployement it is indeed the socialists policies put in place by clientelists governements . 
  that and the constant german bashing pushed them to assume a position of severity instead of playing conciliation . 
  there is no way they could have fared worse though . 
  as long as it is germany and not me who is paying i am not very concerned / s seriously . 
  the way the hate seem to focus on germany wont make them likely to accept a deal . 
  greece is as good as out if this keep on . 
  nope . 
  imf , bce and germany seem not to have the same voice and opinions . 
  the tro\u00efka myth crumbles and so does greek future . 
  or they simply finally had enough of the greek politics shitting at them . 
  seems like you were lied to from day one and europe was your scapegoat all along . 
  now it is time to reap the distrust and hate that has been planted . 
  i 'll stop with that argument when syriza stop . 
  seing how syriza seem to rely on germanophobia to keep its electorate , germany has really to be masochist to bail greece out . 
  think of all that olive oil . 
  a little check and it could be yours, 
  horid music and montage . 
  i mean , even daesh makes more professionals videos . 
  they will just announce it before the deadline so they can buy a week and reject a new unfinished deal . 
  well people are already `` randomly '' searched for drugs and in some country you can be prosecuted if you cross border with undeclared high sum of money . 
  but my biggest concern is corruption . 
  with the prospect of a collapse and large sum of cash , officiers will be hugely tempted to seize a part of the sum for themselves . 
  if this goes on for a long time it wont be pretty for greece and the damage caused may not be recovered . 
  thank you for your interesting text . 
  it is also a good read after all the hatemongering and blame game we have seen these day . 
  pardon me , but isent there a megathread for opinion pieces of little impact ? 
   but part of it is falling on the greeks because they are somehow seen as those who enabled such bad management by supporting the political party who gave them the most benefit without looking at the bigger picture sadly this seem very far from finished as this generation elected what seem to be an incompetent band of dellusional people that have only promises in their mouth . 
  the good thing is that the way the `` negociation '' are going wont let many year before consequences come .
