  that is worrying . 
  last time they did this , they invaded ukraine . 
  the one they rejected by popular vote or their initial proposition ? 
  except that they got what they could in the negociation , and decided to block the negociation with an after deadline referendum designed to refuse it . 
  it is like a game of chicken when the little player want actually to collide no matter what . 
  buy time while they finish their new drachma plan ? 
  it would also explain the referendum . 
  to be fair , oracles tend to speak in unintelligibles sentences that are only decyphered when the situation appear . 
  this one is no exception to this rule , and i guess that many of his predictions will be revealed soon . 
  i understand now why he had to resign . 
  he promised to resign if the yes passed , but in the same way that nai mean yes and oxi no in greek , no actually mean yes in greece and yes mean no . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  given how dellusional syriza has been t ` il now , i 'll say that there is aproximately 0 % of chance of an acceptable proposal being given in this time frame . 
  hate bring hate and as syriza has used hatred of germany and european institution to build his little empire , culminating with his referendum campaign , he was bound to create mirror feeling in europeans . 
  first at himself , but now , as greek decided to join him on his `` fuckyourendum '' to the greek people also . 
  damn ... and he has a degree of `` philosophy and economics '' from the university of oxford !, 
  wishfull thinking mostly . 
  and some people actually believed what tsiprass said . 
  believing politics ... what has the world come to ? 
  lots of imports and few exports make one country cash go out . 
  the v man did take his bike and bailed out on the sunset . 
  he also to said there * could * be an agreement in th\u00e9 next 24 hours after the referendum . 
  3 hours to go before the crisis is resolved i guess . 
  yeah . 
  but it wont be as visible as it will not decrease in nominal values , but in buying power . 
  they may even * increase * them a lot to attenuate their diminution, 
  already too much . 
  yes . 
  and de facto reducing the pensionners and public workers earnings . 
  that is cold man, 
  to the greeks : http://youtu.be/hxtikntijy0, 
  and from outside, 
  nice try fyrom guy, 
  / r/gaming view about the referendum . 
  actually , while it is quite flawed , finance ( i.e. 
  banks investments loans ... ) is still better than the old system of oligarchie bourgeoisie it replaced ( and wich is very well described in marx works ), 
  a bit like the guardian opinion column ? 
  please mind that wanting our money back ( or the currency reserves in euro if greece produce drachma ) might be considered as punishement by some . 
  the only thing in the first paragraph that is remotely true us that the bailout is a failure , but i suspect you dont even consider the good reasons for that . 
  the second paragraph you quote here is a missmatch of differents things and making a global trend of separatism for the kurd that are only refilling a vacuum the syrian war has left is a nonsense by exemple . 
  i am not sure that you can call a governement organised demonstration a `` protest '' russia today . 
  [ never been more appropriate ] ( http://youtu.be/uq-v1ttuyhm ), 
  political gain . 
  tsiprass hope to affirm its support in a demonstration of popularity . 
   greece 's negotiating position will be vastly improved . 
  on the contrary : that would be disastrous for greece negociation . 
  if the countries that oppose the bailout break from the consensus , they could block any baillout . 
  isent it supposed to refunds the imf credit ? 
  they would have no problem doing that . 
  and they may actually be nicer than the days to come, 
  chomsky is already a tool when he talk about what he know , but talking about something he dont know , like europeans affairs dont seem to cure it . 
   still lobbys for a no , claimed it will bring better deal with the institutions & debt relief . 
  what the hell !, 
  is he completely dellusional ? 
  thank you for your megacomment, 
  * eliminate rivals * eliminate opposition * eliminate closest countries * ... ? 
  if it was a german car , it would n't have broken down . 
  ^ and ^ if ^ it ^ was ^ french ^ it ^ would ^ have ^ broken ^ down ^ long ^ ago, 
  sigh . . if they cancel the referendum now , it would be a giant blow against europe and give credit to those claiming it is not democratic . 
  europe shouldnt have made any proposition after the greek announced their referendum . 
  it is still quite confusing . 
  that is what putin want the greeks to believe . 
  so , you reduced the pension on your own finally ? 
  some people did die in the original comic series , and he even smoked , but now all he does is disarm the badies and chew straw . 
  england only . 
  the rest of uk seem to be mostly safe . 
  the european candidate may be leading in moldova , but the russian weapons are leading in transniestra, 
  well how would that situation be different than a grexit . 
  it is more like a taste of their own plan than a threat . 
  whether it is a technicall defaut or not , i doubt anyone is considering lending money to greece right now . 
  considering it is a referendum `` for the agrreement '' and that tsiprass has blamed europe for greece problems , i dont think it will be accepted . 
  what a clown !, 
  with an unreliable man like this in power , greek are fucked . 
  i can already tell it will going to be rejeted . 
  those against tsiprass will vote no because they think he is doing bad things . 
  those with him will vote no because they did believe the anti european rhetoric he used in the negociations and those simply few up will vote no just because they are feed up, 
  when you only have a hammer everything look like a nail . 
  meanwhile the russian were so much into fair play that they shelled themseves at the begining of this war . 
  more like that 11 % have nothing to lose . 
  well , it seems like they received the message . 
  actually , you do . 
  the imf lend money to near default state on the condition that they apply reforms while they owe money to them . 
  that is why irland is going to repay them * before * the loan is due http://uk.reuters.com/article/idukkbn0m81ar20150312?irpc=932, 
  til that france germany and uk had used imf funding . 
  he probably meant `` western europe '' but had autocompletition on . 
  you are against conscription as a concept ? 
  i have heard many critics about the conditions in which people were treated during their service , and the utter boredoom they suffered , but very little conceptual critics . 
  do you want to share these ? 
  take a taxi if you can avoid it . 
  if you are forced to do it , print the map of your travel and display it nonchalantly to your taxi driver but make sure he see it . 
   `` there are no resources ( in our budget to provide money ) . '', 
  well , that 's a bummer for greece , but we could see that coming for a long time . 
  i think that it is not possible while the european union is still standing . 
  but on the other side , the rise of anti european far right parties ( with russian funding ) and the greek crisis might create the conditions for a disintegration of eu . 
  in a world withouth the european union , and with russian aligned far right regimes in western europe , putin might think he could invade the baltics country withouth enduring a full european war . 
  so i dont think it is possible at short term , but in 10-20 years it might be a real possibility . 
  after all , who would have thought that russia would actually invade ukraine two year ago ? 
  this is a pretty stupid thing to do . 
  putin is looking for short term leverage to destabilise europe and will promise a lot to tsiprass to convince him he can exit with russian funding , but he wont pay nothing once he has what he want . 
  the new ussr ^ 2 one is already out ?
