  russia never really had economic might . 
   read quran in historic context i think that 's to mild . 
  they should completely distance themselves from violence in the quran . 
  here 's some pathetic stuff you 'll find in the quran . 
  [ as muslim you 're supposed to fight , but you 'll probably dislike it . 
  but as a muslim you 're also fucking dumb and know nothing so just do what this book tells you to do . 
  ] ( http://quran.com/2/216 ) [ you should cut off the heads and fingers of unbelivers ] ( http://quran.com/8/12 ) so yeah you could try your best to read that in historic context , but what keeps extremist from claiming that the context to day is the same ? 
  and everything should be read as literal truth ? 
  they should nail it at that black stone in mekka . 
   garth brooks who ? 
  putin logic : `` damn those cia backed urkaninazis are shelling their own people ! '', 
  `` good job assad with those barrel bombs !, 
  you 're the legitimate president ! '', 
   provide all support possible to the kurds which kurds ? 
  it 's not like its a homogeneous group . 
  france, 
  maybe they should have used a different color for those with a negative change . 
  this graph is impossible to read . 
  i wonder why these people are even trying . 
  you 'd think they would do a little research how many people from their country manage to get asylum in germany , before starting their journey . 
  it 's not like there was a sudden drop in acceptance rate of asylum seekers from these countries . 
  it was n't any different last year . 
  good . 
  a few weeks ago the refugees invited everyone in the city to come and get to know them and eat some syrian food ( for which people did n't have to pay anything ) . 
  they just wanted to say thank you . 
  it was great fun and hundreds came . 
  the only negative thing i read in our newspaper was that they did n't understand our love for recycling at first so someone had to explain them how that works here . 
  people get along just fine . 
  it 's a good excuse to have a fest , eat tasty food and get to know each other . 
  there have been plenty of fests in my region . 
  if you just walk through the cities you 'll not really notice that their is a refugee crisis . 
   no , his reasoning is their level of intolerance . 
  ehh well . 
  people from the balkans also practice stoneage shit like honor killings and blood revenge . 
  switzerland is also expensive as shit . 
  eastern europeans are more associated with driving audis . 
  yes this is also why , despite what people on / r/europe say , the afd is far far far away from running the government in germany . 
  even merkels cdu ca n't rule alone and since no other party is willing to form a coalition with the afd you basically end up with 3 parties forming a broad coalition that tries to find a compromise between each party 's program . 
  i also like that our elections are n't centered around personalities that much but rather party programs . 
  if anything the afd makes it more likely for merkel to be chancellor one more time . 
  elon ca n't start to colonize mars soon enough . 
  what 's with the flag of wales , lol ? 
   why does n't she simply move to saudi arabia or iran or the islamic state ? 
  because life in switzerland is more comfy . 
  he should stick to doing rap songs . 
  they are actually not half bad and he seems more talented as a rapper than 99 % of other rappers in germany that try to be serious . 
  i eat my kiwis with a spoon . 
  how do you eat them ? 
  actually south park is quite ok in german because the humor is n't that complex . 
  what 's total nonsense is family guy in german , because it often involves a lot of puns . 
  do pirate party members in island also look like this ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dd/simon_kowalewski_ ( martin_rulsch ) _ 3.jpg, 
  in germany its very interesting that the wine growing regions mainly are where it was part of the roman empire once . 
  they brought wine growing to the southwestern germany . 
  why not north korea ? 
  because the average german does n't glorify any other country . 
  we are over 80 million people . 
  you might have some friends that like to drink whiskey , because that seems to be the hip thing to do right now and that 's why they like scotland or ireland . 
  your average norbert probably likes italy or spain more , because you know that 's where most go on vacation . 
   from my personal experience in germany , scotland is like the single most loved and glorified place on earth , only rivaled by maybe japan . 
  ehh nope ... 
  i 'm looking forward to the day when we have a human settlement on mars and we will find all our rovers again . 
  must be kind of strange to walk on mars knowing that this place has been untouched for billions of years and then you stand in front of something that came from earth . 
  lol that 's probably r\u00fcdiger hofmann ( he was in prison for setting fire to a refugee shelter in 1992 ) . 
  he gets trolled by several german internet communities at the moment . 
  he has a youtube channel staatenlos.info3 where he basically stands in front of the mayor 's office in a small town in eastern germany every day and talks nonsense the whole time . 
  he 's also been to berlin recently . 
  he really likes to hear himself talk . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75ku9uqzlas if you see him yell `` 00 wc fresh !!! '', 
  00 wc fresh is just the name of a toilet cleaner , but many trolls use it as some kind of codeword in emails they send to him and he gets easily triggered by it . 
  he believes his trolls are some kind of special agents of our government . 
  yep i bet that russia funds anti fracking groups because they care about our health . 
  fracking means cheap gas . 
  russia hates it when people get their own cheap gas . 
  just rub some vodka on it if something hurts . 
  looks like it does n't carry any cameras ? 
  bummer . 
  i know it 's mostly to demonstrate landing technology , but everyone loves pictures . 
  ohh nooo ... 
  according to this map the german state of saarland does n't exist and got annexed by rhineland-palatinate . 
  you can find some pictures here : www.mdr.de/sachsen/chemnitz/polizeieinsatz-heckertgebiet-100.html, 
  next step also adopt the hk 416 like france does . 
  haha there is a version where merkel says that she wishes that she could turn back time many years in the beginning . 
  i wonder if enough teens have the money to travel through europe for a while . 
  the cost of the train ticket is just one thing . 
  varies from state to state . 
  you 'll have to most holidays in bavaria , followed by baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( one less afaik ) and the least amount of holidays in northern germany . 
  they are mostly catholic holidays . 
  one city ( augsburg ) even has a holiday that nobody else does ( hohes friedensfest ) , which makes it the city with the most holidays . 
  why would god need to wear armor ? 
  db usually stands for deutsche bahn in germany . 
  nobody would abbreviate deutsche bank . 
  i got my op3 a few months ago . 
  it kicks ass . 
  that 's a 42 % increase from last year . 
  they also ordered over a dozen used panzerhaubitze 2000s from germany . 
  what does that have to do with that ? 
  countries are n't really `` independent '' anyway . 
  welcome to globalization . 
  russia could run out of cash next year for quite a number of years now .
