  i liked how to connection almost broke up before belarus could give 12 points to russia . 
  i do n't get it . 
  for me that was one of the catchiest and best songs . 
  you get my 10 imaginary points . 
  12 go to austria . 
  fremdsch\u00e4men and after that some schadenfreude !, 
  prost !, 
  eurovision dubstep contest, 
  not exactly the same but haribo stuff is usually very good . 
  i 'd have to compare first , but ours is a bit sarcastic aswell . 
  no it 's definitely one of the better ones of the contest . 
  i say it will end up in the top 5 at least . 
  wurstifing women seems to be thing now . 
  i hope they did n't use their own milk factories to get the milk . 
  let the cringing begin !, 
  we found their kryptonite . 
  for me it 's like a car crash . 
  it 's horrible but you have to watch it !, 
  my mom told me that i could even go to the citizen bureau of our city and already vote there at any time . 
  same in germany . 
  you can also use this voting notification to demand your postal voting documents . 
  ppp yes . 
  nominal no . 
   together , france and germany has over double the gdp of russia russia has the gdp of italy . 
  france and germany together have 3 times the gdp of russia and even a slightly bigger population by about 2 million people . 
  many still seem to think that russia is that gigantic country with over 500 million people ( like the soviet union ) . 
  it 's always enough to just throw money at problems . 
  i blame hollywood . 
  when you read comments from american gun owners it 's almost hilarious how many seem to think that they could defend themselves with a gun , while someone is already pointing a gun at them with the finger on the trigger . 
  of course in john wayne movies that would totally work since the bad guys are always terrible shots and just wait until you pull your gun . 
  you 'd also be given a harem of females to mate with . 
  i do n't want to negotiate if in the end we have to eat their junk . 
  the us does n't even meet russian food standards . 
  http://www.naturalnews.com/028363_chicken_chlorine.html# rather agressive customer protection is the best thing we have in the eu . 
  the well-being of 500 million people is worth more than just 200 billion usd . 
  according to all the studies i have read experts expect a gdp growth of 200 billion usd for the eu ... which is 1,5 % . 
  for that we are supposed to lower our standards to the us level . 
  totally not worth it . 
  most of the 200 billion would go into the hands of shareholders and not into the public budget anyway . 
  but is that because they have 100 languages belonging to 4 different language families ? 
  i 'd say no . 
  who says that we 'd all have to speak one language ? 
  people in india do n't have to speak one langauge either and it 's still the largest democracy in the world . 
  do n't mind . 
  i 'm on the right side . 
  i 'm fine with cold war as long as it stays cold , we get a second space race and in the end russia loses again . 
  closest soulmates in germany . 
  ukraine should annex russia . 
  similar approach also using fischer-tropsch to create hydrocarbons , but this time extracting the co2 from seawater and h2 producing through electrolysis . 
  he was clearly drunk . 
  ... thanks !, 
  it frustrates me that i 'm going to miss out on so much , when it comes to space exploration just like my parents who watched the moon landing . 
  even nasas budget is absolutely pathetic . 
  reminds me of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=972cxhesz04, 
  our news say that 13 osce obvservers have been kidnapped including 4 germans ( 1 translator + 3 german service members ) , which was already confirmed by our mod . 
  [ almond blossoms at southern wine route ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wzbttdn.jpg?1 ), 
  italian . 
  it just sounds the best . 
  so harmonic , everything ends with a vowel . 
  beer without alcohol . 
  me , too . 
  what 's interesting is dividing these numbers by the number of active soldiers . 
  for luxembourg that 's $ 301,000,000 / 450 = $ 668,888.89 . 
  for the us $ 442,658.89 . 
  for the uk $ 254,886.42 . 
  for germany $ 265,950.19 . 
  1 ) never heared of this dude . 
  2 ) some people say he did n't die . 
  depends on the context . 
  we of course have them in our school books for history class and satire is always allowed i guess . 
  we actually already directly observed other planets . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_directly_imaged_exoplanets http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/methods_of_detecting_extrasolar_planets#direct_imaging, 
  fucking ridiculously large telescope . 
   there are countless examples of president obama being compared to nazis . 
  while being called a communist at the same time . 
  a nazi communist . 
   rest of europe feel , if we suddenly started to build up a huge army ? 
  what about nukes ? 
  it 's not a matter of money nor technology . 
  we just do n't want it . 
  and we do n't feel like we need it ... yet . 
  also it 's not like we do n't have an army . 
  our military spending just is not proportional to that of france or the uk , but we do n't have to maintain a nuclear aresenal which costs france about 10 % of their entire budget . 
  1.4 % of gdp is about average across europe and 1.4 % of germanys gdp is still quite a lot of cash . 
  i do n't think we should look at other countries and try to match their spending . 
  no just wanted to point out that one should not forget that in high income countries like luxemburg or switzerland you also spend a lot of money for basic things . 
  not if you also have switzerland prices . 
   5 $ for a cup of coffe . 
  does everyone get that loan ? 
  in germany about 25 % of all students get baf\u00f6g which is up to 670 $ / month depending on the income of the parents and personal savings . 
  half of that is an interest free loan which you have to pay back the rest is free . 
  the rest of the students take a mini-job or have their parents pay for their cost of living or a combination of both . 
  the only fee associated with visiting a university is about 210 $ per semester which gets you a train/bus ticket and some of the money also goes to the students union etc. 
   policemen are german what 's wrong with our police ? 
   britain 's universities . 
  with british tuition fees ? 
  ... and a kidney . 
   mediterranean sea including the refugee problem ? 
  wow who would have thought . 
  he totaly blows my mind .
