  it was never banned in germany . 
  it was never banned in germany ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfyzte0dsba, 
   i ca n't imagine reconnaissance is something that the rest of the coalition is really lacking . 
  i ca n't imagine the coalition is lacking more aircraft doing bombing runs . 
  let 's face it . 
  dropping more bombs on isis wo n't defeat isis . 
  dropping more bombs on syria wo n't end the civil war . 
  dropping more bombs on isis wo n't prevent terror attacks in europe . 
  dropping more bombs wo n't keep people from fleeing from syria . 
  i 'm not saying that no airstrikes should be conducted against isis , but if we 'd also start dropping bombs it would be equally a symbolic mission as providing our sar lupe recon satellites and recon tornados . 
  42 abs . 
  24 abs . 
   a dealer for instance would count as unemployed but is ( illegally ) working . 
  you 're counted as unemployed if you are seeking employment . 
  which means you 're registered at the agentur f\u00fcr arbeit in germany . 
  my mom for example stopped working after her first child and raised the kids . 
  she is of course not counted as unemployed . 
  i wash my hands and then grip the door handle of the public bathroom on the way out . 
  shots fire . 
  or rather sidewinders fired . 
   our main battle rifle has been declared unfit for military use , lol that 's utter bullshit . 
  stop reading spon . 
  :d only because uschi says so does n't mean it actually is like that . 
  the g36 simply is n't a heavy machine gun so you should stop trying to use it like one . 
  ctrl + f `` immi '' . 
  jup was n't disappointed . 
   democratically democracy is n't all about having elections ... freedom of press rings a bell ? 
  how to shut people up on the internet : ask them to back up their claims and provide a source . 
  total dick move . 
  i have seen a couple of videos related to this incident . 
  have n't heard/read or seen anything about the pilot being decapitated . 
  should n't be too hard for you to provide a source . 
  africa needs to step up its reddit game . 
  nope . 
  usually within 10 minutes a plane is up in the air , when a foreign aircraft is picked up by rader that is heading for nato airspace . 
   just to recon targets for french and americans ( and possible british ) jets though , i doubt germany will get stuck in this time . 
  i wonder if say 12-15 jets more doing bombing runs would actually make a difference . 
  everyone is flying around there . 
  we will also operate our recon satellites over syria from what i have heard . 
  trade requires at least 2 parties . 
  it 's not like russia is n't hurting itself with this . 
  i 'm pretty sure turkey wo n't pay for the nuclear reactors that rusatom wanted to build . 
  it 's not like the russian economy is rolling in dough right now . 
  i know we germans and also british tourists are no saints , but actually that makes turkey a more attractive holiday destination for me . 
  many syrian refugees are doing these small things . 
  they cleaned up all the trash in br\u00fchl and handed out flowers to pedestrians . 
  http://www.ksta.de/bruehl/l-aktion-von-fluechtlingen-in-bruehl-sote,15189176,31817900.html in my city we also had a get together where the syrians invited everyone to eat some syrian food for free . 
  unfortunately facebook links are banned here . 
  over 200 people showed up . 
  the thing is erdogan has the right attitude to handle putin like he should be handled . 
  yesterday someone said that turkey was lying , because there is no way turkey managed to get airplanes in the air in the 17 seconds that russian aircraft violated turkish airspace . 
  in other news : water is wet . 
  maybe they should stop flying around with garmins strapped to the cockpit with a rubberband and get something decent . 
  too bad that russia is known to be a pathological liar . 
  i think most dislike turkey and russia equally . 
  of course you will find some people who want to see them join the eu . 
  the eu has over 500m people , what a surprise you 'll find just about any opinion possible . 
  no as far as i 'm aware not . 
  radio frequencies do n't stop at borders . 
  no need to enter syria for that . 
  because they were heading for the turkish airspace and did n't turn south . 
  pretty simple actually . 
  yes russias airspace violations into the turkish airspace were always normal . 
  http://theaviationist.com/2015/10/05/russian-su-30sm-su-24-violate-turkish-airspace-flanker-locks-on-tuaf-f-16-for-5-minutes/ have fun staying delusional . 
  russia does n't have any leverage over turkey . 
  especially now with its rapidly shrinking economy . 
  lol if a foreign fighter airplane entering another countries airspace without permission and despite warnings does n't justify shooting it down then what does ? 
  :d also the rescue helicopter was attacked in syria by syrians . 
  differentiating cause and effect seems to be really hard for some . 
  well russian planes better not enter turkish airspace then if they do n't want to escalate something . 
   well , good luck transporting electricity by the sea . 
  if only you could put those electrons into a barrel . 
  russians will also not allow you into the eu . 
  russia seems to be an eu member state now ... you learn something new every day ... :d, 
  `` hur dur we 're innocent . 
  we 'd never violate turkish airspace and lock onto turkish f-16s . '', 
  did n't the defence department also claim that an ukrainian jet shot down mh17 or was that just some tv station ? 
  killed him or found him dead on the ground ? 
  video seems to be genuine considering how often they mention russia . 
  there is also one video where you can see a parachute hanging in a tree which seems to be a video from 2013 . 
  i doubt that russia ever violated german airspace . 
  they 'd have to cross through other eu/nato countries first . 
  violating nato airspace and ignoring warnings seems to be a bad idea . 
  who would have thought . 
  lol the butthurt over at / r/russia is real :d, 
  strasbourg takes the crown for me . 
  i like that it 's not confined to a single place like most german christmas markets and the french go crazy with colorful lights which is also very different from our christmas markets . 
  they have to work on their vin chaud a bit though . 
  too watery and fruity for me and expensive . 
  we emphasize the ** vin ** more in germany . 
   why the fuck would they try and explode a bomb at an event that has the highest probability of being found by the huge amount of police and security personnel ? 
  the idea is that they want to show that even the highest security measures are useless , which increases the fear . 
   60 years ago , much of europe believed that the costs of building a democratic germany were simply unrealistic , and it would be better to turn it into some sort of pastoral buffer state . 
  yep , because you can compare germany which was a democracy during the weimar republic and had democratic movements dating back to the hambach festival to a middle eastern country . 
  :d that 's the funniest thing i read this week . 
  the problem is that americans are completely oblivious to cultural and historic contexts . 
  spezi is awesome . 
  even breweries make spezi . 
  http://www.paulaner.de/de/produkte/alkoholfreie-getraenke/spezi you wo n't find it on their english page , though . 
   do you drink a lot of fizzy water and apple-juice ?
