   in the mid-21st century , around the year 2050 , a third world war will take place , between the united states , the `` polish bloc , '' britain , india , and china on one side , and turkey and japan on the other , with germany and france entering the war in its late stages on the side of turkey and japan . 
  lol, 
   wow , someone made a bunch of guesses that are becoming sort of true . 
  when a shit load of people express their opinion on something , some of them are bound to be right . 
  kind of like the weekly lottery . 
  oh another russian shill with an one day old account . 
  very suspicious . 
  not only that but good luck changing anyones opinion about russia here with a few troll posts . 
  total waste of time . 
  russia seems pretty fucking desperate lol . 
  i hope the report ( if it actually exists ) does surface somehow . 
  only thing they have to do now is to dress up as women and add some dubstep , mix it with traditional finish music and have some half naked dancers . 
  instant win !, 
  gets tough ? 
  people from the balkans basically never had a real chance . 
  it was the same last year . 
   `` it has sanctions against russia , which is having a big impact on german business . '', 
   uhm . 
  not really . 
  despite the sanctions on russia being in place , our economy has rarely been in a better position . 
  i think that guy watched too much rt. 
  they once claimed that russia is germany 's # 1 trading partner , lol . 
  it 's not even one of our top 10 trading partners . 
  good i hope they also stop to buy things made out of plastic etc. 
  the only place in germany where you do n't get table service is a bavarian beergarden . 
   germany has n't exported a single weapon to syria , iraq or any of the rebels . 
  we supplied quite a lot of g3 , g36 , panzerfaust 3 , milans and 3 dingo apcs to the peshmerga . 
  isis hates the milan atgms : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arb7gg2gxtw best part is where isis is driving towards the kurdish troops and gets fucked by a milan twice . 
  two wounded survivors manage to get out of the burning wreck and another vehicle comes to pick them up and gets fucked by another milan . 
  corruption was n't the problem with ber . 
  countless of extra wishes ( even after the planning phase ) and bad management were . 
  `` hey in case of a fire smoke rises to the top right ? 
  how about we try to suck the smoke down through the floor ? 
  this way we do n't have a huge ugly thing on the roof ... genius ! '', 
  just like during any other fest in germany . 
  oktoberfest is overrated anyway . 
  it 's only popular because of foreign tourists . 
  everything you see at the oktoberfest can be found anywhere in germany in any city at least once per year there really is n't anything unique or special about it . 
   this is sick ... i am starting to appreciate that in greece we can drink from early age ( 12-13 yo ) . 
  just like in germany ... 
   he has control over almost half of the nukes on the planet . 
  nukes are as useful as the popes testicles . 
   the author was sceptical of such scenario because he believes that russians will be unable to save assad 's ass in the first place . 
  which they wo n't unless they start a massive ground offensive with 150k troops and kill everyone that is against the regime ( isis , al nusra , fsa and a dozen other groups ) . 
  good luck against a guerrilla army . 
  cleaning up syria wo n't even be enough , since isis could just retreat to iraq and launch attacks from there and regroup . 
  brains !, 
  brains !, 
  lol :d, 
  there is also a concept from the german aerospace center . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spaceliner max . 
  speed : mach 24 ( 25.200 km/h ) altitude : 80 km passengers : 50 europe -  australia : 90 minutes europe -  california : 60 minutes, 
  as long as they are n't the falmer . 
  oktoberfest always ( or at least for a very long time ) started in september , because of the better weather in september compared to mid/late october . 
  til if you translate `` ungef\u00e4hr '' from german into swedish you just drop the h. 
  we basically have full employment here . 
  well not where i live . 
  you can go to any restaurant and it 's super busy during the afternoon and especially in the evening . 
   and there is no work here for people without sufficient language skills , proper degrees and professional training . 
  actually there are tons of jobs in bakeries and restaurants . 
  nobody wants to get up early anymore to start a not so well paid job at a bakery . 
  i also know tons of waiters that do n't know more german than '' < number  euro '' and `` auf wiedersehen ! '' . 
  over here many restaurants are closing , because they do n't find any people anymore . 
  they should tell them that they 're in the land of freedom . 
  they 're free to starve themselves if they want . 
  `` this video is n't available in your country . '', 
  haha that camera woman . 
  does lasertag count ? 
   and our department of the interior is only estimating really roughly . 
  so not much better than this . 
  i 'd love to see the calculations behind these estimates . 
  another one is 444 . 
  ddd -  deutschland den deutschen -  germany for germans . 
  turks still are far behind in terms of education compared to other immigrants . 
  only 17 % of them have abitur , which is far behind others ( usually 30 % or higher for eu immigrants ) . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/bildung-von-migranten-ein-drittel-hat-abitur-13791431.html turkish guest workers also were n't quite the intellectual elite when they came here . 
  the complete opposite of iranians here for example . 
   i also think the eu army would have a lot to offer , depending on the system . 
  someone from bulgaria could serve his/her time in spain someone from the uk in greece etc. 
  erasmus for the army . 
  i think it would be best to have mixed battalions with people from all over europe anyway . 
  reminds me of field day in school . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp2epholsqo that 's also what gaddafi said . 
  kaiser-wilhelmsland and other south sea colonies . 
  they 'll be stored in our arsenals . 
   t 's not a machine gun and should not be used like one . 
  that being said , you can still shoot a lot . 
  which is why they 're now buying mg 4s for the interim period which is a light machinegun ( 5.56 caliber ) to do that job . 
  i wonder what happened to the mg36 which is afaik a g36 with a heavier barrel and drum mag . 
  the heavier barrel should have fixed these issues on its own . 
  actually putin is pushing for a dialog between assad and the rebels . 
  in germany only 0.3 % of people from the balkans were given asylum status and we get almost as many of them as syrians . 
  nobody needs an ambulance after downing a liter of beer . 
  yeah murica , because the rebels will simply win at some point and assad and isis will be dead and everything will be fine ... yeah that will happen . 
  yes . 
  just stand on one of the tables in the tents and down a whole ma\u00df in one go . 
  people will applaud you . 
  omg that one guy butchering the ode to joy in the background . 
  dutch refugees welcome !, 
   3 - japan , south korea , singapore , and hong kong all have far higher population densities than europe , and are doing fine .
