  yes . 
  when you 're in a restaurant there are basically 3 kinds of drinks that waiters will bring to peoples tables , beer , apfelsaftschorle , spezi ( cola mixed with fanta ) . 
  because terrorism against russians could make putins intervention in syria unpopular . 
  that 's the whole point of terrorism . 
  especially if this happens again . 
  yes , because when the terrorist attack is linked to their activity in syria the public opinion could change against the governments course . 
  that 's the whole point of terrorism . 
  nobody says that it will be the last large scale terror attack on russian citizens if it was one . 
  see what the madrid bombing did to spains involvment in iraq . 
  russian government does n't really have an incentive to disclose the truth if it really was a terrorist attack . 
  germany was n't neutral . 
  germany opposed the iraq war together with france . 
   plus if the iraq war demonstrated anything , the eu can not decide foreign policy to save itself . 
  the uk wants the us involved , germany does not want to get involved and france wants to be the leader . 
  what did france want to lead in the iraq war ? 
  there is no europe . 
  there are dozens of individual countries . 
  that 's why . 
  could be hamburg , too . 
  hard to say when you ca n't speak from experience . 
  of course you 'll read articles about people who were paralyzed in a motorcycle accident and climb the mt. 
  everest on their wheelchair and are super happy and have an amazing sexlife , but that 's not the norm . 
  they should be relative to the total number of flights that year . 
  you ca n't compare 1960 with 2010 , when the total air traffic has probably more than tripled . 
  i wonder if you really want to survive something like this . 
  probably half of your family is dead and you might be missing arms or legs . 
  even if you 're miraculously unharmed you 'll be traumatized for life . 
  italy, 
   thats if the eu as a whole comes to defend against russian aggression , make that half of the eu and we still outnumber the shit out of them in terms of population , economic and military capabilities . 
  german `` rapper '' thanks obama anyway !, 
   russia has a population of over 150 million people 143 m so basically the population of france and germany . 
  the eu as a whole has a population of over 500 m. 
   has a large enough army to single handedly successfully invade and occupy all of mainland europe . 
  lol in your dreams . 
  as current world cup holder i award the 2018 fifa world cup to england and the 2022 world cup to the netherlands . 
  http://www.popsci.com/look-ridiculous-russian-supersonic-transport-concept that 's my favorite , lol . 
  i hope someone told them about drag . 
   most importantly , tritium . 
  great , we can run our non-existing commerical fusion powerplants with it . 
  rammstein, 
  i wonder when they 'll lose their first helicopters . 
  rebels have shot down regime helicopters with manpads in the past and in afghanistan the soviets lost quite a number of helicopters to heavy machine gun fire . 
  suicides are very common in the military , though . 
  the us military had more suicides than combat death in 2012 . http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/feb/01/us-military-suicide-epidemic-veteran, 
  needs an option to zoom out . 
  i have a 2560x1440 monitor and still do n't see much of africa . 
  that sucks . 
  it 's not that uncommon . 
  from 1996-2011 19 out of 99 german soldiers that died on duty commited suicide . 
  i thought they are all stationed in latakia which is pretty deep inside assad controlled territory . 
  or was a helicopter/plane shot down ? 
  anyone else read `` soviet tranny '' ? 
   only because their currency crashed . 
  because their economy is shit . 
  it 's not like the currency is completely disconnected and just happens to put the economy in an unfavorable light for no reason . 
  i have my fingers crossed for aneutronic fusion . 
  not only does it produce significantly less radioactive waste ( iter walls will become radioactive from the neutrons they catch ) , but helium nuclei could be converted directly to electric energy . 
  we might even be able to extract some of the x-ray energy . 
   under the german code of incitement anyone who `` denies or downplays '' the role of nazism in the holocaust can face a prison term of up to five years . 
  ehh nope that 's not what it says . 
  it has nothing to do with the role of nazism . 
  it 's about the holocaust itself . 
  so i actually do n't see how it could get him in trouble . 
  he does n't justify or downplay the holocaust so everything is fine . 
  he 's also most likely unemployed . 
  too bad that being in germany for 8 years still does n't automatically give you citizenship and that there are still hurdles . 
  what makes you think that everyone automatically gets citizenship after 8 years ? 
  still does n't automatically give you citizenship . 
  what percentage of which refugees at what point do you mean ? 
   especially once they 're handed citizenship which they will be . 
  lol good job making that up . 
  to be eligible for naturalization , a person has to have lived legally in germany for at least eight years and possess the appropriate residence permit . 
  foreigners who have successfully completed an integration course are eligible for naturalization after seven years . 
  good job . 
  it did n't . 
  a lot of countries who have to use this rifle in climates similar to afghanistan do n't have problems with this rifle . 
  i do n't think the saudis drop a few million on a rifle without putting it through their own testing first . 
   face out phase out, 
  swiss cows are pretty dangerous . 
  interesting , i just read an article about the new super-leopard mbt that is in development at rheinmetall . 
  at night it was able to pick up individual bats flying around in the distance . 
  it also comes with its own active defense system and has increased armor . 
  automatic fire extinguishing system . 
  the 120mm gun has increased range and can shoot programmable projectiles . 
  it could also be turned into a selfdriving tank . 
  omg headscarfs islam is taking over ... 
   they did n't think everyone would turn up at the same time . . how very german of them . 
  mhh maybe we should keep our german patriot batteries in turkey . 
  where did she claim that ? 
  people here are among the most direct you 'll ever find in germany and have a tendency for having a loud mouth . 
  his grand grand parents are from a small village close to where i live . 
  it 's funny how he still fits many of the stereotypes about people in this region . 
  the bad thing is that people are leaving cities like dessau for a reason ( lack of industry and jobs ) . 
  you do n't change the underlying reason by pumping people into a city . 
  the only thing that does is to maybe stop hair dressers , bakeries and doctors from leaving , too . 
  but soon all these new people will be unemployed and eventually leave for a different city . 
  country : germany favourite neighbour : france least favourite neighbour : switzerland . 
  not that we hate them , but they 're a bit on the strange side . 
  that 's because northern germans are dragging our average down . 
  this sounds pretty much exactly like in germany .
