  3 percentage points = 30 % more votes . 
  yeah 3 % points means 30 % more votes for the afd ... 
  tiny discrepancy . 
  i know math is hard . 
   but suggesting that the poll is likely fraudulent because the owner does consulting for the afd is a pretty big stretch . 
  so how would you explain that it 's the only poll out of 7 that is a clear outlier which coincidentally favors the view of the person who is in charge of it ? 
  have n't met a refugee in person . 
  the only thing that has change is that i read more more refugee related news on the internet and in the news papers . 
   `` the insa poll '' ... `` the poll put the right-wing alternative for germany ( afd ) , which supports a hard line on immigration , on 11 percent . '', 
  wow who would have thought . 
  insa is run buy a guy who does consulting for the afd . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/afd-insa-chef-hermann-binkert-und-seine-kontakte-zur-afd-a-1069104.html what a coincident that it 's the poll where the cdu is 3 percentage points below all the other polls and the afd is 3 percentage points above all other polls . 
  what a strange outlier . 
  i bet they will report this as much as the original story in russia ... 
  depends on the bear . 
  polar bears do n't shit in the woods . 
  maybe they are paid per lie ... 
  i edited it to make it more clear . 
  for people outside germany it might not be clear what a grand coalition is . 
  if anything it makes sure that merkel stays in power . 
  if the far right afd would make it into the parliament a grand coalition ( cdu+spd ) with the cdu as strongest power is basically a given . 
  even if merkel would n't run as candidate anymore a more conservative hardline candidate like sch\u00e4uble would be even worse for russia . 
  so yeah lawrow and putin do n't seem to be the sharpest knifes in the drawer . 
  no gsg-9 was n't made for large scale man hunts after terrorist attacks . 
  it was made for confined single operations like storming an airplane etc. 
  bfe + is trained and instructed by the gsg-9 and will also act as a support unit for the gsg-9 . 
  a brain dead hamster would have handled the situation better , by doing nothing . 
  orban and putin also have reasons for suppressing free speech and the press in their country . 
  does it make it any better ? 
  what 's the stance of the russian central bank ? 
  will they just let it float or try to stabilize it ? 
  f ( x ) = x \u00b2, 
   are still operating f-4 phantoms for crying out loud nope, 
  it uses a pretty broad definition of dialect though . 
  i could put at least 3 in the area that is marked 20 . 
  i wonder if it will hit 100 rub/eur . 
  about a year ago i think it peaked at that for a short time , but xe.com shows a peak of 85 . http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=rub&amp;view=2y, 
  good i hope they want to buy stuff from us . 
  http://money.cnn.com/2015/12/17/news/economy/russia-putin-economy-worst-over/ stupid crisis did n't listen . 
  putin said it 's over now !, 
   oh come on , how does this not sound awesome xd sounds stupid . 
   i 'm calling bullshit on this . 
  yup . 
   we can say that too , since most of our economic power is centered in london . 
  if the north was equal to the south , the uk would be very close to germany . 
  if all of germany was baden-w\u00fcrrtemberg , hessen and bavaria we would be very close to japan . 
   it 's years of being told `` we 're the bad guys , look what have we done '' . 
  every german child at the age of 16 has to visit a concentration camp . 
  comes from a guy who obviously did n't go to school in germany , lol . 
  how come i never visited a concentration camp ? 
  and i even visited two school tiers ( realschule and gymnasium ) . 
   ~ ~ cdu / ~ ~ csu are constantly talk about populist restrictions and ideas regarding refugees and tried to ignore the need to prepare until the last minute . 
  thus all the problems . 
   russia is destined lol, 
  i lived near kaiserslautern for a while which hosts the largest american community outside the united states . 
  americans really are poor drivers compared to germans on average . 
  i 'd love to see a map of countries where private firework displays are the norm on new years eve . 
  i know that in germany and the netherlands people go apeshit with fireworks , but in other countries there is only a public display in each city . 
  anyone knows if russia did something to bailout all these russians who ca n't repay their dollar loans ? 
  i must live in an alternative germany then ... 
  where does a belgian guy hold onto during sex ? 
  the school backpack . 
   but now when `` mein kampf '' allowed again , this might even be the case . 
  `` mein kampf '' was never banned in germany . 
  i would even say this also applies within germany . 
  i do n't know maybe add some sparklers for extra effect , before it goes off . 
  not really unique to german . 
  no i think they replaced the old f4s . 
  i hope the finns find out that this mountain is basically made out of solid gold on the inside . 
  interesting . 
  abfahrt is even slang or at least colloquial german . 
  some say dutch sounds like when you try to speak german with a big uncooked potato in your mouth . 
  sounds like german : czech , rarely polish i think i have seen dutch mistaken as german the most often . 
  i would n't mind . 
  i for one would welcome our $ 20 per barrel overlords . 
  unless you 're fusing a proton and boron . 
  but aneutronic fusion is a whole different beast altogether . 
  boils down to the economics . 
  if it produces energy but is n't cheaper per kwh than other forms , companies wo n't invest in it . 
  just to build the reactor you have to put in quite a bit of cash . 
  currently the cheapest way to get energy is to take a big shovel dig up the earth dump the coal into a big oven to boil water to produce steam and power a turbine . 
  coal is easy to get , there is still lots of it and you just have to set it on fire . 
  no billions in research and super conducting magnets needed . 
  we had similar number in the beginning of the 1990s and germany is still there alive and kicking . 
  not 100 % accurate . 
  we had a smallish sperartist movement in the palatinate in the 1920s to break away from the kingdom of bavaria . 
  but the text only says . 
   an anti-aircraft was also seen on board in ready position . 
  yeah but what object is it ? 
  it 's a joke . 
  no it 's the other way around . 
  zdf is always very pro cdu . 
  it 's funny how the cdu always fares better in pools when they are presented in the zdf politbarometer . 
  same with exit polls on elections . 
  actually afghanistan does n't want its people to leave either . 
  that 's why the afghan president visited berlin just 1-2 days ago . 
  anyone knows why they do n't just update the design of all banknotes ? 
  i like the new design looks more modern . 
   good . 
  banning does n't work with things like this .
