  two of those are city states though . 
  that 's 800.000 asylum seekers not 800.000 people who will be granted asylum . 
  learn to read the news . 
  40 % of asylum seekers in germany are from the balkans and last year only 0.3 % of them actually managed to get asylum . 
  and russians are fleeing to germany . 
  we had more russians asking for asylum in germany than iraqis last summer . 
  yeah , who is the infidel now ? 
  i also wondered where the answer is to the articles title . 
  they 'll put that fence on wheels so it 's easier to move it into ukraine . 
  but everyone else is also fighting against everyone else , too . 
  it 's a free for all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_state_of_iraq_and_the_levant#history sure the rise of isis had nothing to do with destablizing iraq ... sure ... sure ... 
  turkey already took over 1.5 million refugees . 
  how many did the uk take ? 
  after all it was the us and its lapdogs like the uk that destabilized iraq and led to the rise if isis . 
  someone fleeing from war does n't really care if borders are open or not or if he will be welcomed in a different country or not . 
  holy shit never would have thought that there are people with different opinions in a country with over 80 million people . 
   bavaria and friendly to foreigners ?!, 
  many people living in munich are n't real bavarians they moved there for their job . 
  this must be it . 
  i think this is , because after that period there is more certainty that you 'll stay and for how long . 
  companies would n't want to just employ someone who just crossed the border if he might not be here anymore in 1-2 months . 
  damn it . 
  ca n't portugal just keep getting the 2 billion $ from the eu budget and not take any responsibilities ? 
  not including delays in getting their asylum application and getting work permits etc. 
  they are n't allowed to work in germany either . 
  we europeans . 
  turkey : population 77 million . 
  has 2 million refugees eu : population 505 million . 
  i 'm sure we can handle a few . 
   they temporarily stayed in vienna but they did not intend on staying there for long . 
  ~ 3.650 refugees were counted in vienna but only 6 registered there , the rest borded the train to munich . 
  i wonder how some of the volunteers in austria that try to help refugees out in their freetime feel about this . 
  it 's like they tell austrians that their country is n't good enough . 
  you clearly never conducted any scientific research in your life . 
  little hint : expectations <  actual results . 
  ask yourself why abundant fusion energy is always just 30 years away . 
  lol of course the other approaches are build and improved to do that . 
  there is no certainty that iter will achieve its goal . 
   yes they are . 
  none of them has ever produced more energy that they consummed . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  just like iter or any tokamak design . 
   all those projects are existing only on papers . 
  nope . 
   i hope the american military industrial complex ( general electric was working on it i believe ) builds a fusion reactor , if anyone has the resources , manpower and potential to get it done during our lifetimes it will be them . 
  http://www.lockheedmartin.com/us/products/compact-fusion.html here you go . 
  it 's a bit of a shame that so much money is funneled into a single approach to achieve break-even fusion power , while many other smaller projects have to operate on a shoestring budget in comparison despite generating results that are just as promising or even better . 
  i 'm pretty positive that other projects will beat iter and achieve break even fusion sooner . 
  lockheed martin compact fusion , trialpha energy , helion energy , lawrenceville plasma physics , emc2 fusion , muon fusion , general fusion . 
  one of these guys . 
  luxembourg is a great place for alpine skiing . 
   we stole all this stuff fair and square . 
  you mean it was [ `` requiriered '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr3wkpaan5w&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=21m10s ) . 
  is n't this even better . 
  instead of letting turkey into the eu we put a bit of the eu into turkey . 
  probably carries the amber room and a few reichsflugscheiben and a ton of gold . 
  i 'm sure you can get a bottle of riesling and a bottle of sprudel somewhere in berlin . 
  where i live we drink mostly wine or weinschorle ( 0,5 l 2/3 to 3/4 wine and the rest sparkling water ) . 
  you can drink beer and wine basically at any age as long as it is under the supervision of your parents . 
  most start at 13-14 and you can buy your own beer at the age of 16 . 
  for schnaps & co. you have to be 18 at which point alcohol is n't really that exciting anymore . 
  people usually drink until they had enough and then stop . 
  how do they make it to iceland ? 
  are the currents so strong in the mediterranean sea ? 
  you forgot the best one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0h7uylctxog, 
  in over 10 years . 
  which is kind of stupid considering that russia does n't even have that big of a population . 
  if they had 1.3 billion people like china or india ... 
   1 - what poll ? 
  just in adavance i do n't care about some poll from zdf or ard where only some 1000 people are getting asked . 
  you should take a course in survey statistics . 
  error rate is low enough if you randomly select 1000 people . 
  there are no benefits from asking 9000 more it wo n't do much to your error rate . 
  if 1-2 30mm rounds hit the tracks of a tank is n't it basically defeated ? 
  and all the countries too scared that the us might not like them anymore if they do n't join the uss stupid invasion . 
  pretty sure nigeria could enforce it . 
  i really do n't get it why african countries do n't enforce a one-child policy . 
  china does n't have it just for shits and giggles . 
  it 's part of their economic development strategy . 
  per capita wealth will never go up if you add another 100 million people to a poor country . 
  what did iraq have to do with 9/11 ? 
  ohh right nothing . 
  just bush jr. wanting revenge for his daddy . 
  http://xe.com/currencycharts/?from=usd&amp;to=rub usd/rub is also only 0.40 points away from hitting a new all time high . 
  looks like a young roberto blanco ( afro-cuban folksinger in germany ) . 
  ( what is munich w. . . w. . . wi . 
  ww ... with.wi . 
  without the wiesn [ oktoberfest ] ? ), 
   the first few days there was some trash on the main street to the supermarket , but after they gave trash bags to the refugees and the refugees went to pick it up it 's super clean . 
  haha same here . 
  i guess they simply never lived in a country where you put your waste into different bags and it is picked up on a weekly schedule . 
   a united european military does n't mean the eu ca n't be part of an alliance with the us . 
  nato would even be stronger in this case . 
  as a german i 'd never think of putting something called bitterballen in my mouth . 
  roll your pizza up and eat it like a wrap on your way to the bunker . 
  does romania not have any exports that the russians could burn ? 
  inb4 someone says gypsies . 
  ohh god pure comedy gold . 
  russian government again working hard to make russia the laughing stock of the world .
