  the `` heute show '' covers a lot of international events and airs every friday . 
  it 's pretty popular ( at least certain episodes ) in russia . 
  you can find the `` heute show '' with russian subtitles and over 2 million views on youtube . 
  here are just a few . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wx90n4eo2t4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioffermeifw, 
  there is a connection between bavaria , the greek flag and beer in greece that many probably do n't even know . 
  almost looks like either norway or sweden always use the same word as we do , but never both at the same time . 
  griechenland would be the high german word . 
  we have our own dialects for griechenland in southern germany , too . 
  in my part we would say it like in luxembourg ( griicheland ) . 
  the best is still sinnlos im weltraum , though . 
  they kind of started this whole thing . 
  so every norwegian watched this at least twice . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taleggio_cheese so good ...  http://www.cheese.com/saint-agur/ with cowberries ... * drool *, 
  not quite as popular as : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4ffzhnoh1s or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzpuln5wpmk in terms of views . 
  not funny unless you understand german . 
  might explain this :  one expert asked for his thoughts on a comment made by his deputy chief of staff earlier this week , who said : `` while there is putin , there is russia ; no putin , no russia . '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11187498/america-is-trying-to-break-up-the-world-in-a-new-cold-war-says-putin.html, 
  mother russia would never try to impose her world view on other countries !, 
  damn those us imperial pigs !, 
  i love those , too . 
  i like putting some cowberry jelly on top of blue cheese . 
  do people know about condoms and showers in the us ? 
  sure stds will be a big deal for a kid during its first 12 years on earth . 
  bye that time it 's old enough to make such decision for himself . 
  itt : american think circumcision is tits , but ca n't give a rational argument why it should be forced on kids potentially against their will . 
   circumcision has no affect on the lives of an individual . 
  same could be said about cutting your earlobe off . 
  why should it be done ? 
  especially why should it be done without the consent of the person getting his body modified ? 
  it 's modifies the body and ca n't be undone . 
  why not let the kid decide ? 
  parents are only afraid they ca n't impose their will anymore at a later age and the kid might say no . 
  the child is no product . 
  a person owns his body not someone else . 
  any unnecessary harm should be kept away from the child until it is able to take decisions for itself . 
  i tought americans are all about freedom and free will . 
  most europeans here defend the free will of the child and do n't argue against circumcision . 
  a child should not be abused just for the satisfaction of the parents . 
  yes taking advantage of the fact that the kid has no way of saying `` no '' is abuse . 
  parents do n't own the body of their child . 
  it 's not a handbag . 
   aesthetics , cleanliness , not being made fun of in middle school for having an `` anteater dick '' or something like that , etc. 
  in the us , it is pretty rare for white males to be uncut , so it can lead to a ton of anxiety growing up if you feel different . 
  and trust me , growing up we had a friend who had a french-born father and he was uncut , and we all thought it was super weird . 
  poor kid probably had a lot of anxiety over it , even though we were n't intentionally mean about it . 
   when you get older , it 's also helpful for reducing the spread of stds and preventing utis . 
  aesthetics ? 
  debateable . 
  cleanliness ? 
  we have showers these days . 
  against stds people invented the condom . 
   i 'm not saying either is wrong or right but i feel like parents should be allowed to keep the option . 
  so the child has no say in this ? 
  it 's just an object like a handbag ? 
   i am quite glad i am circumcised . 
  what 's the benefit ? 
  i would outlaw that , too . 
  does n't seem too common around my parts , though . 
  you can chop body parts off or put holes into them at later age , when the kid is able to decide from him/herself . 
  otherwise you 're just treating your kid as an object that you own . 
  i have never seen a 3 month old kid with an ear pierce . 
  well the difference is that kids usually demand ear rings and are n't pressured into getting them . 
  never heard a kid demanding a part of his dick to be chopped off . 
  zasterlaster as we would say in german . 
  ein euro zwei euro ein cent zwei cent and people say german is hard . 
  you vastly exagerate the impact of russian food bans on the german economy , lol . 
  pretty sure it does n't even account for half a percent of our gdp . 
  their economy will flourish like that of cuba and iran ! ... oh wait . 
  yeah extrapolating always works in forecasts . 
  she 's known in germany for being slightly insane . 
  - claudia roth she loves turkey so much she even speaks german like a turkish immigrant . 
  would be correct . 
  or in their military . 
  saw some dude on lostivan.com posing with a swastika flag on his vk page and with his platoon on another picture . 
  just like the eu kept hungary from limiting freedom of press ... 
  still baffles me how people can seriously think it would be a good idea to let turkey into the eu . 
  rubel stronk ? 
  those belgian waffels i ca n't blame her . 
  microsofts trojan horse stephen elop killed nokia . 
  still `` the most religious , conservative '' state . 
  backwards is just the ops interpretation of this . 
  of course you wo n't find something exactly like the bible belt outside the u.s. 
  i mean try to do [ that ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/aug/07/rick-perrys-call-to-prayer ) in germany . 
  i do n't think even josef strau\u00df could have done that . 
  probably also rural parts of baden w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  even children should not be exempt from facing consequences . 
  heck people want allow 16 year olds to be able to vote . 
  in fact in brandenburg `` children '' were allowed to vote for the new state parliament just a few months ago . 
  i thought they have been killed or at least one of them . 
  well they went to syria to marry a jihadi fighter so that 's what they wanted . 
  not only standard newspapers you only have to read `` the economist '' . 
  i guess it 's like with all those people who predict `` the next big crash '' every year and when it finally happens they yell `` see i totally called it !, 
  according to economists we are always heading into recession for the past 7 years now . 
  damn you norway !, 
  who would want russian vodka when you can have polish vodka ? 
  in germany you can have your citizenship revoked if you join a foreign military . 
   without any consequences ? 
  not being able to suck on our welfare tits anymore is consequence enough . 
  everyone who joins a jihadi group should have his citizenship revoked and should be banned from entering any european country forever . 
  problem solved .
