  i can fluently order a beer . 
  what counts as spoken ? 
  i can order a beer in spanish . 
  well the truth is unfortunately that the eu government is kind of a retirement home for politicians . 
  good luck . 
  with our current refugee policy in the eu it 's almost impossible for refugees to reach germany unless they somehow manage to reach our shores at the baltic sea . 
  reminds me of : http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/early-lead/wp/2014/10/02/russian-soccer-fans-hurl-racist-insults-at-brazils-hulk-and-englands-christopher-samba-this-week/, 
  as far as i know a lot of `` german '' weapons are produced in spain and greece under a license from the german companies . 
  hipsters . 
  hipsters everywhere . 
  they even hold their own olympics . 
  got ta pay all those actors . 
  would n't really piss anyone off here , since we claim it to be german anyway . 
  you ca n't get what you get in germany in turkey . 
  it will spoil them !, 
  and actually used in science and engineering . 
  we have n't had any real tuitions for years in the majority of states . 
  you pay a 200-300 $ administration fee per semester , which also finances the train/bus ticket you get . 
  i think even baden-w\u00fcrttemberg stopped charging a tuition 2 years ago . 
  most never had tuitions in the first place ( like rhineland-palatinate ) . 
  schr\u00f6der can suck my salty ballsack . 
  i 'd also use `` gluck gluck gluck ! '', 
  in german for drinking . 
  i think that will happen automatically with usb type c , which can deliver 100 w of power . 
  usb type c can also be used as displayport and transfers up to 10 gbps of data . 
  you 'd charge your laptop just like any android smartphone via usb . 
  one is from a french company the other one from a american company . 
  not very surprising that they look very much the same . 
  if you built something that 's jet powerd , has one wing , is unmanned and stealthy it will always look like this . 
  the properties define the design . 
  just like you ca n't built a car tire that does n't look like a car tire . 
  the british version also looks the same : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bae_systems_taranis, 
  wait till we put a 500kw laser on one of these : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault_neuron :d, 
  that would only make sense if the eu would become a real country . 
  who would decide about whether or not to bomb isis for example ? 
  28 head of states ? 
  rheinmetall is developing some cool laser canons . 
  i agree . 
  if you 're willing to spend money on acquiring something , but not on its maintenance you 'd be better off not spending that money in the first place . 
  haha what a massive failure this article turned out to be : http://www.dw.de/opinion-the-german-call-for-volunteers-to-help-fight-ebola-is-embarrassing/a-17948286  why not order bundeswehr doctors or medical students to go the ebola-affected countries ? 
  what happens if there are no volunteers ? 
  dude literally wanted a bag of dicks !, 
  apparently god loves collecting foreskins . 
  he probably makes a coat out of them . 
  always wondered why circumcision is n't considered blaspheme by religions . 
  are n't we created in gods own image ? 
  is n't he the perfect creator ? 
  `` uhhm sorry creator of the universe and everything you just keep fucking it up with the foreskins !, 
  stop making people with foreskins so we do n't have to cut them off everytime ! '', 
  we need a map where germany 's beer consumption is split up into states . 
  is n't it normal that christian parents baptize their kids and they go through [ confirmation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confirmation ) , since they get lots of money from your relatives ? 
  you can be an atheist and protestant christian on paper , which is what i was . 
  if your parents do n't put you into church you do n't have to get out of it . 
  if you earn 50k a year you 'll save around 1k on taxes if you `` pay '' 25 $ to the lady at the civil registry . 
  lol i know my way around as-ad models & co. , trust me . 
  are those the same economists that predict that germany is going down shitter for the last 5-7 years now ? 
  economists like to believe that their field is a science like physics with laws and 100 % correct models , but it 's not . 
  you might think that this money goes to church owned kindergardens , hospitals , retirement homes etc. 
  but these institutions are directly state funded anyway through the municipality and health insurance . 
  the german catholic church is obscenely rich . 
  we should tell that isis . 
  i only got a small postcard with a little `` why are you leaving ? '', 
  survey . 
  i wrote : `` i rather know than to just believe '' in the comment box . 
  the 25 $ you have to spend on administrative fees to get out of church here will give you the best return on investment in your lifetime . 
  i wonder , if simply spending more than we have would solve the current problem how did we end up in this mess ? 
  we have been doing that for decades . 
  just recently saw a documentary about ancient tribes that lived where the english channel is now . 
  archaeologists dug up traces of settlements at the bottom of the sea . 
  still highly unlikely that it 's sunnier there than where all the wine grows ( upper rhine valley ) . 
  that 's what i heard as well . 
  when this was covered on german tv they asked some of the immigrants why they want to get to england . 
  a ) family already there . 
  b ) easy to get illegal work . 
  c ) less likely to be checked by the police . 
  i bet it started out with b ) and c ) which let to a ) . 
  the yellow spot in germany is inaccurate . 
  should be the upper rhine valley not the black forest , lol . 
  i think the main problem is that youtube simply does n't want to pay any money to gema . 
  it 's not livestreaming in general . 
  there are some video platform that people outside germany probably do n't even know about like myvideo.de or clipfish.de which have special deal and carved out their niche this way . 
  thanks , but the problem is n't the link the problem is that live streaming on youtube is banned here . 
  someone could play some madonna song you know ... all the proxy plugins like proxmate and holla ca n't unblock it though . 
  i hope they stay peaceful . 
  even with `` hola better internet '' it does n't play the live stream it only shows one frame and freezes ... edit : proxtube ( proxflow ) works . 
  we sort of like beer . 
  you just want to play against them every 2 years ( european + world championship ) rather than every 4 years . 
  australia . 
  would be a nice place to do your erasmus semester . 
  from my personal experience people fom iran are way better integrated into our society than people from turkey in general . 
  those who left iran are often the educated elite of the country and less regligious while a lot of turks in germany are from the guest worker generation . 
  there 's a totally different cultural background . 
  education simply makes all the difference . 
  people have nothing against a religion anyway . 
  they have something against people who reject our society , because it does n't tolerate honor killings , domestic violence etc. 
  most people do n't care if someone prays towards mekka aslong has he keeps his religion to himself and does n't demand special treatment . 
  educated people are simply less likely to be completely backwards . 
  looks like russia just ca n't get enough of those sanctions . 
  interesting how the banana bends around the border of france . 
  i live in the middle of the kink .
