  really ca n't see why someone would have anything against gypsies in finland . 
  it 's ok . 
  they can strip italy of their 4th cup . 
  looks like fbi investigations are also targeting blatter . 
  well just ... import something !, 
  i never said that we do n't import . 
  i wanted to know why and what we should import more than we currently do . 
  if we 'd need more external inputs we 'd import them . 
  looks like we do n't . 
  so what should we import ? 
  looks like we have everything we need or just make it on our own . 
  you must be in a different thread then . 
   in exchange for the money france and germany pour into the eu they get huge boosts to their agriculture ehh yeah except that france and germany pour more into the eu than they get out to boost their agriculture ... they are net contributors after all . 
  we could just pour the money onto ourselves directly if we wanted . 
  why are british people so whiny ? 
  hope it will be a hovertank . 
  i know a lot of people from trier and they still seem to drive to wasserbillig to buy cigarettes . 
  i guess they simply combine it with refueling , maybe otherwise it would n't pay off . 
  maybe germans visiting luxembourg to fill up their tank or buy cigarettes counts as tourism . 
  both of these are much cheaper in luxembourg . 
  did not expect luxembourg to be so high up there . 
  you 're right i was pretty sure i saw a distribution somewhere where big countries were capped . 
  yes and uk , france and germany all have the same number of seat in the parliament so we are underrepresented . 
  blaming the us is a natural reflex for many russians which is hard to control . 
  that 's why it looks inappropriate from time to time . 
  `` us sends more aid to nepal '' . 
  russian : `` hepra derpa illegal aid !!, 
  ! ... derpa derp iraq war ... am i relevant now ? '', 
  no but they are uncovered when the river is drying up . 
  us must be doing something right if it pisses of russia . 
  should have sent in delta force or the navy seal . 
  that happens almost every summer when the rhine does n't carry a lot of water all the bombs float to the top . 
  catholics gon na be catholic . 
  the oil . 
   for those who do not speak english you mean norwegian . 
  `` ohh noz amnesty international will bring russia to its knees !!! '', 
  if you do n't complain there is no need for things to ever improve . 
  called it !, 
  [ there is aaa weaponry . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0px5emy1zsi ), 
   a jew is not the weapon of anyone . 
  [ a jew is a weapon on its own . 
  ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20101111223301/uncyclopedia/images/1/14/jew-jitsu.jpg ), 
  it needs place for 6 children , since everyone should be as fertile as our mod . 
  great , but do n't let von der leyen develop it . 
  red banana ... 
  it got it 's name from ammonium bicarbonate which is used as the leavening agent in a amerikaner . 
  amerikaner is simpler to say than `` round ammonium bicarbonate dough thingy '' . 
  do n't forget [ russische eier ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deviled_egg ), 
  yo , luxembourg no need to make us all look poor ... 
  is that he same delta force game from ca . 
  1998 with the voxel graphics ? 
  i loved this one . 
  stupid censorship . 
  drones have to go on vacation , too . 
  they have a stressful job . 
  lol bin laden used adobe photoshop and mcaffee virus scan . 
  great , put them where they probably have been radicalized in the first place . 
  like mcdonalds you say ? 
  does that mean i can open my own one ? 
  last place here we come !, 
  why ca n't we just send rammstein ? 
  guess i 'm the only person who actually liked your mustache song . 
  yes . 
  maybe a federal republic of europe . 
  yes but i think db even trumps those in the sheer number of scandals they are involved in . 
  they also got fined in the us for something i already forgot . 
  db is on a pretty steep decline , because they keep fucking it up and getting fined up their asses . 
  libor scandal , [ tax fraud ] ( http://archive.larouchepac.com/node/24920 ) etc. 
  mexican muslims are the wurst . 
   he has a point . 
  in recent times the national union of students have refused to condemn isis on the grounds that is would justify islamophobia . 
  lol you got to be fucking kidding me . 
  this needs to be a real movie . 
  still on average romanians have to work longer for their 15 $ internet than someone in other parts of europe would that 's the point . 
  15 $ in romania are n't the same as having 15 $ in norway ( converted into nok ) , though . 
   who the fuck wants to invade russia ? 
  more like , for what reason would you want to invade russia ? 
  to steal their trees ? 
  they got plenty of those . 
  well i guess russia better does n't try to fuck with any nato countries for the sake of russia . 
  or genossen ( comrads ) , genossen ( to have enjoyed something ) . 
  they were just fucking with you . 
  an eichhorn could be a cross between a squirrel and a unicorn , which would look intersting . 
  you probably mix that up with einhorn ( high german for unicorn ) . 
  oachkatzl is a bavarian squirrel . 
  schwoaf is schweif in high german which just means tail just like `` schwanz '' ( which also means dick ) . 
  and in english words do n't change their meaning if you start them with a capital letter instead of lower case like in german . 
  only having to use capital letters for some words is nice in general . 
  we 'd probably have less trouble with japan as a eu member . 
  i 'd love to see them participate in the eurovision songcontest . 
  i just want to see how they top that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone, 
  for the next year the german government expects 450.000 people . 
  would the quota system still only let 100.000 in or would it grow proportionally ? 
  i thought luxembourg sponsors an awacs plane or something for nato . 
  `` popular '', 
  no they got lost . 
  too bad that averages are completely useless and prone to outliers ... 
   but you said billionaires does n't matter for the average joe ? 
  better look at amount of ultra-high net worth households !,
