  austerity , fuck yeah !, 
  coming again to save to motherfuckin ' day , yeah !, 
  the difference in budget between nasa and esa is quite large though . 
  bigger than between esa and the rest . 
  i think last time i checked china only spends a billion on space related stuff . 
  the russian space agency and esa have about the same budget which is a joke considering the eu has a 10 times as large economy . 
  i hope i can call some polish plumbers when my space toilet clogs up from all the bacon and bratwurst i ate . 
  why should anyone like people based on their nationality ? 
  do i like french people for being french ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i can find a 100.000 cool people and 100.000 assholes in france . 
   lot of centrifuges or other specialized machinery we sold this stuff to iran . 
   stuxnet ringing any bells ? 
  they can try their luck . 
  even merkel questioned the existence of bielefeld once . 
  space exploration is frustrating . 
  everything takes freaking ages . 
  by the time a human being lands on a different plant or the moon i 'll be in my 40s . 
  i might see a handful of people make it to mars and that 's it . 
  xaxaxaxaxax chessmaster putin outsmarted all !, 
  1914 just called they want their unguided freefall bombs back . 
   there is no use for it =p there is no use for it until there is . 
  when there are bullies around weakness provokes aggression . 
  great now every russian knows how to find the good stuff . 
  i thought it was mips . 
  not that hard really . 
  during ww2 we also had weapons of mass destruction ( chemical weapons ) , but they were n't used on a large scale , because the first to use them would have lost the war so the war stayed conventional . 
  ohh no ... 
  enjoy your fake palm oil cheese some more . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chohnsl7zcg ), 
  i also read somewhere that 10 % of france 's budget is just to maintain the nuclear arsenal . 
  i guess it 's also quite costly for the uk . 
   they blend together into an indistinct clump of spdcdu . 
  probably because they thought anyone who is against government spying/the nsa/bnd hates america and just waits for putin our lord to come and rescue us . 
  if you only consume putin approved media like these two folks you might think that way . 
  they would have had more luck at a neo nazi or far left demonstration , because these are basically the only group of people in germany that like the russian government . 
  might want to look up from which party our foreign minister is . 
   spd-cdu coalition with the spd as the largest party.that 's the most realistic option for a government without merkel as chancellor in my opinion . 
  that 's really the most unrealistic . 
  spd did n't gain any voters during the first grand coalition as junior partner and they did n't gain any voters when they formed the opposition the the cdu/fdp government . 
  the gap wo n't just magically close . 
   was n't that ` discussion ' largely tongue in cheek ? 
  no the guy who brought it up ( torsten albig spd ) was n't kidding . 
  we call her mutti ( mommy ) over here . 
  that should be enough of an answer . 
  even better , let the city be a roundabout . 
  this would make a nice cities skylines map . 
  haha i knew someone would comment on that . 
  varofakis will be like `` herpa derp but muh game theory said otherwise ... '', 
  from the articles i read is n't bankruptcy now pretty much guaranteed , since the loans will not be extended ? 
  family is already there . 
  for people from africa family is usually a very large well connected network . 
  greece could probably just invade germany and take our moneys . 
  you have probably seen them many times , but confused them for a netherlands flair since they look quite similar . 
   imagine a completely polarized world between the west and a big east with china , india and russia together . 
  i think all countries of `` the west '' have a lot more in common than russia with india or india with china etc. 
  everything that is called `` the west '' was populated by europeans . 
  i do n't think something like `` the big east '' is very likely . 
  well new zealand and norway or switzerland can join , too of course . 
  next step is to merge usa , eu , canada , australia into a 900m nation . 
  ;-) let 's call that country `` the west '' . 
  people are talking about `` the west '' the whole time anyway . 
   if a german tells you he will come saturday at 10:00 he will be there at 10:00:00 even if the road was closed and his mother just died . 
  this is slightly wrong . 
  actually what the german does is to arrive at 9:55:00 and then walk 4 times around the block , because he does n't want to come too early . 
  then he will show up at 10:00 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/uesmxwfeypc?t=1m1s ), 
  they think that men can get work easier . 
  that 's what counts since they are supposed to send money home . 
  a lot of them are n't fleeing from war . 
  yes the title is misleading the chart says `` eurozone '' . 
  uk is n't a eurozone member . 
  i read somewhere that you die sooner when you 're concerned and worried the whole time . 
  only because in the information age you can get info 24/7 about any small conflict and crisis in the world does n't mean that the world was better hundreds of years ago . 
  information simply did n't traval that far and that fast . 
  awesome . 
  i was really afraid that it might be lost forever when esa did n't hear from philae this spring . 
  so i guess do n't try to take other peoples shit ? 
  try that it might work . 
  we do . 
  but sitting in a cafe in france while eating an eclair and drinking coffee is better than doing the same in germany . 
  instant holiday feeling . 
  i do n't miss not being able to hop on the bike and ride 10 km to france and eat some eclair without having to exchange money . 
  wait so playing arma iii does n't make you a military expert ? 
  retards . 
  luckily this applies to many islamists . 
  if they had half a brain they would n't be following radical islam to begin with . 
  work in luxembourg live in germany . 
  best of both worlds . 
  good if they want to end the corruption in fifa it has to start now . 
  they ca n't just let it slide a bit for these two upcoming world cups . 
  * the internet is uncharted territory for all of us * - angela merkel, 
   `` the world has changed so drastically that people with some common sense can not even imagine such a large-scale military conflict today . 
  we have other things to think about , i assure you . '', 
  so with putin 's logic ukraine , finland & co. should join nato . 
  if they do any conflict with them would be a large-scale conflict . 
  so there will be no conflict . 
  italy : how well dressed everyone ( most ) is ( are ) in general no matter if young or old . 
  i notice that especially when i come home . 
  cast a gypsy curse on him maybe . 
  i like how she wears the cliche\u00e9 cindarella outfit .
