  i enjoyed my 10 months between school and university to go on vacation . 
  if you wanted to earn a bit of money to save up for university it was a way better idea to avoid the army and civilservice and just work a dailmer-benz or some company here . 
  lol so much butthurt in the comments :d, 
  and the german leopard 2 smoothbore tank gun . 
  so the abrams is the eurotank ? 
  we also gave them our mig-29s from the gdr for a symbolic 1 $ each some time ago . 
  i 'd love to show up at 22:55 . 
  we also have municipal elections in 10 out of 16 states . 
  i think iran is a big exporter of caviar aswell . 
  i agree . 
  russian vodka is just good enough to put into your windscreen whipers as anti-freeze . 
  hell yes . 
  even as a german i have to say that i like your christmas markets better . 
  spread out all over the city and lights everywhere ... literally everywhere !, 
  our vin chaud or gl\u00fchwein is better , though . 
  has more oomphh . 
  the ones i tasted were a bit watery and kind of expensive . 
  i 'm from the rhine-neckar area and in cities like heidelberg you mostly see japanese and american tourists . 
  i do n't have a feeling that people here have a specific sentiment towards one or the other group of tourists . 
  we like them all . 
  the speed limit for germany is wrong it should be c instead of infinity . 
  c is the speed of light . 
  time dilation is a bitch , though when traveling at relativistic speeds on the autobahn . 
  do want !, 
  the 100 mbps internet connections most cable companies offer here are ok and fairly cheap , but upload is limited to 5 mbps most of the time . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm using chromium on arch linux as browser . 
  whoaw what 's up with austrians and drug addiction ? 
   '' '' andere parteien wollen zuwanderung nur , damit die deutschen in einem gro\u00dfen europ\u00e4ischen brei aufgehen . `` '' other parties only want immigration so that the germans end up in a a big european blend . 
  the purpose of multiculturalism is to homogenize all people and to extinguish their culture and religion . 
  afd is anything but moderate . 
  < sarcasm  climate change . 
  well but if you you have to dicide whether or not some very xenophobic quote is from the npd or afd that has nothing to do with politicians being vague . 
  you 'd never associate a quote like this with some from the established parties . 
  like other have said , they are n't facist ( by definition ) but xenophobe , ultra conservative and populistic . 
  there is an interesting website where you are presented with a couple of quotes and you have to dicide if they belong to the afd or the far right npd . 
  http://afdodernpd.de/ i only managed to guess half of them correct so there 's no clear way to distinquish both . 
  they are clearly way more nationalist and far right than the cdu . 
  the afd gets ridiculed a lot in germany . 
  when their head of party bernd lucke holds a speech somewhere in germany there are usually many protesters aswell . 
  a little bit . 
  i do n't think people care to much about lyrics . 
  the song was fun and sounded good . 
  i bet less people understood the polish song . 
  unless you jump the roadblock shirtless while on a horse like putin would . 
  people seem to enjoy different songs . 
  for me `` rise like phoenix '' was one of the best together with the french song which according to the rest of europe sucked ass . 
   also nobody really forgot or excused the vikings , and scandinavia moved on since century . 
  they never really invaded/raided anyone as of recent memory , unlike what russia is currently doing . 
  oh really ? 
  look at them : http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/41805000/jpg/_41805064_swedefans416.jpg they are clearly glorifying vikings with they horned helmets !, 
  i wonder why russians are so nostalgic of the ussr in the first place . 
  when i googled for some explanations from russians they mostly said that capitalism has killed russian culture and has brought all the bad things like skinheads , disrespect for each other etc. 
  i do n't know last time i checked i live in a capitalist society and things are pretty tits her . 
  maybe they should stop taking some economic system as the scapegoat . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  putin may be `` acknowledged '' but not `` respected '' . 
  allowed me to take my bike and ride 15 km across the border to france eat some eclair and do n't have to bring foreign currency or wait at the border to be checked . 
  i like how they rebuild the road block afterwards , because the second time it will work for sure !, 
  `` germans drink a lot of beer . '', 
  we also like to drink a lot of wine in sw germany . 
  i also heared that russian seperatists have sighted a big foot . 
  i wonder what the french commentator said . 
  interesting gap for switzerland between jury and public . 
  austria was no . 
  1 in the german televotes . 
  other singers just smoke and drink a lot to get their singing voice right . 
  you mean in varietate conchita !, 
  til : singing is a sport . 
  i really want to learn more about slavic culture and traditions aswell !, 
  [ my favorite finnish word ] ( http://www.lachmeister.de/lustige_bilder/images/lustiges-bild-mega-pussy---chips.jpg ), 
  france was a lot better than all that dubstep bullshit . 
  thanks for reminding me again . 
  i was wondering where i heared that song before . 
  i agree when they started to get so many points i had to go and google their song again , because i could n't remember it even . 
  nothing catchy about this song . 
  you danes simply have a different understanding of the word clean than russians do . 
   http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=ru&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fzyalt.livejournal.com%2f1041812.html poor probably also a has a different meaning in russia . 
  not financially poor ... must be something different . 
  poland ranked very high in the televotes for most countries aswell but the jury ranked them very low . 
  with how much vodka they drink you 'd probably still get drunk from their tears . 
  i saw a lot of men waving gay pride flags in the first row . 
  i also read an article about a group of gay men from russia visiting denmark for the esc saying that it 's like a trip to paradis . 
  they probably did most of the booing . 
  russian ones are barely legal to f *** . 
  except other french people . 
  esc has a big fanbase in china i think . 
  just lets them know we appreciate it . 
  we even betrayed austria with you . 
  reminds me of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vubdbfglteu, 
  i can imagine that viewers in china freaked out ... one way or the other . 
  no i think they ended up with 2 . 
  that 's +100 % more . 
  we germans still like boobs more than beards . 
  only 7 for austria and 10 for poland iirc . 
  we formally surrendred when we sent eliazia . 
  there are probably some 10-20 million people watching this in china . 
  they wanted to let them know we appreciate them watching our annual freakshow . 
  yeah something definitely was strange there . 
  12 booos go to russia .
