  the blacks main enemy right now is not outright racism but bad economics and inadvertently racist policies , particularly in the justice system . 
  many whites see racism as over since the election of obama , and everyone who is not in denial disagrees . 
  the issue no longer tears our nation apart though . 
  ** `` real america '' ** there is a tension between the countryside and the city of the same sort that exists everywhere , we just have a lot of countryside . 
  the people in the countryside like to say that they are more american than other people but they are just hiding their heads in the sand ( as you may be able to tell , i live in the city ) and that is america in a very small nutshell . 
  also , butter . 
  is it all of southern europe ? 
   we can abuse our family any time we want , nobody has a right to stop us . 
  ex-ussr people are our family . 
  and that is why we ca n't play nice . 
   our bureaucracy is corrupted , they steal all the money - let 's become a part of them ( i 'd say this is the closest thing to `` russian dream '' / `` national idea '' ) . 
  a chinese immigrant i went to high school with was like this . 
  his dream was to move back and make a metric shitton of money in bribes . 
  i think this is a pan mainland chinese thing . 
  i recall hearing about a little girl who was on a live news broadcast being asked about what she wanted to be when she grew up . 
  `` a government official ! '', 
  `` what kind of government official ? '', 
  `` a corrupt government official ! '', 
  in b4 american not knowing geography joke, 
  seriously though , where is the crack ? 
  to america , empire is like holding an alligator by the mouth . 
  it is hard but you ca n't let go . 
  every day i look at the earth and say to myself `` damn , jiang should have won '', 
  i know that it may come off a little bit arrogant but that is how we like to portray ourselves , just look at our civil architecture . 
  all of the founding fathers are compared to great roman figures . 
  adams was cicero , washington was cincinnatus , people called burr caitiline behind his back . 
  we like the romans a lot . 
  the founders looked to the roman republic first and the british parliament second for inspiration . 
  are you dick cheney ? 
  do n't knock it till you 've tried it . 
  modernize the constitution : being the world 's oldest democratic republic is nice and all but it does mean that you carry some outdated institutions . 
  my reforms would be no electoral college , a run off system for president , campaign finance reform ( everyone gets at most $ 100 donation per donator and only individual citizens who can vote can donate ) , puerto rico and dc becomes states , and a return to the old style fillibuster . 
  this should destroy the stranglehold of two parties and remove much of the influence of wealth in the system . 
  america may be the new rome but that does n't mean that our republic has to die the same way that rome 's did : drowned in gold and stubbornness . 
  i will change the name of nato to something else ( north atlantic treaty organization is not a good or accurate name ) and expand it to include japan , australia , and south korea . 
  i will hope to pull canada into a greater relationship with america . 
  poutine and chili cheese fries will be united in friendship . 
  belgium will not exist . 
  i will throw supreme court justice scalia into the sea . 
  i will move to model the american social welfare system on that of canada and germany . 
  we are falling behind . 
  ganja is legal and is the state plant of colorado . 
  i will goad north korea into a war . 
  we need to lance that boil before they can nuke hawaii . 
  i will turn vladimir putin gay . 
  we have the technology . 
  i will work on building an alliance with india . 
  we republics need to stick together . 
  i will give a formal apology to france over the `` freedom fries '' incident . 
  in order to prove our sincerity , we will stop calling the brits limeys and start calling them rosbifs . 
  it is more accurate anyway . 
  all of the money into wind , solar , and research on photosynthesis . 
  if we can synthesize photosynthesis , global warming is fixed . 
  going green will also allow us to fuck saudi arabia and fuck them hard . 
  i will request that ireland sends us real guinness . 
  the guinness on this side of the pond is damn lie . 
  if they refuse , we shall liberate both them and the good guinness with extreme prejudice . 
  tonys just are n't good people . 
  shuddup belgium , you 're not even a real country . 
  do n't make us liberate you and replace your mayonnaise with ketchup . 
  shuddup , i like it this way . 
  it validates my biases . 
  we will do it for freedom !, 
  including the portuguese . 
  they do n't understand that the world can go on without them . 
  i do n't know . 
  cajun french took a big hit during 1900-1941 , where english was forced in the schools . 
  however , cajun translators in the second world war convinced the government that a francophone community is a valuable asset . 
  the prestige of the cajun community was also low for a while . 
  they were basically seen as french hillbillies . 
  however , in the past thirty years , the cajuns have become very popular in america and cajun pride , and language , is on the rise . 
  it has also undergone some standardization with exposure to european french , but nowhere near the level that quebecois has . 
  for about a century , only scandinavian and german immigrants lived in minnesota . 
  it is n't exactly a desirable place to live , unless you are a homesick swede . 
  no one speaks norwegian or swedish there now though , unlike the cajuns maintaining french . 
  they do take pride in their heritage and eat lutefisk and other scandinavian foods however . 
  well they are mostly swedes and norwegians by origin . 
  thank you , gouda has always been my favorite cheese . 
  well that was n't very nice ... 
  so many . 
  my two favorite ones are the [ cajun accent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kzeyrjfn9s ) and the [ minnesotan accent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oymml734ews ) . 
  the cajuns are a group of french colonists who were pushed out of nova scotia by the english after the seven years war . 
  for some unknown reason , they moved to the swamps of louisiana . 
  they are one of the most interesting peoples in the union . 
  also , france , if you thought that the quebecois accent was bad , wait till you hear the cajuns speak [ french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ilcy7uc9ve ) . 
  the minnesotans , and some of the dakotans and wisconsinites , are descended from scandavians who searched all of america for a place just as cold and miserable as their own ( i kid , i kid ) . 
  their descendents now have an accent that is so kind and friendly that it is sickening . 
  i do . 
  they are the * italian * electorate . 
  ah , but we do n't need to . 
  it happens naturally . 
  perhaps the government of the homogenic country should not enforce homogeneity . 
   the japanese want to keep their place japanese both yes and no . 
  culturally , they are fascinated with american culture and have absorbed large swaths of it . 
  their famous `` salaryman '' business culture which dominates much of life was orignially an american import . 
  however , when it comes to absorbing actual foreigners they have abstained and are usually hostile to immigrants , even assimilated ones . 
  this , combined with their incredibely low birthrate is causing a japanese demographic collapse . 
  if they wish to remain relevant , then they will have to drop the xenophobic trait in their culture and accept immigration . 
  natural selection strikes again . 
   the saudi 's want to keep their place saudi fixed : the saudi government wants to keep their place saudi .
