  you can see the pros do it . 
  the boonies the deep boonies injun country a boil on satan 's ass wyoming, 
  wyoming . 
  and that is where stereotypes lead you , you sauna-ridden drunken moose shagger . 
  poland used into emigration , now poland can into immigration !, 
  well it is obvious to everyone that they are a card carrying member of the west now , as well as a glorious example to all former communist nations . 
  i fully expect them to be on the same level as france in a few decades , if things stay good . 
  well of course they 're hesitant . 
  it is a well known fact that the germans are pacifist ( i never thought i would say that sentence ) . 
  why ? 
  muslims love dogs just as much as the next person . 
  what a silly lie . 
  what slander is next ? 
  jews hate kittens ? 
  the roma dislike hamsters ? 
  as an american my reaction is simple : ** come at me , bro !, 
  friends , look at this guy 's user history . 
  do you think us idiots , ivan ? 
  ** noooooo !!!, 
  ** canada , how could you betray us ? 
  i thought we were brothers ... 
  you can spot them quite easily . 
  just look for anyone without a shirt on doing something silly , like tranquilizing tigers or guiding endangered birds . 
  i see that the nazis have not lost their love of stupid mustaches . 
  * ahem *, 
  ** we will sue you !, 
  sue you !, 
  `` c'mon dad , i 'm not even trying . 
  you can do it . 
  you can have a mug of bovril if you score a goal . '', 
  well , the nazis are n't going to confuse latvians with peruvians ... 
  should n't they be used to it by now ? 
  how is this news ? 
  then call it southern europe . 
  simple, 
  perhaps in the future , once the negative connotation has gone away , the eastern part of europe can be referred to as eastern europe again . 
  until then , i understand and support calling it central europe . 
  no gods , no kings . 
  it sounds like this rywin guy was an idiot . 
  `` here , let me solicite a bribe from the newsmedia . 
  what can go wrong ? 
  surely the reporters wo n't report on it . '', 
  i thought `` idiot '' meant idiot in german . 
  is a tor a special kind of idiot ? 
  man , fuck the city . 
  london is fine but the city of london is just one gigantic statue of a cock made money and shit . 
  i guarantee you that the one thing that could bring the east end and west end together is an attack on the city . 
  making progress i see . 
  do n't worry , if israel could resurrect hebrew then any language can be brought back to life , or to full health in gaelic 's case . 
  does n't sound like the end of democracy but it is certainly a `` watergate '' . 
  you have to force all of these politicians out of office immediately . 
  when is your next election ? 
  well that was n't very nice ... 
  i was making a joke based on the shift of the balance of power from the old world to the new over the last century . 
  you did n't get it . 
  no , he 's not from the colonies , he is from america . 
  * your * from our colonies !, 
  colonial ? 
  but he is american , not european . 
  lies !, 
  there is one . 
  his name is steve . 
  he is offended . 
  at this point , we know the difference . 
  we 're just trolling you . 
  you do n't know that is american . 
  it could be any english speaking nation, 
  do you want to get liberated ? 
  because this is how you get liberated !, 
  shhhhhhhhhhh , soon ... 
  that hurt ... 
  i 'm sorry that you had such bad experience . 
  which part of america did you live in ? 
  i 'm surprised that they did n't strap wings on to that ... 
  i was n't saying that the situation was the same in america and europe , or france in particular , i was simply stating how it was in america . 
  i would like to point out that religious tolerance in america is not a religious tradition but a civic one . 
  in fact , i would say that the bible belt is less tolerant than the more secular areas , such as the west coast . 
  the civic tradition also does n't apply just to religion but culture too . 
  as per france , you had 40 years to assimilate them into your general populace . 
  that would have been done easily in america . 
  the cure for europe 's problems is to stop seeing a nation as a certain group of people with similar chromosomes and start seeing a nation as a group of people who follow the same culture . 
  if you tear down the barriers to assimilation ( the fn fascists for example ) then you would be able to assimilate them . 
  i mean , you 're france , you have one of the most influential cultures in the world . 
  then flair up, 
  i do not understand your point . 
  aboriginal/colonizer relationships are a different dynamic than regular immigration . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  their competency can be seen in their architecture and military achievements . 
  their work ethic can be seen in the day to day duties of a legionary . 
  and if you believe this , i have a nigerian prince who would like to speak with you . 
  we americans have already tried having the whites control society for their benefit . 
  it did n't work out too well . 
  overall , the population is quite low , but it is concentrated in places . 
  there is a large population of arabs ( mostly lebanese ) in dearborn , michigan as well as a moderate somali population in columbus . 
  they have never caused us any trouble . 
  notice how we take the same individuals as you guys , and they do n't become terrorists , except on very rare occasions . 
  they just are n't used to it . 
  remember , for a lot of countries , this is their first immigration wave, 
  befriend a muslim . 
  if you can put a face to a culture/religion/etc , then it will enlighten you to that universal truth : people are people .
