  as a leftist , i would like to contradict you for entirely selfish reasons, 
  we will see how the crimeans like being russian . 
  i give them two years until they start crying to be let back into ukraine . 
  so says an iranian professor , hossein o'askari . 
  why does britain hate juncker so much ? 
  damn . 
  when you said secret formula , i was hoping for a good greek recipe . 
  drop a roman into modern day rome , or better yet naples . 
  see how quickly he gets angry at all the shit that does n't work . 
  i assumed we were talking about this decade . 
  we did n't flood serbia . 
  we do n't control the weather ^ yet, 
  that is both horrible and hilarious . 
  i would say that the chinese are the worst tourists . 
  they are louder than us , they carve their names into everything they see and give no respect to their host nation . 
  however , they are new to the whole tourist thing . 
  hopefully they will learn . 
  my family has always been very leftist , especially for america , so as a kid i was told that the soviets were a failed experiment . 
  stalin was a horrible person , trotsky was a mensch , etc. 
  the ussr was already dead and gone before my birth so it was all history . 
  as people with brains do , i developed my own opinions , separate from those of my father in particular , as i came of age . 
  i did this through history books , documentaries , and the like . 
  reality was not nearly as kind to the soviets as my father was . 
  the ussr is n't really taught in american schools until the 9th grade . 
  it is covered in relative detail in ap european history , the aps being the rough american equivalent of a levels . 
  also , as a suggestion , do n't listen to anything that comes out of marine le pen 's mouth . 
  her head is stuck just as far up her ass as her father 's is , she just is n't as vocal about it . 
   worst tourists goddammit britain , you know that is our thing !, 
  we have china going about challenging us for the title of worst tourists . 
  the last thing we need is more competition . 
   i do n't see europe being so hostile to muslims and the fn , ukip , and all the other nationalists parties are what ? 
  and what about the swiss minaret ban or the french ban on headscarves . 
  you accuse me of rose-colored glasses but i can accuse you of the same . 
  as per what i said about minorities in europe for the first time , i could have been more clear . 
  i did not mean merely ethnic minorities such as the jews or the roma ( obviously you have had those for a long time ) . 
  i meant racial minorities , which is what is usually being referred to when someone says `` minority '' in america . 
  racial minorities in europe have been low throughout history ( with the exception of the moors of iberia and turks throughout the former ottoman empire , and look how that turned out . 
  the presence of a large level of muslim immigration , which is in and of itself a misleading term , for turks are different from algerians are different from pakistanis , is a recent development . 
  gun advocacy ( which i am against . 
  i do n't understand my fellow americans on this point ) is not tied into race . 
  europe can teach us a thing or two about racist politicians . 
  some fn town councilors called mandela a terrorist recently . 
  they would be run out of town on a rail if they said that in america . 
  same thing applies to papa le pen 's ebola comments . 
  schools are n't segregated , the communities that they serve are because of economic disparities . 
  and i have said before that those economic disparities should be the next targets to fix . 
   a large portion of the white population is racist towards the black population and a large portion of the black population is racist towards the white population ... because you know my country better than i do ? 
  people often accuse america of arrogance , without realizing that arrogance is two-way street . 
  the escape valve theory is misguided . 
  just look at this [ map ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:census-2000-data-top-us-ancestries-by-county.svg ) . 
  the vast majority of minorities remain in the cities , with the exception of blacks in the south and hispanics in the southwest . 
  but that is because that those population were either forced their , in the case of the blacks , or lived there before that territory was brought into the union , in the case of the hispanics . 
  and of course we are the leader in race riots for the time being , europe has only acquired minorities of a different race quite recently . 
  look at what happened with the london riots . 
  expect more of that in your cities in the future , as long as remain so hostile to muslim immigrants . 
  you have no idea how bad it used to be . 
  de-facto segregation based on economics is the next problem we have to tackle . 
  and the main problem is economic , just look at the relative co-mingling of whites and asians , who have similar income levels . 
  slavery was america 's original sin and we are still trying to force it out of our system . 
  as much you try to turn my words against me , i have never claimed that we are perfect . 
  i just merely state that we have made great progress . 
  think about how bad that the situation used to be for this to be great progress . 
  think about how hard we had to struggle to turn [ this ] ( http://pdnpulse.pdnonline.com/wp-content/themes/pdnpulse_new/images/typepad/6a00d8341ce76f53ef013485161993970c-800wi.jpg ) to [ this ] ( http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/imagecache/embedded_img_full/image/image_file/p012113sh-0576_1.jpg?itok=ueorc1sz ) . 
  i was in my local democratic party headquarters on that night in 2008 . 
  it was about half-and-half black and white . 
  one half merely cheered and the other half cried tears of joy . 
  i saw a seventy-some year old black women , who must have seen so much , in a state of rapture . 
  you look into her eyes and claim that there is n't progress and i will look it the eyes of a roma person and claim that there is n't progress . 
  then we will see who is closer to the truth . 
  and now we have much more work left . 
  europe is just having immigration and minorities in its countries for the first time , and they are turning to nationalists and fascists . 
  you have no high moral ground to criticize us from . 
  when i said it was apples and oranges i was not talking about the people themselves but the situation that they are in and the dynamic governing that situation . 
  with the native americans it is that of an aboriginal living as a minority in a society that came into existense by pushing the native americans off of their land . 
  with the roma , it is that of a minority which occupies a nomadic lifestyle in societies that are sedentary and developed . 
  as with all situations , there are similarities , but we have to keep in mind that there are significant differences as well . 
  native policy in america can be compared with aboriginal policy in australia quite easily , but with the roma or hakka less so . 
  i am relatively familiar ( obviously not as much as those with firsthand experience ) with the problem that is roma 's non-involvement in mainstream society . 
  i am merely posing a solution that the soft-power of cultural assimilation is the best option . 
  this can be done via the mere existence of a popular culture that is not hostile towards the roma and getting the roma children to go to school . 
  the latter , as has been mentioned , is hard and unfortunately is not a problem ( in the context of finding solutions that can apply to the roma ) that america has ever faced except for the amish . 
  and with the amish , it as not education but the control and subject matter of education that was the problem . 
  it is our culture of acceptance and tolerance that can be applied to europe . 
  as for education , you will have to find your own solution . 
  i 'm sorry that we could not help with that . 
  i have already addressed the black community . 
  we have made great progress , but the size of the problem is vast and deep . 
  however , progress is visible to all . 
  just compare what is the situation today with the situation that existed in 1960 . 
  the mexicans have never stopped immigrating here , so , from an outsiders perspective , i can see why you would think they do n't assimilate . 
  but they do . 
  instead of looking at the community in general , with its constant influx since the expansion of our republic in the american west , look at the progress of each mexican family . 
  the first generation is mexican . 
  the second generation is mexican-american , and the third generation is an american of mexican heritage . 
  look at the history and population of american hispanics , a significant number of third generation american hispanics that do n't even speak spanish . 
  assimilation is harder and it takes longer than the assimilation of european peoples , due to the race issue , but it does happen routinely . 
  i can not defend what america has done to the native americans . 
  it is a black stain on our history and , to a lesser extent , on our present . 
  but you are comparing apples and oranges . 
  the relationship between america and her native peoples is one between dominant migrant colonizers and aboriginals .
