  we will not know what the saudi people 's will is until they have overthrown their regime and institute a democratic republic . 
  if they wish to remain isolated , then they will meet with success in that as long as they have oil ( about a century , at this pace ) . 
  once that artificial prop is gone , then their uncompetitive economy will collapse and they will become prey for diversified powers . 
   i can still enjoy the joys of arab culture without arab culture being on my doorstep i have read that sentence multiple times but i still can not make sense of it . 
  `` i can enjoy something without having access to that something . '', 
  arab culture is not an all-or-nothing thing . 
  it is a collection of cultural traits that we have given a short hand . 
  there are some traits of arab culture , or most other major cultures for that matter , everywhere . 
  even if that trait is simply a kabob or their famous hospitality . 
  eating a shwarma does not mean that one has to wear a burqa . 
  the people pick and choose amongst the traits and choose the traits that are beneficial on a personal level . 
   the israeli 's want to keep their country majority jewish . 
  and yet they drink coca cola , eat falafel , and do lots of other things without the label `` jewish '' on them . 
   people self segregate for a reason . 
  my half scottish half jewish lithuanian self and my taiwanese-american girlfriend disagree with you . 
   i seriously doubt you 'd ever move to a minority white country . 
  depending on the career path i choose , i may move to taiwan . 
  job prospects in academia for specialist in western history are very good there . 
  i would also consider china too , if it was n't a dictatorship . 
  is it hard to have other people refute your prejudices ? 
  perhaps if you removed your head from your ass and talked to people , you would have a better grasp of reality . 
  i am not defending israel right now . 
  perhaps , it would have been better to merge the jewish migrants with the local arabs to create a new population in 1947 . 
  but no one wants to live together . 
  it seems that few people over there want to even live side-by-side . 
   so you build a missile shield around the country , say that it has nothing to do with said country but refuse offer of joint work , and still expect that this would not be considered as an antagonistic move ? 
  i said nothing about whether or not russia considered us an antagonist . 
  i would not have known . 
  compare it to the relationship between india and pakistan . 
  pakistan thinks that india is about to invade at any moment while india is too busy making money to worry about pakistan . 
   by paying taxes in sweden , we know that every kid will be independent from their parents . 
  as their parents income will not affect their right to get financial aid and free education . 
  i am a progressive democrat . 
  i see this as a wonderful thing that should be imported into our country . 
  where i believe that you are mistaken is thinking that this can not be reconciled with granting the parents naming rights . 
  plus , if the kid hates his or her name , the can have it be changed by simply asking the court , paying a small processing fee , and publishing that name change in a local newspaper . 
  there are drawbacks to both granting parents absolute naming rights or restricting those rights ( allowing `` adolf hitler '' on the one hand , banning `` harriet '' on the other ) . 
  i simply believe that it is better to choose the parents in this matter . 
  you are not very good at coming up with examples , are you ? 
  of course i would not like it if isis took over my town ( although my town is cleveland , so the joke is on them ) for multiple reasons , one of them is that they are trying to enforce culture , via the restrictions of sharia law , upon a free people . 
  however , i believe i understand your point . 
  yes , when parts of a culture contradict human rights or democratic principles then those parts , but not the culture as a whole , should be rejected . 
  one can still appreciate the beauty in arab culture while outlawing female genital mutilation . 
  part of the reason why i am so accepting of all cultures is that people act in their own self-interest . 
  when women are given a choice between the stove-top and liberation , they choose liberation . 
  cultures that suppress segments of their populations are eclipsed by cultures who utilize those segments to increase their productivity . 
  you invoked darwin , so i suppose you are familiar with his theories ? 
  a good metaphor to describe this situation is that humanity is a species and each culture is a population of that species . 
  while once isolated , recent developments have brought all of the populations into the same habitat . 
  now the barriers between populations are starting to break down with interaction . 
  the traits that will survive are the ones that benefit this new global population the most . 
  and natural selection favors freedom . 
  just because some people abuse their liberties does not mean that the government has the right to take those liberties away from everyone . 
  people can name their kids `` adolf hitler '' if they want to in the same way that the paprazzi can hound celebrities for embarrassing photos . 
  should they do it ? 
  but the rights of the people to name their children what they please and to freedom of the press should be maintained . 
  part of freedom is the freedom to make stupid decisions . 
  and `` harriet '' is not a stupid decision . 
  the sepratists started shooting first , with russian guns and russian military leadership ( although we do not know for certain whether these are nationalists acting on their own intiative or putin 's goons . 
  i suspect a mixture of the two ) . 
  but alas , we are debating something which can not be known for certain at the moment . 
  and just because we refused russia 's offer on the missiles did not mean that we thought of them as an antagonist , it means that we did not think of them as an ally . 
  the will of the people en masse can still by tyrannous . 
  just look at my country 's shameful past with jim crow laws for an example . 
  basic rights and liberties are some of the few things on the face of the earth which can legitimately contradict the will of the people . 
  they can make laws as long as those laws do not infringe on the rights of its citizens . 
  i believe that this law crosses that line . 
  the connection that you referred to does not have to be nationality . 
  in fact , it is much better if the government is founded on principles rather than a nation . 
  that way it is easier to assimilate immigrants . 
  as a white leftist , i disagree . 
  culture is not a granite monument , it is fluid . 
  our present culture is but a snapshot of process that began at the dawn of humanity . 
  i want it to continue to merge , mix and develop with other culture . 
  i want to build a free culture , a world culture . 
  as an american , i meet people with exotic names and surnames every day . 
  to me they are fellow americans . 
  enforcing a culture is tyrannical and near impossible , instead it should be free . 
  let the people choose what language to speak , tales to tell , and music to play . 
  that is freedom . 
  or because they think that the government has better things to than launch a crusade on `` harriet '' . 
  if a person does something that makes them happy and does not hurt anyone , then who is the government to intervene ? 
  in america , you can change your name whenever you want , just go to a court to register and pay a processing fee . 
  is it not like this everywhere ? 
  watcha goin ta doooo about it , ivan ? 
  europe is free !, 
  which is tyranny , doing something because you like it or being told by your government that you ca n't do something because someone a few thousand miles away did it first ? 
  culturally speaking , yes . 
  hell , we are speaking in the open border of the internet right now . 
  well maybe if the serbs were n't committing genocide we would n't have had to intervene . 
  i do n't see why russians are still angry about kosovo . 
  the serbs brought our invasion down upon them the same way the georgians brought your invasion down upon them , sheer stupidity . 
  perhaps if you held your dog 's leash so that it did n't bite people we would n't have had to put it down . 
  yes but putin 's actions turned eastern europe into an armed camp and have started a civil war in eastern ukraine . 
  many people have died and now war is on the table when discussing russia . 
  the west no longer sees russia as a neutral power but an aggressive and imperialistic destabilizing force that is drooling over the baltics , our allies , and poland , a western power . 
  its a western nickname for the russians , sort of like how we call the germans `` fritz '' and the brits `` tommy '' . 
  not that you would know any of this you dirty roosky propaganist . 
  you used only one stereotype and it did not involve hamburgers , at least put in some effort . 
  if you like scottish sheep shagging let me bring you to wales or new zealand .
