you got rekt by turks i would say that getting slowly conquered by a much larger empire over 200 years , and then continuing to resist their rule the whole time and winning our own independence is a pretty good achievement . 
  more noble than being docile slaves to austrians , hungarians and venetians for almost a millenium . 
   color of serbian people is also darker [ `` croats are whiiiiite '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fojomjs.png ) - you  you have more turkish traditions kek , as if ~ ~ dalmatian germans ~ ~ croats have retained any more of their ancient slavic traditions . 
   for ww1 you lost 25 % of population in war and were 100 % occupied . 
  your army run like rabbits out of serbia . 
  ... yes , and our army was 11 times smaller than the austro-hungarian one , and we held them off for a year . 
  then when the austrians came in and started massacring civilians , we fled , because all the fighting-age men had been killed and women and children are n't known for their self-defense skills . 
  `` lel the serbs celebrate defeats ! '', 
  yes , they were defeats , but the point is that did much better than we should have been able to . 
  that counts as success . 
  this is just a bait used by butthurt serb-haters . 
   stop living in a lie they tell you acknowledge the 500000 serbs murdered by the ustashas and maybe i will :\\ ^ ), 
   500 years under turks actually we spent the years 1540-1817 under the ottomans - a period of 277 years . 
  whereas the croats spent 816 years under hungary ( 1102-1918 ) , which is almost three times the length of the ottoman occupation of the serbs . 
  most of the croats ( except for the crazy nazi radicals ) were apparently perfectly alright with being enslaved to another nation . 
   ww1 ww1 was one of our greatest successes , we held out far longer than expected . 
  not sure what you 're talking about . 
  well , technically , albania is not part of europe , and is actually located in a remote region of the seventh circle of hell . 
  that 's why there are so many albanians there . 
  he makes up for it by being ridiculously populist that 's really his biggest appeal for many of the voter base ( especially bored seniors ) , and how he presents himself as a `` strong leader '' . 
  well , if you 're going for the nightlife , belgrade is actually a surprisingly good place for that . 
  the population 's political views do n't affect that part . 
  you do n't need a visa , either , unlike for russia . 
  but as far as that subtle jab goes , i make no apologies for my people 's beliefs . 
  the arab world has far more radical views and germany 's really friendly with them , 
  well , i 'd say a large portion of the population is xenophobic and likes a strong leader who is conservative , really abrasive and personally charismatic at the same time . 
  that 's why we have ~ ~ discount putin ~ ~ vucic hillary 's appeals to muslims alienate her from a large portion of our voting base too . 
  consider that we are a people that values spiting their enemies more than uplifting themselves, 
  it 's a somewhat common joke here in serbia that the union will fall apart either right before we join or right as we do . 
  kosovo was forcefully broken off at the whim of the usa , in their own geopolitical interest , not out of any particular goodwill towards the kosovars . 
  remember , this is the same nation that supported the genocide of the bangladeshis by pakistani troops in that country 's conflict against india , as they wished to avoid extended indian-soviet relations . 
  it 's no surprise that kosovo hosts a [ major american military base  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_bondsteel ) and that the resource-rich region is being [ targeted for exploitation by western industry , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo#economy ) as the previously exclusive ability of the publicly-owned serbian companies to access the natural resources clearly did not sit well with american plutocrats . 
  in fact the forceful `` opening '' of previously-socialist markets was a prime target of the clinton and blair neoconservative policies . 
  nato and america are the only reason for kosovo 's sovereignty and continued existence . 
  i 'll just respond to all of your points on this comment , it 's easier . 
   on the other hand you gave part of your country in order to join eu . 
  suck up . 
  unfortunately for you , the policies our barely-legitimate government pursues today with regards to kosovo can not counter hundreds of years of croatia 's own history . 
  you 're basically like the uk criticizing russia for expanding their territory illegitimately despite their own dishonest colonial record . 
   serbs in krajna first did ethnic clensing of krajna from croatians . 
  they called us all ustase . 
  this is rasist behavior . 
  if you want to talk about who did what first , i will point you at tudjman 's extreme nationalism , renaming streets after prominent members of the ustasha and visiting and rewarding ustasha veterans for their service to the croat nation . 
  very noble . 
  if you want to go back even further , the only reason the serbs were distrustful of croats to begin with was the unprovoked murder , expulsion and forced assimilation of serbs under the ndh . 
  the unfortunate fact is that the modern croat state could not exist without the genocide and purging of hundreds of thousands of serbs in wwii , and a smaller-scale repetition of that in the yugoslav wars . 
  croats criticize serbs for wanting to create greater serbia , disregarding the fact that modern croatia is essentially greater croatia . 
   serbs attacked first so they were just supposed to accept a spreading atmosphere of serbophobia promoted by the croatian leadership ? 
   we took back our land . 
  actually you took serb land . 
   another reason why we attacked and world was fine with it well most of the world was perfectly fine with the war going on , as evidenced by the arms embargo on yugoslavia implemented by the un . 
  the exception was the americans , who disregarded that and aided croat and bosniak forces , and later directly intervened in bosnia to further weaken the serbs . 
  so , on top of the arms they already had from jna defectors , the croats had access to american weapons . 
  the serbs did not have this advantage . 
   can you explain to us logic behind serbian pride ? 
  first of all , i 've explained many times why serbs are proud , you must be pretty dumb not to have gotten it at this point . 
  it 's because they 're not dead . 
  when they 've been attacked , purged , and relocated so many times throughout history it 's a miracle serbs still exist , and that is why we 're proud . 
  i 'd actually like to question where croat pride comes from , because aside from their successful independence war , the rest of croatia 's history has not been very impressive . 
  aside from a relatively short-lived medieval kingdom and today 's independent croatia , the croats have always been the dogs of some foreign power , used for that powers own interests , whether it was the venetians/austrians against the turks on the border or the nazis against serb civilians , or in the yugoslav wars as the hand of the west 's neoconservative imperialism . 
   in last 20 year 's we did n't give anything to anyone and got everything we wanted . 
  in this definition you 've forgotten to mention all the things others gave you so you could get what you wanted . 
  relying on foreign powers does n't necessitate giving them anything . 
  i suppose receiving weapons , intelligence and actually competent commanding officers from nato does n't count , huh ? 
  because this was the moment when croatia was able to start winning . 
   it seem 's serbia army is not so good in fighting against armed soldiers . 
  because the croatian army was definitely fighting the jna , and not a civilian militia that was less than a quarter of their size . 
  oh wait , no , it was the exact * opposite * of that . 
  operation storm was conducted literally conducted against civilians , what a proud moment for croatia 's manly warriors . 
  the croats did more ethnic cleansing than serbs so i 'm not sure how you feel you can criticize us for this . 
   we were bombed much more somehow i doubt that the serb artillery could match nato strategic stealth bombers ( guided by american satellite imagery ) in intensity . 
  i thought serbs were the ones who were supposed to be liars but you 're proving very skilled at it . 
   you bend over when somebody snap 's it 's fingers . 
  look for next 6 month 's who will fuck you . 
  we will bleed you dry before you enter eu . 
  come on now , if this is what the attitude 's going to be like , we will never be friends :\\ ^ ), 
   only your nation sees loosing as something positive . 
  this is what serbia is known for . 
  i mean generally survival is seen as a positive thing , and when you get invaded and attacked ten billion times , surviving that is an achievement . 
  i wo n't argue with you about this any further because if you ca n't understand even this explanation then you are clearly retarded . 
   that 's the reason people do n't like your nation unlike croats , serbs do n't feel the need to suck the dicks of other nations , and this does n't matter to us . 
   if generations are learned this way , we will never be friends \\  implying we want to be friends  first chance there is you will get rekt again . 
  compromising on your principles is worse than `` getting rekt '' , because if a serb lets himself be intimidated by foreign powers , then he is not a serb . 
  for croats this is not the case , because croats have done nothing except suck up to foreign powers for thousands of years , so it is an irreplaceable part of their culture and mindset . 
  i do n't see how posting proof counts as making fun though, 
  haha literally what was the point of this comment, 
  this is one of the odder situations like this . 
  loosely speaking , it would be like someone from belarus opposing the annexation of crimea . 
  you would probably assume they 're ukrainian since belarussians overwhelmingly tend to support russia . 
  honestly , it was really a low-effort troll attempt . 
  it 's just that my impression of greece and greeks , from my visits there and from online discussions and from geopolitics , contradicts your depiction quite a bit . 
  arvanite detected, 
  so your argument boils down to `` if you ca n't beat them , join them '' ? 
  if you 're going to argue that an outcome is inevitable no matter the approach , you have to make sure that both approaches are equally bad , which is absolutely not the case . 
  what problems of ours could the eu solve ? 
  can it solve our pitiful birthrates ? 
  in the past it has never solved this problem , merely avoided it by allowing in hordes of foreigners , regardless of future demographic concerns . 
  can it solve political corruption ? 
  sure , it 's what the government promises , but what vucic aims to do is use the political authority drawn from the eu accession procedure to disenfranchise his shady political enemies their while strengthening his own equally shady political bloc . 
  this has happened in bulgaria and croatia .
