  the exception that made england rise above the rest was the fact that you ca n't march an army from france or germany to england . 
  but i want an eu army , not a cooperation of boring stuff . 
  something that can replace nato , kick the russians out of ukraine , or enforce peace in libya , that would be useful . 
  i do n't know why these villagers are killing all of the bees , but that rock has to be part of it . 
  please do n't take this an insult , but the gordian knot is n't untied . 
  if you do n't know the story , which i think you might not because you talk about untying it , then have a looksy . 
  it 's not too long and it is often used as a metaphor . 
  i suspect you could find a german translation of the greek myth ( gordischer knoten ) if you are more comfortable with that , but there is a short version on the english wikipedia right [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gordian_knot#legend ), 
  i mean that we should focus our efforts on the political problem . 
  the rest will follow if we solve it . 
  the eu is something that might be unique and it might not be . 
  if we 're going to become a federalized state , then the members will eventually give up their military sovereignty . 
  much like the states in the usa did . 
  but if we are not on a path to federalization , which is quite likely , then we need something else , something that preserves national sovereignty , but also allows us to unite our voices when we need to . 
  if we need it then the invention of that something else is more important than building bombs and rockets . 
  we need a military structure more than we need an army . 
  the eu ca n't become an army with a state , or with something that 's state-like . 
  we have tried that in europe , it 's not a nice way to live . 
  but what i mean is that the lack of competency is the core of the issue . 
  the eu ca n't have the competency because of political disunity and the eu ca n't resolve the disunity because it lacks the competency to do so . 
  until that gordian knot gets cut , any eu army would be useless . 
  i 'm not convinced the eu will ever get the ultimate responsibility for defense , because that would undermine any national claim to sovereignty . 
  even if the world will pass us europeans by if we choose to act alone instead of making a united stand . 
  but it never explains that the eu does n't have the authority or popular mandate to hold the power to make war in the name of all eu citizens . 
  if the eu ca n't make war , then it is pretty silly to build it an eu army . 
  that basic fact is the source for all problems that this article illustrates . 
  there is little we can do about that because it is politically impossible and probably also unwise to give the eu final responsibility over defense . 
  now on to this quote :  the uk ... is more immune to protectionist tendencies than many of its european counterparts . 
  this is something i 'm not entirely convinced of , though many english newspapers say this often . 
  in some of the brexit talk i recognize pure protectionist tendencies . 
  funny thing that those cases were brought at the request of african governments . 
  it 's a little like complaining that your fridge is full of the stuff you bought . 
  icbms have a chance of going off by pure accident . 
  there is the famous damascus incident where an icbm exploded in it 's silo , slinging the warhead into the sky . 
  it did n't go off because the security measures worked , but is n't something you want to rely on . 
  the same security measures saved hundred if not thousands of lives on the not so infrequent occasions when nuclear bombs fell out of airplanes by accident . 
  and that 's just what the americans did , odds are that the ussr has an even longer list of mistakes they made with nuclear bombs . 
  just the number of bombs standing ready to unleash mayhem mean that destruction from the us or russia is more likely . 
  certainly when no sane personwouldlaunch the indian or pakistani nuclear arsenal and expect their country to come out alive . 
  the us and russia have giant arsenals . 
  by the sheer weight of numbers they are the ones most likely to make the mistake that triggers the terrors you describe . 
  if we 're going by the threat of bad government , the risk seems higher in just about any place you can name , compared to europe . 
  the relative rise in world risk does n't grow significantly if we add a thousand weapons to defend europe . 
  particularly because they would just be replacing american weapons . 
  yes either it will induce the npt beneficiaries to walking the walk , or it will balance out the situation . 
  nobody has ever used those bombs when there was a credible threat of reprisal . 
  i do n't see how you think that would change . 
  how about you explain why i 'm wrong . 
  in theory downvotes should correlate to uninteresting posts that add little to the conversation . 
  i really do n't see how it makes the world more dangerous if we have our nuclear umbrella to deter the russians , instead of relying on the american * one . 
  * edit to make sense, 
  the same place as it does in the usa . 
  the tax payer . 
  think about it like this though , it is cheaper than a war with russia . 
  the only way we end up at ww3 is if one side makes a mistake and thinks they can get away with something , but it turns out they really ca n't . 
  by the time that becomes clear , it the chain of events ca n't be stopped . 
  as long as everything is assured , then the opponent is deterred and we prevent ww3 . 
  by making more nuclear missiles and making it absolutely clear that we will use them , we are in fact making ww3 less likely . 
  well think of it like this , at least you 're not in the euro . 
  the odds are pretty decent that the euro will stop being money at some point in the near future . 
  yes there were other parties as well . 
  trump got 47 % or so i believe . 
  that is about 60 million votes , while there are over 300 million americans . 
  most of them did n't vote for trump by a huge margin . 
  while the odds that you voted for trump are slim * , we do live in the trumpian world now . 
  it was always a bit of a tall order that the usa would start a nuclear war over germany or poland , no matter what has been promised . 
  now with trump it 's downright incredible . 
  if he 's willing to kick nations out of nato , then it is a near certainty that he wo n't keep the nuclear umbrella up . 
  * most americans did n't vote , most who did vote picked someone other that trump . 
  the dolphin class submarines are believed to nuclear armed , ensuring israel 's second strike capability . 
  they are just mundane cruise missiles though , you are right about that . 
  in the npt all nuclear powers promised to work towards a world free of these weapons . 
  seeing how that is not happening i do n't see why we should keep out end of the bargain . 
  russia invading ukraine showed how they really feel about nonproliferation , it 's time we act on that knowledge . 
  when we have a good arsenal , put the nuclear tipped missiles on a hair trigger in estonia , latvia and poland . 
  if kaliningrad is going to be full of missiles aimed at us , then the only way to react is by increasing the credibility of mad . 
  i think we should just proliferate . 
  way simpler to arrange , more credible and very feasible for most eu nations . 
  we already have uranium enrichment plants for the nuclear electricity plants . 
  we could pool the development costs of the icbms and use the kind of submarines germany built for israel and those that france builds for itself to create a second strike capacity . 
  if the russian aim thousands of missiles at europe , we should all return the favor . 
  what happened to no negotiation without triggerization ? 
  if we wo n't negotiate until the article 50 is triggered then it hardly matters if the uk puts their cards on the table now or in a couple months . 
  it is annoying though that the uk can still block programs that do n't concern them anymore . 
  because of the dutch and french no the eu does n't have a constitution . 
  instead we have something called the lisbon treaty . 
  ] ( http://visboo.com/img/photos/lego_art_02.jpg ), 
  because a small of an army integrated into nato is pretty useless for that small nation . 
  it ca n't operate independently because it does n't have the global logistics network , often not even all that is necessary to maintain an army in the field . 
  at the same time all of nato is so big that it hardly makes any difference how large the small dutch contribution is . 
  more spending does n't create more options abroad and it does n't increase defense at home . 
  all that more spending would achieve is more spending . 
  it might be useful is we invest an extra percentage point in r&d and invent a useful gadget , it might make some people comfortable if we spend more on retired veterans , but it wo n't do us or the world much quantifiable good if we build a fighting ready army that is twice as big as it is now . 
  unless the trumpident kicks us out of nato if we do n't of course . 
  but if you consider what we would have to do to make our own credible defense of europe , then the usa would lose something in the process . 
  we would need an army that has as many land weapons , guns , cannons , airplanes , and other military units . 
  we would need a joined nuclear deterrent , unless we 're all going to trust the french . 
  we will need a big fleet to do all of that . 
  in the end we would need to deter the russian fleet and if we 're not going to trust the usa then we certainly ca n't trust turkey .
