  most of the problems of the russian economy stem from the decline in the price of oil . 
  obama did n't do that , the west did n't do that . 
  that flows forth from realities , like the invention of fracking , the chinese slow down , and the political situation of iran . 
  there is no sole architect of that result and obama is not such more responsible for that outcome than putin is . 
  the embargoes on russia are a drop in the bucket . 
  the counter sanctions on europe and america also cost russia money . 
  that is probably the biggest thing you can directly lay at putin 's feet . 
  though the money in those panamanian records imply that the thievery at the top might be an equally good factor . 
  there 's occupation and occupation my friend . 
  the stupid way finns pretend not to know swedish echoes the crimes of the past , even if mr norway does n't know anything about them . 
  the uk voted voted to stop fulfilling eu obligations . 
  no more paying into the budget , no more freedom of movement , sovereignty from eu law and eu courts . 
  that 's within the uk 's rights , but if they do that then the uk needs to leave the single market . 
  we can eventually negotiate a ttip but then for the uk . 
  in due time that will happen , that 's the best attainable outcome . 
  yes it 's from back before the invention of sweden . 
  i think they go straight for the source and try to imply they are unreliable . 
  something like : everyone knows inform napalm is a cia propaganda operation , you can tell because bla bla bla, 
  but he 's a skilled politician . 
  look at how the left poland . 
  from what i understand his party was in tatters and clearly going to lose , but he saved himself . 
  now here he is in an office , which most people in the eu do n't understand , and he is constantly in the news , in a good way . 
  making good points , pushing where he can , looking important and being seen in the right company . 
  this man is a political survivor with enough skill to measure himself against eu bigwigs . 
  there he stands looking bland , doing a job with no electoral mandate and no real power . 
  he still gets to sit at the big boy 's table , he still manages to tweak the eu 's course every now and then , for example on the issue of proposed sanctions against the illiberal pis , which he managed to delay . 
  eu leaders with real power listen to him and respect him . 
  pis is trying to get him removed from his office , but tusk has made such a good impression that the eu might just keep him around anyway . 
  the tusk knows how to play the political game . 
  i think he 's the best leading politician we 've got in the eu . 
  nobody has joined the euro in years even though they are obliged to by eu treaty . 
  scotland would n't have that problem anymore than sweden does . 
  the uk might take the pound though, 
  i do n't think brexit will matter half as much to the uk as most people seem to think . 
  i believe that our consensus seeking toothless eu politicians will come up with something that takes forever and is mostly boring . 
  the political risks come from eurosceptics who might collapse the while eu and from separatists in the uk . 
  i hear talk of renewed irish trouble and scottish referendums . 
  those are n't purely brexit issues though . 
  if i had money to waste and knew how to speculate , then i would bet that the pound will also go back up before too long . 
  the voters who elected pis the largest party in the polish sejm . 
  a large fraction of poles elected these politics over all alternatives in a free election , completely out of their own will . 
  this is n't some sort of trick , the leader has n't lost his common touch . 
  in poland a large part of society will like this kind of policy . 
  brexit talk also move the euro is what i mean . 
  both the referendum result and even a tiny bump down when may made her brexit speech at the conservative party referendum . 
  this goes both ways , it 's worse for the uk , but there 's more of us . 
  the sum of our combined suffering because of brexit will be greater too . 
  we did n't even get to vote on it . 
  the euro is down too and we did n't even get to vote for the english to leave . 
  i 'm not convinced scotxit will happen , but i do think it is less likely if eu membership is n't a sure thing for the future would be state . 
  so sturgeon would have an incentive to keep pace with brexit . 
  i suspect that if scotland were to become independent , then it would work better if it were in the eu . 
  the smaller the nation the more of a problem it is to face the world without the eu to find strength in numbers . 
  if it 's about eu membership , then maybe she wants to be able to trigger a second referendum before the uk has formally left the eu . 
  that might make it easier to steer scotland into the eu . 
  also it will add another layer of chaos to the brexit party . 
  fire and bomb the place to create a desert where a city stood for centuries . 
  call it peace . 
  or this was happening because so much of the eu 's military might left with the uk . 
  now to not be weak we need to team up and build a military that can do what we need it to , even without the uk . 
  i do n't follow fill a plastic bag with helium , then put it over you 're head and breath in and out until you 're dead . 
  getting the helium is the most complicated part . 
  a convenient bag might take some searching too , you want to be able to tighten it around the neck i believe , to minimize the loss of helium . 
  but you could probably figure something out for that if you wanted to . 
  a gun makes a mess and an ugly corpse . 
  also unless i 'm mistaken about the dimensions of a shotgun , it would take a degree of flexibility to kill oneself with such a gun . 
  finally , it 's not legal to sell guns to people without a gun licence . 
  this comment would be truer if i were a uk-ian . 
  but i 'm dutch . 
  just like you i know i 'm special and i too have agency . 
  i think my government wants to say no to a lot of eu plans . 
  by the way , i also think that greece should leave the euro . 
  it may be bad for the euro , but the constant begging for ` rescue funds ' that go straight to german banks is just shameful . 
  something needs to give and the euro people have made it clear it wo n't be them . 
  it 's not legal to sell a functional suicide kit because assisting with suicide is a crime in most jurisdictions . 
  also large helium producers have taken moves to make it harder to use their helium , do n't remember how exactly . 
  the law has n't been drafted yet . 
  perhaps the method of suicide will not involve the need for a medical professional . 
  something like the helium exit bag sounds relatively easy to set up for the layman . 
  yes radio , until it is down to just lepen and farage . 
  they will form a perfect union . 
  i suspect some other member states did n't feel the need to voice their objections because they could hide behind the broad shoulders of the uk . 
  but where will we end up ? 
  there will probably need to be some sort of trade agreement , even if it is n't membership of the single market . 
  what will that be ? 
  can we know before the negotiations are over ? 
  maybe it will be like ttip , with rumors flying around right until the final draft of the agreement is released . 
  there is a certain logic to keeping your cards closed . 
  the economic uncertainty might make that disadvantageous though . 
  or fun fact , this is what poland really wants . 
  baptising every abortion , no matter the women 's inclination , or the medical merits of the case . 
  if they ca n't keep up and mad is dissolving underneath their feet , then what do you think they will do ? 
  because i doubt they 're going to go home and cry about it . 
  i expect they will look long and hard for a way to assure the us that they will be destroyed , even after a first strike . 
   `` under the pretext of countering the north korean and iranian ` missile threats , ' the system intended primarily for engaging russian and chinese missiles is being developed , '' he said . 
  that is the only mention of korea . 
  nuclear weapons launched from russia would n't fly over the korean penninsula , nor would most of the chinese ones . 
  if the missile defense system had that kind of global range from korea , then it could be installed somewhere else instead . 
  this story is not about the korean peninsula , but about the preservation of mad . 
  if the us could credibly believe that they could survive a first strike then mutual destruction is not assured .
