  there must be many people who have n't even heard of it . 
  as to the rest of your message . 
  the russians i met were bloody fine people , the best train journey i ever had was with a group of happily singing drunk russian tourists over here . 
  from the literature to the nature , russia is a mighty interesting nation . 
  i just think the government of russia has very little to do with the will of the russian people , much like the chinese government does n't need civilian input . 
  policy will be made by and for the small group of rich powerful people who cluster around putin . 
  they do n't care about much it seems , that 's why i favor making it absolutely clear when and how a future war in europe would end in disaster for everyone . 
  because then there is no reason to fight one . 
  also the kremlin needs to stop lying about the crash of mh17 . 
  someone in the russian military made a mistake and got all those people killed , the only sensible response is to admit error and make a public apology . 
  that 's what the americans did when they shot down an iranian plane in similar circumstances during the iran-iraq war . 
  this is one of those fake news stories , that everyone is talking about . 
  right ? 
  i guessed it was that song . 
  it is nice . 
  [ have you seen this movie ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sntasjk0n_y ), 
  trump suggested that other nato members were free riding by not spending 2 % of gdp on defense , thereby making america poorer . 
  this is not the case because they will have a giant defense budget no matter what we do . 
  he just said it to say it , not because it made sense . 
  i would n't be surprised if the growing military might of bigger eu armies were brought forward as anther reason to increase the us military budget . 
  the idea that russia gets to decide who countries can be friends with is the reason nato will last . 
  we 've tried deescalation by not building a nuclear capability ourselves . 
  neither the usa not russia have disarmed , while the text of the npt promises they will work towards that goal . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  the only answer is to move beyond nonproliferation . 
  in a world where all nations have the bomb , we can work towards nuclear deescalation from an equal footing . 
  fear of being burned alive by european bombs should be the price for inducing such fears in us . 
  if russia wants deescalation then their course of action should be clear . 
  give up the conquered province of crimea , stop threatening us with russian nuclear weapons , stop trying to decide which nations we may befriend . 
  also make a credible plan to reduce your nuclear stockpile to nothing . 
  nobody wants to fight russia , but if the power mad thieves in the kremlin decide it should be war then it must be absolutely clear that we will turn the world into an ashen radioactive desert if must be , but they will never win . 
  should n't that be unantastbar ? 
  it would make little sense to me otherwise . 
  the german constitution is probably younger than the un convention . 
  it is just an application of that convention , be it in a prominent place . 
  that convention was written when europe was full of refugees and we wanted other countries to help deal with the problem . 
  it also explains why the whole eu is in this state over asylum seekers , not just the eu . 
  i agree though that it makes sense to refuse the right an empty victory . 
  at least then those who support the current policies have a political home . 
  did n't trump also promise to get rid of nafta and argue against bad trade agreements ? 
  would the markets be sure that he will be able to negotiate a deal with the uk ? 
  look while there are thousands of nuclear weapons in russia pointed at us in europe , i think the only logical answer is to point as many as we can in the other direction . 
  you might be okay with the likes of putin and yeltsin having the power to kill all of us , but i think it would be fairer if we balance things out . 
  as long as we live in a world guaranteed by a nuclear suicide pact , we should all get to elect a leader who can press the button in our name . 
  well before the program is done , yes . 
  after the program is done , no . 
  if they do it quickly and quietly then the russians ca n't use the ambiguous strategies they used in crimea and the donbas in the mean time , which is enough . 
  i mean a big invasion with tanks rolling in the streets would trigger article 5 of nato . 
  after the bombs are ready and the weapons program works , they might face some blow back for the proliferation and even lose the nato membership , but a russian invasion would be deterred by lithuanian bombs . 
  no they do n't need all of that . 
  they just need a couple hundred landbased medium distance missiles so they can threaten the lives of most russians , as the bulk of russians live on the western side of the urals . 
  then the next step is to put the whole system on a hair trigger and elect someone who does not come off as entirely sane , so they can credibly threaten a first strike in case of russian aggression . 
  it would after all be national suicide to launch a first strike and sane people do n't do that . 
  for a second strike capability they would need a fleet of submarines that can deliver these missiles , which is probably too expensive . 
  but if countries like north korea , israel , pakistan , and even south africa could develop a nuclear arsenal in the past , then the lithuanians can surely do so now . 
   what does it have to do with this ? 
  that it 's a better illustration of the issues of the anti gmo people than your cartoon . 
   what does a corporate lobby group look like ? 
  as to that question , i have no real answer , just an approach that works most of the time . 
  imagine someone being paid by a corporate entity to lobby on their behalf , and what they would be saying . 
  then you compare these words to the thing that the source you are questioning says . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference then you suspect that they are funded lobbyists . 
  basically the same works for propaganda . 
  if you read carefully what i wrote then you 'll see that i said i do n't mind gmos . 
  i just thought they looked exactly like a corporate lobby group . 
  so many others must have thought this that they have a whole section of their site dedicated to the subject . 
  but if you think your little cartoon shows how bad things are then have a look at anne glover 's career . 
  she publicly said that [ gmo was safe ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/science-policymaking/news/no-risk-with-gmo-food-says-eu-chief-scientific-advisor/ ) while she was the official science advisor of the eu . 
  since they could n't prove her wrong , anti gmo organizations lobbied to abolish the position of science advisor . 
  [ in 2014 the position was gone and so was she . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/european-commission-scraps-chief-scientific-adviser-post-1.16348 ) now you tell me that is n't a better story than the your cartoon . 
  no the trick will be that the american defense spending wo n't go down by a penny . 
  geneticliteracyproject.org that sounds an awful lot like corporate-lobbying-for-gmo-disguised-as-grassroots-activism . org do n't get me wrong i think gmo-makers have a point . 
  i 'd just like them to try harder or pay me for my upvote . 
  the other one that you ca n't talk people out of is the deportation of criminals . 
  all that this policy would achieve is that it hands a get out of jail free card to people who are n't going to get asylum anyway . 
  those who get asylum need to make a credible case that they are in danger in their home country after all . 
  the way i see it there is only one way lithuania can credibly deter russian attack and that is nuclear bombs . 
  the rest is just pretending . 
  this running around in the woods , they either do it to look good , or to fool the public . 
  the moment trump said he would n't always honor nato obligations is the moment lithuania should have started their nuclear weapons program . 
  well i would say people should start by looking at that convention . 
  not by looking at eu institutions , or the german constitution . 
  there is a reason all of the eu has that law on the books and it is n't that the eu made them do it . 
  the question about the cap is what you can possibly do once you have it . 
  some asylum seeker comes to german and the cap has just been reached . 
  do you put him over the border ? 
  bordering countries wo n't like that . 
  do you send him back to where he came from ? 
  because if so then you have to figure out where that is and then convince that government to take him in . 
  during that whole time you still have to take care of him . 
  and if it turns out that the refugee is from is land or some other place where they 'll summarily upon return execute him , then what ? 
  in that case germany should at least show the grace of doing the execution in their own country . 
  in short the cap is useless in any practical sense . 
  first come up with means to deport more asylum seekers , which can then be used on denied asylum applicants . 
  second , make it so that fewer refugees reach germany , if they 're not in europe they 're not our problem . 
  that actually could work . 
  a cap will not achieve anything . 
  the main law governing the rights of refugees comes from the implementation of the [ 1951 un convention on the rights of refugees .
