  they are similar to the american events called * mass shooting * , though there is some cross over of course . 
  i always assumed that the walloons speak french with a silly accent , much like the other belgians sound silly yet cheerful when they try to speak dutch . 
  well from what i understand the main reason french has maintained its position among eu officials is that many of them live in brussels , which is a dominantly french speaking city . 
  so in that sense it 's a wallonian victory , not a french one . 
  a50 as it is generally interpreted does n't require that the future relationship be resolved . 
  in the post brexit world , the uk will need to get unanimous consent if they want a trade agreement . 
  much like ceta ca n't be implemented unless every member state and all autonomous regions agree . 
  i think that is where / u/fforw was trying to go . 
  there is also the time limit on article fifty , after two years negotiations end and the leaving member stops being an eu member , unless every member state agrees to prolong the negotiations . 
  collective memory is always a complex question . 
  some context please . 
  did they put up the decapitated statue to make a statement against franco ? 
  were the people who destroyed the statue so angry that franco was insulted that they proceded to demolish the thing ? 
  was everyone angry at franco still and was the decapitated vs demolished debate basically about how angry to be at franco ? 
  i too can randomly combine words . 
  canada is a big country with few people in it , but a lot of cold stuff . 
  that is a lot like a macdonald 's milkshake which is also cold and has a low concentration of people in it . 
  so i think that canada would be improved if we added straws to it . 
  i do n't really get the point of those little lids they put on cups though . 
  do you / u/citizen _ coping who is also a citizen of the usa understand why there are little plastic lids on cups ? 
  do you often spill drinks in america ? 
  if you want those lids then why do n't you use real lids that actually close , like a sippy cup ? 
  if you hold a coffee from starbucks upside down the stuff still falls out , even with the plastic lid . 
  the eu says it treats all of her citizens equally . 
  then the canadians came and told us they were going to discriminate against the romanians . 
  even in the great big ceta , the eu did n't care enough to do anything about that . 
  ca n't you see how that might annoy some romanians ? 
  what game was it ? 
  could you also do the invasion of russia and the battle of borodino ? 
  because the one thing i never understood about conquering russia is what you do afterwards . 
  go be king of the land of misery and winter ? 
  or do you do the sensible thing and go home to france where the weather is nice and the girls are pretty ? 
  if that is the plan all along then why not cut out the middle man and not invade russia ? 
  do you really believe scotland will leave ? 
  from what i 've read even pro scot-xit wanted to do things like stay in the internal uk market and keep the pound . 
  it seems impossible that this would happen . 
  sharing a currency if you do n't share a government is a bad idea , just look at the eurozone . 
  without eu membership scotland will be a small country with little ability to assert itself internationally . 
  with the eu you guys will probably have to erect barriers to trade with the ruk , because the brexiteers want to leave the single market . 
  both of those are really bad outcomes . 
  however unpleasant it might be to share your country with the english , i think that it is better than drawing new borders . 
  just do everything you can to preserve your culture and maintain your separate identity , but that is actually doable within a federation , just ask the swiss who have done that for centuries . 
  the man who wrote this piece was n't just a journalist writing for a domestic audience though . 
  he was involved with the yearlong negotiations with politicians all across the eu . 
  he should know that we are not in fact all empty heads waiting for the british to come along and fill our minds with knowledge . 
  yet after all of those interactions , that hard fighting to get to talk to people , he still writes like this . 
  he is still unable to fathom why eu leaders hold the opinion that the four freedoms matter . 
  how can he not have asked them that ? 
  this was published by the eu branch of politico . 
  they have an office filled with people from all over the eu and some beyond . 
  the main office is in brussels . 
  they publish in other languages than just english . 
  they even do podcasts in german , french , italian , and once they did one in dutch . 
  whatever bias the uk journalists have , i do n't see what it has to do with politico.eu . 
  as to the irish , i think they are all sitting in a merry circle singing traditional songs , on top of the mountains of wealth they have gathered as a the celtic tiger . 
  why would they have adversarial relations with anyone ? 
  that representation of the eu and all of europe as a stationary system just waiting for some british input , that is what is the weirdest thing to me . 
  there are 28 countries in the eu , 27 of them are n't the uk , it makes sense that lots of people were pulling in lots of directions . 
  the uk was n't the only one making moves or doing convincing . 
   europe 's leaders refused to break with the -- in my view , erroneous and ahistorical -- consensus around the freedom of movement of people . 
  this is the best example . 
  why do all other eu leaders hold that consensus ? 
  international trade has been liberalized under arrangements like nafta without freedom of movement . 
  they must have been aware of this fact long before mr brit-man came to the eu to spread this good news in 2014 . 
  neither is it the case that the british people are the only with anti-migrant xenophobic elements . 
  no thought is given to the issue , they are just wrong about economics and history . 
  that is the thinking of the world bestriding intellectual empire of the anglo saxons . 
  we all should have bowed out because mr cameron-aide revealed the word . 
  all people who think different are wrong , no matter if they 're french , german , or the poorest of the world in south sudan . 
  there is one right school of thought and that is whatever is in fashion in the right circles of the anglo saxon establishment . 
  that you equate innovation with competition makes your standpoint clearer , but i 'm done with this discussion i find your style of arguing unnecessarily abrasive and that 's enough for me . 
  if you ca n't bring yourself to treat me with a modicum of respect then i am done talking to you . 
  i do n't find you convincing . 
  you started talking about innovation . 
  they use many tools to grab marketshare one of them is innovation . 
  the first mover advantage can go to early innovators . 
  with good patents they can use the law to keep out competitors . 
  that 's how silicon valley innovated . 
  silicon valley makes profit by having little competition , that 's why the companies are so productive per manhour . 
  what russian tech do you mean ? 
  if ukraine is willing and able to do all of those things the eu requires before a nation can become a member , then they should be able to join . 
  they do n't meet those requirements now and wo n't meet them for years to come , what 's the point of saying that they are not on the path to membership now ? 
  it feels impolitic to the utmost . 
  the opt-out seems unworkable . 
  if everyone in the eu , even the uk , is drawn into a ukrainian conflict , then i do n't see how the netherlands could stay out . 
  no matter what a piece of paper says . 
  if the opt-out does anything , then it makes that conflict a smidgen more likely because this stance could be interpreted as support for the choices made by the murderers in the kremlin . 
  i think that is a bad sign for ukraine as their position vis a vis the russians just became weaker . 
  i think that is bad for the eu since it is now less effective at pursuing its foreign policy objectives , once of which is to avoid war with the russians , another should be to stabilie ukraine and help them become a less corrupt . 
  those sorts of problems cross borders if left unchecked . 
  i would like you to explain how facebook and google are n't doing the same thing . 
  that does n't sound promising for ukraine or the eu . 
  i 'm getting paywalled . 
  could you copy the article into the comments ? 
  the standard silicon valley model has been to grab market share in the us and then use that scale advantage to kill any possible competition . 
  that worked in the past , that still works . 
  these days they often find that it is easier to find some accommodation with the existing giants , but that does n't imply that basic business model is n't working anymore . 
  some of the eu 's actions are misrepresented . 
  the tax deal with apple was mainly about ireland and them using unfair state means to undercut the taxing of companies operating in the eu . 
  if the eu manages to win that fight , not just with ireland , but also with the netherlands and the luxembourgers , then companies will have to pay more taxes .
