  they are really tiny . 
  no this is about her position . 
  she got elected by the people , the courts do n't have the authority to remove her from that office , at least not over this . 
  that 's why politicians get away with so much , they mainline democratic power , while courts only get it implicitly . 
  if the usa do this , then the european courts would probably do what they did before and say that this violates the rights of eu citizens . 
  that means there is n't much room for manoeuvre and the eu politicians will have to do something . 
  if nothing else then fine the internet giants for so much that they leave the eu . 
  now as to the consequences , i doubt we would get a european facebook . 
  i think that instead we will get a whole new class of vpn customers so that people can go on using the old facebook after it has been barred from the eu market . 
  that too might be good though . 
  if we encrypted enough traffic then those creeps and their mass surveillance will slowly lose efficacy . 
   the uk as a whole , it 's politicians and indeed its citizens do n't want to poison the eu or see it fail , but it seems that some find it a far easier message ( they are attacking us ... ) to spin than having to explain why the uk might have voted in such large numbers to leave the union . 
  why would it be easier to explain that the majority of the uk want to destroy the eu rather than explaining that a majority merely wanted to leave it ? 
  that makes no sense to me . 
  as to which powerful politicians want that , i 'm not sure . 
  is bojo a powerful politician , or is he too stupid for that ? 
  in german you have [ these things ] ( http://www.shop.baecker-walther.de/lupe/assets/image/vkokos-makronen.jpg ) called makronen . 
  which makes me wonder why macarons turns up pictures like [ this ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/775231/images/o-macarons-facebook.jpg ) . 
  also is my translation okay ? 
  because i still do n't get the joke . 
  allors ons dance means let 's go dance . 
  macrons are some kind of baked goods . 
  la patrie has a capital letter and sounds like patriot so i guess it means the fatherland . 
   allons macrons de la patrie means we go make macrons of the fatherland . 
  if i were a betting man , then i 'd put some money on le pen now . 
  a thief , a leftist , and female french trump . 
  that 's almost like free money . 
  man i hope the french do n't vote to leave the eu or destroy the euro . 
  our eu is weak , we need to be on our guards . 
  there are so many problems right now and brexit is another , this time by the choice of the british people . 
  you might have voted remain , but most britons did n't , they voted out . 
  you might call farage a nutter * , but he is a powerful and successful politician , a man whom the british people chose to represent them in the european parliament for years , a man who almost single-handedly kept ukip together . 
  due to the fpp system of the uk his party has few seats , but in vote share his party is third or fourth . 
  these are n't just some fringe elements . 
  i read in either the guardian , or the economist that a group of the conservatives , refereed to as * the bastards * , has been maneuvering to get the uk out of the eu for years . 
  it also said their secret hope was that the eu would collapse . 
  this ambassador to the eu says just the same . 
  there is some right wing anglo-saxon school of thought that really does seek the destruction of our eu and we should be ready to resist . 
  * i 'm not familiar with the term nutter . 
  is it derisive because it relates to going nuts as in being crazy . 
  or because it relates to nutting as a slang term for ejaculation ? 
  countries can only join nato if they are allowed in by the current members . 
  in 2006 german and french pressure made it so that nato only decided that they would some day let georgia join , then never set a date or did anything about it . 
  that even though the usa were very supportive of this measure . 
  russia could thus deter nato expansion without fighting wars . 
  in 2008 the russians and georgians started a little war anyways . 
  it almost seems as if the failure to expand nato quickly enough is what draws in the russians . 
  if ukraine had joined nato around the time when poland did , then they probably would n't be in a war now . 
  have you ever heard luxembourgish ? 
  it does n't sound anything like english . 
  it 's not just may , but in the brexit campaign they were clearly supportive of the collapse of the eu . 
  farage has made statements like that . 
  some of the others too . 
  a sizeable component of the british politicians are working towards the destruction of the eu , that is why we should treat the brexit negotiations with the utmost suspicion . 
  elements on the british side do n't want to make a trade agreement , but a poisonous treaty that will murder our union . 
  a succesful europe needs to be safe and for that we need an army and a nuclear arsenal capable of detering the russians . 
  that means we need nato , the usa , and their bases . 
  if the russians just want the americans to go home , then there are few things that would have been worse than conquering crimea and arming an uprising in eastern ukraine . 
  there is hope in the uk that their exports are different . 
  they mainly export ( financial ) services , in theory much of those could be transported around the world over the internet without caring where the client is . 
  there are some cia personnel who did covert operations in the eu , but who got caught . 
  for example there is the case of a muslim man ( abu omar ) who was kidnapped in milan and then transported to egypt to be tortured . 
  the man was eventually released because he was innocent and he returned back to italy . 
  there was a lawsuit about that which resulted in the conviction of cia people . 
  instead of going to jail for their crimes , these cia people decided to go to america . 
  i mention this because often cia people are on the books as ambassadorial staff in some official position . 
  until brexit has actually happened , that does n't matter . 
  as a member of the eu , the uk has to follow the rules . 
  that means your government ca n't discriminate against any of us , even if we have the audacity to move to the uk and try to stay there . 
  1991-1917 = 74 if you take the russian revolution as the start of the ussr . 
  it becomes 69 if you start counting at 1922 when the communists won the civil war . 
  but do you know what did last eighty years ? 
  the dutch war of independence . 
  from spain !, 
  the spanish habsburger loving imperialists lost and freedom won . 
  is n't that great ? 
  you could argue that nethanyahu is also an unelected strongman to the muslim people of the west bank , but you undoubtedly have a point . 
  i think it would be better if the eu recognized the annexation of the west bank and treated palestinians the same as israeli citizens . 
  i 'm more worried about who would be recognized as the government of this palestinian state . 
  the west bank is governed by an unelected strongman and gaza is governed by hamas , i 'm not sure who leads that outfit . 
  i guess it would have to be which ever hamas member is best at not getting killed by the israelis . 
  the eu could openly start supporting attempts to break the blockade of gaza . 
  things would get very interesting if the next ship that tried to run the blockade had some military escort . 
  but on a more realistic note , it looks like the eu nations are inching towards a unilateral recognition of a palestinian state . 
  i do n't know what good that could do , because there is no such state , but official israeli policy seems to oppose any such move . 
  the joke is that this council only gets mentioned in that way . 
  if they are in the news they are always emp\u00f6rt . 
  to the casual reader it could appear that 's the only thing that council does , read the news every morning to decide whether or not to publicly state that they 're angry about it . 
  it might allow the libdems to take over as the new political home for the people who still do n't like brexit . 
  i mean if the conservatives all vote for it and labour goes along , then were else can those people go ? 
  i suspect the identifications were made by a volunteer/vigilante effort of comparing the screencaptures to random people on facebook . 
  i doubt they 're much better than that effort in the aftermath the boston marathon bombing . 
  the thing about their refugee status is truly irrelevant because we do n't know under which circumstances the assailants were in sweden . 
  there are more interesting questions to ask , like how they got into that woman 's house and how she came to be unconcious in the middle of the day . 
  but it 's all speculation and i do n't know anything more , so i would n't go around telling people like the redditor you reacted to that they are wrong . 
  it appears to be rumour right now . 
  people who said they saw the stream said they were of middle eastern appearance . 
  [ at least that 's what i could find out . 
  ] ( https://newsline.com/sweden-woman-raped-by-3-men-of-middle-eastern-appearance-broadcast-live-on-facebook/ )  according to the biggest swedish online discussion forum , flashback , facebook users who claimed to witness the live broadcast of the alleged assault were able to identify the assailants ; the trio were believed to have a middle eastern appearance . 
  i suspect the identifications were made by a volunteer/vigilante effort of comparing the screencaptures to random people on facebook .
