  as america is withdrawing from europe russia certainly could think that . 
  if you want 27 small armies that can operate independently then you have a lot of things in duplicate . 
  at the same time you never reach the scale to justify things like refueling planes or aircraft carriers . 
  certainly not for the smaller countries . 
  you cut down on some of the duplicate structures and you allocate all the money together to build one coherent force to buy the bigger things . 
  more spending will be justified by two men , trump and putin . 
  you tell me . 
  how do you notice that ? 
  we should pool the money so we can build a military that can do big missions as one . 
  not as twenty seven small armies that have twenty seven of some things but lack certain capacities thay only make sense in a bigger army . 
  the eu does have a defense obligation in its treaty . 
  the more polarized the nation becomes , the higher the stakes become in each election . 
  since government ca n't appease enough angry voters to keep business as usual going we need to change politics as usual . 
  the fact remains that the economic and social realities of our time will keep on making people angry . 
  if we angry voter wo n't vote sensibly , then polarization is the only option . 
  of all possible outcomes the elections the best we can hope for is a populist vote that is n't wholly hostile to our interests . 
  we should always aim for the best possible outcome in politics and not the moon . 
  dialogue and empathy might solve the problems of tomorrow , but we ca n't even solve the problems of today with what we have . 
  i 'll take that as a compliment . 
  but you would be using an unproven strategem which is a weak move . 
  we are better off if we build our own radical movement that defends things we hold dear . 
  we ca n't do both things at once . 
  let those on the right take the risks to fix the problem , they created it and they benefited from the destructive tactics first . 
  no that force comes from complacency in our voters . 
  so you were angry at your government . 
  that 's not enough of a reason for brexit , electing trump , or lepen . 
  a protest vote is often stupid but if the majority votes like that it becomes dangerous . 
  people fail to acknowledged the risk of destruction they take by voting for stupid things . 
  populism can only be checked if the electorate is convinced it has to make a sensible decision . 
  instead most people think it 's safe to vote for the angriest guy they can find . 
  until the majority of voters figures out how to think again , we will get results like this . 
  the fault does n't lie with politicians ignoring people , most of them would love tobe able to help those who are struggling . 
  the fault lies deeper in the system of governance and the economic issues of our time . 
  that is n't happening because nobody knows about the problem or because nobody wants to fix it , but because there are no easy solutions . 
  either we get the electorate to act on that , or we acknowledged that the chinese critics of democracy have a point . 
  as long as we ca n't do either the only hope is to play the only game in town and organize into populist parties until the whole system comes apart . 
  i think trump revealed a truth about elections in the 21st century . 
  they now work like reality tv and that mandates certain strategies . 
  empathy is n't a big factor in the success of reality tv stars . 
  if we want to defend our political and social system then we should use the tools that work . 
  not those we 'd like to use . 
  i 'm sorry man if you 're speaking the truth . 
  i think you 're looking to have a silly yet aggravating argument and i do n't feel like having one of those . 
  someone else will have to convince you of the truth if you are a kind and open-minded man, 
  no talking like he 's a misogynist means he probably is one . 
  whether he discusses sex has very little to do with it . 
  let me guess you come from / r/the _ donald just google `` trump misogyny '' because i do n't believe anything i can say will convince you . 
  trump will govern for four years , appoint up to four supreme court judges and perhaps break more international treaties than his successors can put back together . 
  also , most presidents have won their reelection campaign since the twentieth century . 
  i think the senate democrats could filibuster some of the worst proposals , but ejo knows . 
  in 2020 things might look different , but perhaps we 'll all be dead in the nuclear war trump stumbled into . 
  i can tell you now that the baltic states are gearing up for war with the russians . 
  but trump did n't use a carrot on his people who did n't agree with him either . 
  what you 're advocating is a policy of weakness . 
  we have values that we hold dear , we should n't have to give them up because your political strategy demands empathy . 
  there are judgements to be made about right and wrong and the best answer is n't always somewhere in the middle . 
  do you think trump who split his own party is going to be display empathy and understanding so he can build a wider coalition ? 
  the people who elected him did n't want that . 
  they chose the man trump is , not someone else . 
  yes the supreme court will be conservative for a while because of this . 
  one wonders should the democrats close up shop after this failure . 
  then they can make a new party for anti trump republicans and democrats who like to win elections . 
  he married four women and he still talks like a misogynist . 
  who his business partners were says little . 
  i do n't think they have a filibuster proof majority in the senate . 
  there were also a few republicans who said that trump should n't be president . 
  maybe they 'll form a coalition to cut the presidency back down to size . 
  the us president is exceptionally powerful compared to european leaders of government . 
  what do you mean by enforcing civil rights ? 
  the civil rights era did n't win until two presidents later . 
  i want to visit the trumpian wall . 
  it will be grand . 
  perhaps it will be covered in grafitti like the berlin wall , though it will stretch across the a continent . 
  but hillary supporters also faced confrontation . 
  i 'm not convinced a respectful conversation is possible with people who themselves do n't have respect for the other side of the argument . 
  we should n't let people drown in the sea . 
  we should n't deport all muslims because of the attacks . 
  there is no intrinsic harm in immigration . 
  those are n't just things people say because it is fun to force it on others , that 's what people actually believe . 
  the abuse that 's hurled the other way is worse . 
  the press is all lying , the politicians are all lying inept thieves , the foreigners are all enemies of society , the people on the left are out of touch rich people . 
  now you can say that it 's all the fault of the normal coalition , but that 's too easy , polarization comes from both sides and it can only be reduced if both sides want to do that . 
  it does n't look like that from over here . 
  the populist voters want to win , want to do it their way , they 're not hoping for consensus building . 
  that 's why the usa and china came to an agreement in paris and agreed to a climate accord , leaving the eu to play catch up . 
  climate change will be worse for poor people living close to the equator . 
  guess where india is ? 
  china is also in a more vulnerable position than most of europe . 
  they do n't live below sea level like some of us , but they are dealing with draught and ecological issues in many places already . 
  i do n't know if china can fulfill its.promises , but i believe they are willing to try . 
  anyone with diplomatic obligations will congratulate the trump , unless they want to tell the world they 're bad at their jobs . 
  in a democracy we ultimately have to believe that people voted for some inner reason . 
  an estimation of their best interest , a view of the country , something like that . 
  not because the polling was n't good enough to find people and change their minds for them . 
  now calling people racists rarely changed minds , i agree , but this psychological mechanism of locking in is peculiar . 
  your model is also incomplete . 
  if it works it must also drive some people against trump and prevent vote switching . 
  my dear american on / r/europe do you recall the bush years ? 
  because i foresee a similar reaction to the trump years . 
  even reagan who is cherished in america is mostly remembered as a senile idiot who almost lead us to war .
