  in a healthy rich society that number is more than zero and less than the entire population of the middle east . 
  he never explores how much would n't make a difference , or when it is too much . 
  he just says this and implies the current number is too many . 
  especially coming from a brit that is quite rich . 
  so many refugees there right now , an inflow of three hundred makes the front pages for a whole week . 
  the dead have stopped caring about what we do to their country , that is one of the consequences of having died . 
  the yet-unborn do n't exist yet , what exactly to we owe to them ? 
  if we mix the societies of amsterdam and mogadishu that would lead to some yet-unborn people who are the fruit of that mixing . 
  why do n't we owe it to them to let people like that come into existence ? 
  or to put it another way , there is no obligation to preserve blood purity of our breed . 
  we do n't owe it to people who do exist , and we do n't owe it to people who do n't exist either . 
  we would have to change the nature of european society if we are going to take harsh measures to keep all poor migrants out . 
  as there are more people who want to come and seek their luck , so we will have to come up with new and amazing ways to keep them out . 
  that process wo n't be without changes either . 
  for things to stay the same , everything would have to change . 
  he pretends it would be free . 
  those costs he are never acknowledged , except that they hurt him in his big heart . 
  when i go to your post , all i see is the title and then : [ removed ] most if the time that is because your post got deleted . 
  also if you sort by new your post does n't show up . 
  that too happens when a post gets deleted . 
  log out . 
  then look again . 
  the post you made and linked to , got deleted probably by the mods . 
  unless you did it yourself of course . 
  i guess the mods said no . 
  make an interesting post and we 'll see . 
  this sounds like it is n't worthwhile . 
  have a downvote . 
  luxembourg wo n't like it . 
  the swiss might decide that they wo n't benefit from this idea either , but all they can do is leave the single market . 
  i 'm not sure about the official dutch stance , on balance we too could decide that we gain more in the race to the bottom , than we could get from a more equitable tax regime . 
  perhaps we need to put more taxes on people , particularly share holders and that we stop taxing corporations . 
  they 're [ vlaaien ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/crumb_cake.jpg ) . 
  it 's supposed to be that the roofs are covered in pies , which means something similar to the streets are made of gold , i think . 
  but that proverb is no longer in use . 
  i do agree that it is mysterious how a medieval master painter could n't get the perspective right , while most modern art students would probably be able to do it . 
  you 're supposed to look for proverbs . 
  there 's a guy who 's armed to the teeth and two dogs fighting over the same bone . 
  those kinds of things . 
  the title is a reference to : ' [ we wish to inform you that tomorrow we will be killed with our families ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/books/first/g/gourevitch-killed.html ) . ', 
  this quote comes from a letter written during the rwandan genocide . 
  to which we do have to say that the foreign policy is being overly dramatic . 
  well that does inflate my dutch sense of patriotism . 
  i myself have a poster sized copy of [ this one by brueghel the elder ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/pieter_brueghel_the_elder_-_the_dutch_proverbs_-_google_art_project.jpg ) on the toilet . 
  my question to those who visited , what 's the best thing in that museum ? 
  it does n't say what changed . 
  something within ceta must have changed , right ? 
  this whole thing would be a joke if it nothing in ceta had changed and a stupid one at that . 
  the [ frankfurter algemeine ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/eilmeldung-ceta-einigung-zwischen-belgischer-regierung-und-regionen-14500218.html ) says the regional and federal governments of belgium came to an agreement on * controversial issues * . 
  i do n't see how the belgians could come to an agreement that can lead to signing ceta if anything in the treaty changed . 
  they would need to convince the canadians and all other eu states to accept the changes and those people were n't in the room where the agreement was struck . 
  compared to berlusconi , how bad could the 5 star movement be ? 
  i think italy even more than belgium showed that a stable developed nation does n't really need a government most of the time . 
  if in the next elections everyone went figure skating instead and there were no government at all , italy would still work the same . 
  how 's that different from how the netherlands or germany are governed . 
  a few big parties , a lot of small parties . 
  when the time comes they make a coalition and form a government . 
  it 's not pretty , but at least there are no extra representatives that suddenly appear when the votes align . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how italian parliamentary elections work , but if you win enough votes then your party gets some sort of bonus seats . 
  they should really be getting rid of both at the same time . 
  did you read it ? 
  what exactly does the ranking capture ? 
  i mean rwanda , the philippines , and nicaragua do n't have the best of standing when it comes to human rights and such . 
  is it that all genders are equal when everyone is unfree ? 
  because in that case north korea might do very well indeed . 
  i 'm starting to like this man more and more . 
  i hope the referendum to end italian democracy goes his way . 
  on average americans spend less time commuting than europeans , except for the italians . 
  probably because , idk know to be honest , maybe italians walk faster than the rest of us . 
  [ 2005 oced numbers , in minutes . 
  ] ( https://people.hofstra.edu/geotrans/eng/ch6en/conc6en/img/commutetimeeurope.png ), 
  china did agree to cooperate with the boycott against iran to make them stop building nuclear bombs . 
  raising and keeping an animal to slaugther it is cruel . 
  that 's why it is only acceptable for certain categories of beings . 
  mostly farm animals and plants . 
  if you did the same to an animal that 's usually kept as a pet , like cats for example , then the general population would be deeply upset . 
  that 's not because they think the treatment of such cats would be different in kind from the kind of treatment pigs get . 
  it is because they are more used to empathizing with cats . 
  once you allow that to happen , you see the cruelty . 
  if someone works with animals for every day of their lives , then they must come face to face with the fact that you can also empathize with a pig or a cow . 
  they too can suffer and be happy , feel pain and discomfort and sadness . 
  have you ever heard a cow call for her calf after the two have been separated ? 
  the cruelty lies in the knowledge that you are causing grief for no better purpose than your own benefit . 
  cruelty is a part of life and that does n't make farmers bad people , but that does n't move their daily business beyond the realm of morality either . 
  becoming a farmer often comes down to agreeing to take over the family business . 
  many children do not agree to that and that is fine . 
  you 'd be silly to become a farmer if you do n't like farm animals . 
  you can love and be cruel , you can even be upset by your own cruelty . 
  the one does n't exclude the other . 
  i think that the people at the top of nato knew about the spanish agreement to supply russian ships for ages . 
  they do n't care . 
  russia could probably get the ships to the syrian shore any way . 
  this is just a fun news story not something that matters . 
  well to be honest i think the whole idea of raising an animal to kill it and eat it is so cruel already that it does n't make much difference how you keep it or kill it . 
  since i eat meat , i 'll eat meat from factory farms , or from genetically modified creatures , or from halal slaughterhouses . 
  as long as it passes the health inspection it 's fine by me . 
  the problem for me is n't that the animals are treated cruelly , but that we have n't yet removed their capacity to suffer . 
  we will do that one day , it is called cultured meat , which is grown without a brain and thus ca n't suffer no matter how you treat it . 
  think about it is living in a vat in some factory better than spending your whole life in a crowded stable that smells like shit ? 
  i doubt it , the thing living in the laboratory just lacks the ability to suffer .
