  it is of course both foolish and very difficult to want to make the poles change their minds about the value of democracy , certainly with something as feeble as the eu as the only available tool , so there is only one real solution . 
  poland should leave the eu , we isolate ourselves from the autocratic politics of poland , you guys get to be entirely free to be autocratic , and everybody is a little happier . 
  so ploxit it should be . 
  not because pis rules poland , but because of the polish people . 
  i honestly assumed that veltto would be the one speaking about schizophrenia . 
  i 'm going to guess that tampere does n't have a tram yet . 
  i mean a hundred and ten years to not have a tram , that 's not so bad . 
  if it rids us of pis and the rest of poland 's unhappy politics , i think it would be a fair trade . 
  to be honest i suspect that a fair share of the eu budget is just created in a computer as if it comes from nowhere . 
  i do notice some half truths in there . 
  the eu is undoubtedly beset by troubles , but is economic weakness really one of them ? 
  we just had a year with economic growth that was higher than the usa 's with only one memberstate still in recession , greece . 
  another questionable claim is the weakening popularity of merkel , most of the gains in the german polls were made by schultz . 
  his spd and he personally are even further from bannon 's anti eu ideology than merkel . 
  the coming elections are of course uncertain , but the polls show that in france and the netherlands an all out populist win is unlikely . 
  you also have to wonder how far the influence of an american president reaches in european electoral politics . 
  seeing how obama did n't seem to move the brexit needle much , they might be overestimating their sway . 
  i suspect that the trump administration has a limited reach too , because they lack the skill necessary to turn the world to their hand . 
  instead they make the kind of policy that sounds good on tv . 
  look at their muslim ban . 
  the security aparatus says it wo n't do any good , business say it 's bad for their interest , civil society organizations think it is harmful , diplomatically they lose a valuable lever , yet still trump goes ahead again . 
  that is not a skilled geopolitical move , but a purely domestic piece of showmanship . 
  i still do n't fully follow . 
  the expectation that sanctions alone could reverse the annexation of crimea was a little unrealistic , if it was ever held . 
  i was talking about the impact of eu sanctions against russia . 
  to be precise that they had some negative effect on russia , which would be why the kremlin wanted them removed . 
  unless you are saying that russia does n't prefer he non-sanctions status because they are reacting to their own annexation of crimea , we 're missing something here . 
  i do n't think i fully comprehend the point you 're trying to make . 
  what russian actions do you mean ? 
  the more optimistic way of looking at the effect of sanctions is to observe how much the kremlin wants them dropped . 
  that would indicate that while the russians can deal with the sanctions without running into any vital problems , there are solid reasons to prefer the non-sanction status . 
  idk the only member state that left is the uk and they did that on their own self . 
  i mean i guess you could count greenland if you really want to but their situation is pretty unique . 
  as to the special deals i think slowly but steadily we 'll squeeze them out . 
  i think a complicated brexit with many facets would be bad for us . 
  one rule for all of the uk from northern ireland , to gibraltar , to england , that is easy to comprehend , that can be fair . 
  the eu already has too many rules and too many complexities , to adjust and make more of them for the brexiteers who campaigned not just to leave the eu , but to bring the whole eu down , that just seems unwise . 
  the eu ca n't be a banquet where the british take what they want an do n't share any of the burdens . 
  i have never been to gibraltar and i do n't foresee a visit , but i hope you guys do n't get any special treatment . 
  what do you call the millions of euros western eu members are pouring into the corrupt hands of visegrad-land politicians ? 
  what do you call it when we accept potentially unlimited numbers of eu migrants looking for a better life in our country ? 
  what do you call it when the eu as a whole equally considers the polish need to burn coal and the dutch desire not to drown in sea level rise because of global warming ? 
  when an important trade deal is held up so romanians can travel to canada under the same conditions as the rest of us ? 
  what do you think that is ? 
  just a lark ? 
  an excuse to do what we wanted to do all along ? 
  the eu does have solidarity , the visegradians are just not willing to do their share . 
  there are two reactions to that , either we do less too , or we do less together with them . 
  if your problems require a sham democracy run by thieves then so be it , but do n't do it with our tax money . 
  from tusk 's performance in the eu i ca n't help but think that there is a lot of political talent in poland . 
  why else would you guys send away an adequate administrator with a flair for pr ? 
  but anyways , there are lots of problems to go around in the world . 
  the thing you have to ask is whether pis is building poland 's democratic institutions , or undermining them . 
  and from that perspective it does n't look good . 
  there is a reason the european parliament keeps hammering on polish institutions and civil society and it 's not that they 're bored . 
  it 's that they 're worried we 'll have another hungary our hands . 
  undemocratic and unfixable but a lot bigger . 
  you ca n't just say everyone was doing it and stop there . 
  it needs fixing and before more damage gets done . 
  there 's no reason to think we 'd hold an in out referendum , there are no polls that show there 's a majority who want to leave . 
  we 're not island people dreaming of empires long gone . 
  i think we should form a core eu block around the founding members . 
  then the others should be free to go along with the projects they want to join and free to have their own illiberal politics without bothering is about it . 
  a europe with two speeds and the brittle democracies of the former socialist republics far from the driver 's seat . 
  if i we 're thinking locally , then the problem of undemocratic hungarians without any pretence at eu solidarity getting our dutch contributions , to hand out to their corrupt politicians also has a simple solution . 
  let 's move towards hungary-exit . 
  that would insulate us from hungary 's problems too . 
  but oh wait that 's not how it 's supposed to go . 
  visegrad-land should get what they want and f *** the rest . 
  yes that fence is doing them a lot of good . 
  since the turkish deal brokered by the center right merkel ( and therefore it counts as nothing i presume ) the routes have shifted from the eastern mediterranean towards a more central route from libya . 
  the fence stands tall doing little and certainly not helping their fellow europeans one bit . 
  bravo orban . 
  you see if you just want something you can point at , but that does n't really solve anything then the populists might just be your thing . 
  and so we will . 
  but demagogues do n't deal with anything . 
  so stop voting for them . 
  while i agree there 's a lot of work to be done , a work force of 1.5 million seems a little excessive . 
  i do n't think you 'd need that many . 
  how many hungarians are there ? 
  ten million or so ? 
  and yet the best they could find is a clown ? 
  that is your defense . 
  that in all of hungary there is n't a single better option ? 
  how about we just listen to what he says and look at what he does . 
  clown or no , that 's what politics comes down to and orban is n't making something pretty . 
  on a note i 'm really not making this up . 
  from those who keeps an eye on things hungarian democracy does n't look good . 
  have a look here http://www.democraticaudit.com/2016/04/01/fidesz-and-electoral-reform-how-to-safeguard-hungarian-democracy/ https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-press/2015/hungary https://strasbourgobservers.com/2016/07/12/baka-v-hungary-judicial-independence-at-risk-in-hungarys-new-constitutional-reality/, 
  as a dutchman i agree that waves should be kept out , with the rest of the water . 
  land should be dry !, 
  i do n't know how we got to this subject , but do n't you think that the german and central european levee systems are in an unreasonable state ? 
  why do n't the people there demand that it gets fixed ? 
  with climate change it is only becoming more likely that the rivers will forget their place and flood people 's houses . 
  farcical politics that are more of an entertainment product than policy making are a problem . 
  democracy can break , it should be treated wth respect and care . 
  breaking the law is a similar issue . 
  the rule of law is an important part of western democracy . 
  while the majority decides , they have to respect everyone 's rights under the law . 
  when the governing party sets itself above the law , that 's a real problem .
