  the eu deliberates whether they should send in the eu army \u2122 . 
  the commission is for , the parliament against , and the council is deadlocked . 
  finally the majority decides that troops go to estonia . 
  portugal decides that is utter bullshit and refuses to send in their part of the army . 
  it turns out the rest of the eu army \u2122 ca n't work without the vital part the portuguese do . 
  nothing can happen . 
  estonia is all alone in their struggle with the russians . 
  i think the an army without clear command structures is both useless and dangerous . 
  we need more than rules that mandate what the army ca n't do . 
  we also need some political entity that can credibly claim the authority to send soldiers into battle in the name of all eu citizens . 
  such a body or position does not exist . 
  if you had offered americans the option of voting for a third term by obama , then i suspect that would have beaten both hillary and trump . 
  is n't that the same as saying there 's support for a longer term trumpidency ? 
  also the guy is seventy now right ? 
  in eight years he will be really old , so old that it seems quite credible that either his mind or his good health wo n't last for the whole eight years , let alone long enough to build a dictatorship after that . 
  is there an alternative constitutional change in the works if this one fails ? 
  because , from the outside , it does seem that italy is difficult to govern . 
  if the current electoral law , which comes from 2005 is n't working well with the italian constitution , then it should be changed . 
  as to the rest , i think referendums are bad ways to make a decision and we can see here why that is , again . 
  there are several questions that play into this answer ( should renzi quit , should m5 be able to win , is the italian senate working well , would stronger governments be good for italy ) . 
  the voters in the referendum could probably agree to some sort of change in the role of the senate , even if the majority does n't like this particular change . 
  but the referendum ca n't express that , it does n't even help to find where that potential for agreement is . 
  i always assumed that cheddar was like dutch cheese . 
  you know how they sell disgusting blocks of butter-like goop as gouda cheese in france etc. 
  that the recipe must get lost in translation . 
  that it 's actually food where it comes from . 
  but i 've been to both england and scotland . 
  they still sell those sheets of orange as cheese . 
   italicum gives bonus seats to the party who gets the most votes i like this name . 
  it sounds like a drug for failing governments . 
  the polls are down , the opposition is getting stronger , open the italicum reserves !, 
  we need them bonus seats !, 
  edit you know it goes in the list with : gallium , germanium , europium , americium . 
  now we have a new element called italicum , it has no mass or chemical properties , but it does give you bonus seats in parliament . 
  have you ever had cheddar ? 
  you know those [ orange plastic like sheets . 
  ] ( http://statischecontent.nl/img/16x9/900x/bcbcb33c-73ea-4ed1-b570-c0b8498b52bb.jpg ) well they sell those as cheese . 
  i think that is an affront to human dignity right there . 
  article 2 has been breached . 
  i do like that trump lost the popular vote . 
  trump might have won but he has the slimmest of mandates . 
  i heard on the 538 podcast that both candidates got fewer votes than mccain did in 2008 . 
  and the american population grew since then . 
  while i 'll admit that my comment was both hyperbolic and not entirely credible , i find your comment and the way you use english difficult to follow . 
  angela merkel was critical too . 
  but our dear rutte was polite like a lapdog . 
  he knows his place i guess . 
  germany has its economy , france has its nukes , the netherlands have no shame . 
  there is no state where the power to declare war lies outside the realm of the sovereign . 
  i 'm not even sure that makes sense . 
  it has to be an elected leader and if there is n't one across the whole eu , then i think we would go to war by the same process that signed ceta . 
  i 'm worried the eu pretends to solve this issue by inventing something like your council , then when we need our armies to protect us , nations just refuse go abide by the council 's decision . 
  now i 'm going to love it when you show me the official nato communiqu\u00e9 that had fuck you in the them . 
  some report that gives details on those missiles and a list of the nato bases . 
  until then i 'm not going to believe you . 
  no they 're not . 
  fn was always hostile to immigrants , i believe their origin goes back to the french war in algeria and its ramifications . 
  wilders stands on the shoulders of pim fortuyn and theo van gogh who were murdered in the early 2000s . 
  afd also got its start before the refugees arrived in record numbers . 
  also you do n't hear politicians call people neo-nazis as often as one might surmise from your diagnosis . 
  what we are seeing is right wing populism and it was around before the refugee crisis was invented . 
  as to their transformation of politics , that is a fiction too . 
  the left has run out of vision . 
  all the most courageous lefties do is defend the current role of the state , the rest is helping along when the center right is pruning it down . 
  there used to be a vision of something on the left that could atvleast be dreamed about even if it never happened . 
  now that is over and all that the unhappy people can find if they want to improve their lot is a populist . 
  so they ca n't block supreme court nominees ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i 'm more worried which part of the eu is supposedly going to have the authority to send eu troops into battle , or if any action will require unanimous consent . 
  neither seems workable . 
  look at the exchange with / u/stuckinabaddream i had the suspicion that any exchange i had on this topic would be equally futile . 
  nothing i have seen since has distinguished that poster from a troll . 
  how many troops are in k\u00f6nigsberg ? 
  that 's not so much more distance than from the ddr . 
  all this talk about friendly relations in his acceptance speech . 
  rebuilding america at home . 
  what he said about nato during the campaign . 
  he knows where he wants to go . 
  less us money spent abroad on military obligations . 
  the questionis how he will try to get there . 
  it is also quite likely that he will fail . 
  the house might be republican , but trump is not . 
  he has n't made the best of starts on the international stage and he has little experience . 
  he might not get very far . 
  but who knows . 
  we 'll have to see . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  but with the russian policy of ambiguous war estonia could stumble into a war because of their russian minority . 
  when does unrest among those citizens show political discontent and when is it the start of ambiguous war ? 
  maybe the eu will blame estonia for the event and then the alliance unravels . 
  i have also heard estimates that all of nato could n't defend the baltic states or finland , even if the politicians were certain they wanted to defend finland which is only an eu obligation . 
  the question as those planners saw it was if germany would be overrun before american reinforcements could arrive , or not . 
  also a couple hundred thousand people were projected to die in a matter of days . 
  trump has made it clear that he wants to reduce natos obligations in europe . 
  that unbinds your whole line of reasoning . 
  if nato comes apart then things look very different . 
  the uk has bombs but they are in splendid isolation . 
  that leaves france and they might elect putin fan lepen . 
  that leaves much of eastern europe next to the second greatest nuclear arsenal in the world and if only conventional weapons are used russia is certain to win . 
  as you said wars happen when one party thinks it can gain something .
