  most redditors there felt that it would not lead to peace . 
  in their view the conflict exists because russia wants it to , not because of the desires of the local people . 
  in that view giving up the land would n't do any good , because russia would just continue the war somewhere else . 
  another reason to keep the land was patriotism and pride , so was the fact that many refugees from the region still live in ukraine and would like to go home . 
  why do you think this is their first chance ? 
  they started in a similar spot as nations that did join the eu earlier , like poland . 
  they had a color revolution of their own , years before the euromaidan . 
  why could n't it have worked for them at some earlier time ? 
  i voted for it . 
  what people said to me is quite diverse . 
  they thought it might lead to accession to the eu , cost us lots of money , may lead to more visitors like the romanians and poles who are thought to take jobs and undermine mores , others feared the agreement may lead us to war with russia . 
  on reddit a few even said they voted against it because the agreement would be bad for ukraine . 
  and one guy said to me that ukraine is a neo-fascist state run by a corrupt chocolate magnate , i think that 's the rt line . 
  the larger perspective was that the organizers wanted a referendum on the eu and could n't get one . 
  so they organized a referendum on the association agreement between ukraine and the eu , which had eu in the name . 
  they hoped it would lead to more support for leaving the eu . 
  then a group of charlatans who wanted to have fun and agitators for direct democracy joined in . 
  finally our referendum law is bad . 
  a referendum is only valid if enough people vote 20 % of all eligible voters i believe . 
  so supporters of the agreement could just stay home . 
  indeed if everyone who voted in favor of the agreement had staid home instead , then the referendum would have been invalid and our government would have signed the agreement . 
  but too many supporters voted or too many did n't , it depends a bit on how you look at it . 
  all in all this first referendum under our referendum law has convinced me that referendums are a bad idea . 
  it will take a lot of work to persuade people in the eu that ukrainian accession is a good idea . 
  in the netherlands we had this referendum and one of the reasons people voted against the association agreement was that they thought it meant ukraine would join the eu . 
  with careful groundwork i think accession is possible , but not easy . 
  unless russia keeps the war going forever , i 'm quite convinced the fighting will have to stop before accession can make serious progress . 
  if 60 million american voters wanted to elect him , then many must have made their peace with those conflicts . 
  they do n't really come as a surprise . 
  what can be done though ? 
  the west persuaded poland and czechia to reform by promising them a home in the glorious eu . 
  now we 're not going to let ukraine in and joining is n't all that attractive anymore in any case . 
  promising them that we got their back no matter what , or giving them loads of funding is n't going to do much good . 
  those sorts of gifts induce complacency in the best run most democratic societies . 
  he also made an official phone call to ukip asking them to lobby against windmills near his golf course in scotland . 
  even if trump wanted to he could n't disentangle his business interests from his presidency . 
  not that he seems to be trying very hard . 
  also he should be working on assembling a new staff for the white house . 
  that news should be followed also . 
   that would be stupid for both eu and turkey . 
  well to the extent that the shanghai club involves customs lowering to the other members of the club , turkey would have to follow along . 
  then turkey would no longer be applying the common external tariff of the customs union . 
  so it might make sense for turkey if the shanghai club takes off . 
  most popular sports also have national competitions . 
  but you can join the shanghai cooperation zone . 
  if india also join , then that will contain most of the people in the world . 
  you 'll be rich !, 
  turkey might have to leave the eu customs union though . 
  it is an interesting point we 've reached when it no longer matters what the president says . 
  in some ways that is a remarkable achievement in itself . 
  often it seems like world hangs on the lips of the us president . 
  i 'm not in favor of \u00d6strexit or anything like that . 
  but ask yourself for a moment , are you so certain that it wo n't happen , that you are willing to risk your life savings losing most of their value ? 
  because the government will take your euros and give you austro-marks in return , which will probably be worth less . 
  well if austria manages to elect someone this time , then we might at least get to see what happens when the markets hear about a referendum to leave they eu in a euro country . 
  as soon as the markets catch a whiff of leaving of the eu i expect that everyone will try to move their euros to germany . 
  it will be good to know that before the french elect le pen , who has promised to hold such a referendum in france . 
  and before the italians elect five star , who say they want to leave the euro . 
  if turkey joins the eu or if the eu is governed like a nation state . 
  since austria can simply block both developments before they happen , we do have to ask what kind of eu policy he is planning to pursue . 
  it is a pretty common theory that women lose out these days because they often take a break from work when raising their children . 
  that career pause allows men 's pay to outgrow women 's at some point in their career . 
  if the hungarians want to waste their share of eu funds , then that is ultimately their problem . 
  i 'd like it if nations that no longer meet the membership criteria left the eu . 
  the rules of the eu do n't allow for that , but what else is there . 
  it 's not like we can punish hungarians for exercising their democratic rights . 
  if they want to be ruled by a corrupt strongman , then that too is their problem . 
  it 's not like we 're going to give the eu the power to impose the law at the highest level , that we 're not ready for that kind of federalization . 
  i just want the orban crowd to do their undemocratic corruption outside of the eu . 
  instead of arranging for that , we are facing a visegradian insurgency , using every trick in the book to undermine the parts of the eu that enforce rule of law . 
  that 's bad for all of us . 
  the least we could do is take their voting rights and stop giving them money , the eu laws allow for that . 
  then the orban stops being a eu-wide problem . 
  if he 's the populist he is said to be , he might very well decide to throw the dice and leave the eu , in a move to maintain popularity in face of the eu insult . 
  yes i think the best case scenario is that the eu cuts of funding for hungary in the next budget . 
  nothing can stop the steamroller , but we can stop funding his trip . 
  if countries must meet certain standards of good government before they can become a member , then they must certainly keep on meeting them if they are going to get eu funding . 
  it would have been good if suspension of eu voting rights did n't require unanimous consent and also if we could remove membership if a state is beyond saving , but alas . 
  in hindsight the eu should have done a lot of things differently . 
  like the euro , or letting the uk join . 
  yes i confused the tpp with the ttip . 
  americans and their idiotic acronyms . 
  how can he ? 
  he has no mandate to do anything and tpp is still unpopular in america , just as ttip and ceta are unpopular over here . 
  tpp must have some sort of dispute settlement mechanism too . 
  at the day of his election trump had the highest disapproval rating of any president just after election . 
  he has n't done anything and people are already protesting . 
  those are n't the kind of political foundations that can support a proactive presidency . 
  even if trump wanted to save tpp i doubt he could do it . 
  * edit confused ttip with tpp, 
  well to be honest , i came around to the idea recently . 
  i assumed that orban was an authoritarian who did n't see the point of nice things like freedom , equality before the law , and checks on government ( as long as he is in power ) . 
  an honest illiberal so to speak . 
  but this sounds like he just wants to be free to take hungarian public money and put it in his own pocket , or those of his allies . 
  eskers are melt water flows under [ a glacier . 
  ] ( http://www.geology.um.maine.edu/geodynamics/analogwebsite/undergradprojects2010/ashleystinson/images/esker.jpg ) they deposit sediment along their path , which lies in a line above the land , because the glacier keeps them in place , [ like so . 
  ] ( http://landforms.eu/cairngorms/images/esker2.jpg ) i think they look really weird . 
  like a river of sands on top of the land . 
  i 'm not sure if the ozas is the same , it looks pretty big , but eskers can be that big . 
  it almost sounds like viktor orban is corrupt .
