  if that is what is going to happen . 
  btw , reddit does n't inform me that there is new content if you edit your post to clarify . 
  it does n't really matter that much why the easterners have given up on the european project . 
  that most important fact is that they have given up . 
  we are n't making them fall in line , we ca n't persuade them and it makes no sense to try to force them . 
  all we can do is move on with the core members that still believe . 
  i 'm not saying that you 're wrong . 
  it 's just that easterners make a different choice when they pick their path to the future . 
  in the eu founding states we should still be free to try and make it work , even of the easterners do n't want to come along . 
  just go your own way . 
  less eu , less western influence , more sovereignty , what 's so bad about that ? 
  just accept some loss of influence in the eu , that 's a fair trade . 
  we all know the emotional range of fins goes depression , sad , neutral , sauna . 
  no happiness anywhere . 
  we will see in 2019 i guess . 
  yes that 's true . 
  i just assumed that the interim solution would be the eea . 
  now she will have to negotiate a new framework for the interim solution . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic , which is fine too . 
  how about we make a pact now . 
  no more brexit talk until march 2017 . 
  they can just kill dissidents , same result as the gulags , less of a mess . 
  how can we force the hungarian government to do anything ? 
  this referendum wo n't change anything , but that is only because hungary was already not going to accept any refugees . 
  the eu is losing the few powers it had . 
  in too many countries people have stopped caring if the project works , they just want to play domestic political games . 
  that 's why we need to withdraw from the periphery and get the core eu members to work together . 
  if the core holds we can save some of the good that the eu does . 
  otherwise the populists will take and destroy until the eu is nothing more than empty offices in brussels . 
  the only reason it ever worked was because countries agreed to cooperate even when it came to the burdens . 
  member states that wo n't agree to that need to be enabled to drift out of the eu as they decide to , because if they stay in they 'll cause us all harm . 
  we need to exclude the most harmful countries or the whole project falls apart . 
  ireland ( roi ) will probably have to loosen its ties with the eu because of northern ireland . 
  they largely have those opt outs because of their relationship with the uk anyway , do n't they ? 
  like the passport free travel zone they have with the uk . 
  but yes i do think both of those nations will have to decide whether they will drift from the centers of eu decision making , or give up their opt outs . 
  since the eu ca n't even make people leave , we will instead make new inner circles where only members who are really in the whole eu have a voice . 
  then an outer orbit with looser ties that consists of countries that opt out of burden sharing and thus also some benefits . 
  i guess denmark will go into such an orbit . 
  also poland and hungary . 
  although the latter might decide to leave all together . 
  perhaps to join the russia centered eurasian union . 
  ireland will probably also have to go . 
  when the uk puts limits on eu immigration , the irish will have to decide . 
  either they give up freedom of movement with the rest of the eu , or they give up freedom of movement with the uk . 
  if they try to keep both , then they become a hotbed of illegal migration from and to the uk . 
  i think the will refuse to cut their island in half and will stick with their biggest trading partner the uk and thus start to drift from the center of the eu . 
  that just means that the new machines would n't be used to make things laid off workers want . 
  instead they 'll make things for rich people . 
  like lawsuits so the rich can sue more of their enemies , or art collections . 
  the mods think we ca n't have mexican fun while arguing about immigration and brexit . 
  so they are making the sub more fun . 
  we will show them though , they ca n't force us to be happy !, 
  it 's not exactly sovereignty if the uk implements all eu law when brussels asks . 
  also the efta does have another binding court to rule on matters of eu law . 
  she showed her hand a little . 
  i wonder if she has plans to rush through the new trade negotiations , or if she is confident the eu will extend the time limit . 
  the eu can only work if all member states work towards that end . 
  as an institution it has little coercive power . 
  with its opt outs and special deals the uk was never a good fit . 
  it 's probably for the best like this , even if it is sad . 
  we will have to face the facts and one of those is that eventually some members will want to leave a political union . 
  with the uk we are on safe ground . 
  it is a stable country . 
  imagine if hungary were to leave now instead of the uk . 
  we would probably have a new dictatorship in europe and one with close ties to putin 's regime . 
  compared to that this is a safe trial run . 
  it says she will trigger the process before the german elections . 
  that is one . 
  also , eu law would probably be superior if they joined the eea . 
  seeing how the eu is pressuring all eea members to automatically implement new eu law . 
  that 's an indication may does n't want to go for eea membership . 
  so increased barriers to trade are likely and limitations to migration almost certain . 
  this was the plan all along was n't it ? 
  no big brexit shock at the time of leaving . 
  afterwards they can slowly change eu law as they see fit . 
  northern italy is one of the richest regions in the whole eu , if not the world . 
  [ look ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistical-atlas/gis/viewer/?year=&amp;chapter=06# ) along the [ blue banana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) you go from london in the uk to ~ venice in italy and you have to bulk of wealth production in europe . 
  renzi seems like an improvement if you compare him the other recent pms of italy . 
  i have n't been on 4chan in ages , i have visited many subreddits since , but the most disturbing imagery i have seen still comes from 4chan . 
  people mutilating themselves , sadistic torture of animals , a video of a ukrianian man being murdered . 
  it all came from there . 
  i suspect that all long term users of that site are completely desensitized to all forms imagery . 
  if you work outdoors in andalucia , sleeping is probably the best thing you can do during the warmest part of the day . 
  i went there for a fieldwork in summer and it was insanely hot . 
  those blue skies without a cloud to be seen . 
  also all the shops are open until really late , so you can still get everything done if you take a nap during the day . 
  as recently as december 42 % of all poles approved of how the pis government was doing . 
  also a big plurality of you guys elected them . 
  you might not like pis , but they are approved of the poles . 
  and with pis they do approve of right wing authoritarianism . 
  how would this picture be different if it were turkish satire ? 
  because it looks an awful lot like a joke . 
   i see nothing inherently wrong with right-wing authoritarianism . 
  there 's the reason our problem with poland is n't really about pis . 
  our problems are directly related to the views of the polish people . 
  to join the eu , we in the older member states demanded that a new nation would meet all sorts of criteria . 
  there are many and not all of them are sensible , but nearly all of us would agree that democracy and a free society are vital criteria without which a candidate for membership should n't be allowed to join . 
  you and the many poles like you do n't agree with that . 
  you might think that pis has to go , but if the next polish elections offer you a new right wing autocratic party to vote for , then who knows ?
