  the separation of powers is failing right then and there . 
  in face of domestic terror , closed borders do n't really do much good . 
  and even most isis terrorism in the eu was done by eu citizens . 
  border closures do destroy the lives of fellow citizens who did nothing wrong and cost a lot of money . 
  if we kept eu wide statics on a sexual violence i expect you 'd find that white men are responsible for most incidents . 
  finally , most economical analysis says immigrants are a boon to the economy . 
  so as you might see , i after listening , i think the grievances are n't all that . 
  i hope our politicians will come to the same conclusion . 
  who are the rote armee fraktion ? 
  stop voting for liars who offer solutions that do n't make sense . 
  they will run your country into the ground . 
  without free media , judicial checks , and electoral gerrymandering that makes reelection a sure thing , it is pretty easy to appear less corrupt . 
  anyone who says otherwise just is n't heard by the state controlled media and has their career cut short . 
  a party must do more than just collect the most votes to be democratic . 
  they do have to respect the open system , inconvenient as that is . 
  but instead hungarians keep voting for the putin friend and ccp admirer that is orban . 
  yes pis is undermining the independence of the supreme court , holding votes in parliament in secret without doing a count , barring the press reporting on the goings on there . 
  also their upper leadership indulges in conspiracy theories which are reason enough to dig up the graves of their old president and everyone who was on his airplane . 
  just saying that there was no better option does n't make it democratic . 
  it makes it hopeless . 
  every time you walk on the street there 's a risk a lunatic will try to kill you . 
  it 's small , but it 's always there . 
  now you could talk about what could be done to lower that risk , but you are n't . 
  instead we 're here talking about your ` mass migration . ', 
  do n't you think there 's a more effective response ? 
  if we had a common refugee policy , to the populist 's horror , then that xmas market guy could n't have traveled around europe like he did . 
  if we had something like an fbi in the eu , then we would have a valuable addition in our public security arrangements . 
  but what does the populist say ? 
  not because it makes sense , but because it feels right . 
  the eu made that middle eastern crisis , the eu caused africa to be just over the mediterranean sea . 
  it 's all the eu 's fault so no the populists wo n't give the eu the means to do anything useful . 
  a democracy ca n't deal with an undemocratic popular movement , ever . 
  it ca n't be made to work . 
  ban the undemocratic people from exercising their democratic rghts ? 
  there goes a pillar of democracy . 
  let the undemocratic organization join in elections ? 
  if they get elected all that stands between us and an unfree society are our institutions . 
  ask the hungarians how reliable those are in face of a popular yet undemocratic government . 
  educate the populace ? 
  it sounds good , but can it really work ? 
  even the founding fathers of the usa could n't say more about liberal values than that they held them to be self evident . 
  i would n't count on our ability to instill them in the mind of the kind of people who listen to wilders and think they hear anything other than hot air escaping his mouth . 
  right-wing populism is a threat to our democracy , to what we and the generations before us have built in post war europe . 
  they might just smash all of it in a xenophobic vote . 
  yet what can we do ? 
  it certainly makes little sense to blame the politicians for selling whatever the people want to buy , that 's their job . 
  i think we must ultimately deal with their voters instead . 
  if we ca n't make them respect our polity then we should strive to loosen the bonds that bind us to them . 
  i so agree with the sentiment , but sometimes a goodwill gesture can do more for us , than returning the pole 's transactional attitude towards eu solidarity . 
  yeah we 'll totally make their elections look like a joke too . 
  are we sure that 's a good question ? 
  because as i understand it putin has promised to lay waste to ukraine if they attempt to join nato , i.e. 
  the threat associated with nato could come from russia , not from the failings of our defense organization . 
  for you amsterdammers , or do you mean all of us ? 
  are n't the ardennes mountains ? 
  does helvetica consider itself to be a germanic country ? 
  we want to compete with the finns , not the swedes . 
  swedes are b\u00f6ring . 
  but that 's what he did after the elections where the kurdish party go too many votes . 
  he just decided there would be another one . 
  the people went along , they even gave him the result that he wanted . 
  wo n't erdogan just do what he did with the turkish elections and make the turkish people retake the referendum vote until they figure out the right answer . 
  i think this split is too simplistic . 
  to have free trade , we need common product standards and borders open to trade , that means we need to have a political debate about those issues , to make a political decision . 
  if we want free movement of labor , then we need open borders for people too . 
  especially if we combine that with something like the schengen zone so vacationers do n't need to do passport checks . 
  now then without internal borders we need a common refugee policy . 
  that means we need to come to an agreement . 
  that is why the eu was thinking about a way to disperse refugees across the whole union , the idea being that problems only arise when too many of them are in one place . 
  with such an agreement , we also need enforcement mechanisms , as we have for all the other eu regulations we have all agreed to . 
  a pure trade union does n't exist , and even if it did , then that too would be a political body . 
  that 's because the alt right is n't about conservatism as it has been traditionally understood . 
  instead the alt right is xenophobic besides a lot of other things . 
  that xenophobia puts them in direct opposition to merkel 's record . 
  so perhaps they might even like schulz , seeing how he is not on record as welcoming a million refugees . 
  i do n't know why the alt right , particularly the american alt right , is against the eu . 
  i seriously doubt that most of them know enough about european politics to form their own view on the issue . 
  [ dax index ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/dax:ind ) , [ euro stoxx 50 ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/sx5e:ind ) over a year they seem to be doing alright , over month the dax is a little up and the euro index is down , over a day , they are both a little spiky . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't know how bellingcat decides these things . 
  it should also be obvious that they are not unbiased by their support for the mh17 investigation . 
  simply by honestly reporting the facts as they think they 've found them , they are going against russian policy . 
  it is after all official russian policy to lie about that incident all day and all night . 
  that should make it clear where bellingcat 's sympathies lie . 
  i kinda hope those houses with tanks in the garden are also empty . 
  but how big is the bias ? 
  do you doubt that there is a russian launch site 200m from a hypermarket ? 
  if fillon makes it to the last run off , then we find out that he in fact stole all of france and the moon to give it to his wife , then he loses the run off because he is such a thief and the french would n't ever vote for that . 
  that 's the doom scenario i think . 
  the uk did n't ever make that public . 
  cameron never knew that that was what he was negotiating for i think . 
  even then the british strategy was n't all that . 
  without one of the four pillars the eu would need a new consensus to base the single market on . 
  the uk should have found one then sold it to the rest of the eu . 
  it 's not like the british are the only people with their doubts about immigration , indeed the eu did n't budge because other eu nations did have to deal with a lot of immigration too . 
  but the uk politicians did n't care about that , they did n't build a coalition to imrpove the eu . 
  instead they tried to force concessions by holding renegotiations with an in out referendum to hold above the eu 's head . 
  now after brexit has been decided , with less to offer us , the uk comes back with the same demands . 
  that 's just bad diplomacy . 
  look what the uk needs to do is sell the post brexit arrangement to europe .
