  at that moment when the system most needs liquidity , the algotraders do n't provide liquidity instead they do very little . 
  also , the money they make comes out of someone 's pocket . 
  so their services are far from free . 
  especially when it comes to low latency trading , i 'm not convinced it is worth the cost . 
  who cares if their sale is a whole second slower ? 
  i for one think this is hilarious . 
  they built special super fast network connections from one trading center to another , so that their trades arrive a fraction of a second earlier than the normal suckers . 
  there are server rooms in modern stockmarkets and they apparently even fight for the best positions inside those rooms . 
  the closer to the input line , the earlier you get the data or something . 
  the hardware in those machines is constantly updated to gain a nano second here or there . 
  everything is automated to the z and not just that but the algorithms have to be quicker than everyone else 's . 
  this is a cutting edge in network technology , this is where they figure out new and improved ways to move data and analyze it . 
  sure the flash trading itself does n't do any good , but the intellectual property they generate will one day benefit us all . 
  i do n't think i have the mathematical or technical know how and i certainly do n't have the stomach for it , but it seems like great fun . 
  the main issue is that usually the fasted bested algotraders make all of the profit and nobody else gets any . 
  so it 's a nerve wracking business where you slog along until you get the best strategy , then hope you stay on top long enough to earn your money . 
  while there are some people who say that stayed is the one and only past tense of stay , that 's not universal . 
  some people do think it can be staid , the most reputable source i could find that comes down on that side is probably [ meriam-webster ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/staid ) ( definition 2 ) . 
  i suspect it might be a american vs. english thing , or simply due to the fact that there is no equivalent for the nederlandse taalunie in english . 
  there is a homonym in english , which means bezadigd , that is only written as staid . 
  so i guess it is less confusing for english speakers if you use stayed , but i 'm not sure my usage was wrong . 
  so am i correct when i surmise that we should post pics of juncker on / r/thick ? 
  edit , i think that sub might be nsfw now that i checked it out . 
   what 's the point of jailing him ? 
  equality before the law . 
  if you commit a crime , then you do the time , no matter who you are . 
  i think that you 're giving asylum seekers with a weak claim an incentive to engage in criminal behavior . 
  if they all get sent back anyway , then there is no reason not to make a little extra cash by doing a little crime on the side . 
  i do n't really understand why expulsion would be more difficult after a jail term , compared to before . 
  so do you think expulsion is enough punishment , or do you expect the algerians to jail them because spain asked ? 
  why not let them serve a fair jail sentence first ? 
  i really do n't get that part of the reasoning behind the send them back lobby . 
  do you expect the algerians to jail them when they 're sent back ? 
  or do you think that having to leave spain is punishment enough for violent assault ? 
  if the number of germans is projected to decline , then why is the number of german babies born to german mothers per year increasing ? 
  should n't you start with fewer babies if you want to end up with fewer germans ? 
  also there are usually conditions a proposal must meet before it can get the money the eu has allocated for that type of project . 
  if the visegradians have streamlined their approach to that , then they could gain a lot . 
  i mean first they set up their proposal generating system in one way , then they lobby the eu to accept the kinds of proposals they can generate most succesfully . 
  in romania i think they have had real trouble spending all of the eu money that they could get from the development funds . 
  i could be mistaken about the country , but it is not unheard off to find that nobody figured out how to spend the money in eu approved ways . 
  the demand for integration was n't as strong in the past as it is now . 
  it used to be enough if european muslims found work and staid away from crime . 
  now the government watches what imams preach , how they live , that they learn the language . 
  everyone is aware of the consequences if that fails to improve . 
  at thessame time the most integrated of the people who arrived here generations ago are present in more facets of society . 
  muslim politicians , turkish businesses , doctors of all back grounds . 
  that will make it easier to integrate the rest of the muslims into society . 
  something as complex as a society can never be a complete success , but no more is it a complete failure . 
  we will manage and because the problem gathers so much attention our societies will try harder to get more good outcomes . 
  people will get used to diversity . 
  i agree that the politicians accurately evaluated the public mood of today . 
  that still does n't mean it wo n't do them in at some later date when people are n't in such a xenophobic mood . 
  perhaps in ten years the deaths of expelled people will darken the bright career prospects of an up and coming politician . 
  one can hope right ? 
  maybe in the mean time the pleas of the desperate will haunt some of the officials who followed orders , kept their hearts cold and their heads down . 
  the thing you do n't seem to understand is that all roads are paved with good intentions . 
  is n't your wilders just as much in pursuit of good intentions ? 
  it seems like malice to suggest otherwise . 
  the angry mob just wants something that seemed useless , mean spirited , and vapid . 
  it took some time before sane politicians were persuaded that the people really wanted them to do this . 
  expelled people will protest eloquently and honestly . 
  they will gather supporters too , who want to help them . 
  eventually we will make a mistake and expel someone who will be horribly murdered when they get back in afghanistan . 
  this policy too could blow up in their face . 
  just because you ca n't empathize with foreigners that does n't mean nobody in the electorate can . 
  europe must unite so we can withstand british meddling and subterfuge . 
  they will do * what it takes to make a success of brexit * . 
  so said theresa may last weekend . 
  we are gearing up for negotiations with a though opponent and they set the pace . 
  we should be watchful every step of the negotiations . 
  otherwise we can be assured of a nasty surprise at an unsuspecting moment . 
  while i agree with the alarmist title , the article itself is pretty stupid . 
  if theresa may is such a hard headed leader of a european ciumtry , why them is she abandoning ship in these rough times . 
  is n't it in the national interest of the uk if the eu survives ? 
  the common market and a stable continent are to everyone 's benefit . 
  on it goes , with the ever closer union . 
  who but the brits is even talkimg about that anymore ? 
  it also seems marketwatch is unaware that the uk renegotiated its relationship with the eu in the beginning of this year and that the long since empty credo of ever closer union was to be strikken from the books , if remain had won the referendum . 
  the brits decided otherwise . 
  still we need an eu team that will struggle to unite the eu members against may 's skilled negotiation startegy . 
  the team needs to fight them for every scrap , never give an inch , prevent the uk from taking advantage of us and our eu . 
  marketwatch is right that they are trying to do that . 
  we need a paranoid team that will be watchful at all times , because a moment 's inattention could be all it takes for the brits to trick us into tolerating their free riding on the eu 's back . 
  the union might collapse in a couple of months . 
  if the french elect lepen and of she then takes france out of the eu , or if the germans elect afd and they blow the eu apart with incompetence , then that will be it . 
  no more eu in any sense that matters . 
  in all of the western world liberal ideals are under attack . 
  what can a democracy do to protect itself from that threat ? 
  as long as the attackers restrict themselves to means that are democratic on the surface , legal means wo n't work . 
  what is there to be done ? 
  i think it 's better to cut our losses and leave the marginal eastern eu nations to figure it out alone . 
  pis is n't an aberration , their party won the last elections by such a great margin that they can govern without a coalition . 
  next door to them orban won a referendum to shirk eu obligations by a giant margin . 
  these peoples do n't care about our common interest in a functional eu , we ca n't carry them in these harsh times . 
  the eu is too troubled and weak to do anything else . 
  also we should strive to keep tusk , i think he 's the most effective politician we have at the eu level . 
  that makes it even worse . 
  with the eu struggling for survival the pis ca n't think beyond it 's own party interests , not those of their nation , let alone those we all share in the eu . 
  poland needs to leave the union , they do n't want it to work and we do n't have the strength to carry them until they sort themselves out .
