  those lovely maps of europe where the balkans , norway and switzerland are absent , i am so looking forward to one where the whole uk is absent and the republic of ireland is all alone in the north sea . 
  it would be even better if scotland left and they were this second island with an absurdly straight border on their southern coast . 
  [ watch this ] ( https://youtu.be/ccgrzs4gxv4?t=60 ) i think this must be the high point of bojo 's television career . 
  just like the uk 's access to the single market is up for negotiation . 
  nothing is set in stone , but what can the uk offer in return ? 
  if the eu plays its cards right , we can protect our markets from uk competition , but open up enough uk markets to still benefit , without the freedom of movement coming into play . 
  sounds like that would be the best deal available . 
  the poles will be perfectly equal eu citizens , because the dutch wo n't be free to move to the uk either . 
  the eu will be at peace because it has proven the value of the internal market . 
  the uk will be free to do what it wants on its island in the sea . 
  scotland has something else to be angry about at the english , the irish will be too occupied with their almost troubles to make fancy tax deals with american companies . 
  it will all turn around . 
  which the eastern states agreed to . 
  the uk will have to convince them alone to do so this time . 
  it 's a risk , not a given . 
  hyperinflation has happened at the collapse of a currency . 
  if you can figure that out now , then tool you 'll be rich . 
  it 's not just gdp per capita , more about the international money markets and international lending . 
  people wo n't be sure what will happen and want to keep their euros , that implies that the new austrian money will trade below the official exchange rate . 
  so everyone with a state pension , or money stuck in the bank will lose a part of their savings . 
  but that 's a best guess and historical observation . 
  look into capital flight if you want to know more . 
  i so love this , that cartographical blindness . 
  why did the eea members get to join but not the swiss ? 
  since the uk sits on some major transatlantic transfer nodes , i do wonder what that means for europeans . 
  1290 , that was the year . 
  you are right , we need to respect democracy . 
  it is more useful to ask why eu leaders wo n't do that , than it is to tell them to bite the bullet . 
  i can tell you one thing , the reason is n't that they never though of biting the bullet . 
  yes , the oil pumped up by saudi 's aramco is going into our cars . 
  they help the americans secure the region enough so that the oil can keep flowing , both theirs and the oil from the uae . 
  that alone means they can swagger about and insult people , whether or not they invest in the dutch economy . 
  sure the money they have is important , but not as important as the continued flow of oil . 
  it 's not over though . 
  we all agreed to start implementing ceta , but it still has to be ratified by national parliaments and some regional ones too . 
  if one of them balks then the eu is n't living up to its end of ceta and the canadians are in their right to stop their implementation too . 
  the ceta show will have a comeback . 
  people 's livelihoods depends on those diplomas . 
  they are worried that more competition will mean lower wages and that they will lose out . 
  consumers are worried that they 'll get shoddy service . 
  the state is worried it wo n't be able to set standards in education . 
  it will take a lot of work before eu states trust that they can do this . 
   let 's have it then , organize referendums . 
  how about we organize referendums three rungs down . 
  first a referendum to see if we want a referendum to decide if we 'll have a referendum , which will decide whether or not we choose about our future in the eu by another referendum . 
  if that passes then we have a referendum on the eu referendum , after another popular mandate , we can have a referendum on the eu . 
  i think the people should be allowed to decide if they want to decide matters by referendum , as early as possible in the process . 
  now that i think about it , there should be another referendum to decide whether we decide this by a purely dutch referendum , or a pan-eu referendum where everyone decides at once . 
  then all the other member states should hold the same referendum , if we all want a pan european referendum , then we can organize a first eu wide referendum to decide what the second one will ask . 
  after the people have chosen the question , they can democratically choose the answer they want to give . 
  i think this is the only fair way to do it . 
  saudi arabia is a partner in the pax americana and helps us ensure a secure and continuous supply of oil . 
  there are many reasons we do n't speak out against their actions in yemen . 
  most of them are not that they have bought european companies . 
  i do n't really get the problem . 
  the chinese plan is to spend money in europe , they do , the money is real even if we do n't know where it is from exactly . 
  as long as the chinese pay market prices i do n't understand the problem . 
  in every sale the buyer must think the price is worth paying , even as the seller values the money more than what he gives up . 
  in a way that implies someone is getting the short end of the stick , but in a good trade both parties are pretty happy with the outcome . 
  i do n't , but most services run into legal barriers and unrecognized diplomas . 
  in the uk press they 'll say things like hairdressers in france need three diplomas . 
  in austria they have a special diploma for wigmakers , etc. 
  those are the non-tariff barriers they mean . 
  few english hairdressers have the kind of accreditation the french accept . . others are more practical doctors need to speak the local language , lawyers need to understand the national law , foreign university degrees are of uncertain calue . 
  those sorts of requirements are more difficult to criticize , but they are probably more valuable . 
  i do like that you called the netherlands a large economy . 
  we have the best economy , the greatest , really the best in the world !, 
  i saw blair on tv saying the iraq invasion was worth it even after isis and all of that , so i do n't doubt that he could defend his migration policy . 
  the integration of the market for services is seen as incomplete . 
  in the anglo sphere , they even say it does n't exist . 
  they are not wrong , but they do n't like to admit why that pillar is so weak , or that the eu is a big reason we got as far as we did . 
  i doubt blair likes the outcome either . 
  still millions of europeans went to the uk and helped form the metropolis that is modern london . 
  many work productively and live well in the uk as eu citizens . 
  it is likely that they will stay put even after brexit . 
  that period where people were free to move added to the sum of human happiness , otherwise those migrants would be headed home , and it was good for the uk economy , right up until it lead to brexit . 
  perhaps blair would say it was worth it . 
  that is such bull . 
  the uk has chosen to be open to migration earlier than all other western eu members . 
  the people in the uk did n't have to do that , they decided to because it would be profitable . 
  if the freedom is changed to be smaller than it was , then the full market access will be reduced to less than it was . 
  if the uk gets regulatory freedom , then the same thing happens , less regulatory equivalence will be accepted . 
  if the eu courts ca n't arbitrate disputes , then the uk will lose even more market access . 
  brexit is the people of the uk saying that this is worth the price . 
  accept it and accept that this wo n't change how the eu works . 
  the eu has a long record of negotiating access to the single market . 
  it has done so quite often and always protected our freedom of movement . 
  most recently in the shadow play with the swiss . 
  look at the difference between ceta and what eea members get , that 's what the eu will do in the brexit negotiations . 
  it will hurt to go there , but unless the eu does it , the whole single market and with it the eu will start to crumble . 
  from germany to malta leaders all say the same . 
  the eu as it exists today is a bargain that has political costs for all and if the uk destroys our freedom then eu membership with all the other burdens intact wo n't make sense for some member states . 
  if the eu comes undone and if the single market is less comprehensive , then we will all lose even more than the value of trade with the uk . 
  the eu has made this choice before , single market access for a trade partner at the cost of our four freedoms and loss our political equilibrium . 
  the choice has always been no , that 's why i trust the choice will be no market access again for the uk . 
  i 'm mostly in utrecht , but also in amsterdam regularly . 
  the strangest thing is that so few people realised it was retroactive . 
  the agreement went into effect in january , before the referendum on it . 
  almost nobody seemed to be aware of that . 
  i asked that about giving up land in the luhansk and donbas region on / r/ukrainianconflict .
