  one would hope that the turkish armed forces inflict the kind of losses that reduce the pkk 's ability to do terrorism . 
  as we have learned it is impossible to kill enough insurgents to stop their movement . 
  all that can be done to degrade military abilities and then negotiate on better terms . 
  this fight sounds stupid . 
  why do losses and winter mean more attacks ? 
   `` efsi 's eligible sectors ... may need to be expanded in order to ido n't do much . 
  improve the eib group 's outreach to eu13 countries , '' the report said . 
  the problem is that the fund is focused on projects that the eu 13 do n't do much , but if they changed that they would get more money . 
  it 's not entirely obvious how this relates to all eu money transfers . 
  another thing to keep in mind is that the bulk of the eu population probably lives in the eu15 . 
  but the other nation might not be . 
  under most conditions you lose your dutch citizenship if you take on another nationality for example . 
  well living in a democracy , as all of us eu citizens do , it 's going to be pretty hard to sign trade deals with everyone protesting against globalization . 
  on top of that it might be alright , tariffs on goods are already pretty low in the whole world . 
  getting regulation to align is difficult and probably not good if the societies in question are too different . 
  are you sure you want to trust the american 's word about what is safe medication , for example ? 
  because i think i might not . 
  the eu is relatively young and constantly changing . 
  we eu citizens do n't even agree about what it should be , let alone what it is right now . 
  if the rest of the eu was confidently agreeing to this trade deal , then it would be certain that we would be able to find our around some walloons . 
  but in germany there are vocal protests against this deal . 
  even on this sub there are some who cry out against it * . 
  in the near future the brexit negotiations will put everything else on a back burner . 
  so it 's now or never and the coalition in support of the deal is shaky , if this fails , then there wo n't be a ceta agreement for some time . 
  * i am 99 % certain i read on this very sub that the ceta would damage privacy on the internet , because the canadians have a very tolerant surveillance law . 
  chavez took all the oil money and then handed it out , thereby enshrining his party 's place in government . 
  this was n't a nice , or wise thing to do , but are we sure chavez enriched himself personally ? 
  there does seem to be pretty concrete evidence that putin stole money to keep it . 
  with reports of secret bank accounts and incredibly rich cronies , like that cellist who had a billion dollars all of a sudden . 
  on top of that there is pretty good evidence that putin has ordered assassinations of his political enemies , which makes him a murderer . 
  something more like a mafia don , than a president of a nation . 
  if we have eliminated the impossible , then what remains is the thing that must be done . 
  if we ca n't share a currency without sharing fiscal and economic currency , then something needs to give . 
  i think the most achievable result would be to form smaller groupings within the eu and integrate more power over these smaller groups . 
  those smaller groups of similar countries would probably find it easier to align fiscal and economic policy . 
  each would have to have their own version of the euro , unless they want to keep their own money . 
  a benelux , germany , austria group could work , or for the easterners we could make a visegrad group . 
  maybe we can pair up some more groupings like that . 
  i think we should do something similar to the schengenzone . 
  we ca n't have a borderless zone without a common refugee policy . 
  i think we should strive to make zones within the eu that can agree to that . 
  so somewhere east of berlin there would be a hard border with checks in place , but also autonomy to set a new refugee policy . 
  so how surprising would it be , if it this was just an excuse ? 
  like for example if the turkish domestic spy agency wanted to have information that dropbox had , but the dropbox people were n't cooperative . 
  could it be something like that ? 
  because this sounds very silly . 
  it 's an unfortunate fact of life that there are innocent people who get punished by the legal system . 
  sometimes by mistake , sometimes because the rulers are unjust , sometimes out of official inertia . 
  the granting of amnesty does n't imply any extra judgement . 
  just that there was a punishment on the books and that it will not be applied . 
  amnesty is given to those who would be punished , but are not . 
  it does n't matter if you 're guilty of something or not . 
  do you have to give up your old nationality for that ? 
  some nations do n't like the double nationality business . 
  so do you understand kant now ? 
  now we know crimea will be returned to ukraine in the next three years . 
  how is that pointless . 
  the prospects of a new and fragile regime are different if they will be welcomed into the community of nation , compared to the prospects of a nation that is not . 
  by supporting recognition of croatia , the germans were making it clear they did n't mind if yugoslavia was destroyed . 
  most of the time when things go really bad , the first news is about dead people and explosions . 
  this one is about a large police force hunting for a single suspect . 
  it will probably be alright . 
  so when did germany recognize croatian independence ? 
  i 've heard that german support for croatia was a vital ingredient in the destruction of yugoslavia . 
  that and the croatian victory over the yugoslavian army . 
  i do n't know the story you 're referring to . 
  do you have a link , or a hint ? 
  unless the point of the european spirit is that sometimes a nation acts for the common good , not purely out of self interest . 
  if everyone takes that transactional approach then the eu is certain to fail . 
  this is what / u/radio53 had to say about [ that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56dm1c/as_a_fellow_european_i_feel_im_no_longer_welcome/d8iev51 ), 
  what kind of war is poland going to fight with those helicopters ? 
  something like iraq ? 
  or is this all part of a plan to fight a russian invasion ? 
  congo , is n't that where marc dutroux grew up ? 
  i like that you think the refugee crisis is over . 
  seeing how it rages on worst in nations and regions with the fewest refugees , it is clear that it is n't over . 
  the outrage against refugees is an expression of a socio-political power group . 
  that group wo n't go away for a long time . 
  the jean-claude we have now is luxembourgian though . 
  this is not the same . 
  there 's a certain humerous element to the whole undertaking . 
  nobody in their right mind would care what most private messages say . 
  now they built a computer to read them , instead of a person and it a highly intelligent undertaking all of a sudden . 
  i wonder how many stupid emails about meetings and texts about even less they have stored over there . 
  i demand that the french next elect a leader named after another eu member state . 
  it is unfair that only the dutch get a french leader named after their country . 
  something along the lines nicholas slovakia , marine le germany , jacques cyprus , dominique de catalonia , etc. 
  to make it completely fair though , the new leader in question ca n't be any better than hollande . 
  they got caught , again . 
  since snowden nothing has changed . 
  it 'd be nice if someone did do something about mass surveillance , so i do n't mind that the news is reporting the same story again . 
  the more polls you do , the more results you get . 
  eventually some of them will show a rebound even if nothing has happened . 
  the ultimate sellers and buyers of the item for sale pay a little more , or get a little less . 
  that is the money that goes to the arbitrageurs . 
  i mean that the thing the low latency trade provide is that liquidity at the micro second scale . 
  if the buyers and sellers had a choice , then i think most of them would n't mind losing a fractions of a second , in exchange for a few cents per sale . 
  the liquidity is partially an illusion . 
  in a crisis , when markets at up , most models do n't work .
