  xenophobia is on the rise in the whole eu , except perhaps spain and portugal . 
  in the netherlands , denmark , finland , france , germany , and italy , i know there are eurosceptic parties on the rise , there might be more countries . 
  in poland and hungary they are developing a new mode of governance that is n't what we would consider democratic . 
  they are both demonstrating that the eu ca n't stop them even if we are deeply worried and the whole eu disapproves . 
  the brexit , with the uk politicians intent on getting what 's best for them . 
  that will do damage to the eu . 
  their announced plans to bribe poorer eu countries are just the start . 
  the deep and lasting failures of the eu to execute any policy . 
  just look at ceta . 
  why ca n't we negotiate a good trade deal in seven years and if it was good , then why ca n't we sign it ? 
  sounds like there is a complete lack of any power in brussels , even as we pretend otherwise . 
  i think that the problems are great and that political expedience means nobody will bother to fix it . 
  the best popular politicians are willing to say about the eu is the absolute minimum to keep the thing going . 
  there are so many crises we face and so many who want to see the eu fail . 
  from orban , to farage , to wilders , to putin , even abu bakr al-baghdadi would be alright with it if the eu broke up . 
  name one european politician who is both popular and openly defends the idea of a united europe . 
  in a democratic continent the eu can not survive unless the people want it to and the people ultimately do n't . 
  everything the british ever say about brexit is for them . 
  they will make it a success for themselves . 
  in their rhetoric all the give must come from the eu side . 
  i just get fed up with it . 
  bojo her minister of foreign affairs said the we were a corpse with shackles on . 
  if the post-brexit deal is n't good for everyone , then it wo n't be good for anyone . 
  yet the british politicians never have anything even remotely helpful to say about the eu and may is the leader of the pack . 
  from the many woes of the eu , which we all know they secretly enjoy . 
  to the language they use to describe us . 
  to the way they talk about immigration from the eu , even as they are sucking up talent and highly skilled people from across the continent . 
  it 's all so fucking arrogant . 
  the eu might very well die soon and while that prospect grieves me , i know the name of at least one person who would smile at the thought and that is theresa may . 
  are n't we all a little petty at times . 
  [ here a rather funny dutch cheese story . 
  ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/01/8500-kilos-of-dutch-cheese-was-stolen-from-dairy-farms-last-year/ ), 
  now before we get along too well , i must admit a grave sin . 
  i once bought maple syrup and i did n't like how it tasted . 
  i even followed one of those silly american recipes with the measurement cups so i could make real pancakes to put under my maple syrup , but all i can say is nah . 
  as long as theresa may does n't like it , i am all for it . 
  since the eu is n't capable of agreeing to anything anyway , as per ceta , it hardly matters what is said . 
  all our negotiators need to know is the word for no . 
  perhaps not even that , they can probably mime it . 
  the worst part of this whole joke is that the eu did have that power , they gave it away . 
  see the eu is really unpopular and they were worried that there would be some populist upswing if they forced this deal through . 
  the eu commission judged this was the safer option . 
  [ read up if you want to . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/eu-commission-ceta-should-be-approved-by-national-parliaments/a-19379263 ) after this wallonian stunt , we probably wo n't do that again . 
  you have to understand though that free trade and trade agreements are not popular across europe . 
  the biggest public response to ceta have been protests against it . 
  this was always going to be difficult , that 's why they were in such a hurry to try and get it through . 
  while this is n't a nice way to treat canada , the walloons are holding the whole eu hostage . 
  everyone else said yes and they said no . 
  if we ca n't resolve this then we have a big problem . 
  while we can probably live without ceta , it could crash our economy in the netherlands if we get a bad trade agreement with the uk after brexit . 
  the same probably holds for the irish , perhaps also the rest of the eu . 
  we need to make sure nobody can pull something like that out of the hat at the last minute . 
  [ for the right answer ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/93002-reddit-silver-medal-meme-funny-b9d2.jpeg ), 
  as a well informed person i am going to ask you a question , which one of these is the president of the council of europe : * martin schulz with the pretty beard * jean-claude juncker who likes a little tipple * donald tusk the only one with political talent, 
  well we have 22 other official eu languages , and because of the peculiarities of the uk we could also decide to use welsh . 
  i think that could give a real boost to the economy in wales . 
  i am willing to bet that we would need to invent some words for all the legalese necessary to have good trade talks . 
  this issue is far from over . 
  as long as we have an institution with three presidents , i think i can be forgiven when i mistake one for the other . 
  the council made a mistake and with them donald tusk . 
  of juncker , schulz , and tusk , i think our donald is by far the most capable one . 
  in a sense it would be more logical if the drunkard made all the errors of judgement , but fine . 
  what change does he want in the ceta ? 
  the lessons of history are not only the ones we want to learn . 
  in many ways the eu is more like the polish-lithuanian commonwealth than the usa or switzerland . 
  the thing we are trying to do is not simple and it is quite likely that we will fail , much like the plc did . 
  another similar state that ultimately died is the holy roman empire . 
  survivorship bias means you only look at the polities that worked and lasted . 
  many poltical groups do not , or only live on in an entirely different form . 
  we should keep that in mind . 
  the eu should n't have given national governments the right to veto either . 
  it would make a whole lot more sense if we did this like the us . 
  first we all give the eu parliament the right to decide for all of , then we negotiate , then the parliament signs and the deals is done . 
  it was similar to this , but then juncker decided that it would be a great move to give national parliaments the right to decide this individually . 
  that man is like a bottomless pit of idiocy . 
  there is some leverage somewhere , but i suspect that a fair part of the national leaders of member states could n't even find wallonia on a map . 
  let alone figure out what they want . 
  in the flemish belgian news , i found that they are concerned about : * isds * agricultural policy * environmental policy . 
  the bbc comes with this awesome quote from the leader of the wallonian parliament :  mr magnette said : `` we sense a willingness among our canadian friends to make more concessions . '', 
  what carrot does he want ? 
  i suspect that magnette does n't mind that he is front page news across the world , while the eu leaders have to figure out what sticks and carrots they can find quickly . 
  if the canadians give in then magnette looks like a great negotiator . 
  if the deal falls apart , then he stopped globalization . 
  it does n't matter so much why this happens . 
  this is just another sign that the eu could very well die soon . 
  we have no plan b for when that happens . 
  68 % of the french people already looked at the eu with disfavor . 
  the italians are so angry at their government that they might elect the 5 star party which wants to leave the euro and reduce the eu 's role . 
  everybody in the eu knows this failure wo n't help , but the walloons decided that it does n't matter , they ca n't sign this . 
  the eu wo n't die by one cataclysmic event , it will die because nobody is willing to act for the common good . 
  the tragedy of the commons applies to the eu too . 
  yes this shows a deep failure of the eu . 
  either we solve shit like this , or we will have to walk away . 
  this is nonsense . 
  why can a regionoal parliament representing 3.5 million people derail a trade agreement for the whole eu of more than 500 million people . 
  canada does n't matter that much , but the eu is rotting at the core . 
  if we ca n't even sign trade deals , then what is left ? 
  the eu was intended to allow us to get together and negotiate trade on better terms , it is the one thing everyone could agree on . 
  across all of europe terrorists hold an event called * attack * with a certain degree of regularity .
