  basically most of out country could be like new orleans after katrina , unless the dikes hold . 
  yes when a state asks to join the eu sets conditions , then when a state decides it does n't want to meet those conditions any more it should be made to leave the union . 
  that 's not the same as making the government in question stop what it 's doing . 
  but the old prussians were in the political union that is known today as the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  i thought the knights of the teutonic/german order took it from the polish lithuanian commonwealth , and that the order fought hard to get as independent from poland as it could . 
  the knights eventually ended up under the electorate of brandenburg and from there the kingdom of prussia . 
  then they did divide poland some more at the end of the 18th century . 
  but that the region around kaliningrad had never gone from german rulers to polish ones , only the other way around . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg is the city . 
  ostpreu\u00dfen was the region , though it used to be bigger . 
  then again it all used to be polish . 
  that 's how ethnic cleansing works . 
  they usually throw in some rape and pillage too , in a special three for one deal of crimes against humanity . 
  the problem can be striped of nearly all these details . 
  it boils down to this . 
  can the eu protect a democracy against the people who elected an undemocratic government . 
  the answer is no . 
  the eu should n't have the power , right , or ambition to override the will of the people . 
  should we then accept undemocratic member states ? 
  the answer again is no . 
  that only leaves one course open , pursue policies to push poland out of the eu . 
  everything else is window dressing . 
  inequality , globalization , economic growth , those are all hard problems we will have to deal with . 
  but we ca n't do that before poland becomes a one party state . 
  we must deal with today 's problems first . 
  [ you laugh but gaddafi started this meme in 2009 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/6136534/libya-called-for-switzerland-to-be-abolished.html ), 
  the eu should n't be in the business of policing democratically elected governments . 
  instead we should be working towards poland leaving the eu . 
  it is not undemocratic to take them out of the club . 
  i like the idea of a general strike more . 
  or we can just be honest and say that we expect the poles to leave the eu if these sanctions actually happen . 
  is there any reason to believe the perpetrator would have gone to czechia ? 
  germany borders lots of countries perhaps it would n't have done much good to close only that one border with czechia . 
  well okay , i almost convinced you . 
   yes , even military spendings are a necessity i like that you admit that subsidies for the arts are more important than defense spending . 
  are you from iceland or some such ? 
  what an idyllic worldview you must have . 
   there is just absolutely no benefit to mass immigration . 
  this is simply untrue , many people will find involve themselves in economic activities and produce goods and services . 
  indeed immigration is correlated with economic growth . 
   selective immigration that welcomes people who are either highly qualified or willing to work on becoming productive and non-intrusive members of their new homes , no problem with that . 
  this sounds good , but governments are n't particularly good at picking the best immigrants . 
  indeed australia used to have a point system for immigration , but they stopped using it because they were n't satisfied with the results . 
  it is also not true that there is no selection at all . 
  asylum seekers are processed to figure out where they came from and if they need asylum . 
  if they do n't need it their asylum request is denied and they are pressured to go back home , also they do n't get the legal rights to seek work for example . 
  while it does n't work every time , lots of people do leave after their asylum request gets denied . 
  as to the point of the current refugee policy , it was written to help europeans after the second world war . 
  it does n't really fit in the world of today , but the world would still be a worse place if we stopped applying it all together . 
  we should change it , but that would involve foresight , which is something politicians do n't do that well . 
  as we have it the current asylum policies make the world a slightly better place and that is good for all people , even those within a country . 
  but why not protest something else that costs the government money ? 
  like nature reserves , or the army , or road maintenance , or subsidies for the arts ? 
  could it be that people display their inherent biases when they choose to protest over immigration ? 
  could it be that they reveal they are prejudiced against foreigners ? 
  well see there we go . 
  i have convinced you :d, 
  let 's repharse your question from two comments up . 
   but what if people do not hate foreigners for being foreigners but they want fewer of them here because of the consequences of mass immigration ? 
  becomes :  but what if people do not hate foreigners for being foreigners but they want fewer of them here because of the consequences of poverty in their community ? 
  as you can see this is a non sequitur . 
  there is no logical reason to want fewer immigrants , if your real problem is that you live in a poor community . 
   you base your entire line of argumentation on the premise that there is inherently nothing wrong with immigration and it can not be blamed for anything . 
  yes / u/xen _ yuropoor that is where the burden of evidence lies . 
  that is because it is much easier to prove that something is harmful than the opposite . 
  if we want to test a hypothesis then why not use the simplest test ? 
  there are politics beyond the economy , but it does n't work the other way around . 
  all economics are ultimately within the realm of politics . 
  i made you [ a venn diagram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6bum8e1.png ) to explain . 
   there are numerous reasons to speak out against mass immigration that have absolutely nothing to do with nationality , race , religion or ethnicity well here you are thinking in extremes . 
  the people who think as you describe are very rare . 
  you can tell because you do n't hear anyone proposing that we ban migration from one part of a country to another . 
  so indeed we know that race , religion , nationality and even ethnicity have to do with the protest against mass migration , because all of these factors influence how people feel about immigration . 
   but what if people do not hate foreigners for being foreigners but they want fewer of them here because of the consequences of mass immigration ? 
  there we can use geographical information to test your idea which might appear to have merit . 
  [ as you can see ] ( http://i.imgur.com/simtogd.png ) though places with the most immigrants did n't favor brexit . 
  there are similar data for the number of pegida protests in german and the number of asylum seekers that made it to their state . 
  in general the places with the most immigrants do n't have a particularly big problem with immigration . 
  so the answer is again that there are very few people who act as you describe . 
  unless you wish to argue that the anti immigrant communities are weak failing parts of society that ca n't support even a fraction of the immigration that other communities deal with . 
  that still leaves one with the suspicion that it would be better to deal with the underlying problems of that community rather than immigration , i.e. 
  that the people who want fewer immigrants are wrong about the nature of their problem . 
   economics and politics are inseparably intertwined . 
  that is the issue . 
  everyone who like / u/muyuu says that the eu changed from a purely economical project which then became political is playing with words . 
  economics are political in and of themselves . 
  political union must therefore come with economic union and everyone who says otherwise is either lying , or confused . 
  well you see in the eu all eu citizens have freedom of movement , this makes it possible that certain countries will see immigration . 
  sometimes immigrants are foreigners !, 
  people who do n't like foreigners because they are foreigners are of course xenophobes and not racists , but the difference is harder to make than you might think . 
  mainly because ethnicity and race are both flexible concepts that mean different things to different people . 
  i agree though that this joke would have been better if it had said bigoted , instead of racist . 
  while i do n't doubt that you are correct about the treaty of maastricht , i think the cognitive dissonance goes deeper . 
  the original founding treaty of the eec back in 1954 was negotiated and signed by politicians . 
  you can look up the signatories , they were people like konrad adenauer i.e. 
  the highest politicians of the countries involved . 
  how can you look at that organization that was founded and run by politicians and come to the conclusion that it was n't a political project ? 
  but would they have lost if they did n't have to guard against soviet attack ? 
  but even piedmonte , which had been safely ruled by the house of savoy for centuries . 
  until the dynasty leveraged it all in a play to gain the throne of a united italy , the savoyards were doing pretty well i thought .
