  if all eu enlargement achieved was that this reaction is delayed by twenty years , then it might still have been worth it . 
  also because of the nato and eu enlargement , they are the ones dealing with most of the russian influence , not us . 
  that is nice too . 
  bloomberg is the company founded by michael bloomberg . 
  they make most of their money by selling things called bloomberg terminals , very expensive computers in a fancy network . 
  these terminals are mostly used by big stock trading operations . 
  if more people bought and sold more stocks , then bloomberg 's business would grow . 
  i was joking that this was the source of their bias . 
  well our gdp would probably be about 25 % higher if we all worked as much as the average american . 
  just think of the number of stocks we could buy with that money . 
  sounds like it would be easy enough to make northern ireland whole though . 
  just take a week and a half of [ the bus money ] ( http://cdn1-www.craveonline.com/assets/uploads/2016/06/brexit-vote-leave-bus.jpg ) and voila . 
  also , if we go by tax balance per region , are you sure that most of the uk is n't funded by london ? 
  perhaps with some tax neutral regions . 
  do we have data that show that the vote in this referendum was any worse than the normal vote in parliamentary elections ? 
  it all depends on the arrangement the uk gets after brexit . 
  i think it might be alright for the median out voter in the long term . 
  highly paid and educated workers will always lose , but most people in the uk are n't like them . 
  there are some tourists who are worth a lot of money . 
  someone who goes to london or paris to shop in fancy boutiques is a high value tourist . 
  someone who goes to the schwarzwald for a week of camping is a lower value tourist . 
  i think that the fraction of high value tourists is higher in the uk . 
  it is not certain that currency depreciation still has that boosting effect on the economy . 
  see [ this article ] ( https://out.reddit.com/t3_57zyn0?url=http%3a%2f%2fuk.businessinsider.com%2fdeutsche-bank-a-weak-pound-wont-help-exports-2016-10&amp;token=aqaazomfwcyc5ultxrodqx5x5gzw7phpk9rkvfr3lfgfjsv9gzfs ) for a start , there are more sources that say the same . 
  see [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/57zyn0/deutsche_bank_a_weak_pound_wont_boost_britain/d8wxukb ) from / r/ukpolitics by / u/britredditor1 for some of them . 
  all exports with the eu are 10 % of the uk gdp and half of all exports . 
  even if all eu-uk trade were banned , then the uk would still be standing and it is incredibly unlikely that that would happen let alone that it would work . 
  it would harm too many people . 
  i agree that eea membership would not resolve any of the problems the uk had with the eu and would add several new problems . 
  i think it should be possible to let some industries work under eu regulation and get close to full access to the common market for those industries . 
  perhaps with another level of customs checks or some such . 
  with a few arrangement for some important industries , a large part of the exports could be covered and the trade protected . 
  then the uk should be free to arrange things as it likes for the rest of the things . 
  the only issue that i ca n't get a hold of is the irish situation . 
  we will need a customs border where we make sure they do n't smuggle too much into the eu from northern ireland . 
  i believe the good friday accords demand that there be open border traffic across the irish border . 
  that would draw the whole eu into the irish question . 
  i do n't see how that would work . 
  i did n't know that about the energy situation . 
  the v4 is often grouped together , with poland as the biggest country setting the tone most of the time . 
  but seeing how you guys joined the euro on its wild ride , do n't see how slovakia could go another way than the rest of the euro area . 
  the point i was trying to make is not that the v4 should be marginalized as such , but that there should be more freedom within the eu to stay out of some projects . 
  there are so many of us and there are so many differences that we need to find another way . 
  on most big questions we ca n't keep on arguing until everyone agrees . 
  the infrastructure will have to be replaced at some point . 
  it wears down , it gets outdated . 
  it is a choice not to do it now . 
  not entirely budget neutral , but far more than you imply . 
  when it comes to solar irradiation , which is the biggest potential growth sector , the v4 are n't in such a bad spot , [ here a map ] ( http://www.sunnshop.nl/images/irradiation-europe.png ) . 
  that is enough for germany , it could be enough for the v4 . 
  besides there is thought to be a large potential for fracking in poland . 
  with that gas and a few new energy plants , they could also do a lot of good for the climate . 
  the push behind that is also very weak . 
  the irish revealed their hand , they want an open border . 
  the visegrad group said they want the four freedoms . 
  theresa may had talks with the dutch pm . 
  the president of the council of europe made a clear statement as well . 
  it 's not like the uk do n't know what 's going to happen . 
  the greek crisis was negotiated in a failure of the eu system , each country out for itself and germany carried the day by economic might . 
  brexit wo n't be like that . 
  the eu has a mechanism on the books for this process , it has time to make it work . 
  also the germans have reasons to be unhappy about the out come of the greek crisis . 
  so do most other eu countries . 
  the only ones that do n't are like the netherlands and finland , who supported the german stance but got none of the blame . 
  brexit will be done through the eu institutions , negotiated by the tame eu politicians . 
  we will indeed have to see what theresa may and her team come up with . 
  i do think that they will get most of what they can agree on . 
  since most of the ttip and ceta negotiations were done in secret , we may never know that though . 
  all we will see is the final agreement , which will come in 2019 at the soonest . 
  maybe not purely the coal industry but the energy stations that burn coal , yes it has something to do with the energy infrastructure , that would make it relatively costly to adopt new alternative energy sources . 
  i think it comes down to visegrad not wanting to spend that money and them starting off with old soviet style energy networks . 
  sounds like scotland should leave the uk . 
  a federation works when it is a net benefit . 
  the limits are set by trust , solidarity , and agreement on the goals . 
  when we ca n't trust that something will be done well , we ca n't cooperate . 
  that is the core of the euro crisis . 
  many in the creditor countries think the debtor states will waste the money , if they were given any . 
  in the migrant crisis it is lack of agreement on goals . 
  easterners do n't feel the same as we do about helping the war savaged victims of the world . 
  with the uk it was ultimately lack of trust , so many of them believed we europeans were scheming to take them somewhere they did n't want to go . 
  on top of all of it there is a lacking layer of solidarity . 
  it is a bavarian problem if bremen has a big flood they will help even if they think the people of bremen are at fault because of shoddy maintenance . 
  it is not a bavarian problem if the greek state is broke and the country is flooded with asylum seekers , they wo n't help ( as much ) . 
  we can work on trust , we can build a new pan-consensus on the goals . 
  eventually we may inspire more solidarity . 
  that will take time , it will have to grow on its own . 
  we can try to foster these developments as much as we can , but we can only federalize at the pace these three factors allow . 
   i voted remain , but only just , and if the vote came up again i 'm not sure which way i 'd vote as the proposition of the eu has changed dramatically in recent months . 
  rapid federalisation as soon as possible now seems the adopted mandate . 
  this sentiment is not explained by the euro . 
  i want concrete examples . 
  on federalism , i think it must be limited . 
  look at the usa . 
  their country is so hard to govern because it is the size of a continent with over 300 million people in it . 
  it is hard to come to an agreement with so many people living so far apart . 
  deadlock in the house of representatives is an expression of that disagreement , not a cause of it . 
  we have 27 countries in the eu with different cultures , different historical backgrounds , different ambitions , and different ideas of reasonable politics . 
  we should n't be trying to do things together , if we ca n't reach agreement on what to do . 
  let 's take a big one , climate change . 
  in the visegrad group their domestic consensus is that it is more important to protect the local coal industry .
