  the only counter to that is to prevent them from building the missile defense shield , or to build more dangerous weapons . 
  who 's talking about the korean peninsula ? 
  besides if the usa are n't going to attack anyone , then why would they care about a defensive pact against them ? 
  logical would dictate that it would never be triggered . 
  if the usa attacks they shoot all their missiles at once to defeat the shield . 
  also killing most of humanity in the process , but that 's mad for you . 
  let 's say the shield is 99 % effective , then you shoot a hundred times the needed nuclear bombs at the shield and voil\u00e0 , you 're back where it all started . 
  beats nuclear war . 
  trump would solve everything . 
  issues with merkel ? 
  grab her by the you know what !, 
  issues with the uk ? 
  grab may by the hooha !, 
  issues with north korea ? 
  you know what to do !, 
  world peace by involuntary groping . 
  it would work for sure . 
  denounce your citizenship midflight . 
  if you lose your citizenship by denouncing it that is . 
  i do n't think it works like that . 
  roman rule never did extend all the way to the north of scotland . 
  the conquered province of britannia does not cover all of great britain . 
  would you include that northern part of scotland in britain ? 
  i like the part best where they say everything should be done in secret . 
  sounds like the perfect mix for chaos . 
   when considering the long-run well-being of citizens of a country , a currency arrangement where a country can not be prosperous should be abandoned , virtually whatever the cost . 
  sounds like this think thank supports leaving the euro . 
  well this article gives no sense that the authors knows what those numbers mean . 
  to the extent that you think economist just spout numbers and that mean nothing you are correct . 
  some of us hope that the economists know how the numbers where gathered and what it means when they change . 
  is n't britain bretagne ? 
  so that great britain is where even more of the same people lived . 
  if you guys would try i am sure you could win her back . 
  go for it , plc or bust !, 
  you 're forgetting about belarus , but that 's alright , everyone forgets about belarus . 
  i think poland should just use [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/chor%c4%85giew_kr%c3%b3lewska_kr%c3%b3la_zygmunta_iii_wazy.svg/900px-chor%c4%85giew_kr%c3%b3lewska_kr%c3%b3la_zygmunta_iii_wazy.svg.png ) , perhaps a little simplified . 
  the current flag is too boring . 
  does that mean germany is a wheat field covered in blood , beneath the night sky ? 
  i think albion is only the big island with most of england and scotland on it , but not northern ireland or the other smaller islands that are in the uk like the orkneys . 
  this article reads like it might have been written by an algorithm that generates almost coherent text from economic statistics . 
  demographics do n't always work out like that . 
  children who are cherished and supplied with abundant parental resources , have a greater chance of doing well in live . 
  that includes possible genius-hood . 
  besides of that , having more children has opportunity costs too . 
  fewer geniuses would be able to develop their talent because they are fulltime occupied by child rearing . 
  then there is the environmental impact . 
  an ever growing population will exhaust the environment . 
  lower birthrates could mean that the species , or even the specific ethnicity lasts longer . 
  so a low birthrate might just grow the supply of geniuses , both now and in the future . 
   brexit could be a big alarm bell that the eu has to change ... but everyone is focused on their own problems at home , so it is difficult . 
  what do they think the alarm told us ? 
  because i suspect it did n't say that we should help big banks . 
  hard brexit sounds faintly reminiscent of [ this japanese character . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rs40mcsace ) hooooooooooo !, 
  volkswagen went a step further than all the others . 
  it 's a bit like a peloton of pro cyclists all of whom were up to their gills in illegal doping , but volkswagen was secretly using a motorbike . 
  just as there are statements that are less wrong than others , there are also lies that are greater than others . 
  volkswagen was the greatest liar by a distance . 
  the real issue with the volkswagen deal is that entity that is punished . 
  some volkswagen employees made the decision to cheat , the management did n't stop them because they were in on it , or they were unfit for their jobs . 
  instead of punishing those people , the fines are colletive punishment of vw shareholders and everyone who works for vw , not just those who were involved in the cheating . 
  also the big ocean ( grote oceaan ) or the quiet ocean ( stille oceaan ) . 
  the silent southern ocean is more informal , but yes , you are right . 
  i do like that the difference between a sea and an ocean is the same in dutch and in english . 
  oceans are the bigger deeper ones . 
  there is one place where we make a distinction though . 
  north of the north sea , there 's a body of water that the anglo-saxons have given grand name of the arctic ocean . 
  to us it does n't qualify as an ocean , we call it the northern ice sea ( noordelijke ijszee ) . 
  the facts of this story have stopped to matter . 
  the story is set and we 've come down on the right wing version of the narrative . 
  every time you see the untrue version of the refugee invitation , use it as a reminder that it 's very easy to be fooled . 
  especially when you want to believe the lie, 
  i agree , this was n't an american problem . 
  even if all islamic attacks in the usa directly grew from isis in syria , it would still have cost more american lives to end the syrian civil war . 
  if the eu had the political will and the united army to look out for it 's own interests , then we should have intervened . 
  i can name more than a million reasons why eu politicians want the syrian civil war to be over and they 're all refugees . 
  alas , the eu is not such an entity . 
  now we have to deal with demagogues and xenophobia , which might still be less bad than letting youths die in another mid east war . 
  you 're forgetting a couple of advantages . 
  * trade deals a big trick that the eu has been using was to negotiate as a block . 
  economies like the netherlands and the uk always were pretty open to foreign trade , so in trade negotiations we gave away access to the more closed markets like romania for example . 
  in exchange for access to your markets , all of use got a stronger position in the south korean markets . 
  guess who benefitted most from that . 
  * zone of stability while we sometimes forget about ukraine and her troubles in these muslim times , it is still unpleasant to deal with their troubles . 
  in fact it is even unpleasant to be on the borders of ukraine , that kind of trouble spreads right over borders . 
  romania and poland and the other eastern states are ruled by law and in a way we are used to in western europe . 
  they are involved with the russians and we do n't have to . 
  that is partially because we helped them achieve that through the eu . 
  * brain draining opurtunities in much of the eu 13 the relatively low level of income means that we in the west can easily attract highly skilled people . 
  on the whole more good doctors and engineers etc. 
  are good for the receiving country . 
  though most people go for the uk , probably because everyone can speak english , it still benefits all of us . 
  thanks for the answer and thank you too / u/svorky do the small states like bremen also have their own police force , or would they cooperate with nearby bigger states ? 
  does a big city in a larger state have another level of police force , like let 's say m\u00fcnchen in bayern for example . 
  does m\u00fcnchen have a city police force ? 
  in the netherlands we have a special branch of police that does trains and train stations , aptly called the railway police ( spoorwegpolitie ) . 
  you see them on train stations and every now and they help when a conductor gets into trouble with a passenger . 
  interesting that the germans just use normal federal police for that . 
  bundespolizei sounds like they 're a federal agency . 
  is there a local polizei for each city , or each bundesland ?
