  there was just that one time against napoleon , but nearly everyone lost to napoleon back in those days . 
  italy must have been a quite violent place for a long time . 
  why else would they only build towns around a castle on a hilltop . 
  i do wonder . 
  he uses voc imagery , but were n't the west indies and the north american colonies under the west indische compagnie a.k.a. 
  well then poland probably should n't have been allowed to join the eu in the first place . 
  mistakes were made , but we have to go about fixing them some time , why not now ? 
  do you think someone did a poll to see how well known trudeau is ? 
  because i have n't a clue . 
  i was using free association to advance the conversation . 
  while i might come off as pretty stupid , i do actually know how ftp works . 
  better yet , i know how to google , so if i wanted to know what happened in the polish elections i would . 
  i suspect that the groenlinks guy looking like the canadian guy will have a big influence . 
  look at the wilders , where would he be without his hair ? 
  yes in belgium they just have a good government . 
  our rutte is so boring and our dear wilders is a little to frightening . 
  i think [ this guy ] ( http://nos.nl/data/image/2016/03/11/263702/864x486.jpg ) looks like [ the canadian guy ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jkzf_j3wqyc/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  does that mean he will win ? 
  what do you think ? 
  well you do have a lot of flair , so it must be true . 
  so you 're telling me that for three elections the opposition parties all decided against uniting because the first and second time had gone so well ? 
  how can they have the presidency and both houses of parliament and not get the majority of the vote anywhere ? 
  well the majority of polish people voted for this . 
  maybe he knew that goethe would sound like goed he in dutch ? 
  all parties that were n't full of traitors would had its members killed and been dissolved under stalin . 
  well when the new budget comes the eu can just refuse to fund the visegradians . 
  orban and pis steal it all anyway , so it 's not like it will make a difference to honest people . 
  the government of italy already wanted to stop development funding for countries that only show visegradian solidarity in the refugee crisis . 
  the eu must use all the fiscal pressure it can , it 's the only tool remaining . 
  perhaps we can stop the eu funds from going there earlier ? 
  but in future , i will say it again , the eu needs to be able to expel members that stop meeting the membership criteria . 
  just as for succession , the eu should be able to make a country candidate for expulsion . 
  then they can give them a road map and every reform that makes things worse is another step out the door . 
  why must they be won ? 
  let them go to russia instead . 
  if they shelled it , they can rebuild it . 
  well you do really write that as ue when you ca n't make an \u00fc . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  well they will steadily lose bargaining power in the eu over the next two years . 
  if the other eu countries want this then they will get their way . 
  that is the one thing the eu gains with brexit . 
  it 's odd how you can make words with an e , but say you have no e on your keyboard . 
  there is n't an ambiguity , there is confusion between the two concepts . 
  terrorism is a tactic , its use arises out of circumstance . 
  freedom fighters have a common political goal , i.e. 
  to win freedom of some sort , usually from a hostile and repressive state . 
  people get confused because freedom fighter is a positive label and terrorist a bad one , but the two terms can co-exist in peace . 
  someone can use terrorism for lots of goals , from the protection of animals to the fight for freedom . 
  one can also strive for freedom in lots of ways , by peaceful protest or by violent insurrection , or indeed terror . 
  how about you come up with something that was published in a peer reviewed english , german or dutch journal to support your view . 
  because respected historians apparently do n't cut it in our discussion . 
   there is no modern historical research confirms that there was any kind of `` intentional starvation '' . 
  you are wrong . 
  it is very difficult to prove intent , but it obvious what the communist party did . 
  first they collectivized the country in a reckless manner , suppressing any local resistance . 
  then the crop failed , largely because the regime had bungled the economic management . 
  then when there was n't enough food , they decided to go on taking it from ukraine and other regions largely inhabited by minorities to feed the rest of the ussr particularly the big cities with a mainly russian ethnicity . 
  everyone must have known what the effect would be of that final choice , they took food from people who would n't have enough left . 
  there certainly is historical research into the details of that holodomor and that the communist party caused it , then exacerbated the worst elements . 
  have a look at bloodlands by timothy snyder if you do n't believe me . 
  better yet do your own research and find some real academics . 
  the famines of the ussr are n't the only times the state decided some people had to do the dying . 
  just look at the ussr 's refusal to surrender st. petersburg during the 800 day long siege and how that got a million people killed . 
  the ussr spent the blood of her citizens with maniacal frequency . 
  the whole period from the revolution to the death of stalin is marked by murder and death by guilt on a scale that few governments have ever achieved . 
  certainly under stalin , the share of the dying done by minorities was out of all proportion . 
  because on top of everything else the ussr did n't treat all ethnicities as equals . 
   ukraine was n't the only region affected by this famine but all regions affected by the famine were under soviet control . 
  this was the regime 's doing and it mainly did it to the same minorities that they would suppress for the rest of the soviet period . 
  while many people died , including many russians , the number of ethnic poles , romanians , jews , tartars , etc. 
  is out of all proportion to their share of the soviet population . 
  in this multi ethnic empire everyone had to do the dying when the state decided to make it so , but the ethnic russians did the least of it . 
  strap a bomb to yourself and blow up a bus station and you 're a terrorist . 
  drop a bomb for an airplane and they call it collateral damage if there were women and children at the bus stop , or a precision strike against is if they mostly hit military age men . 
  all violent organizations do the same things the name does n't matter . 
  in ireland they had the potato blight . 
  those years were bleak in other parts of europe too , such as the netherlands . 
  the scale of the problems was less , but there was starvation in many places . 
  that was not because the english misruled in the rest of europe too . 
  that is the difference with ukraine . 
  there a region was intentionally starved for no other reason than that the political system thought it desirable . 
  they knew this would happen , they did it anyway . 
  the profit made this way helped build the industrial capacity of the ussr , but mainly in regions dominated by ethnic russians . 
  i suspect the americans built most of the fleet used to transport the invasion army though . 
  also that they made most of the other weapons and materiel . 
  all while supplying the ussr through the lend-lease plans . 
  i 'm not convinced the uk could have pulled an invasion on such a scale off , without us support , while the americans only really needed the uk as a staging post . 
  you keep saying native . 
  are you sure we agree on what we 're talking about ? 
  there are few liberals who want to build a wall on the mexcian border , deport all illegal immigrants , and put a ban on muslim immigration to the usa . 
  i 'm not aware of any other presidential candidate , or even senator threatening companies with sanctions if they off shore jobs either . 
  so i think that short answer is , not as much . 
  the long answer will have to be something like liberals do n't think it would be good for anyone to implement these policies , not even the legal citizenry of the usa . 
  that 's not what nativism means . 
  [ here the wordnik definition ] ( https://www.wordnik.com/words/nativism ) :  a sociopolitical policy , especially in the united states in the 19th century , favoring the interests of established inhabitants over those of immigrants . 
  basically it 's ethnocentrism by another name . 
  because not even the most imaginative american can pretend they all share an ethnic ancestor group like we tend to do in europe , they call it nativism instead . 
  funnily enough in the israeli press ( at least the english language one ) they sometimes call the same idea tribalism , because the jewish people are sometimes referred to as a tribe , but the politics stay pretty much the same . 
  israel 's politicians have one main duty above all others and that is to get reelected . 
  their constituency of israeli voters probably likes this move .
