  i 'm still not sure what you mean to say though . 
  where would this infrastructure go ? 
  i expect the highest return in places that are doing well already like germany . 
  but the eu would probably want to invest in poor places like sicily . 
  thrn the eu runs into nimbys and makes some mistakes . 
  all the press come to make pictures of the bride to nowhere and people get amgry at the eu . 
  the state ca n't really make jobs though , just redistribute societies wealth . 
  how will bonds help make jobs ? 
  they are just cheap loans . 
  well let 's just see if [ wikipedia has a list . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_states_military_bases ), 
  the votes might even have been cast on the certainty that the resolution would pass . 
  good parliamentary operatives know the count on any vote long before it is held . 
  by voting like this all those meps get to go back home and telling their industrialists that they did the best they could to protect their business interests . 
  there are radar stations and missiles for the us missile shield somewhere in the eastern eu . 
  why do n't they or their personnel show up in your picture ? 
  the russian radar station in belarus is shown . 
  also , on this map it looks like kaliningrad does n't have large russian military bases . 
  from other sources i am lead to believe that there are indeed a lot of troops and iskander missiles over there . 
  edit . 
  i think the trick of this map goes as follows . 
  there are troops under nato command , those are very few . 
  there are also us military bases , like ramstein in germany . 
  they are not nato bases , but us bases , so they are not depicted on this map . 
  that sounds like the bonds would only help those who do n't need them . 
  if you ca n't get a good loan you probably ca n't get 40 % of a good loan either . 
  so you only get cancer of the gums and tongue ? 
  i really do n't think you oversee the problem . 
  rivers flow down until they reach sea level , then they stop and mix with the sea . 
  the only thing to do when sea level rises at the mouth of a river is to raise the whole riverbed all the way up stream until it balances out . 
  that will be the netherlands , a river on a hill . 
  the coastal defense needs , the groundwater seepage , the increase in the magnitude and frequency of large storms . 
  those are problems and they only solution we have is to spend money . 
  eventually that will sink so much capital that we will need eu help , that 's fair , they 're all burnig those sweet fossil fuels , but we do need a guarantee that they 'll help . 
  then there is the fact the if the levees break in a major way , our economy will be shit . 
  not shit like ireland 's economy was shit . 
  shit in the way that makes you move to greece in search of better prospects . 
  that is a real risk even if it 's a small one . 
  if that happens we will need solidarity from the whole eu to get back to where we were . 
  eurobonds sound like a blank cheque . 
  you know like the nato guarantee that inspires most signatories not to spend enough on defense . 
  it would probably better to start somewhere else . 
  common unemployment benefits would be my favorite . 
  then the member states can add extra for their citizens and all eu people get treated equally . 
  even if they move far away they get the same unemployment benefits . 
  nothing bad about extra generosity , right ? 
  also it would grow the eu budget . 
  the more money the more important the eu looks , even if it 's money we would have spent anyway . 
  you can say that , but that does n't make it true . 
  perhaps we should hire one of those wallstreet banks to say that the euro is fine . 
  everyone trusts those rich banks about money . 
  climate change , rising seas , living below the sea level already . 
  if that goes on we will have to force the rivers to flow above the land . 
  it 's absurd and ultimately dangerous . 
  this will consume money and lead to disaster . 
  the member states ca n't consent . 
  the people have to agree first and they are unconvinced as of today . 
  like the italians for example who seem to prefer the murder of the euro . 
  to the extent that my government can extract guarantees from the rest of the eu that we will get the same kind of solidarity if the netherlands ever are in need , sure . 
  also some more anti corruption mechanisms . 
  i feel that a lot of eu money gets misspent now . 
  :( ca n't we just say that the euro will get better some day and that the incredibly tough and generous italians can hold on until then . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i mostly think this story is sensible . 
  i think five star will get elected and murder the euro . 
  i do n't want them to murder my euros . 
  cattle fights as soon as they figures out what the slaughterhouse is . 
  humans look at the slaughterhouse every day , knowing what it is . 
  they just convince themselves that they wo n't ever end up there . 
  i do n't understand why every sane or insane person we elect believes in internetsurveillancedo n't have a clue what secrets they hear from the spies . 
  but it must convince them that internet surveillance is worth it . 
  we ca n't really argue with shadowy operators who never have to publicly present results or describe what they do . 
  all that really remains is to encrypt everything . 
  but even that has its limit . 
  people are sloppy and spooks the world over work to make encryption work less well . 
  if you 're doing something secret then do n't write it down , do n't communicate with electronics , and do n't carry a phone . 
  know that everything you do online can be preserved forever and read by anyone . 
  realize your phone could tell anyone where you are . 
  admit to yourself that the pattern you are in is predictable and that it will be used to manipulate you , by the state , by other states , by companies . 
  everything the internet allows you to see comes at a price . 
  and knowing all this we are still here , because the state wo n't move against us . 
  i 'd like to think i 'm neutral towards hungary and only anti-orban . 
  if there were the political tools to fight only orbanism and not all of hungary then i 'd prefer to do that . 
  thing is that he 's the democratically elected leader and we should respect that decision even if we ca n't respect him . 
  that means orban and hungary are tied together , which means it 's either a struggle against both , or neither . 
  i 'd prefer to fight if they are coming for our ideals and our way of governing . 
  the question of what we should do is for you and not for me to answer . 
  if hungary ca n't be fixed beyond orban then what can we do to isolate us from his illiberal ways ? 
  i 'm not trying to be edgy . 
  i 'm worried that there is nothing to be done , our socioeconomic model is coming down and much good with it . 
  if the exit of orban 's hungary delays that even a few years then it will be worth it . 
  if it does n't work then at least we tried something . 
  i do n't see any means by which the eu could remove orban , nor am i convinced that it would be good if the eu could do that . 
  the only way forward that remains is to get hungary to quit of it 's own accord , because the eu ca n't expel states either . 
  doing something is better than sticking your head in the ground and hoping for the best . 
  it took the usa a century and a lot of oil to fix that divide , though the poorest states are still in the south . 
  so check in 2090 again to see if amsterdam is richer than warsaw . 
  well fortunately the populists do n't mind internet surveillance , probably because they 're so strong on terrorism . 
  i do n't know why all our leaders think like this , but anonymity on the internet is going to die . 
  instead the government and companies will always have a complete record of everything you say and do online .
