i think people change less from their mid fifties to their early seventies than they do from their twenties to their oldfart-hood . 
  but he was a fifty-four year old donald trump . 
  i doubt he has gained much insight into the eastern europe since then . 
  i watched a bit and it was certainly not neutral , but : 1 . 
  they did their broadcast in german , unlike rt , and they did n't provide their broadcast it in the usa , unlike rt. 
  the german state does not control the programming of german public television , because they do n't control the funding . 
  they have this whole rather absurd system to make sure there are several public channels and they are independent from the state , so that the nazi party can never rise again . 
  there is a difference between a media organization and a propaganda outlet funded and run by a foreign government . 
  that you do n't seem to understand that is disturbing . 
   [ in his book `` the america we deserve '' in 2000 he said that eastern europeans should be left alone to fight out their ancient feuds . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21709998-seven-decades-america-has-been-guarantor-global-order-it-may-now-become-force ), 
  he has also said something along the lines of letting the eastern europeans fight it out among themselves . 
  he also mentioned in passing the he wants the us to be paid for the maintenance of troops stationed abroad . 
  while it all might turn out to mean nothing , he has said it and most other presidents have tried to do most of the things they said during their campaign . 
  in this case we will have to wait and see how the trumpidency proceeds . 
  and so it has set in , reality is splintering , objective truth is just a way of thinking but no longer achievable in political discourse . 
  i 'm not even a registered american ( thank god for that one ) and i do believe that it was indeed russian electioneering . 
  shall we just ignore the hacks which are the source for the leaked emails and move on ? 
  there is also the television channel and website called rt which used to be russia today . 
  it is funded and controlled by the russian government and it was openly actively supportive of the trump candidacy . 
  how do you regard the use of state propaganda to influence an election ? 
  edit . 
  / u/scundoo edited the comment above this one . 
  is used to say :  sorry i 'm not a registered democrat now it says :  sorry , i 'm not * with her -  , *, 
  unless you 're talking about putin , the eu leaders have not interfered in the elections . 
  they must ultimately act to defend the interest of their own people and trump with his isolationist attitude and his remarks about decreasing commitments to nato was not a neutral candidate . 
  it would have been part of the pc culture to pretend they did n't know which way the wind would be blowing if trump got elected . 
  i think you will find few people who are in favor of that kind of transparent lies for no purpose whatsoever . 
  instead they expressed where they stood , as the trump also did himself . 
  he made some pretty remarks about merkel for example . 
  to this lady and all youtube users like her , i have the following to say : if you ca n't be bothered to write down what you have to say , then i ca n't be bothered to listen . 
  certainly not for close to half an hour . 
  the idea is that the people will be presented with a choice between what they have now and the deal negotiated by theresa may . 
  this is a simpler question with a clearer mandate than brexit means brexit . 
  this wo n't happen because the eu does n't work like that . 
  the uk will leave before the new deal is made . 
  either you guys go into some interim eea-like arrangement or the agreement reached under article fifty says you guys leave the eu in a certain number of years . 
  then we negotiate the post brexit trade agreement that will be more permanent . 
  there is no point on this path when you can choose between the long-term agreement and staying a member of the eu . 
  the uk will have left before the agreement even exists . 
  bad economic management . 
  that the state was too slow in approving good developments and too ready to stimulate bad ideas . 
  but singapore ? 
  they 're a city state . 
  their hinterland is malaysia . 
  why would they be the bigger port ? 
  if rotterdam out competed hamburg , antwerp , and perhaps also naple then rotterdam could have had as much traffic as those asian ports . 
  was it policy error that those ports grew because rotterdam did n't build enough maasvlaktes and too little toxic industry . 
  was it a policy error that all those asian port grew so much bigger . 
  or was it all an unavoidable consequence of chinese economic growth ? 
  in practice a library lender could lend a book and then remove the drm . 
  i suspect that is quite common with all media a library lends but books . 
  cassette tapes , vhs tapes , dvd discs , music cds , audiobooks , and ebooks . 
  even some books find themselves in the xerox machine at times . 
  that is a technical fact and the product you get is almost as good as buying the item in question . 
  the owner of the ebook can still set a price that is too high so the ebook wo n't be sold . 
  libraries always paid more for their books than private people , because they get loaned out so often . 
  they can increase that several times for an ebook . 
  what did the rights holders want ? 
  the only change i see is that they could have gotten rid of limited numbers of consecutive loans . 
  as in the case of an ebook that can only be loaned out forty times in its lifetime . 
  rights holders can still ask absurd amounts of money or refuse to sell to libraries . 
  that way their ebooks wo n't be available in libraries , which is the whole issue . 
  many ebooks are unavailable in libraries . 
  some rights holders seem to think that library ebooks are n't worth the hassle . 
  i think we should also jointly develop new weapons . 
  you know , drones , missiles , lasers , satellites , better nuclear weapons , bigger boats , signals intelligence , the whole lot . 
  all of those fancy expensive things that work at the american scale , but not at the scale of a single european nation . 
  it should be easier to share the costs and agree on some research interests . 
  we can do that . 
  perhaps we already do , idk to be honest . 
  there is a need for more military capability though and i do feel that need . 
  i just do n't see how we would manage it politically . 
  in theory at least i think the eu countries could loan more money for almost 0.0 % interest and use it to make helicopters , boats , and guns . 
  that 's not so difficult . 
  if we all buy an army together we could even get something that looks good on paper . 
  the thing is just that i would n't support sending dutch boys and girls into harms way if the french president says we should . 
  even if he has a very beautiful name . 
  i think that an eu army would fail in the moment of crisis and that is the worst possible moment for an army to fail . 
  ultimately , in our current system , the only person with the authority to send dutch soldiers into harm 's way is the dutch prime minister . 
  i suspect you feel the same , as do most europeans . 
  i do n't see how that reality can be united with the need for a combined military power that can move independently from the united states of trump . 
  fact is that most of the trade that is n't happening because of the sanctions is trade between the eu and russia . 
  even if the usa decides they want to remove sanctions , we do n't have to follow . 
  we can still hurt them in so far as we ever could . 
  it looks like there is very little space for radicalizing preachery in italy , because the catholic church and the local organized crime organizations take up so much public space . 
  in italy it is harder to radicalize young vulnerable muslims . 
  that 's an advantage . 
  there are others . 
  in some ways the italian economy is more flexible than others in europe , exactly because it is so common for people to think outside of the law . 
  another example is waste that is officially classified as so dangerous and toxic that it is n't entirely clear if you could even dispose of it legally if you wanted to . 
  the italian grey economy has created some very competitive solutions to this problem . 
  well most of what i know of italian politics comes from reading about organized crime and from an old column in our newspaper called berlusconi watch . 
  they used to tell you every week what the guy had done this time . 
  while both of those are entertaining , it hardly seems like a complete picture of italian politics . 
  on a side note , there is some serious evidence that refugees have an easier time finding work in italy because the grey economy is so big . 
  most do menial work for poor pay while in a country like sweden they refugees ca n't find any work because the minimum wage is strictly maintained . 
  that is fascinating is n't it , that italy by not achieving the level of regulation that sweden maintains , is actually more successful in the currently important issue of integration . 
  estonia says russia is messing about with little green mean , russia says the russian minority in estonia is acting autonomously . 
  estonia demands help before they get crimea 'd .
