  i think part of the problem comes from being a such a strong nation . 
  when china does something , no neighboring nation can stop it . 
  russia is in a similar position with many of the states that were once in the soviet union . 
  yet they both somehow end up taking a little thing , at the cost of friendly cooperation which could give them many more valuable things . 
  the us does that too all the time . 
  strong nations can get what they want when they need to , but if they have to do it by force then the blow back is often large and unforeseeable . 
  and [ eskers ] ( http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3303/3475078644_b1d5059f19.jpg ) ? 
  what are they called in the lands where they occur ? 
  china is showing some deeply inept diplomacy . 
  the clashing with the usa and japan has too much public support , but the rest of their nine dashed line through the south china sea is just foolish . 
  the vietnamese are doing joint military exercises with the americans , because the chinese drove them to it . 
  that was a remarkably bad outcome considering where the relatively recent war in vietnam . 
  they bought some tiny islands at the price of frightening every neighboring asian state into cooperation with the usa . 
  look at what 's happening in the philippines , if the chinese had played their cards right they could have done that to most of asia . 
  the american position would be way weaker . 
  that 's a major blunder . 
  there is in fact more than one dutch person on reddit . 
  i am not all of them . 
  you are quoting / u/sphornet in that lower part . 
  as to my use of the word right . 
  i meant it in its purely logical sense . 
  1 +1 = 2 is right 1 +1 = 1 is wrong . 
  you as a native speaker could surely have seen what i meant with your superior understanding of english . 
  then you chose a phrase which would befuddle me because right & wrong is so much like good & evil . 
  look if we 're going to run one borderless area , then we need a common refugee policy . 
  that ca n't be that the greeks and italians have to deal with almost all asylum seekers who come to europe . 
  renzi has made clear that funds alone wo n't do . 
  if it 's not going to be quotas , then what is it going to be . 
  besides , the german bundesl\u00e4nder redistribute asylum seekers at some point in the process . 
  it would make sense that the germans first thought that their system could work for the whole eu . 
  ambassadors do n't do anything on the high level anymore . 
  their home government tells ambassadors what to do , then the ambassador is in no position to change that . 
  if something important comes up then may and trump will talk directly , by phone , or by some sort of skype . 
  ambassadors do lower level charming stuff . 
  they stand around during ceremonies . 
  they make good impressions on businessmen . 
  if farage took the job then would be putting himself on a sidetrack . 
  a former israeli ambassador to the usa wrote a tell all book about obama , from that book you could tell the guy had hardly ever met obama . 
  you 've got the chronology wrong . 
  the germans were already in isaf by december 2001 . 
  their soldiers were taking casualties in afghanistan by 2002 . 
  the invasion of iraq happened in 2003 . 
  there is no point being made . 
  elections and objective facts do n't share a close relation . 
  if we were talking about right and wrong then it is strange that none of us used those words up to this point . 
  how did we end up discussing ethics ? 
  i have not told you if my identity matters to me , nor have i said anything about objectivity . 
  moral truths exist , even if they can not be observed objectively . 
  elections are just not a means to find truth . 
  run an election campaign on the idea that we will all die , see how that goes . 
  does n't change the outcome though . 
   at least afghanistan when i said that i meant afghanistan . 
  you know the war that the germans joined , the nation that was helpless . 
  now as to whether blair lied , there is pretty good evidence that he did . 
  the uk had a big investigation about it , did n't get much coverage though . 
  basically the intelligence people said they did n't believe in wmd . 
  then the bush people found some dissident who told them there were loads of wmd like they wanted to hear . 
  blair decided to believe that dissident even after his intelligence services told him that they did n't believe a word of it . 
  there were still weapons inspections in iraq tasked with proving a negative . 
  when those did n't fail quickly enough at an impossible task , the us and blair 's uk invaded . 
  no other reason was necessary . 
  he lied about wmd to invade iraq , then it turned into a ckusterf * ck that is still not over . 
  at least afghanistan was honest , the usa was angry and hurt after 911 , so they took it out on some helpless poor country . 
  the world could either help them do it and earn brownie points , or refuse and anger the world 's most powerful nation . 
  even germany chose the former . 
  tony blair killed his own image when he helped bush start a war on the basis of lies . 
  i do n't agree with / u/sphornet about that particular point , not even with his mental framing of the issue . 
  but i disagree with you completely . 
  just because it does n't win elections that does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  that 's not what elections are supposed to do . 
  in a democracy the government has to listen to and respect the wishes of the people . 
  voting is a means to enforce that . 
  elections do n't reveal what 's true and they do n't have to . 
  sounds like the kind of limitless self confidence that brought him to iraq . 
  the political campaign as arbiter of truth . 
  if we had held a referendum on the laws of nature then the universe would have been a different place . 
  that there is truth splintering before your very own eyes . 
  the other guy surely thinks that looking at an eu website would be as ridiculous as we think he is . 
  people who think like that are winning , these are the post truth times . 
  well you guys will elect lepen next year and then do le frexit anyway . 
  your elections are earlier than ours , so it wo n't matter if we elect all the wrong people . 
  i just hope the euro crisis ends with the eu . 
  only a fraction of americans voted in the presidential elections . 
  about 120 million voters out of a population of 323 , that 's barely more than a third . 
  what you 're saying is a deflection , not an answer . 
  primary voters were all americans , but not all of them were registered party members because of open primaries . 
  registering is pretty easy by the way * . 
  why did the primary voters decide to pick those two candidates ? 
  * in europe being a party member usually means you pay a contribution to the party and it is really appreciated if party members are active and show up at party events . 
  only the people who joined get to vote on internal party events . 
  us style registration is a lot more common and involve less attachment to that party . 
   mind , if hillary had spent the past two decades or so promoting electoral reform and then this happened , i 'd maybe be inclined to view it in a different light -- but she was n't . 
  this kind of sentiment shows a truth about politics . 
  a proven track record is bad does you no favors in politics . 
  nobody in the usa achieved electoral reform since black people got the vote . 
  except for some southern states that may or may not be trying to suppress some minority votes . 
  hillary did achieve some things , they just were n't the sort of things you like . 
  she helped clinton get elected to the presidency . 
  she ran some influential campaigns , some of which were failures , but some worked out . 
  she was a secretary of state and she did n't so a bad job .
