  ] ( https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/americans-distaste-for-both-trump-and-clinton-is-record-breaking/ ) it seems quite likely that older data do n't exist in that form . 
  you could probably use something innovative to approximate favorability ratings , but i doubt it would be good enough to catch a shift of a percentage point or so . 
  it should work now . 
  [ trump 's favor ability rating is lower than the previous four presidents in a gallup poll . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/197576/trump-favorability-trails-presidents-elect.aspx ) here another [ article with data from pew . 
  ] ( http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/12/trump-is-the-least-popular-president-elect-in-modern-history.html ), 
  i 'm not convinced trump has a consistent political vision . 
  he works hard at having a good public image . 
  he has his own irreverent style of public performance . 
  he likes making money when he can , though he does n't seem to mind risking a big financial loss . 
  that is all i see as consistent in his public persona and it falls far short of a coherent political vision . 
  that 's why i would consider trump to be a weather vane for the public 's mood , even more than other ` normal ' politicians . 
  he 's not right and he 's not left , he will try to do whatever will make him look best at that moment . 
  i would n't consider trump to be on the right , certainly not the far right . 
  that 's because the concentration of money is too low among those people you call rich . 
  if they were truly rich , then they would buy stuff like the world 's biggest yacht , or build space rockets , decide to give their money away to cure malaria , etc. 
  the rich will spend the money better than we or the government would , we should give them more of it . 
  the problem is n't that enriching the rich does n't work , we just have n't done enough of it . 
  it is as rockefeller said about the multimillionaire banker pierpont-morgan , `` he was n't even a rich man . '', 
  only people whose personal wealth is higher than the gdp of a respectable country , are really rich . 
  only they will spend the money in the right way . 
  i do n't need one in germany . 
  i can choose not to use it in france . 
  when that changes , then we will have to change the rates we charge the germans too . 
  since i do n't drive that much , i 'm fine with it if they replace the road tax with tolls . 
  someone 's paying fit those roads , it might as well be the users . 
  are you convinced that was n't a video of a man telling a pretty girl in a bar whatever she wants to hear ? 
  well if they do go ahead , then they have to make some new innovations . 
  the german system works by taxing everyone , then giving germans a tax break ( which probably means that at some point in the future the tolls will go up faster than the tax break ) . 
  but anyway , the dutch government would have to find a way to return the money to belgians , danes , and swedes . 
  so they have to come up with something new . 
  besides of that , i think it would make little sense to only charge germans when most of europe has toll roads . 
  it would be better to base tolls on reciprocity , so that the austrians have to pay tolls here too . 
  finally , the previous time the economist looked into this story , a year or two back , they said that everyone would lose if they introduced universal tolls . 
  the volume of traffic is expected to go down as tolls go up , which is presumably bad for all . 
  but because so many foreign drivers go through the centrally located german autobahns , the germans would get more money from foreigners than they would have to pay abroad , unlike most other countries . 
  well in the netherlands we are already working on a toll that will work just the same , but with germans . 
  [ google cache for full article ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21713840-snow-lovers-are-cause-new-european-crisis-motorway-tolls-are-hurting-german-austrian ), 
  might as well point out that all but one cartoon were in english , very anglo-saxon . 
  what do you think they should have said but did n't ? 
  i do admire your faith in the european idea , but i am not so sure it will rise again from the ashes of its old self , like a phoenix of old . 
  i think that if we mess this one up , we 're not going to get anything near as useful as a new and better eu in our lifetime . 
  if you really want things to change for the better , then how about you try to plot a route to go there along an evolutionary path of small steps in the right direction . 
  that way the eu never has to die and we do n't ever have to create a new system , but we could still end up in a better place . 
  in the longer run , the post brexit uk might also make the whole eea unstable . 
  you do know the man was austrian ? 
  it works for them . 
  they fail to mention the biggest upside though . 
  an independent bavaria would be freed of the war guilt . 
  look at austria , they do n't have to say they 're sorry about the war every day , even three generations later . 
  an independent bavaria would n't either . 
  the best reaction would be to split germany up some more , so there is not state that can rightly be called germany . 
  then poof all that ww2 stuff is finally over . 
  well borodino was a lot like a tie . 
  that 's like announcing that any future terrorists should travel by car , not a solution to a problem . 
  how about we talk about a pan european security agency . 
  that could at least work . 
  that 's why the american railway barons make for such good stories . 
  they would compete and try to bankrupt each other , then have a monopoly . 
  the same goes for some railways in the uk . 
  eventually bankers in the us put an end to the practice . 
  in order to protect the massive capital investment made at the start of a railway , the organized the monopoly beforehand without the bankruptcies and the great stories . 
  there 's gestures and gestures . 
  do we know how the family felt about merkel 's possible attendance ? 
  because i would n't have necessarily needed a political statement at the funeral of a loved one . 
  certainly not of she came with hordes of reporters and security people . 
  are you inviting me ? 
  these days you have light city bikes with lots of gears , for the elderly we have ebikes with an electrical engine for extra power . 
  i think it could work , with decent infrastructure a bicycle is the most convenient mode of travel for intermediate distances . 
  besides going downhill on a bike is great fun . 
  we may as well say that experienced people with a proven record keep deciding they want nothing to do with brexit . 
  that started before theresa may became pm . 
  at the same time on the eu side people were and are trying to get in on brexit . 
  at least i 've heard that said . 
  it would be intellectually interesting and look good on a cv . 
  maybe that should show how the deck is stacked . 
  last time a spanish redditor said that the streets just outside the super blocks become worse for traffic . 
  so i think there are no plans to improve capacity . 
  as a dutchman i do feel that they should first focus on building more bike lanes , before they do this experiment . 
  at least when i visited ( 4 years ago ) they did n't have that much bike infrastructure . 
  in the land of the free sarcasm does n't exist . 
  i think you 're not a real american ( did n't vote for sarah palin either did you ! ) . 
  either you show us a picture of your guns , or we demand that the mods remove your obviously false tag . 
  the whole refugee issue is n't about numbers or facts , so it makes sense that politicians do n't care how much measurable good a border post does . 
  that is in fact good politics . 
  having recently visited paris , all i can say is that people will put up with a lot of inconvenience that serves no objective purpose . 
  especially when it comes to immigration , muslims , and terror , we as a society are n't acting on purely rational cues . 
  it is so annoying about danes and their referendum . 
  they could n't vote the way they wanted in this referendum ( most danes were fine with the new europol ) . 
  the reason they could n't was because the referendum would have made future referendums on the eu less likely . 
  they never explain why any of those future referendums would be any better than this one though . 
  i mean the same politicians will be deciding to have one and will be the ones asking the question . 
  in fact with this result danes do n't get to decide anything about the future of the eu in a referendum . 
  instead they default to no , because any government would be taking a big risk if it wrote out another referendum , and you do n't get to be governing party by taking unnecessary risks . 
  so danes voted against their wishes about europol and with that they made sure the danish government wo n't ask them for any eu treaty change for a generation , no matter how actually danes feel about it . 
  that counter intuitive thing about referendums is that they never mean just what they say . 
  both voters and politicians know that . 
  yet all the electorate can do is say yes , no , or spoil the vote . 
   danes voting to leave the schengen zone how would that work ? 
  do n't thousands of people commute to their job across the border with sweden every day ?
