  but they do n't . 
  instead nigel farage schemes for the collapse of the eu . 
  may threatens reprisals if the negotiations do n't go her way . 
  the general public of the uk endulges in random violence against europeans in the uk . 
  finally the uk is sidling up to the trump administration , even as it becomes clear trump opposes the european project . 
  the british idea of a good brexit is one that is good for the uk . 
  but the only good brexit will be one that is good for all parties to it and that includes us who want to remain in a strong and stable eu . 
  the uk should be looking for a way to make that happen , not sending us the wish list which they think they can get . 
  the whole white paper reads a bit like a wish list . 
  the uk wants this and that and such and so . 
  the most substantive part is about the trade negotiations but even there the case is n't made that brexit will be good for us europeans . 
  only that the uk can do some serious damage if they do n't get their way . 
  that 's not very nice . 
  now as to the regulatory bodies , idk . 
  if the uk pays their fair share and follows the rules like everyone else , then that might be okay . 
  the thing to keep in mind is that the eu has its own political interest and an a la carte deal for the uk would be bad for us . 
  so maybe the eu should say no to protect its coherence . 
  now i am asking all germans , is this the famous german sense of humor ? 
  because the joke was already old by the second video and that site looks like you guys are expecting another twenty or so . 
  who 's going to watch all of those ? 
  it will just become an endless series of jokes about of tiny hands grabbing pussies . 
  it would be awesome if we could form cross country coalitions . 
  think of the chaos . 
  we could have a coalition government that ca n't even understand each other . 
  besides then we can dump afd , five star , le pen , and wilders all in the same country and watch freedom burn . 
  you know what i would like . 
  if the spd formed a coalition with our vvd then together they went to go rule in france . 
  all in the spirit of inter eu solidarity . 
  the french could then go rule italy and we both get to have some fun italian politicians . 
  i still \u2764 renzi , even is he lost his referendum . 
  i think it would have really helped if they had invited all european leaders to come and observe the russo-japanese war . 
  the scale of slaughter and the style of battle that they used there foreshadowed ww1 . 
  perhaps if they had all seen that , then they would have known they were n't going to have another franco-prussian war no matter how badly they all wanted to fight one . 
  i think it put the cart before the horse . 
  by preparing for the worst case scenario , they made total disaster more likely . 
  what they needed was deterrence of enemies and the flexibility to limit the scale of any wars they had to fight . 
  what they got was a strong hand , but one that required that they put everything at risk . 
  you never get all that far playing what ifs , but in a few paradox games i 've simulated a game plan where germany allies the usa and then does its utmost not to get involved in any silly wars . 
  i never got 4 % of my simulated citizens killed doing that . 
  there is certainly enough blame to go around , but there is a difference between creating the setting for a world consuming war and actually pulling the trigger . 
  the war had been in the air for a long time , but in 1905 the kaiser and the czar signed a treaty of mutual defense in an attempt to avert war . 
  the government of russia refused to ratify the treaty bj\u00f6rk\u00f6 , because they liked being allied to france . 
  so in some sense the germans and russians also tried to avert war . 
  there were also socialist and communist agitators who were strongly opposed to any european war , though the german socialists ultimately betrayed their idealism and voted to finance the war ... 
  but i would n't say that the british were the only ones who did n't want war . 
  a lot of people suspected that it would be a bloody disaster , some of them were not british and vice versa , there were some in the uk who hoped it would settle the german question and win them the great game . 
  edit , russians and germans , not french . 
  though you could say that whoever thought up that plan german , those who approved it , and the people who built the army to implement it were all making a huge blunder . 
  i mean it might have sounded good in theory , but in hindsight it clearly lacked the flexibility to necessary to deal with something other than the worst case scenario . 
  there was no inherent reason that this would have to lead immediately to war , indeed if the habsburgers had acted swiftly before everyone took a stance , then it could have been over before the rest of europe could have decided to get involved . 
  but again , when the czar signed that order to mobilize , he should have known that europe was going up in flames and from thereon out there was nothing to be done about it . 
  but when the tsar signed that order to mobilize , he should have know that there was no way back . 
  the germans could believe they were n't on the path to war , indeed it seems quite a few of them did believe that , when they gave the habsburgers the infamous blank cheque . 
  it 's the fbi 's job to do internal work in the usa . 
  feel free to speculate and theorize about which candidate that bureau supported . 
  russian mobilization was what really crossed the point of no return . 
  germany had only one plan to win the coming war and that was to defeat france before the russians got going , so when russia mobilized , the germans had to follow without delay . 
  russia must have been like that in the years after ww2 . 
  but nobody was allowed to go there i guess . 
  if the politicians say tariffs then they 're selling nonsense . 
  low tariffs are n't what makes the single market tick . 
  the point is the borderless traffic of goods and services , as flawed and limited as the realization of that ambition maybe . 
  the uk will lose that level of access , we will rebuild that border . 
  that means they are losing something and that wo n't come for free . 
  other countries with less economic ties to the eu try hard to get a trade agreement with us . 
  the british want one of those even more and the eu wide position is that the terms of that agreement will have to be worse for the uk than membership was . 
  this imaginary stand off over tariffs wo n't happen . 
  it is a silly idea . 
  our tariffs with australia or the usa are also pretty low . 
  perhaps the strategy is to threaten all this nonsense to deter eu tariffs , then when they do n't happen the politicians can take a victory lap . 
  i disagree with this ambition . 
  your news sources should be biased , there is so much that is happening and so little of it that matters to you , someone should be editing your news stream . 
  while some might trust the faceless algorithms of google or facebook , i would tell you to pick a quality newspaper and then get to know it . 
  sure they will skew some way , but as you get to know them , you 'll figure out where their bias is . 
  if some story is important to you , you can always look for other sources , they 're only a click away . 
  okay , so you see on a judge 's tax returns that he got bribed to let a child murderer go free . 
  it 's right there in black and white . 
  now what ? 
  because i think only a lunatic would say ; `` oh well , at least he paid his taxes . '', 
  instead i think somebody 's getting lynched . 
  it 's more that there 's no gradation in access . 
  getting cocaine is troublesome . 
  getting cocaine as a child in high amounts is n't much more troublesome . 
  neither is it to try so other drugs once you have a dealer , even if they 're even less safe to use . 
  the people who are in the trade have to deal with violence and paranoia , because their trade is illegal and the courts ca n't enforce contract obligations . 
  the users get subpar unpredictable products because the market is illegal and unregulated . 
  the people who grow the drugs , work in the labs , and other parts of the production have to deal with the violent trade too , ca n't get government support for example for drought . 
  all in all i think you should be able to go to some sort of trip guru , together you guys figure out what drug you want and then you learn about safe usage . 
  that way the users would get into a lot less trouble . 
  but the reason why the drugtrade is so destructive is because it is illegal . 
  if people are going to snort powder anyway , then we might as well check that it 's clean and produced responsibly , so people do n't get sick . 
  also if we tax it , then it does some good for the state , instead of making some criminals very rich . 
  i do n't think drugs should be much more illegal than tobacco . 
  well it 's in a mountain valley is n't it . 
  perhaps that interferes with the signal . 
  all i remember about andorra is a liquor shop . 
  i do n't fully understand why this is true for the illegal drug trade , but not for corruption . 
  i do think that it would be good to ban all corruption and to legalize as much of the drug trade as we can . 
  i mean if the marketing geniuses of coca cola team up with the creeps from monsanto to bring the world gmo cocaine , that would probably not be good . 
  i 'm not sure , but i would n't be surprised if you could still connect to the spanish , french , or italian mobile network while in those countries .
