  i doubt they 're much better than that effort in the aftermath the boston marathon bombing . 
  you can probably find screen captures , if not the whole video , but i do n't really need to see that and if you do and find it , then perhaps you do n't have to help spread it ? 
  would n't they just do what google does and make a financial construct that dodges all taxes , while some corporate entity that is technically independent is in the eu passporting all around . 
  [ cached version ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.economist.com/news/business/21714989-italian-american-carmaker-regulators-headlights-american-regulators-investigate-fiat ), 
  in her great brexit speech theresa may did say that she wanted an open border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  and the church should leave its conviction home . 
  treat gay people equally . 
  treat different religions equally . 
  respect women 's rights . 
  the list goes on . 
  i do n't know if the church goes against that , but i suspect there is that tendency . 
  well now that it has grown like that , it does n't make sense to destroy it in one sweep . 
  i suspect that it 's both making up a balance and that this balance is interesting . 
  i mean the nations with the oldest population are germany , italy , and greece , i think . 
  they 're middling colored . 
  france and the nordics have a lot of children for europeans , but they 're relatively light . 
  the eastern states are darkest on the map , i suspect that means they have relatively few elderly people . 
  i thought job cohen publicly said that he did n't see himself as jewish . 
  it might be his ancestry , but culturally and religiously he does n't think of himself as jewish . 
  it seems a bit rich to just call him a jew anyway . 
  people can get a little touchy when you force an identity on them , so it seems wiser to just let everyone decide for themselves . 
  the problem i have is that you ca n't tell if there are many children or many elderly people in the lighter areas . 
  there are no nuts3 regions in those countries or continent . 
  well except maybe in the parts france still owns . 
  ow come on , we 've been bombarded with the trump show for over a year now . 
  i do n't even use twitter and i know what trump tweets . 
  every time i open a newspaper , that guy is somewhere near the front page . 
  if i did n't have an opinion on him , that would be remarkable . 
  but german churches fulfill some state functions , like running schools and hospitals . 
  that makes those subsides different . 
  i do n't think there would have been riots if there had been a rabbi at the coronation of our king . 
  at most it would have been a joke , like the king . 
  i 'm not sure where you got this idea . 
  in the netherlands there is n't much space in the political realm for religiosity , but it 's not particularly against jews . 
  the would be way more trouble if the king had invited an imam , and even then i would sooner expect angry muttering than riots . 
  well i think that iraq was n't a very unified society at all . 
  with shiites who had been suppressed for a long time and sunnis who were n't going to accept second rate citizenship , while in the north kurds were slowly inching towards ever more independence . 
  compare that to ukraine where they have had their own kind of nationalism since the nineteenth century and the nation has known periods of unified independence since the first world war . 
  while i would n't proclaim to fully understand the issues between ethnic russians and ukrainians in ukraine , i do n't think they are in quite the state of iraq . 
  also , in iraq iran and syria were supporting the terrorism from an early stage . 
  i 'm not so sure that the nato countries surrounding ukraine would do that . 
  the missile shield is madness . 
  the easiest way to deal with the system is to grow the volume of bombs . 
  if the system intercepts 90 % of all enemy missiles , then the russians just launch ten times as many missiles to achieve the same goal . 
  probably with multiple reentry vehicles so that more nuclear bombs can be delivered by a single launch . 
  and the more bombs and the more missiles , the greater the chance that one of them goes off by accident , or somehow falls into the wrong hands . 
  maybe . 
  do you think the ethnic groups in ukraine would have started killing each other like the shias and sunnis did in iraq ? 
  i believe most military strategists estimate that nato could n't have stopped russia if they had invaded with full force . 
  so it must have been some consideration of the ukrainian reaction that prevented such an invasion . 
  that consideration should ultimately tell us what russia is hoping to achieve in ukraine today . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  i would n't know about that , but they have been trying to negotiate and the eu has been unwilling to do anything . 
  probably because that might make their position in the brexit negotiations weaker . 
  the swiss have found that they ca n't maintain the desired level of access to the single market without freedom of movement either . 
  they had a referendum where they decided to end freedom of movement , the eu told them that they would lose all existing trade agreements if they took away our freedom of movement . 
  nothing has happened since then . 
  the single market means freedom of movement , there is no way around that . 
  ask the swiss . 
  norway is in the single market , which may just told us she wants to leave . 
  there are special courts with the power to resolve disputes ( almost like the eu courts may is done with ) . 
  norway is not more sovereign than an eu member in the sense that they need to implement all eu regulations , but do n't even get to vote on it in brussels . 
  norway has the freedom of movement . 
  all in all may just made clear that she will not accept the requirements for the deal with norway . 
  i wonder if we 'll ever hear the arguments putin heard for and against invading all of ukraine . 
  and something top secret about argentina . 
  but at the risk of overstretching the analogy , the divorce is n't the problem , the fighting is . 
  and once the relationship has descended until it 's nothing more than a constant fight , there really is n't any point to staying together . 
  indeed the divorce might just allow things to heal eventually . 
  no eu for istria !, 
  the people went onto the streets even though they knew it could be dangerous . 
  someone tried to take their state from the elected government and they refused to stand by and watch . 
  i think that 's a promising event , even if the result was n't perfect . 
  there 's a cap on the number of votes a single nation can get in the european parliament , and the commissioners are extremely skewed against big nations , we would manage . 
  better yet , with france and germany losing their dominance , smaller countries would get their way and the eu institutions would get more binding power that can be used to keep big nations in check . 
  a big nation like turkey for example . 
  you ca n't join the eu if the eu is no more . 
  turkey will need a lot of time to meet the accession criteria , i 'm not sure the eu has that much time left . 
  well just as they dealt with the coup attempt . 
  the turks have shown that they can and will fight for their democracy . 
  if they want to then they can protect it from erdogan too . 
  otherwise he is just a man and dictatorships are weak during succession , that would be the next turning point . 
  this phase is n't forever . 
  an elected ruler who oversteps his prerogatives is still better than a military dictatorship . 
  the political ambitions of the army have been broken and that is good . 
  if they keep asking about accession for long enough , then i think they will eventually join . 
  the constant crises . 
  the ever growing power of anti eu parties . 
  the loss of credibility . 
  the shrinking international clout . 
  the aging population of europe and their atrophying politics . 
  resurgent russians knocking at the door . 
  the brexiting brits who want to kill the eu . 
  i 'm not so sure that it will work out . 
  i think that turkey will eventually join , unless the eu dies first because of all the crises . 
  if you read arabic and can follow is blogs , then that skillset might be enough . 
  but i am afraid you 'll have to be a patriotic american too . 
  from what i understand the cia has a whole department that just reads newspapers from all around the world . 
  intelligence is n't just spying . 
  i agree with you , the existence of the eu spy agency was news to me .
