  [ this interview with an employee of the eu intcen was interesting i thought . 
  ] ( http://www.mo.be/en/interview/ilkka-salmi-eu-s-007 ), 
  you are right that visa policy probably wo n't be an eu bargaining chip , but a national one . 
  i do think it would be nice if we could avoid this whole stand off whereby each nation has to inflict on british citizens what they inflict on our fellow citizens . 
  i 'm just not sure that 's realistic . 
  if you have eu citizenship , which all citizens of an eu memberstate get , then you have the right to live and work in any other country in the single market . 
  that means that eu ( including the uk until they have actually left ) , but also norway , switzerland , and iceland . 
  that is one of the four freedoms , because the uk wants to deny us that freedom , they have to leave the single market . 
  that is n't the only reason to leave the single market , but it is a big one . 
  if you are a resident alien , then i 'm not sure . 
  i do suspect that there could be some national arrangement . 
  how would my interpretation of donald trump change my vote in the dutch elections ? 
  i really do n't see how it could matter one iota how i think about the donald all the way in the netherlands . 
  just relax , sit back , and enjoy the trump show . 
  i suspect trump is a sort of performance and we 're not the intended audience . 
  i do n't think it means anything except that his voters like to hear it . 
  i think we 're going off on a bit of a tangent here . 
  i do n't doubt that rome is very distinct from the usa or the eu in many ways including its founding . 
  but let me explain where i 'm coming from about romans and their attitudes to the foreign . 
   rome 's history of accepting foreigners as citizens only started later in their history and began out of necessity more than out of principle . 
  it was continued in the late empire when its success was proven , and said success eventually became its downfall too . 
  in spqr mary beard describes rome as a city that saw itself as a home to outcasts and vagabonds . 
  that there were people who could n't find a home elsewhere , but were welcome to make something of themselves in rome . 
  even the their own stories of the city 's founding describe it as people coming there who have no other home , not as some divine story , or some high born colonial enterprise . 
  sending assistance in the form of water safety experts is a lot like telling them they were n't good at governing . 
  in the end the dutch political arrangement around water safety is more important than the engineering . 
  they have many great engineers in the usa . 
  the do n't have any waterschappen that have been working to keep the land dry for centuries . 
  within nato what 's the point of spending for an adequate army ? 
  nato needs a coherent army , nations only benefit from one that can operate independently . 
  that means someone 's getting a useless army . 
  spending within nato context just means we get an army that can do what america wants it to . 
  if we use it for useful things like domestic surveillance and hacking then it wo n't do nato any good . 
  i mean we all know terrorism is the bane of our age , and you fight that by spying on your own law-abiding citizens . 
  the silly thing is that we wo n't need a better army either if nato collapses . 
  we will need a whole lot of nuclear bombs to deter the enemies of the world . 
  think about it , the netherlands , or ireland will almost certainly be outnumbered by any potential hostile nation . 
  that means we will need very destructive weapons to even that out . 
  the wmd have that capability . 
  that wo n't add any net stability to the world either . 
  the dutch government sent a lot of water safety experts to new orleans after katrina . 
  that was telling them how to not get flooded . 
  though i suspect that the real problem is that the americans do n't want to pay for good levees and water management , which is n't really a problem dutch engineers can fix . 
  i mean we spend billions on costal defenses . 
  i think you 'll find that you 're not entirely right about rome . 
  they did n't act on the idea of inherited ethnicity , at least not in the way we do . 
  from the earliest times rome could attract and accept foreigners as romans . 
  first in their city , later in their empire . 
  that was n't just the case in italy , but also in north africa and the iberian peninsula . 
  in greece too they must have had their charm , because the greek half of the empire went on calling themselves and their empire roman for a thousand years after the city of rome was lost . 
  the are signs that even the inhabitants of the provinces of modern day germany , france , and the uk liked their roman citizenship . 
  when 72 goes to one there 's less of something no ? 
  there are fewer rupees . 
  when you make less money , you make deflation . 
  ( deflation is the opposite of inflation and inflation means making more money ) when you make fewer rupees you make de-preciation ( de - as in de-flation , and - preciation meaning valuation or pricing ) . 
  that is so because you price a rupee at 1 which is less than 72 . 
  it all makes sense , the english just use strange words for it . 
  the strength/weakness of a currency lies in the constancy of it 's value and its liquidity not in its exchange rate right now . 
  i mean that those 72.22999 rupea should go to 1 , that 's a depreciation . 
  the euro ca n't depreciate seventy fold , that 's not where parity with the dollar lies . 
  that 's why i said that the inr should devalue . 
  all currencies should just go for parity with the euro , that would be really convenient for everyone . 
   1 eur = 72.2299 inr so for you my friend that means the rupee has to devalue seventy fold !, 
  i think it would be really convenient if the pound fell to the value of one euro exactly . 
  or if the euro went up by that much . 
  but i guess that wo n't happen because the euro is n't really a good currency and beppe grillo is conspiring with marine le pen to kill the euro . 
  but see while we disagree about what is going on , we do agree about the things that should be done . 
  poland should be moved out of the eu , it hardly matters if they go on their own accord , or because they are asked to leave . 
  ca n't you see that we agree on this ? 
  ca n't you see that even in this moment of tension we as fellow europeans can cooperate to do what so many of us see as right ? 
  one could be a fluke , but the second time it happens and the eu just stands by and keeps on funding the country in question , well then you have to get really worried . 
  if we ca n't get those two to leave soon , i think it would be better to leave this eu and start a new one with only democratic countries . 
  seeing how we ca n't kick other countries out of the eu as of today . 
  in the new eu we could also put your suggestion in the rules . 
  i do n't think the democratically elected government of poland should be obliged to do what the commission tells it to do . 
  i think the eu should just be able to insist that poland leave the club as they no longer meet membership criteria . 
  then poland is still free to hold votes in parliament that nobody counts , with media under state control , and no independent courts to get in the government 's way . 
  i assume electoral reform will be next , so they do n't have to worry about voters either . 
  as long as poles keep on supporting pis i see no reason to stop this government , i just want them to do it outside of our eu . 
  if the eu ca n't make poland budge , then perhaps it 's time to reconsider the whole project . 
  what 's the point of a united europe if half her people live under autocratic rule anyway ? 
  if the eu ca n't uphold democracy in memberstates , then perhaps we should follow the brits out . 
  will le pen , beppe grillo , frauke perry , or our geert wilders do the same if they get a chance ? 
  perhaps even with support from their fellow populist leaders from visegrad-land ? 
  i think you might be right , but i got this book from the library , so it 's not like he 's getting anything from me and you do n't have to like someone to read their book . 
  read the book on china by kissinger and say something about it in the discussion . 
   it 's a very funny book . 
  if i learn the whole thing , will you then join my book club on / r/irstudies ? 
  would n't they be hot ? 
  being close to the equator and all ... 
  tell us about your southern friends . 
  i 'm not from eastern europe , do you think we could be friends ? 
  i do n't have eastern friends . 
  well unless you count chinese people . 
  well after russians hacking the us election , making war on ukraine and georgia , and supporting assad and his murderous regime in syria , i can only applaud this american action . 
  if they wo n't listen to anything else , then a threat to national security might just be the thing . 
  you misunderstand the data . 
  they 're about a president-elect . 
  in that situation they have n't done anything yet , so it ca n't matter how bad they were at governing . 
  [ on 538 they have a dataset that goes back to carter , but that 's the longest i could find .
