  the gulf stream probably does n't warm europe that much , so disrupting it would n't change that much . 
  [ read more here if you are curious ] ( http://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/europe-is-warmer-than-canada-because-of-the-gulf-stream-right-not-so-fast-19823546/?no-ist ) . 
  to the second part of the claim is also problematic . 
  we do n't know that messing about with the connection between the mediterranean and the atlantic might lead to drastic changes in the gulf stream . 
  there is very little evidence to support that idea . 
  this is by no means enough to prove it is a safe thing to do , but there is no data that says that disruption is likely . 
  first comes the proof from earth 's history . 
  in the messinian 7.25 - 5.33 million years ago ( the last epoch of the miocene ) , the earth itself was mucking about with the strait of gibraltar * . 
  the continents of africa and europe were crashing into each other and that lifted the crust around the area between morocco and spain . 
  this reduced the amount of water that got through and probably closed the connection at some point . 
  we have no evidence that there were significant changes in the gulf stream of the north atlantic ocean that correlate to the events in the mediterranean during the messinian , though lots of other interesting things were happening that influence the oceanic circulation . 
  the earth had just invented the antarctic ice shield and the ice ages were making a great comeback after all . 
  there is also little model evidence that much would change in the north atlantic , if you take away the connection to the mediterranean . 
  now these models are particularly bad at modeling these issues outright because the gibraltar strait is so narrow that it does n't show up on the scale that is modeled , but scientists do try hard to find workarounds for that issue . 
  so all in all there are lots of reasons not to close the connection between the mediterranean and the world 's oceans , but the gulf stream is n't one of them . 
  while there might be some scientists who think that the mediterranean outflow water is important to the ocean 's circulation , they have n't yet presented the evidence to win most people over . 
  * actually there were two other connections , known as the betic gateway and rifian corridors . 
  the gibraltar strait was probably created at 5.33 ma , when the full connection to the atlantic was restored . 
  for a while it might have been the world 's greatest waterfall . 
  well there are the standard fruits that you peel , but americans must eat those too , i think . 
  like oranges , mandarins , and bananas . 
  coconut and they are probably classified as nuts , but you to really have to peel them . 
  [ lychees ? 
  ] ( http://www.qvm.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/lychee.jpg ) if you try to eat those without peeling it would be bad . 
  [ fresh pineapple ] ( http://i01.i.aliimg.com/photo/v0/140785047/fresh_pineapples.jpg ) is also good . 
  i 've never tried the one with skin on but it looks like it would hurt . 
  they taste different than the ones from a can . 
  [ mangoes ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/t/het-verse-mangofruit-met-besnoeiing-en-groen-doorbladert-20492776.jpg ) are not good with the skin on . 
  but americans must eat those too right ? 
  [ pomegranate ] ( http://www.naturotheek.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/granaatappel.jpg ) is horribly sweet , so sweet that i only like them with other food and i have a sweet tooth . 
  it 's no good if you do n't peel them . 
  [ cactus figs ] ( http://www.bezeewolde.nl/contents/media/cactusvijgen.jpg ) or apparently prickly pears in english . 
  i have n't tried them without peeling them . 
  the name implies that they are painful to eat without peeling and my curiosity did n't drive me to try it anyway . 
  [ papayas ] ( http://www.pantryspa.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/papaya.jpg ) work a lot like melons and reddit has convinced that americans know about melons . 
  the point of voting is n't the voting , it 's being heard . 
  the only true way we can do that is around a dinner table and not even a big dinner table . 
  as long as your representatives listen to you and your country has found a way to respect the rights of any minority representative democracy can work just fine . 
  if you can find another way to let people voice their concerns then that is fine even if nobody ever votes as such . 
  the thing about a true exchange of ideas is that most of the time you just do n't know what the other person is thinking . 
  as long as the community does n't understand your point of view , you can vote all day long , but it wo n't do any good . 
  how can your concerns be handled if nobody understands what they are ? 
  being heard , having your voice recognized as valid , taking your point of view into account . 
  those are important things . 
  the number of votes it requires to get there is rather trivial . 
  chechnya is one of the most oppressive parts of the russian federation . 
  since the conflict the place has been run by the same strongman with ties to putin . 
  the peace is costly because of the russian funding to keep the place going . 
  the peace is uneasy too , there are militants from chechnya fighting in syria and iraq . 
  these people know how to make war still even if they decided that russia is too strong right now . 
  there is also chechen terrorism . 
  the most recent major attack i know off is a bomb in a train station right before the winter olympics . 
  next time it gets leaked that american companies cooperated in mass surveillance , they will be criminals by eu law . 
  while the spies might be okay with that , most normal employees of american companies wo n't . 
  would you help your employers commit a crime against your fellow countrymen ? 
  more voting = more democracy . 
  that 's the myth . 
  just look at the current infatuation with referendums . 
  societal destruction is such a large process that ot should be measured amd detected outside of populist speeches . 
  we should measure the impact of refugees and then figure out how much is too much . 
  especially if you think it is a wide process . 
  but numbers never show up when societal destruction gets mentioned . 
  society is a tough thing it has survived war and plagues and famine and disaster . 
  it wo n't come crashing down at the merest gust of wind . 
  it is profound how much you ignore and choose to steer the discussion away from my central point , that the youtube clip is bad . 
  you lead with word games while illustrating my point , not everyone is welcome here . 
  finally you fail to understand what i was trying to say about the unborn , i 'll forgive you that one it is a complex thought . 
  the nonexistent are an abstract matter . 
  now you do have a point that the 500 million in the eu ca n't all leave europe , but most wo n't want to . 
  if you are convinced that europe has too many muslims for you to lead a happy life , then emigration is easy enough for you . 
  from new zealand to canada you could get accepted as a migrant . 
  it might involve some changes on your part but that 's not the same as having nowhere to go . 
  this man implies lots of things that are n't true on closer inspection . 
   jewish refugees were better refugees  it is a failure of the system if we do n't expel refugees at the earliest available moment  everyone is welcome in europe  europeans have no place to go  societal destruction is a consequence of refugees . 
   that we have obligations to the dead , or that we owe something to people who do n't exist . 
   deepest of all is the unspoken implication that keeping refugees out is a neutral option . 
  jews in pre war europe would have had to predicted both the holocaust and the nazi conquests , so it was hard to say what the first safe country was . 
  after the war though things are clearer . 
  the nazi threat was defeated , many could have gone home . 
  a lot of jewish people did n't . 
  they did n't stay in poland or germany either , even though that was the first safe country they were in after the allies had occupied all of the third reich . 
  jewish people did pick and choose and that was probably best for them . 
  he mentions egyptian gangs in rome , whose members could have been sent back to egypt safely . 
  let 's run through this one . 
  first gangs are finite , even in rome . 
  most egyptians in italy are n't like that . 
  probably it would cost quite a lot to send all of the egyptians in italy back home , even more if the police was going to find them all . 
  is that really worth the effort after decades ? 
  no discussion . 
  the guy does n't even explain why these egyptians in their gangs are worse than the native italian organized criminals who would take their place if they left . 
  most people are not welcome in europe . 
  if you come to our border and tell the guards that you are willing to work hard and seek a better life then they will laugh and tell you to go back home . 
  europe is not welcoming to the poor of the world , particularly if they come from poor countries . 
  only rich or educated people are welcome here . 
  we make an exception for refugees , which is the abused by poor people who ca n't get in . 
  we would n't be having a refugee crisis though if everyone who asked nicely would be welcomed into europe anyway . 
  europeans have some of the most powerful passports there are . 
  if you have some money and some skills you can go abroad quite easily , certainly compared to a guy from the slums of mogadishu . 
  what 's he talking about ? 
  there is a limit to the number of refugees a society can support .
