  in face of real political talent , the pis ca n't do anything but try to smash it . 
  [ like so ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/sydnxtnkjig?t=1402 ), 
  two maniacal war leaders , a religion , and a political supra/intra national body . 
  what 's wrong with that combination ? 
  perhaps we should add a biscuit ? 
  airbus can also bid on defense contracts in the usa, 
  i suspect things in the post coup world would have been easier for him if that lawsuit had n't happened . 
  i suspect that it 's easier to communicate in english as a second language , than it is to understand the translations . 
  first someone turns maltese into english , then someone turns that into your native language , unless you 're unlucky and there is another in between language . 
  in any case , by the time it gets to you , the rhythm is gone , the speaker 's body language and the thing you hear are out of sync , and probably every semblance of rhetorical grace is gone . 
  i suspect a fair share of the translations do n't make any sense . 
  the eu has product quality rules that describe some minimum standard for a product before you can sell it as a banana , as they have for many products . 
  it 's something along the lines of a green to yellow fruit , with a slight bent . 
  if you sold something as a banana , then you can get sued if it did n't meet the standard . 
  edit . 
  seems the rules set the standard for grade a bananas . 
  you can still sell your bananas of any shape as lower grade bananas . 
  also they made the rules less stringent in 2010 because too many bananas were thrown away . 
  that i do not know the czech 's name makes it clear he 's outclassed . 
  berlusconi was taped by a call girl , whom he had hired while he was pm of italy . 
  in his defense he said this :  `` never in my life , not even once , have i had to pay for a sexual encounter , '' berlusconi said . 
  `` and i 'll tell you why : for someone who loves to conquer , the greatest joy is the conquest , so i ask , ` if you pay , what joy can there be ? ' '', 
  he is literally saying that he is too sexy for escorts and he was over seventy when he said that . 
  where in the whole world will you find such a degenerate ? 
  of all our leaders there are none who equal berlusconi when it comes to merriment , orgies , or wine . 
  even if he is n't active anymore , and who knows , italian politics being what they are , he might make a comeback . 
  do you mean angela merkel reminds you of the warrior goddess of wisdom ? 
  i guess it 's interesting to learn how other people think . 
  dionysus was the thigh baby , but zeus put him in there so it was n't as much of a surprise . 
  do the 1 % belong to the 52 % , or the 48 % ? 
  or do both groups get half ? 
  no we expect merkel , the leader of the eu , to birth a baby from her head . 
  well the eu is said to be a rotting corpse by the ukip . 
  besides peace is something great . 
  compared to that , should n't everything be negotiable ? 
  ireland could leave the single market to be with the uk too . 
  i 'm not convinced that is less likely than ni leaving the market of the uk . 
  but cross business will have to be impeded . 
  otherwise everyone will run the eu-uk through ireland to avoid tariffs . 
  i know , i too can read . 
  i meant that the title only works because we are drowned in american culture . 
  this goes to show the dominance of american english culture . 
  a greek taking about a european bank mentions * the famine * . 
  everyone assumes it 's the irish potato famine . 
  blegh . 
  i agree that these ideals were never universal , it was a naive pretense that it was so , but that does n't mean they are finished . 
  we need to defend ourselves from the people who do n't value the enlightenment , it does n't matter if they 're poles , or syrians . 
  if we look at the scale of the problem , then the populist right is both larger than any inflow of foreigners and more politically powerful . 
  it is the true enemy of our way of life and they are the ones we must fight . 
  should we fail and let them overtake our country then they will destroy everything that made it worthwhile to call oneself a european . 
  all we will have is hate , fear , and a weird racial ideology that was already unscientific when it was invented in the twenties . 
  it is far from obvious how a liberal democracy can defend itself from an internal enemy that wants to destroy the workings of the state , but we have to find a way . 
  one of the easiest steps i see is to persuade the most deeply right wing states to leave the eu , such as hungary and poland . 
  i was pointing out that in the east , political anti semitism is live and well . 
  a fact to which the rest of the xenophobic movement is willfully blind . 
  i do admire your inventiveness with words , let me try as well . 
  i 'm arguing for a last desperate defense of the enlightenment ideals . 
  life liberty and happiness that are free to be pursued , the equality of man , the human rights , the separation of power , of checks on power to protect us from tyranny , for an educated informed public capable of running a democracy . 
  forces from the populist right are attacking our way of life and the the threat is strongest from the east . 
  europe is under attack from within . 
  i have a dream that i will one day live in a union where i will not be judged by the size of my country but by the content of my character . 
  do you identify with the eastern xenophobes who are likely to be anti semitic ? 
  it might cost money to go to a local abortion , but that is one thing . 
  finding a foreign doctor willing to help , then going abroad , is something else all together . 
  like the rest of their reproductive rights agenda , it seems cynically aimed at the poor . 
  anybody with disposable means can just go abroad to escape this regime . 
  we still have the xenophobes hatin ' on everybody else . 
  that will do until the next event comes . 
  looks like it might be the americans who crash the european economy by fining deutsche bank & vw . 
  depends on the ring . 
  if it 's that valuable because of its history , or because it was made with particularly fine craftsmanship , or both , then the parts are less than the whole . 
  a fraction of four million is still pretty nice if it includes not going to jail . 
  / u/user _ 82650 is making a reference to a medieval proof of the existence of god , first written down by anselm of canterbury in the eleventh century . 
  one can imagine a being than which none greater can be conceived . 
  we know that existence in reality is greater than existence in the mind alone . 
  if the being we imagine exists only in our mind , then it is not a `` being than which none greater can be conceived '' . 
  a being than which none greater can be conceived must also exist in reality . 
  failure to exist in reality would be failure to be a being than which none greater can be conceived . 
  thus a being than which none greater can be conceived must exist , and we call this being god . 
  the logical flaw is not entirely obvious some great thinkers accepted this line of reasoning . 
  this has entertainment value . 
  for a small contribution the people get to poke fun at their politicians . 
  how is that wasteful ? 
  it might be a con , but even then it 's mostly a funny one . 
  based on the upside down exclamation mark , i guess it 's mexican . 
  we now have a special relationship with them , as i 'm sure you know . 
  that you say that means you do n't understand the refugee crisis . 
  italy has been demanding that the refugees be redistributed , they were n't going to do it on their own . 
  that puts them pretty far from the easterners . 
  in france they actually do n't attract that many refugees and they do give them asylum without too much trouble . 
  they do n't like the terrorism though , so they want more control over the eu borders . 
  that is possible if the refugees who are intercepted , then are redistributed . 
  again pretty alien to the eastern mind . 
  the core of the eu will have to agree that we ca n't have a borderless area without a common refugee policy . 
  those who can agree to that can join . 
  i expect the finding states and perhaps sweden and the iberians . 
  hmm depends a bit on your definition of soon . 
  mine is more like this evening . 
  your seems to be march of 2019 , or even later , because it will take some time to make a globe spanning empire or trade deals .
