  looking at track record , you can get some idea of what her presidency would have been like . 
  trump does n't have any of that , nobody really knows what he 's going to do . 
  his words seem arbitrary , either he does n't mean what he says , or he changes his mind on a whim . 
  he ran a private business for most of his life , we do n't know what he did there exactly . 
  he was sued a lot , but only people who have an issue with trump would have said their piece about him there . 
  he was a reality tv star , that was an act , it probably says little of value about him either . 
  he is a blank canvas and that was a great asset during his campaign . 
  yes but they tag switched . 
  until 1918 they were the german empire , see the flag . 
  then in 1951 they formed the bundesrepublik deutschland in a new decision . 
  that gave them new cores on the whole german region . 
  but the whole election system failed the us this time . 
  in the primaries you guys chose a lady who had already lived in the white house once and trump . 
  why did you do that ? 
  is the talent pool at the top of the political system so shallow ? 
  if that is the case , then how can that be . 
  the us draws in talent from across the world , leads the world in science and business , has a vibrant society and a diverse public . 
  why did you go for two rich seventy year old people from new york this time ? 
  i do not believe you could n't have done better and not in the sense that i prefer a seventy year old from vermont . 
  did n't the afd lady say that merkel had too few children and therefore did n't care about the future . 
  telling women they should have had more children is often considered to be rude at best . 
  as long as they 're in the german region it does n't matter , i think . 
  i have not seen stiglitz call for venezuelan economics anywhere , nor would i consider him left . 
  what his basic argument comes down to are two observations . 
  first globalization is bad for some , even as it does others good . 
  second , those who lose due to globalization have not been compensated sufficiently to make them whole again . 
  those two observations are probably correct . 
  his conclusions i 'm not so sure of . 
  most experienced politicians make small moves to nudge things carefully into another path . 
  they do n't like revolutionary changes . 
  i suspect that this is usually the only acceptable approach when you carry the responsibility for millions of lives . 
  but i would n't say that a world famous nobel prize winning economist has no credibility at all . 
  that 's not what i mean , it 's just that even though the monument is there for a good reason , humans being humans it will be used for what people seek . 
  i think robbing , raping , and criminal conversations are more common desires than meditation on the crimes of the nation . 
  has anyone ever pm 'd you anything because of your username and if so what ? 
  do n't you get the feeling that the holocaust memorial is probably a great place to commit crimes . 
  like you 're in the center of berlin , so it is easy to victims there , but it is also not easy to see what happens , or even hear what 's going on . 
  i think a drug deal or two must have taken place in between those blocks , probably some more violent crimes too . 
  look stiglitz is not entirely wrong in his analysis of the eu and particularly the euro . 
  there are undoubtedly problems . 
  in hindsight that much seems to be clear . 
  if you read carefully he never says it would be free to unmake the eu or globalization , just that it would be better and more democratic if there were a little less globalization . 
  the economy of the uk will not collapse after brexit and there will still be trade with the eu after brexit . 
  stiglitz is right about that . 
  the british public will also have more direct control over their government . 
  they will pay a price for that though . 
  the clearest things are more barriers to trade and less influence in the eu . 
  i am not convinced stiglitz is right that this will be an improvement , but i admit there is a possibility that he is right . 
  this is conflated with some quotes from juncker and then put together to give the telegraph 's view on things , which is ultimately a mainstream british one . 
  the most important thing that is never acknowledged is that there are those who support the eu . 
  that the eu is able to act in its own interest , even when that requires some sacrifice . 
  i do n't think they are trying to lie about that , i think they truly do n't get it . 
  all of this talk about trade talks and what they will and will not say is mainly due to an uneducated press and public when it comes to that issue , combined with a lack of information on the stance of the british government . 
  that such a big and well known british newspaper does n't understand how the eu is seen by many european is really the reason i think it is for the better if the british leave . 
  the eu does stand for something and most of the british do n't like what it stands for , or do n't see the point of that . 
  if we could n't make that clear over decades of eu membership , then we probably never would have . 
   `` so you should be no worse off than canada is with the united states . 
  i find it quite hard to believe that you [ britain ] would be treated worse by europe than the us or canada , or canada is by the us . 
  this would be hard to justify '' . 
  this is a cop out . 
  unrestricted access to the single market , which is what the uk has now , is not the same as what the eu has with canada or the us , it is not even what the usa has with canada . 
  these nations have a free trade agreement , or they trade by the conditions agreed to under wto regulations . 
  while free trade agreements might strike a better balance when it comes to sovereignty and globalization , they are more limited in scope than the unrestricted access to the single market that the uk currently enjoys as an eu member . 
  when they go from the one system to the other barriers to trade will go up and it is widely expected that this will do harm to both the eu and the uk economies . 
  that is not a spiteful policy , but an economic reality . 
  stiglitz knows that , jeremy warner probably does n't . 
  his quote from juncker is either mispoken or ripped out of context :  `` there will be no access to the internal market for those who do not accept the rules -- without exception or nuance -- that make up the very nature of the internal market system . '' juncker came out in support of ceta when the wallonians were blocking it . 
  he is not against free trade agreements , which set conditions for limited access to the markets of the eu . 
  he was expressing a difference which is that there are those who trade with the eu under an fta and those who are in the single market . 
  if the border had n't been closed already , i think you would have had a point . 
  because nazi rockets also genetically modified food crops . 
  are you telling me that the slovaks too are to blame for the defenestration that started the thirty years war ? 
  here i thought the czechs alone were to blame for all those years of slaughter . 
  you say that , but it depends on the flaccidity or erectness of brexit . 
  if brexit is very hard and throbbing then all sorts of barriers to trade might rise up costing everyone lots and lots of money . 
  well except for the time both slovakia and czechia spent in the austro-hungarian empire . 
  before then also maybe in the holy roman empire . 
  the actual brexiting wo n't happen until 2019 , unless there is more delay . 
  so maybe it wo n't matter that much . 
  i do n't think we disagree on a matter of substance . 
  because the people leaving libya are often [ not from libya . 
  ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/2016/10/articles/body/20161022_irc017_0.png ) [ there is an article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/international/21709019-flow-africans-libya-italy-now-europes-worst-migration-crisis-travelling ) that goes with this diagram that explains the networks of people smugglers that bring people from all over africa to libya and then put them in boats which are intended to make it just far enough to be picked up by the european rescue operations . 
  you are showing that you do n't know what the current refugee policy is . 
  it is not so strange nobody listens to you . 
  the policy right now is that we try to send anyone back , unless there is good reason to believe that would put them in danger . 
  that is what being a refugee means . 
  that is what all those treaties to return refugees are for . 
  that is why all asylum claims are processed before anything else happens . 
  as to why we ca n't come and pick them up , or do the even more logical thing and process claims in libya , syrian , and turkey , ask those who argue that the risk of drowning serves our purposes by deterring others from trying to make the journey . 
  any government that tries it will not only lose the next elections , but pave the way for a populist to win the next elections . 
  if he made dutch citizens lawfully living in the netherlands feel unsafe with the things he said during his rallies , then why should n't there be some consequence ? 
  he is a man with a certain influence over others , he should think a little about what he says before he says it . 
  how do you square this with the reductions in the rescue operation . 
  is this worth it if enough refugees are deterred from trying to get to europe and if so then what is the multiplier we need ? 
  how many more should not even try to make the crossing to make it okay that these people drowned ? 
  there was a time when the bulk of all transatlantic shipping was in dutch hands , the dutch guilder was the default currency , and amsterdam the beating heart of international trade . 
  then the english saw what our ancestors had and fought several wars to take what the dutch had justly taken from the catholic iberians . 
  valiantly the dutch fought to hold on to what was theirs , but despite some early successes , the protected position on their island and the larger population of england allowed them to pull ahead . 
  england had the biggest colonial empire , but not the first and not the last . 
  the whole of europe has been engaged with the world for centuries .
