  ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/1951-refugee-convention.html ), 
  how curious . 
  i wonder how the trump is expected to help the uk economy better than clinton would have . 
  no , it 's to antedate your predictions . 
  [ cognitive biases ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cognitive_biases ) are n't a choice and they come up again at every turn . 
  even scientists who are trained to avoid them in their work often find the very same bias structuring their reasoning in another area of life . 
  you can counter sometimes or work around them , but if you 're not close paying attention humans will slip up . 
  your view of what the problems are and how they should be solved is warped by your life . 
  i heard about ideas like that for northern ireland too , so let 's just say the thought is around . 
  well they could detach london from the uk in an economic sense . 
  if there is a tariff barrier between london and the rest of the uk , then london could negotiate it 's own trade policy . 
  it does seem a little unlikely that they will actually do that . 
  your view of what is good for the country gets warped by your self interest . 
  it could be that the other parent was a brit . 
  also , by the time these children are adult they and their parents will have spent decades in the uk . 
  maybe the great culture and society of the island will have persuaded them to be less foreign than you think . 
  it 's mostly a consequence of perceived safety . 
  on most dutch cycle paths the traffic situation is so safe that children can travel unattended and parents do n't see the need for a helmet . 
  in other countries where the infrastructure is less bike focused things are different . 
  most dutch people would wear helmets on canadian roads ( sample size of three ) , i believe . 
  much like most foreigners do n't wear helmets on dutch cycle paths . 
  for example you rarely share the road with vehicles going over 30km/h . 
  on a few rural roads it 's sixty but those are rare and hopefully not so busy . 
  in most urban situations there are dedicated cycle paths for your whole route and intersections are designed to be safe for cyclists . 
  this does n't solve every problem , but it 's a rare in the rest of the world and i do n't know how many netherlanders are aware of that . 
  she was turned into a salt column i believe . 
  i think my children 's bible had the story of sodom and gomorrah in it in some version . 
  the uk also have another border check before they let you in . 
  i do n't know how difficult it would be to dodge , but it would take a better plan than [ neo had . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/uevizdgis60?t=11 ), 
  if the brexit negotiations go really well , that could be seen as a sign that scottish independence will also be less challenging than some are saying now . 
  it could go in every direction . 
  since the scottish people did the first referendum the situation is quite simple , the uk will only lasts as long as the scottish voters can be convinced that they are better off in the union than outside of it . 
  as soon as that balance tilts , even for a short period , the referendum will come . 
   the thing is that she is fighting the economic battle right now with the fact that `` scotland needs to stay in the single market , even if it has to leave the uk '' i do n't think she 's saying that at all . 
  i see her message as a statement of sovereignty . 
  the english ca n't decide if scotland should or should not leave the eu and its single market . 
  that fight is n't won on economics , but on feelings and a sense of independence . 
  you might be right about the projected vote share , but she does n't need to win an economic battle . 
  she needs to win the battle of public opinion . 
  the new referendum will happen as soon as possible after polls show that the snp will win it . 
  that might be never , but it 's hanging in the air none the less . 
  no it 's not , the snp is waiting for their moment . 
  when they are confident they can hit 51 % in a referendum , they will hold the next one . 
  the eu may have been an issue , but there will be other issues in the future . 
  as we have seen with brexit , a good case for breaking a union does n't require a plan for what to do afterwards , it just requires discontent with the way things are now . 
  i think both you and / u/muyuu are looking at this backwards . 
  it is not that the state is doing more , it is doing less . 
  the man who died was sovereign over his own body and he wanted to make it stop living . 
  that was his choice and he was responsible for it . 
  the question is not if the state should be killing people , the question is if society can deny people the right to die when they want to . 
  in as far as possible , the answer has been no for a long time . 
  from cultural and religious taboos against suicide , to the state actively working to make suicide difficult and making it illegal to help someone commit suidicide . 
  this is a step back from that power grab of the past . 
  under a very limited set of conditions , society admits that an individual has the right to death . 
  the help that is given comes with many conditions and with a lot of extra effort , it ca n't have been the easiest way to go either . 
  the state has long been working towards the creation of a walled garden for her citizens , but ultimately that is impossible . 
  the state 's means are limited and since that walled garden contains humans , it wo n't ever be completely safe . 
  this protecting people from their own desire for suicide , on balance i do n't think it 's worth it . 
  an adult and sane human being should be the sovereign over their own body , free to take care of it , or not , free to tattoo it , use or abuse it , free to donate their bodily remains to strangers after death . 
  in the same way the sovereign over the body should be free to end it , when they feel it is time . 
  they are also the logical conclusion of may 's speech to her party . 
  no eu courts , no eu regulation , no freedom of movement . 
  those all mean the same thing , no membership of the single market . 
  to be honest even the brexit vote should have meant that . 
  it makes little sense to lose all eu voting rights without also freeing the uk from all eu regulation . 
  i know a guy who walked around with a broken finger for two weeks , because he preferred to go to the nhs . 
  are you sure the eu has a middle eastern policy ? 
  i think that the importance of turkey is greater than that of israel . 
  both because there are more turkish-europeans than european jews , and because the economic ties are more valuable . 
  about israel there is not so much to say . 
  germany , the netherlands and a few other countries always go along with what israel wants , a few lefties are always against , the rest does n't care . 
  the result is a vague discontent , but general support . 
  only france might really have the will to play real politik with israel , and even they often seem to think it 's not worth the bother . 
  it might actually be cheaper to catch a flight and go to the uk than it is to have us healthcare . 
  i 'm not sure the same monetary incentives apply in spain , or for a student in the netherlands . 
  to be honest i think it is just because many trust their nhs more than some foreign system . 
  do you think that many movers and shakers will even notice lieberman said this ? 
  because i 'd like to hope diplomats have something better to do than get advice from the foreign press . 
  i would n't be surprised if sick britons go back home to their nhs . 
  i know some students who preferred to fly back home and combine it with a visit to family , rather than deal with the dutch healthcare system . 
  it is in fact similar to turkey 's stance to israel after israeli special forces intercepted that blockade breaking boat , but th israeli press does n't like talking about that i guess . 
  i agree it 's mostly a fluff piece to get lieberman in the news . 
  the turkish goverment must be missing so many key functionaries by now that it is underperforming on so many fronts . 
  from their war effort in syria which has to deal with personnel shortages , to their schools which are either lacking teachers or employing unqualified people . 
  compared to that source of impopularity , i fail to see how the eu can shift erdogan 's internal politics . 
  [ google cached version ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.755887 ), 
  [ cached version of the haaretz article , which is the source for this one and also english . 
  ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.755887 ), 
  gomorrah is good . 
  a little violent and sexualized at times , so not for children , but good tv anyway . 
  i also like deutschland 83 , but i would n't call it as good as gomorrah . 
  `` massive migration from the steppe was a source for indo-european languages in europe . '', 
  nature 522.7555 ( 2015 ) : 207-211 . 
  does all of europe have the same ancestral dna ? 
  the same happened with a dutch journalist who was close to the kurds . 
  they let her go , but she was n't allowed to go back and report from turkey . 
  edit her name is fr\u00e9derike geerdink , her [ twitter . 
  i 'll assume this is sarcasm because just by the scope of time and space , i am convinced that somewhere there must have been at some point . 
  my bet would be the russians who were stationed abroad .
