  in most other countries , particularly those with a coastline , we feel differently . 
  i think that it will be more harmful if we have to drag the visegradians along than if we go our separate ways . 
  so no common climate changd policy for us . 
  we can guess , but who knows for sure ? 
  a fair number of people must have seen it though , because nobody is disputing the authorship . 
  that 's why i think the uk will come out ahead in the brexit talks . 
  we have calm sturdy politicians who try to do what 's best . 
  they have bloodhounds like bojo who will hurt their country for a chance at career advancement . 
  if one side is sane and the opponent is ruthless , then who do you think will make the most concessions ? 
  i think the eu will either give in again and again , or the uk kills the brexit talks , blames us and hurts the world economy in the process . 
  where do you see rapidity in anything the eu does ? 
  all i see are plans that will be implemented in years , if ever . 
  even brexit will take a very long time . 
  the fastest thing that happened was that the walloons scuppered ceta . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call that a step towards federalism though . 
  more integration might sabotage the eu more than the uk could . 
  in these times of low trust in the eu and rising popularity of eurosceptic politicians it is n't safe to make the eu more powerful . 
  if we held a referendum on any new measure of eu integration in any member state , then the most likely outcome will be no . 
  that is a fact , we have to deal with it, 
  healthcare is n't purely about delivering longer lives either . 
  more expensive countries spend their money on different things . 
  i am convinced that the number of deaths per 100k citizens is higher in the older nations and that this costs money . 
  i also think that is the biggest fudge . 
  in the small letters below it says that countries with a life expectancy below 70 are n't ranked . 
  i think that is because some of them spend so little money on healthcare that the ranking formula stops making sense . 
  if a country were to spend nothing on healthcare then they would have infinite efficiency . 
  when dutch roads are designed they have cyclists in mind . 
  it is easy and safe by design . 
  as a cyclist you rarely have to share a road with traffic going over thirty and never over fifty . 
  the slow speeds , the safe intersections , the inclusion of a cycling path to nearly everywhere . 
  that also helps . 
  of course you learn your whole life and during your driving lessons they teach you again . 
  that is important , but a dutch driver would be more likely to hit a cyclist on a foreign road that is less bike friendly . 
  i like how all of europe still has the same recognizable coastline , except for the netherlands . 
  is that an anthropogenic coastline or what ? 
  not just that , if the value of your currency drops relative to the dollar , then your score gets higher . 
  it is expensive to take care of the dying . 
  most people who die in developed countries are quite old . 
  countries with a higher percentage of old people will thus have costlier , less efficient healthcare systems on your measure . 
  that inflates the ranking of young countries . 
  japan is exceptional , but singapore 's ranking is being flattered because they have a relatively young population . 
  i 'm going to guess that it is n't that busy in assen , except for that one day when they do the tt . 
  this measure is stupid . 
  most healthcare costs are made in the last few years of life . 
  that means older countries do worse . 
  like japan or germany . 
  let 's take the age group of 65 and older as an indicator for the number of people a healthcare system takes care off . 
  * singapore 10.52 % of of the population * hong kong 14,21 % * germany 20.3 % * japan 26 % that 's a very much lighter burden for the highest scoring nations . 
  i googled this and found a youtube channel of a guy who plays really boring tank games . 
  do all the kids these days know that one guy so well that they get this reference ? 
  why would n't the uk government be able to just buy unsold cars straight from the nissan factory ? 
  that 's a great deal for nissan , just make all the cars they can , run the pant at 100 % of capacity and it all becomes guaranteed sales . 
  if everyone could get a deal like that then they would still be making [ trabant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trabant#/media/file:trabant_601_estate.jpg ) . 
  the immigration thing is both a lie and simple to arrange . 
  nissan just asks the uk government to allow a certain eu worker in and the government signs off on it . 
  that is n't the whole barrier to immigration , but the government is willing to pretend and probably nissan will be able to make do . 
  she promised them money . 
  nissan makes a car in the uk , but because of regulations , or tariffs they find it difficult to sell this car in the uk . 
  nissan goes to the uk government and demonstrates the problem , they receive compensation in the form of money . 
  that is free insurance financed by the tax payer and as such a pretty good deal . 
  [ someone with a blog on cycling infrastructure analyzed this issue . 
  ] ( http://www.aviewfromthecyclepath.com/2015/03/eliminating-risk-of-dooring-good-cycle.html ) while some dutch people are indeed thought during driving lessons this trick , many others are not . 
  it is more common to be aware of cyclists , i guess , but it must be common sense in most countries too , to have a look before opening the door and stepping onto the road . 
  the real gains are made by making cycle paths so wide there is [ room for a car door and a cyclist . 
  ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-6-h5z2zngfa/vp3msm4qhyi/aaaaaaaaxgs/ylfn0dfnrk8/s1600/dscf1200.jpg ) another very good trick is to not put cycling paths next to parked cars and instead [ design roads like this . 
  het [ hele ding zelf ^ pdf ( 182 paginas ) ] ( http://statewatch.org/news/2016/aug/eu-com-copyright-draft.pdf ) en wat uitleg van het [ eff ] ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/08/european-copyright-leak-exposes-plans-force-internet-subsidize-publishers ) en [ creative commons ] ( https://creativecommons.org/2016/09/14/european-commission-copyright-proposal-leaves-users-dark/ ) . 
  because it 's fun . 
  i hope at least . 
  [ there 's another older post with the same video . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/57go9d/what_is_the_single_market_eu_law_liverpool/ ) also i suspect it is too complicated for a fair share of this sub 's users . 
  fifteen minutes of talking about the functioning the workings of the eu common market without buzzwords or any brexit memes . 
  what would happen if the rest of the eu signs the deal anyway ? 
  the law of decreasing returns holds true for the single market , as it holds true for everything else * . 
  most people in the uk would hardly notice if they distanced themselves a little bit from the single market . 
  it should be possible to negotiate something as good as ceta , or as ttip with the uk . 
  not right away , but eventually . 
  we already share much of the same network . 
  the final shape will be hard to foretell , because the uk will want a lot of sovereignty , that will come at the cost of more restricted access to the common market . 
  they will have to decide where they strike that balance . 
  it seems incredible though that they will keep full access because then they would become like norway . 
  the norwegians still have the four freedoms , which the uk does n't want , and they have their own special eea court which overrides local courts , and they need to adopt most eu law without getting to vote on it . 
  that deal would be worse than before brexit , because those were some of the biggest reasons the uk voted to leave . 
  * there 's probably at least some exception , but is that really relevant ? 
  if ceta would deal with 500 million people , then it is n't just the globalists who think that it is rather undemocratic if the walloons get to kill the treaty . 
  that 's what military pressure on terrorism can do . 
  by killing many and hunting more , the military makes sure terrorist group never develops the know how to produce reliable results . 
  all that remains is amateurs with bungled plans . 
  still dangerous but not as dangerous . 
  a political solution would persuade the attackers to stop trying . 
  that is harder to achieve though when people have been murdered . 
  brexit will take shape over years . 
  our eu politicians do not have a mandate to pursue british prosperity , they do n't want to make the uk poorer either . 
  all they will pursue is the best interest of their nation and the eu as a whole . 
  the uk will have to find a way to look out for their own interest . 
  that is n't some flaw of the politicians , that is how trade negotiations work . 
  look at ttip people are protesting against that . 
  the people of europe are n't in a mood to give anything away in trade negotiations . 
  the uk will want a deal that is bigger than ttip , so it will cover more economic sectors . 
  that will be difficult to achieve . 
  every eu member state and some autonomous regions could veto that trade deal , so they all need to believe it 's a good deal .
