  combine that with the fact that sweden has little economic or military leverage and voil\u00e0 , there you have every reason you need for israel 's politicians to act like this . 
  what he seemed to offer was a nativist domestic policy combined with a strong social safety net . 
  at least , strong for american principles . 
  in any case that mix of solidarity for the natives combined with hostility to the foreign was very attractive . 
  now it looks like he 's filling his government with the same people as every other president and that he 's going to allow mike pence to run most of the presidency , but he did n't campaign on that . 
  trump promised them what they wanted , hillary did n't even do that . 
  now he 'll probably fail to deliver , mostly cause trump lacks the skills to be president , but at least he promised to try . 
  just as west europe is draining them of talented and educated people . 
  part of the budget goes to running the eu too , so it 's not like the whole dutch contribution goes to the east . 
  you should also remember that the eu does other things collectively , that do n't benefit all members equally . 
  for example when the eu jointly negotiates a strong trade deal , then the more developed and competitive economies like the netherlands benefit more than say bulgaria . 
  i fully agree that the situation in crimea is different , my point was what caused that different . 
  russia has a large and capable army , if push came to shove , it is a near certainty that they could have defeated everything ukraine could throw at them . 
  tak , whatever assets they might have , would almost certainly lose if the turkish army can find them . 
  that difference in the military balance is what drives their behavior . 
  tak has never been in the circumstance of being able to meet the turkish army on an equal level . 
  tak might have adapted their tactics so that they cause more civilians deaths , they might even enjoy it if there were more deaths , but it is not their political end goal to kill random turkish people . 
  it is very unlikely that the average kurd will get any political advantage from these attacks , not even those who support tak . 
  tak itself might be able to use the media attention and increased suppression by turkish security forces to gather more followers and support , but ultimately the goal of kurdish resistance is n't that tak becomes a great big organization . 
  imagine for a moment that the kurds in eastern turkey could do something similar to what happened in crimea , but on their own strength . 
  first take military control of the region , then hold a referendum , then count the votes by themselves and declare independence . 
  that would work very well if tak wants kurdish independence , they could hold a great celebration and dissolve the organization after that . 
  they ca n't do that because they would get crushed by the turkish army . 
  if they could do it though , that would get them what they wanted . 
  this attack and others like it wo n't create that outcome . 
  no turkish leader will ever announce that after the killing of so many innocent people he will give up and that the kurds are free to go . 
  at best these attacks are a step in the lead up to something that could lead to kurdish independence , but it is n't very likely . 
  if ukraine meets all the criteria for membership , then why should n't they be allowed to join ? 
  if they do n't then our government can just block accession when it 's on the table , since accession requires unanimous consent . 
  why do we have to demand these limits now ? 
  there is also such a thing as state terror . 
  just as with any other tactic , the use of terrorism is n't a moral failing , but a consequence of the strategic position of the group that does the attacks . 
  if tak or pkk had a large fleet and an army that had a reasonable chance of victory , then they would fight battles with the turkish armed forces . 
  because they do n't and do n't see any other way to resist the turkish state either , they resort to terrorism . 
  contrary to what you might believe terror is a last resort . 
  it only works very rarely . 
  violence begets violence , not just between the opposing sides , but also in the rest of society . 
  the track record of peaceful resistance is way better and less harmful to society , even though that is also far from guaranteed to win . 
  why would it help ? 
  the companies will just go to other tax havens . 
  i think we should just bite the bullet and change ownership laws in such a way that only entities that can be made to pay taxes can own property . 
  [ the coast of europe is ] ( http://media.web.britannica.com/eb-media/43/104243-004-d1e92eab.gif ) relatively warm in winter , but that is mainly because it lies on the eastern edge of an ocean . 
  that is why the west coast of north america is relatively warm too , compared the north american east coast , or japan . 
  winds at mid latitudes tend to blow form west to east , because of the rotation of the earth . 
  that brings a sea dominated climate to europe and the west coast , but a land dominated climate to north dakota , u/al500 's russia , china , etc. 
  a sea climate is marked by warmer summers and colder winters . 
  on top of that europe benefits from a wave in air currents caused by the rocky mountains , which transports warmth northwards and makes europe warmer than regions at a similar latitude in the usa and canada . 
  read more [ here ] ( http://ocp.ldeo.columbia.edu/res/div/ocp/gs/pubs/seager_amsci_2006.pdf ) , [ here ] ( http://ocp.ldeo.columbia.edu/res/div/ocp/pub/seager/plantsmanseager2008.pdf ) , and [ here ] ( http://ocp.ldeo.columbia.edu/res/div/ocp/gs/pubs/seager_etal_qj_2002.pdf ) . 
  in the northern reaches of norway things are a little different and the gulf stream 's contribution is there , but that is pretty far to the north and very few people live there . 
  if you look carefully you can see it [ here too . 
  ] ( http://geekologie.com/2013/08/22/earths-seasons-in-a-second.gif ) keep in mind though that mountainous regions will attract snow because of their elevation , which is something different from temperature flows at sea level . 
  smoking will change , but it will never really go away . 
  he puts on a good show and he sounds very confident , but i 'm not sure he offers us a way out . 
  how would we get rid of the euro without ruining people 's savings or causing massive capital flight ? 
  and because of that there is competition and that makes the service good and the prices reasonable . 
  they get to charge for the use of the network , so its not like they owner gets nothing . 
  do n't know , how about you come here found a political party and try it ? 
  i 'll attend the rally . 
  you should see how huffy the pvv people get when you call them the scum of the earth and wish there were less , less , less of them . 
  all of a sudden when they are insulted , they find themselves able to understand that you do n't need to be in a separate race to be discriminated against . 
  how about we start a party that burns down the parliament . 
  then all other parties can also go around burning down buildings and we can stop having a democracy . 
  [ istanbul is the biggest city in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_cities_by_population_within_city_limits ) . 
  the practice of having odessa as a city and an oblast makes it easy to confuse the one with the other . 
  how do you feel about saakashvili ? 
  he seemed a little on edge when he announced he was n't going to be mayor anymore . 
  i do n't know what your career is right now , but in the usa it is quite common to become ambassador if you are rich and donated enough to the winner 's presidential campaign . 
  so if you have the money , why not ? 
  what i 'm referring to is our last discussion though , where you spun a tale of western conspiracy to take over ukraine 's great wealth and resources . 
  as you can see the eu is n't all that interested in cooperation with ukraine . 
  why would the eu leaders conduct this whole conspiracy , willfully risk a conflict with russia , and then refuse ukraine when they seek closer ties ? 
   but visa liberalization has not materialized yet as the eu wants to put an emergency suspension mechanism in place first . 
   the mechanism would make it easier to suspend any visa-waivers if the bloc sees a sharp rise in overstays , asylum requests or readmission refusals from a non-eu state that has had travel rules relaxed . 
   ...  `` when i [ ukrainian deputy foreign minister olena zerkal ] asked if they believe that it is unfair , that we in many areas are discriminated against compared to others , the german ambassador in brussels told me ` life is not fair and you should cope with this ' , '' she said . 
  see this is how welcome ukraine is in the european family of nations , they can have visa free travel as long as they do n't use it . 
  it is not even denied that ukraine is not treated fairly or equally . 
  that is because we do n't actually want ukraine in the eu or anywhere near it . 
  these are the years of xenophobia and closed borders , and in europe we all agree that that means no ukrainians . 
  / u/reineblanche i 'd like you see you talk your way around this diplomatic fact . 
  i could be wrong about where the sun shines from , but i think iceland rarely has the sun setting in the north . 
  organization is key . 
  once you have a politically active public , then it is easier to keep an eye on things , because everyone in the group will be informed when someone notices something is n't right . 
  also after having been involved even tangentially in some political process , it should be easier to tell when some politician is talking out of his ass . 
  this is mediocre if not intentionally wrong . 
  what are the biggest 3 problems ? 
  if blackface does n't mean making your face black , then maybe not . 
  the supposed ethnicity of zwarte piet is ultimately silly to argue about , because it 's a costume and costumes do n't have an ethnicity . 
  this got so big because black face traditions have a racist reputation in the usa . 
  i think that cultural stigma will ultimately defeat all opposition for the simple reason that american culture dominated the whole world . 
  it does n't matter what it is , or how black people experience it in the netherlands . 
  all that matters is how it looks to the anglo-saxons at first glance . 
  there probably was n't a direct barter system before the invention of money . 
  if you lived in a village sized community , you could hold a running bill in your head of who owed you what , then once in a while settle accounts . 
  so credit is probably older than money . 
  i kinda liked renzi , now he 's gone :( . 
  like sarkozy is gone now . 
  did you know trump claimed to have had an affair with sarkozy 's wife ? 
  that could have made for awesome diplomacy . 
  but no all the foreigners vote the fun leaders away . 
   as it is right now 99 % of the users turn off roaming when traveling outside their home country because the price is insane !,
