  nobody in power is against that and many are for that idea . 
  freedom will be redefined as some creep reading everything you do on the internet . 
  they do n't even need a reason why , just an excuse . 
  well we could try what i suggested first and see if they get angry enough to leave . 
  if they do then we can suspend poland 's voting rights and eu support . 
  then maybe the eu gets back on track . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a guarantee , but it 's worth a shot . 
  yes they need cryptocurrencies, 
  the americans trashed the south in their civil war , then crushed the local slave economy without bothering to improve things for the ex slaves either . 
  i think that divide was n't fixed after a century and even today the poorest state are still southern . 
  because he told everyone again and again that the euro is doomed because germany . 
  he has written a book and for a while the marketing related to the release hit the front of / r/europe daily . 
  if you know one economist 's view on the eu economy , then it 's probably stiglutz ' these days . 
  i fail to see how the german government forced anything on italy though . 
  if that upsets you then wait until we try to take california and texas from the usa because they belong to mexico . 
  that will be quite a day . 
  citizen prove your loyalty continuously to the government , because we can not trust you not to damage the state . 
  except to vote of course ... 
  i think the problem is that you 're not very good at being amused . 
  i expect the eastern member states to demand reciprocity on migration rules . 
  as the brexit coalition wants tough measures against eastern european immigration , i expect the eu to accept eastern demands that we return the favor . 
  our own populist voters will like that too . 
  more limits on migration are the easiest stable point . 
  it was always possible to move but it 'll be less easy after brexit . 
  well let me introduce you to the word sarcasm . 
  i suspect you are wrong . 
  i have n't seen any city that 's prettier than a river valley or a mountain . 
  most people who do emigrate do so in their twenties . 
  if a brit wants to go to europe then the window has shrunk suddenly . 
  it is quite likely that brexit will lose them the freedom to move , so it 's now or never for some of them . 
  i 'm more interested in the rate of people who actually go . 
  i suspect it is way lower . 
  there are wild bears and moose in canada . 
  beautiful lakes , big mountains , hot springs , glaciers . 
  why not go there ? 
  also you can practice you french . 
  there are millions of hungarians . 
  stop electing somebody who wants to undermine democracy , or get together and stop orban from doing so even after he got elected . 
  as to being friends with trumpistan , we ca n't stop hungary and it will probably work . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  hungary as it is ruled today would not have been accepted into the eu . 
  it makes sense that the eu makes hungary 's life difficult now too . 
  if this is really the best for hungarians , then you should just leave and run your country as you want . 
  the eu should demand some minimum of good democratic governance though . 
  taiwan was once dutch territory , stolen from us by the chinese . 
  since communist china can still claim that taiwan should be theirs , not matter what the people of taiwan think , it is more honest to give taiwan back to us . 
  we fairly won it from the portuguese . 
  since there are more taiwanese people than netherlanders , we 'll have to be creative about the form of the new state . 
  but if they agree to join the netherlands completely , in the eu and in nato , then they get a lot of nice things . 
  perhaps they 'll say yes . 
  that guy was from luxembourg and all eu leaders with power denounced him . 
  he 's still right though . 
  i think that since of the local subreddits are used by the whole language group , not just nationals . 
  there are flemish users of / r/thenetherlands and austrian users of / r/de . 
  also some foreigners subscribe to the local subs , for example i read/r/ukraina and / r/turkey to the extent that the content is english , but i 'm dutch . 
  i think you would have counted me three times . 
  i think guns are so common in america that it 's more a statement of fact than a threat . 
  most normal americans just carry concealed normal size guns , not rifles . 
  those rifles are too big and inconvenient to lug around all day and everywhere . 
  a little glock is way more convenient . 
  we can still vote in the eu for what we know is right . 
  no more budgetary support for hungary until orban 's attack on civil society and the organs of democracy is reversed . 
  also start the procedure to suspend hungary 's voting rights in the eu , so that the pis will reveal its true colors when it sides with a corrupt illiberal pseudo-putin . 
  we ca n't make the hungarians change a government just because we think it is a corrupt and undemocratic one , but we can show them the door to leave the eu . 
  if they decide orban is worth it , then it 's probably for the best if they leave . 
  either the eu is so deeply wrong about reality that we could n't help hungary if we wanted to , or the values of the hungarian people are so distinct from ours that we ca n't cooperate this closely . 
  in any case we can still show the eu 's values stand for something , even in the trumpian world . 
  in a place such as yours it makes no sense to seek faith , let it find you . 
  have an open mind and a patient heart , and the universe will sort the rest . 
  just post on meta , then send a modmail to ask for them to approve the post . 
  they did that for me when my account was too new . 
  if it 's reasonable and you 're not rude , they 'll agree . 
  they might delete these posts , but who cares ? 
  you 'll have to ask the mods about what happened , but i can guess . 
  i think you submitted something from a blacklisted source . 
  the earlier thing was already in the mod cue , to be checked by a human to see if it was worth it . 
  that 's why you could n't find the previous version . 
  if your story did n't make it at all , then either it was disapproved for something stated in the rules , or it was in another link that was already approved . 
  i do n't think our mods even care about the brexit . 
  i mean they have a map of our sub which does n't even distinguish between the eu and other european nations . 
  it 's not all brexit all the time not even for us here . 
  also this is n't so much a good news story , it 's a delayed fear story . 
  companies were always going to invest in the uk . 
  this is big news because some had been convinced brexit meant there would n't be significant investment in the uk anymore , which was a silly thing to think . 
  what 's there to say ? 
  brexit wo n't be the end of the world , which observation continues to confirm . 
  this story is n't banned so it can be submitted , but probably wo n't reach the front of / r/europe . 
  it may even be because it 's a largely a non story , not because it 's positive about the uk . 
  i do n't care enough to find out . 
  my interest in bojo is limited to laughing at him . 
  every army is built to fight the nation 's enemies . 
  for the baltic states that means fighting russia . 
  they use nato with all it 's american might . 
  there is only one way for them to credibly replace that alliance and that is nuclear weapons on a hair trigger ready to be launched the moment estonia , latvia , or lithuania ca n't be defended anymore by conventional means . 
  that will be an entirely new layer of mad . 
  for the rest of europe we must ask where the nuclear umbrella can come from . 
  either france builds a lot of new bombs and promises to use them for our defense , or even more nations start a bomb project . 
  it ca n't ge any other way after nato . 
  that non proliferation and quiet is way nato bought the usa , once they stop paying we in europe will develop a new arsenal with wmd . 
  no , not at all .
