  is the referendum planned ? 
  yes the economist was very pessimistic about western politics this year . 
  i wonder perhaps it would be alright if the migrant hating populists win . 
  i mean war does n't seem likely and everything else will largely stay the same . 
  sure there will be some damage to civil society and the rule of law , but apparently the people want that . 
  the afd lady even said she does n't want to leave the eu and in the polls right now the french would n't vote for their own brexit . 
  so maybe the eu will survive too . 
  what then will be so bad ? 
  in less democratic , less well governed societies its mainly the poor and outgroups who lose out . 
  on reddit we 're mainly college educated white western men , it wo n't be so bad for us . 
  maybe but i suspect it 's mostly rich people who benefit . 
  not the ex employees of the steel industry . 
  just like there is a solid case to be made that globalization grows the whole pie , that does n't mean your slice wo n't become smaller anyway . 
  i think the same might happen in a country like luxembourg . 
  then most luxembourgers can honestly think they 're not better off . 
  in my limited acquaintance eritreans come from a place so poor and alien that they find it nearly impossible to fit in . 
  perhaps the next generation can fully integrate , but it would amaze me if this generation could . 
  syrians come from urban environments , often have at least some education , many even speak some english . 
  they could potentially enter the labor force with some help and luck , i think . 
  leaving the matter of regime , i have more trust in our ability to help syrian refugees than eritreans . 
  when a member state thinks the matter is of vital importance , they have the ability to exert pressure on the whole eu , and even the world sometimes . 
  that amplifier for a small nation 's voice is very important . 
  everyone loses sometimes because of eu membership , they accept that because the rest of the time they come out ahead . 
  that 's true for france and luxembourg alike . 
  as to the solution to this problem , it is simple and harsh . 
  we need to limit the rights granted to entities with only legal personhood i.e. 
  companies and the like . 
  so that they ca n't claim ownership or profit then disappear in a web of financial vodoo . 
  for some classes of property , particularly those that exist wholly on paper like ip we should do something similar . 
  if the rich mainly use them to avoid taxes , then it 's hardly in society 's joint interest to extend such privilidged property rights . 
  they too will have to shrink or go completely . 
  i wonder how many luxembourgers think they benefit from the current policies . 
  we do have to ask if the viennese school of thought really was the most persuasive in the century of keynes . 
  because i 'm not convinced it did , this article inflates the viennese importance . 
  on that same note we can look at demagoguery . 
  it is mentioned in 1895 , but would only rip vienna apart twenty years in the world war and its consequences . 
  the strength of a political institutions is tested to the extreme in such a war , even more so if it is lost . 
  the eu probably would n't survive that either , we should n't mourn that fact and the unfair world . 
  we should accept this and work towards a limited eu that only takes on the responsibilities it can fulfill better than the member states . 
  that is ultimately also the answer to anti eu demagogues . 
  when they are few they leave the eu and we charge for every benefit they want to maintain . 
  when they are many the eu dies , that will be sad , but what is the alternative ? 
  an institution that lives on when most citizens demand otherwise , that is n't democratic . 
  the people will have to have their way , even if we do n't understand why . 
  a listen ? 
  that thing is hours long . 
  let 's hope this was n't the reprisal hack for the thing with the american election . 
  edit i was awake for five minutes when i wrote this . 
  you guys need to chill out . 
   that is why opposition now is in the processes of consolidation because they lost by being divided . 
  yes and then what ? 
  pis has years until there will be elections . 
  if the opposition will stay united then they will have to bridge so many differences that they can hardly govern . 
  i doubt they agree on much more than that pis needs to be stopped . 
  that wo n't lead to good politics either . 
  as long as the people of poland think that pis is acceptable , they will not be governed by a liberal social democracy . 
  the longer they think that way , the harder they will have to work before they can have a liberal democracy again . 
  there is very little other nations , not even the eu should do about that . 
  the polish people will ultimately live in the country that they build , that is their right , they fought and bled for that . 
  it would be a lot better if the polish people united , instead of the leadership of their political opposition . 
  if a little security theater can help people feel at home in their city , then what 's the harm ? 
  i bet those police forces feel better about doing something that almost helps , than they would about doing nothing at all . 
  but the guy was suspected of having killed something like a dozen people in berlin . 
  why would n't he be as dangerous as any gangster ? 
   the german interior ministry seem to be seeing they do not have final confirmation that it is amri [ from the same guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2016/dec/23/berlin-market-attack-suspect-anis-amri-killed-in-milan-reports-say-live-coverage ), 
  from what i read we 're not even 100 % sure that this guy was the killer in berlin . 
  it just seemed a bit rich to say what was better , killing the man or not . 
  the police have a sometimes dangerous job and they deserve the benefit of the doubt until proven otherwise . 
  also it would be quite possible to deal with the problem legislatively . 
  just make laws that require residency for handouts . 
  that leaves medical care , i doubt many europeans would be willing to let people bleed to death on the streets because they ca n't afford healthcare , that sort of brutal individualism only happens in the usa . 
  but short of medical care we could drain most of the incentives for welfare shopping . 
  arrests are dangerous , the police should use appropriate means to handle a potentially leathal situation . 
  what can be known about the ties between old prussia and the grand duchy ? 
  in face of the situation in poland and hungary , i suspect that the eu inflated it 's own importance . 
  as soon as the people decided they wanted illiberal cleptocrats , they got them . 
  i wanted to discuss that a little . 
  why can romania invent an agency that seems intent to root out corruption , even if they have to arrest every romanian politician ? 
  why are poland and hungary like they are ? 
  the difference is not the eu , all are member states . 
  why ca n't the ukrainian government stop being corrupt even while they 're fighting a war ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  the eu helped as well , or at least she says she did . 
  being an institution and all , it makes sense that the eu could . 
  while all elites wanted to rob their country , in the lands influenced by the eu there was more institutional power hitting the breaks on that . 
  the american elections could only be swayed by little events like the hack , or that letter the fbi released a week before the election day , because they were really close . 
  a couple hundred thousand votes in a few states made the difference , while over a hundred million people voted . 
  that leads me to suspect that the primary system failed . 
  two of the most unpopular presidential candidates ran against each other . 
  now the winner looks weaker than bush jr did . 
  that is not good . 
  it would probably still be a good to generate some blowback in russia . 
  it would n't do to accuse russia of this and then do nothing . 
  the dutch state maintains a level of flood security . 
  1 in 200 means that a storm that would flood this area is expected once every 200 years . 
  this is particularly interesting in low lying areas because the water will stay there . 
  in the sense that they have to fix the dikes and the pumps , then pump a lot , before people can go back . 
  in the most urbanized areas the goal is that security level goes all the way up one storm in 5000 years . 
  complete security is impossible so this is the level of security we agreed to pay for . 
  if your country is above sea level flooding is much less of a problem , because the water will eventually flow away , after the floods are over .
