  we will only eat all halal to the exact extent that none of the people with other religious orientations care . 
  i know more than a few people who have the idea that halal slaughter practices are unnecessarily cruel , they refuse to eat halal meat . 
  that kind of attitude should block this development for some markets . 
  like many people of many nations , i do n't support everything my government does all the time . 
   all together across the eu as a whole we lose out because of that . 
  i know i added that tag . 
  unlike you , so i 'll go ahead and guess you 're british . 
  i read that piece from the finnish thinktank . 
  their idea was basically to do it in secret , because that would be cheaper than imposing capital controls . 
  that and their refusal to estimate the costs because of uncertainty made the whole idea sound incredibly dicey . 
  i think it 's better to make the euro work , than it would be to find a way out of it . 
  are you sure there is an orderly fashion to disband the euro ? 
  if it is done openly then people across the euro zone will move their euros from countries with a weak future currency , to countries like germany with a stable currency . 
  the only way around that problem is to spring the change on people by surprise , or make it illegal to move capital across borders before hand . 
  these two only move the problem around . 
  some people will know about the plans and act , only the poor and the unsophisticated will get caught like that . 
  but you like corporate tax avoidance schemes . 
  when each member state setsa ddifferent corporate tax rate , then big companies move their profits around so they can put them on the books in the country where they pay the least tax . 
  they openly admit that , starbucks people said that they owed it to their shareholders to do this . 
  all that different corporate tax rates achieve is that some countries lower their corporate tax rate so they can attract more corporate tax avoiders . 
  all together across the eu as a whole we lose out because of that . 
  what 's the german embassy supposed to do about this mess ? 
  do you know the fate of german , french , or dutch roma ? 
  were they too killed in the destruction camps ? 
  is that why we have so few roma ? 
  prague used to have a big jewish community . 
  there is little sign of that left and even fewer of the people who made up that community . 
  it 's way more modern then to call them the austrian netherlands . 
  i like the idea that a sixth of all israelis is kgb . 
  makes the whole country sound like a secret plan . 
  how about austrian netherlands ? 
  but it is irrelevant to the problem . 
  whether they are racist crimes because of brexit or not , they are still racist crimes and by that fact alone they should be stopped . 
  i do n't even see how the counter measures differ . 
  just remove the brexit part . 
  you do n't even know if the people committing the crimes voted . 
  call it a rise in british hate crimes over the last year , or something like that . 
  well at least we now know that brusselsjournal.com is full of drivel . 
  that 's my first comparison too , but these days it 's common knowledge that more votes equals more democracy . 
  it 's only a matter of time until someone creates a mandatory referendum for all trade accords . 
  libertum veto is here to stay . 
  the man is called sch\u00e4uble if you ca n't make the \u00e4 , then write it like schaeuble . 
  what treaty mandates balance of payment ? 
  since the german banks lend so much money abroad already , would n't stricter rules make them do that even more . 
  in the sense that german money will inflate more foreign bubbles by being invested unwisely . 
  oh , alasdairgray , you handsome devil . 
  that 's not so bad is it . 
  those soldiers did what their nation asked and they got killed in action . 
  just because they followed bad politicians , that does n't make them bad people . 
  as to the links in the chain , in a certain sense yes , in a certain sense no . 
  if you want to you can see the hungarian revolt as an event that threatened to destabilize russia by showing that people could live in liberty . 
  the same can be said about the current problems in ukraine . 
  in both cases the rulers in the kremlin decided to put the revolt down with violent means . 
  pay walled :'( i ca n't even guess what it is by the title . 
  that the euro sucks ? 
  that refugees are a burden ? 
  that xenophobic political parties wo n't go away just because they look like nazis ? 
  that the russians wo n't stop making aggressive moves no matter how nice germans are to them ? 
  that they need to make more german babies , or slowly disappear as a nation ? 
  is suspect a fair share of all nationalities on / r/europe are americans with roots according to their flag . 
  success has many fathers and failure is a russian . 
  so esa is at 0 : 1,5, 
  are you sure the walloon leader wants that ? 
  because i have n't heard him say it . 
  the washington post says this is about the dairy industry . 
  the belgians did use the word agricultural policy . 
  i do n't like isds either but i am far from certain that 's the issue . 
  well maybe your gran has what it takes to become a grade a hedge fund mogul . 
  i mean she sounds like a tough lady and some people do make a whole lot of money in london . 
  most do n't but a few here and there find a way to join the ranks of the world 's richest people . 
  eea membership is also inferior in most aspects compared to eu membership . 
  members get no input in the running of the eu or the single market , but since they are in the single market they must go along with the eu decisions . 
  you get some freedom back in exchange for that , mostly about fishing i believe . 
  for most nations , including many norwegian citizens , this trade off does n't make sense . 
  ft man should at least attempt to explain why eea membership would suit scotland . 
  if it does n't then i do n't see that many differences between this proposal and scotland staying in the eu . 
  if the eea is attainable , then why would n't full membership be ? 
  once the plc was a major european power in its own right . 
  i think it was a major mistake with the whole swedish dynasty on the throne who then decided to make war on sweden proper because they also wanted to rule over there . 
  it was way more important to persuade the cossacks and ukrainians to stay in the commonwealth . 
  a counter narrative to the russian idea that all othrodox christians should be under the rule of moscow would have been a good idea too , perhaps with some early version of ecumenical thought that was applied in practice across the multi-religious commonwealth . 
  instead the plc tried really hard to conquer sweden . 
  well see if we need unanimous consent from 36 national and regional parliaments , then that makes the eu hard to govern . 
  in a similar way the plc was often hard to govern because of the libertum veto . 
  while there were noblemen vetoing back then and governing coalitions of parliament are vetoing now , the situation shares some interesting characteristics . 
  why do n't you start telling me about the nature of the plc. 
  it is an arbitrary process to score likeness anyway , since you might think features are important when i do n't think so . 
  but tell me that this story about the walloons being able to veto legislation for the whole eu does n't echo that way the sjem could only work with unanimity , with every noble who got to vote being able to stop the whole thing . 
  could it perhaps be that this comment was not intended for this article ? 
  because the one i read was a think tank guy restating his plans for a new possible relationship with the eu which he and his colleagues had just invented in august . 
  you seem to be discussing the out sized importance of the uk financial sector to the economy . 
  the funny thing is that the preferred option here , the ` continental partnership ' does not exist . 
  there are seven possible categories they describe , six of them exist today . 
  while the ceta was just scuppered its contents exist since 2014 when the negotiations were closed . 
  the continental partnership was thought up by a thinktank , it is not applied to anyone . 
  do you want to guess which think tank ? 
  because it was bruegel . 
  the author of this piece was a co-author of the original publication that described their idea for a ` continental partnership . ', 
  look at the way things are going . 
  none of the problems are ever dealt with .
