  i do n't think trump will get a warmer welcome than bush jr. 
  if i were you i would practice saying sorry for your president if you live in europe . 
  the smaller your country the more the world ignores your wishes . 
  as a finn living next to mighty russia you should know that there are advantages to having big strong international organizations to fall back on . 
  and a weird alliance of uk brexiteers and pro-eu europeans are urging may to get on with it . 
  the brexit camp because they want to leave and the pro-eu people because they want to get on with it . 
  for the eu army and more recently the tax haven blacklist you can see the eu argue that the uk should stay out of it because the impact will only be felt after brexit . 
  well renzi is probably done if the referendum fails . 
  the most likely next ruling party is the one run by the clown . 
  the five star party has said they want to leave the euro and that will be a mess . 
  the value of our common currency will bounce about , italians will try to hang on to their euros because the new currency is expected to devaluate . 
  that economic bomb will do damage to all of us . 
  if the damage is too great than the eu itself comes under threat . 
  climate change is a long run feedback cycle . 
  the more co2 we add to the atmosphere now , the faster we will have to reduce our fossil fuel consumption later . 
  if trump blocks climate accords then in the future we will need stronger intervention to keep climate change within limits . 
  is that how you explain trump ? 
  we would lose a bargaining chip in the brexit negotiations , but in theory at least the eu has the far stronger position . 
  maybe we can just pass a law like this and give all britons living and working in the eu some peace of mind . 
  [ this is a better version of the same joke . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv6tgnx6jtq ) it was also broadcast earlier than colbert 's show . 
  love love peace peace . 
  i think you 'll find that most dutch jews left before the first groups of muslim immigrants arrived . 
  i would look more towards their feelings about dutch society which had failed to protect them and the kind of welcome people received when they came out of hiding , or back from the destruction camps . 
  also in the first few post war years the netherlands did n't look promising , with all the destruction from the war years . 
  well in the netherlands there are very few jews . 
  in amsterdam a city which once had a large jewish presence it 's all gone . 
  mostly because of the holocaust , but also because many of those who survived preferred to live in israel or the usa . 
  i think i have met two or three dutch people who are jewish . 
  since the collapse of the ussr and with germany 's tolerant immigration policies of the past half century , i think the odds of randomly running into a jew are greater in berlin than in amsterdam these days . 
   in europe , there would have been a barrier between us that was unbridgeable . 
  that insight is peculiar . 
  because the intermarriage of jews and protestants is not unheard of in europe either . 
  i do n't think this writer knows all that much about us . 
  even if he had wanted to describe all europeans in the diaspora and all who remained in europe , i doubt he could have . 
  as i understand the memorandum , it could have been used as a reason to intervene , if the uk or the usa had wanted to . 
  i think i read that in a piece written by some professor of international law . 
  that means that the memorandum gave the promise to leave ukraine intact and it gave the right to intervene in the ukraine crisis , after the russian invasion . 
  now i think we can all agree that things would have gotten dangerous very quickly if the usa had intervened . 
  i am curious how the russians knew that it would be alright , or if they threw the dice accepting that there was a chance of armageddon . 
  i heard something about an investigative committee that said georgia had fired the first shots in that war . 
  it was in a performance by peter hitchens , who has a very lopsided view of some issues , but i do n't think he 's often factually wrong . 
  while a coordinated invasion by the uk , usa , and russia would have been worse , the current situation is by no means a satisfactory outcome for ukraine . 
  i think that most of the people tasked with defending the country would rightly argue that there are few credible ways in which ukraine could possibly deter more russian aggression . 
  one of those few ways is undoubtedly a nuclear weapons capability . 
  if they had kept the ussr weapons , which they too paid for , then they could have rolled the dice to see if the threat of annihilation would have made the russians leave . 
  [ i know what the montenegrins would have said . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuzvwxucxbw ), 
  but russia did n't . 
  i do n't pretend to understand the finer points of international law , but i do n't believe for a moment that it was okay for russia to invade crimea with ` little green men . ', 
  then force a referendum and annex the province . 
  i do n't think the current situation in the donbass was intended to be allowed either . 
  while ukraine might be a way bigger problem if they had had those bombs during the revolution in 2014 , they would n't have been invaded like that . 
  i did . 
  if you want me to understand what it means you 're going to have to walk me through it . 
  i unlike you am not versed well in the details of international law and agreements . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  ukraine had a lot of nuclear weapons on their soil after they left the ussr . 
  they agreed to give them up , but in exchange they got the budapest memorandum . 
  in that text the uk , usa and russian federation appeared to guarantee ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  now with the annexation of crimea and the invasion of the donbass , it has become clear that the russians did n't mean it . 
  the uk and usa decided not to get involved either . 
  i wonder if the russians were sure of that , or that they gambled nobody would threaten to start world war 3 over ukraine . 
  the larger picture is though that russia has made it so that no nation in the world is going to agree to give up nuclear weapons in exchange for some promise written on paper . 
  that means north korea will stick to their bombs . 
  so will pakistan . 
  nothing is going to change that . 
  not even israel will be persuaded that they should get rid of their bomb now . 
  this is most unfortunate , because the technology to make a bomb is becoming more accessible every day and the threat of annihilation grows with every nuclear state . 
  if the kremlin had confirmed that they had tried to kill the pm , then things would have gotten interesting . 
  you even made a little hole in the pyrenees !, 
  marvelous . 
  these are the sorts of maps i like . 
  no norway , no switzerland , a hole where the balkans used to be . 
  if you 're not in the eu you 're not worth a visit . 
  i am looking forward to the maps of the future when ireland will be the only island in the north sea . 
  i do n't see how that 's tenable . 
  losing nothing but their democratic representation will not satisfy anyone in the uk . 
  even the most pro eu bremainer will want a say in eu policy . 
  we 'll have to see , but it wo n't be easy . 
  they will have to convince the whole eu to go for it , so it will be made public before any agreement is made . 
  they do n't just have to vote for it . 
  they have to create something the eu can agree to . 
  i do n't think they will . 
  no eu courts and no freedom of movement , those are seen as the core of the brexit vote . 
  by leaving the eu and giving up their right to vote in the uk make it unacceptable that they will be bound by eu law . 
  there is no way in the current eu set up that a state can stay in the single market without accepting all of those things . 
  i think soft brexit is an illusion . 
  as tusk said it . 
  there can be no brexit , or there can be a hard brexit and very little in between . 
  with this we end our conversation . 
  i would rate it : 3 out of 5 - * slightly too confrontational and impolite to be pleasant , but prompt responses all around . 
  no ideas of great value were exchanged . 
  when you listen to a liar you should be unwilling to believe him . 
  but i can see where you 're coming from . 
  as long as the uk votes do n't matter , that is fine . 
  if the uk blocks an important measure or vetoes it , then the eu will have to do a workaround as they did whent the uk blocked measures to protect the euro . 
  we are not having an argument . 
  we already agreed . 
  i chose to word it a bit more neutrally than you , but in essence we are of one mind .
