  once the cap is here , will that change ? 
  is this cap low enough to make people turn on roaming though ? 
  how about we nationalize the whole business and then give it to the eu . 
  telecoms tend towards monopoly or cartel formation , upfront capital investments for the networks are too expensive to allow for real competition , it is not profitable provide coverage in the most remote areas . 
  if instead we have an eu agency tasked with providing 99.5 % of all eu territory with basic coverage , then that would probably work better in the long run . 
  there are obvious problems with the model but better than who ? 
  because i think you will find that italy is the worst performer of all european states that have had continuous democratic government since the second world war . 
  the east has it 's heritage . 
  greece , spain and portugal had their dictators . 
  but in italy the state as it has freely been for a long time is unsatisfactory . 
  i do n't know why or how to fix it , but saying that it could be worse is not enough . 
  but do n't you think that the polish and hungarian experience show that the eu ca n't help a country even if it is a member . 
  both orban and pis are painted as undemocratic or at least illiberal . 
  you might think poland is doing fine , but the eu acts like it does see big problems . 
  yet the eu does nothing , because it can do nothing . 
  the worst possible sanction is that the eu cancels some subsidies , but even that wo n't do much . 
  the eu 's budget is tiny compared to what states have . 
  if that always worked then you could just rewrite headlines . 
  is elvis dead ? 
  will obama stop being president ? 
  will angela merkel stop having the body of a super model ? 
  i could go on a little longer , but why would i ? 
  let 's put it like that . 
  brexit is better than riots . 
  what bad thing would happen if russia were to walk away from assad ? 
  because i think they would only lose one naval base in syria and that 's it . 
  for a year or more the rebels got nothing but walkie talkies and other non lethal support . 
  during the siege of kobane for example the americans still did close to nothing . 
  only when it looked like is might overrun the kurdish region of iraq , did the usa join that war . 
  with the arming of rebels so they could fight is the whole alliance got sucked into more active opposition against assad , but we 're still not officially at war with his regime . 
  there are many people who act on faith of american backing . 
  i once met a tibetan who thought the americans would surely liberate his country from china , if only they knew about the problems . 
  i guess that comes from all those movies were the sole remaining super power saves the world . 
  i do n't think the us will put its foot down and remake syria . 
  that would be like afghanistan and iraq , again . 
  an endless obligation to make war so that there can be peace . 
  once the americans might have believed they could do that , but now everyone is convinced it 's not worth the price . 
  as long as syria is in the spiral they are russia 's plaything . 
  maybe he wants control over the situation more than he wants to win . 
  if he 's fighting this war to boost his popularity , then it might be good for putin if it goes on for as long as he wants . 
  considering that your country is not at war with assad 's government but only with is , i am afraid you 're exaggerating . 
  that 's why russian jets can support assad and nato jets can support the fight against is without major carnage . 
  the negotiating standpoint is that he needs to step down so the civil war can end . 
  he is not a credible leader of peace . 
  the best that can be said of the man is that he 's the least bad option right now . 
  i do n't think there 's any doubt about [ the fact that assad is responsible for crimes against humanity ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/04/18/bashar-al-assads-war-crimes-exposed ) ^ long ^ story . 
  with the fall of aleppo looking inevitable and regime victory becoming a real possibility , this kind of questioning is good though . 
  assad will probably be the syrian president for a while . 
  i agree that referendums are bad policy tools , but if nobody is scared , then nobody expects anything to change . 
  too many people are discontented to let things stay the same . 
  and after december fourth is over and the votes get counted the lives of italians will be just the same . 
  the referendum is interesting though . 
  i 'm not sure how i would vote . 
  maybe if there were a box that said :  i do n't know about the constitution , but please do n't destroy the euro and the eu then again the referendum is n't officially about that . 
   the fear of baltic states streams from their approach to local russian populations in last 25 years . 
  it comes from sides . 
  russia occupied those states after the second world war . 
  then they deported large parts of the local population and caused many of them to die . 
  during much of the soviet period the local people culture and nation were suppressed by the soviet government . 
  that same government encouraged ethnic russians to settle there . 
  this past still weighs on relations and neither the russian public nor the russian state are willing to deal with those crimes . 
  there can only be harmonious cohabitation if both parties are looking for that and russia is not interested . 
  compared to the conditions in much of russia and compared to the treatment baltic peoples received under russian rule , the baltic russians do n't have it so bad . 
  indeed of there were a big problem then these russians would be leaving to go back to russia where their ancestors came from . 
  they are n't , instead they are paraded around to let russia play the victim . 
  the situation in ukraine is far from easy , but it is unrealistic to blame the scale of the protests on the west . 
  when yanukovich picked russian association over ties with the eu , many ukrainians felt that this was bad for them . 
  if the west could just summon protests like that out of thin air , then there were a lot of better candidates to do them in . 
  ukraine 's resources pale in comparison to russia 's . 
  iran is of more geopolitical importance . 
  if china could be democratized by western whim then that would be so much more valuable . 
  the ties between western ukriane and russia are not so historical as you claim . 
  they only joined the ussr in the 1920s which is shorter than the balic states , or even finland . 
  if the poles could reform then so could ukraine . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a sure thing or that it will be easy , but it 's worth a try . 
  the civil war in ukraine is a direct consequence of russian involvement . 
  if there were no russian troops in the donbas and crimea , then there would n't be a war . 
  the fighting goes on because the rulers of the kremlin want it to . 
  they do n't want a full fledged invasion and occupation , but they do n't want peace either . 
  ukrainians would be in a tumultuous angry debate about the future of their nation , discontent at their politics and arguing about their relationship with russia . 
  for its own reasons the kremlin decided that there would ve war instead . 
  it 's easy to tell they 're not interested in pan russian brotherhood , because this war means most of ukraine is lost to russia for at least a generation or more . 
   most parts of their nation except for some western ukrainians are far closer to us , despite the fact that top parts of our social pyramids are in conflict now . 
  this is simply not true . 
  this war in eastern ukraine is not free and it is being fought by normal people . 
  those you call lower nodes are doing the fighting . 
  they are getting killed , their homes are being destroyed . 
  however close ukrainian and russian were once , this war now lies between you . 
  the larger social model , with power going to the top without restraint in the use of power , most of the ex soviet states inherited that . 
  these nations have reformed themselves in the context of the eu . 
  is ukraine so different ? 
  the poles were in the russian empire , as were the baltic states , and swathes of romania . 
  they are no longer governed like that . 
  while ukraine is in a closer relation to moscow than those places , ukraine has been in western states too . 
  under the habsburg empire and in the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  if all of these other states could leave behind the autocratic model , then ukraine could do so too . 
  that 's what those people were protesting at the euromaidan , that their nation too should have a shot a more balanced style of government . 
  the nation might succeed , or it might fail , but that 's for ukrainians to figure out . 
  not top nodes or russian armies . 
  well it 's no sign of barbarity if you have n't seen a movie from 1964 .
