  i think these terrorism accusations are humbug and so do you . 
  why do you bring up nihilism and the absence of certainty ? 
  i want to understand why you think that you and i disagree . 
  i 'll even restate our opinions in two points : 1 . 
  terrorism is a crime and terrorist should be persecuted . 
  there is no reason to believe these kurdish politicians are terrorists . 
  they should not be persecuted . 
  what part of that idea did n't come through ? 
  and why ? 
  go on paying and benefitting from being in the eu until your politicians figure out what they are going for after brexit . 
  then do the brexit swiftly and fairly and stop paying . 
  in the mean time they should let the eu get on with pressing business . 
  no but they should refrain from using them on issues that do n't involve them anymore . 
  using the votes in the european parliament as just another pawn in the brexit negotiations would be underhanded . 
  all that the uk could achieve is a delay until after brexit any way . 
  most of the time it wo n't come to that though . 
  the eu will just build a majority coalition among the remaining members of the eu for new policies , just as it will be after brexit . 
  indeed relying on uk support is useless in many cases because after brexit that support will be gone , but the legislative process wo n't be completed, 
  i do n't hate the uk , i see brexit as a decision . 
  it seems silly to dance about it . 
  the uk have made their choice i respect that , now we just have to find the best way we can deal with brexit . 
  until the uk leaves they have the same rights and responsibilities as all others , but that only means so much . 
  the eu is not completed , it changes and it must go on adapting to the present circumstances . 
  the uk is no longer a part of that conversation about the future of the eu because they wo n't share in that future . 
  they should get on with brexit and let the eu be free to muddle on through its many crises . 
  but not for long . 
  there is a part of the eu that mainly deals with uk issues , it will be dismantled , that is theirs . 
  there is a larger part of the eu that will go on with what it 's doing , to work for those who staid in the club , that is our eu . 
  the intent to divorce from the union is known , the lines are being drawn , it 's just wordplay to pretend otherwise . 
  i still think that the uk parliament will vote for brexit . 
  if they do n't then they 'll hold elections and get a new parliament to do it . 
  all this will do is prolong the process which is already taxing and straining our eu . 
  erdogan started by doing many things that were liberating to all turks . 
  he started peace talks with kurds and he broke the power of the army , thereby strengthening democracy . 
  in a deeply religious country made it possible for those religious people to have their faith represented in government , which is also democratic . 
  those were certain improvements . 
  later his influence changed , but you must know that better than me . 
  in any case was menderes like that too ? 
  well better than spain where the torturers and henchman of the franco regime get to live on a state pension as if they are people . 
  russia was n't going to back down just because of the netherlands saying they 're going to get involved . 
  instead of helping anyone it could just have gottena whole lot of people killed as the fighting escalated . 
  even if the ukraine had been okay with the idea of dutch soldiers coming to their country to fight russia , which a sane government might not be , than still it would have been a very dangerous reaction . 
  besides think of the referendum . 
  the dutch people voted against an association accord that was mainly intended to support to ukraine in their fight against the russians and their proxies . 
  with an attitude like that we ca n't help but assume that most of our own people do n't give a fuck . 
  odds seem pretty decent that the uk parliament will also vote for brexit . 
  brexit still means they will leave the eu . 
  interactions like these make me doubt what we are doing on this site . 
  i write :  we are just not willing to believe that erdogan has a credible suspicion or that there will be a fair trial . 
  if i really think all these people are blowing up bombs and killing state functionaries , then how can i write that sentence ? 
  where is the sense in that ? 
  what do you think half of the comment you reacted to means ? 
  i would so appreciate it if you , or one of the people who gave your comment an upvote explained to me what they think the second sentence of my comment meant . 
  i ca n't get past the impression that we are all just here talking to ourselves and no idea of value makes it from my keyboard to your mind . 
  or wonder at the information that gets lost when it travels in the other direction . 
  this is not a question of democracy , but of sovereignty . 
  the eu as a whole can be perfectly democratic when the preferences of the majority of the eu 's people override the concerns of 40 million poles . 
  i 'll agree that this article is bad , but charging the eu with being undemocratic is foolish . 
  the economist is a british magazine , it does n't even speak for the eu . 
  as to the eu and its processes , what of it . 
  if we have requirements that a nation must meet before it can join , then the nation must keep on meeting those standards as long as it is a member . 
  wayward government should n't be brought to heel , we should let them go so they can go their own way . 
  if the pis and its undermining of the rule of law is n't a problem for the poles , then fine . 
  but do n't involve us in your mess . 
  cut poland out of the next eu budget , as renzi has proposed . 
  solve the problem of integration with a mutli track eu . 
  one for a common travel area , with a common refugee policy . 
  one integrated economic union for the common currency , let the others decide if they join or not . 
  but this unity above all is not working . 
  these ties that bind they are too close . 
  poland and hungary should be freed to go their own way , so that we can leave them alone . 
  the eu can not win this fight as the economist puts it , we should n't be in a position where we have to fight it . 
  the only way this can work for all is if we find a way to disentangle the core eu and poland on more fronts . 
  look if you are in the business of blowing up bombs and killing state functionaries , then you go to jail , even if you are a parliamentarian . 
  we are just not willing to believe that erdogan has a credible suspicion or that there will be a fair trial . 
  sounds like a bet that things wo n't get any worse in russia . 
  if the central bank of russia has to guarantee such high yields , even as the american one is going for zero , then it would seem obvious that there is a considerable risk of things getting worse . 
  i mean why would the russians give something away for free ? 
  i find it harder to believe that the parts of the sahara without permanent residents are still majority muslim regions . 
  another good question is how lebanon got it 's data , because as far as i know they have n't done a census since 1932 . 
  but the soldiers and logistical personnel in syria and ukraine , those are n't all special forces are they ? 
  because that would be wasteful . 
  special forces are for jumping out of helicopters and stuff like that , not your everyday warfare on an active front . 
  one would assume that all russians have families and loved ones , even those who serve as professional soldiers . 
  if someone gets killed in action , those people will want to mourn and it is n't very nice to them if the state wo n't even officially acknowledge what is going on . 
  it 's not fair to let those families deal with this loss in isolation , just because it suits the political games the kremlin is playing . 
  wilders is being charged with inciting hatred , which is a crime many places . 
  in the usa they have legal limits on hate speech too . 
  wilders has n't been convicted yet either , the courts might decide that he had every right to hold rallies where he made people chant that they wanted to get rid of moroccans . 
  if you go back to the recording it is clear that he knew there would be legal trouble . 
  he said something along the lines , even though i 'll get into legal trouble , i 'm going to say this anyway . 
  more than five thousand private dutch individuals accused wilders of breaking the law . 
  they deserve to have a case heard . 
  this is n't the government 's doing , they is simply following the law . 
  politically it wo n't do them any good if wilders is convicted because it wo n't change minds . 
  it is just another chance for wilders to play at being a politician who cares about real issues , while those who govern have to make unpopular decisions . 
  all that is happening is that law is being followed as it is on the books . 
  the tides in the mediterranean are n't that closely tied to the influence of the north atlantic . 
  the tidal wave has to pass through the narrows at the gibraltar strait and loses most of its power there . 
  that 's why the tides in the med are [ pretty tame ] ( http://www.aviso.altimetry.fr/typo3temp/pics/afaef98d3d.gif ) .
