  you do n't like shows about the daily life in a zoo for three different zoos ? 
  it just does n't feel right . 
  how do you order something , when your counterpart does n't know what * ohne scharf * means . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's mostly the irrational fears and conspiracy theories that get you branded as far-right . 
  take the csu for example who is adressing some of the issues and concerns of nationalist-conservatives . 
  they are part of the goverment and are doing the social conservative opposition . 
  they actually have the policy that '' there should n't be any democratic party to the right of the csu '' . 
  the cdu her sister party positioned themselves somewhat in the middle even though their still mostly conservative . 
  they also have a deal that the csu only can be voted on in bayern . 
  so most voters do n't have the possibility to vote csu . 
  western civilization how we know it would n't be possible without the [ acquisition of knowledge ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hisab_al-dschabr_wa-l-muqabala?wprov=sfla1 ) in the middle east so it 's really ridiculous indeed . 
  this is victim blaming . 
  pigs should n't justify their sexy appearance . 
  the bible is essentially a dialog about religion and it 's values extending over several generations and various books and authors . 
  thats why it 's so contradictory and bible literalist are ridiculous . 
  i just wanted to disprove the notion that the bible has no foundation on which you could justify helping refugees . 
  it has . 
  it also has the opposite nonethelesss . 
  your goalpost moving is getting ridiculous . 
  i specificly told you were reagans refugee policy is far from any christian ideal . 
  the only thing you posted was one of his speeches . 
  i have a message for not everything reagan tells you is true . 
  we 're far away from the initial argument of christian values and hypocrisy in policy so i see no point in continue this conversation . 
  is that you 're justification for stating a uncomplete image about reagans immigration policy . 
  come on i 'm sure you can do better then painting the image of a refugee welcoming christian values enforcing reagan . 
  it just is n't true . 
  reagan only cared for refugees when they fled communism , which brings us back to the first point which is hypocrisy . 
  your defending someone you do n't `` like '' for someone who he is n't and that is everything but irrelevant . 
  first of the comment above is n't exactly attacking reagans first but is using the right wing admiration of reagan to attack the * current * stance of right-wingers who proclaim christain values but do n't want to take in refugees . 
  politicians like cameron or in the american case the gop candidates like cruz . 
  and like i said in the comment above it 's not about the the person of reagan but the legacy and his influence he has on current politics . 
  cue us-conservatives comparing themselfs to reagan . 
  so , what he said just is n't relevant then people who see themselves as part of his legacy are completly dismissing it . 
  also reagans words were mostly just fluff and he was a giant hypocrite himself . 
   the reagan administration regarded policy toward central american migrants as part of its overall strategy in the region . 
  congress had imposed a ban on foreign assistance to governments that committed gross violations of human rights , thus compelling the administration to deny salvadoran and guatemalan government complicity in atrocities . 
  immigration law allowed the attorney general and ins officials wide discretion regarding bond , work authorization , and conditions of detention for asylum seekers , while immigration judges received individual `` opinion letters '' from the state department regarding each asylum application . 
  thus the administration 's foreign policy strongly influenced asylum decisions for central americans . 
   ** characterizing the salvadorans and guatemalans as `` economic migrants , '' the reagan administration denied that the salvadoran and guatemalan governments had violated human rights . 
  as a result , approval rates for salvadoran and guatemalan asylum cases were under three percent in 1984 . 
  ** in the same year , the approval rate for iranians was 60 percent , 40 percent for afghans fleeing the soviet invasion , and 32 percent for poles . 
   http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/central-americans-and-asylum-policy-reagan-era but thanks for proving my point about hypocrisy . 
  where do i stick and apply stereotypes when i 'm just stating bush is essentially that a manifistation of a stereotype . 
  that does n't mean i think that that stereotype applies to any us-southener . 
  i also fail to see how that is relevant . 
    strawmen  you mean like bringing up a person who has been dead for years in an unrelated topic and making up shit about what he did to make some vague point ? 
  what has him being dead to do with his political legacy ? 
  ideas do n't die . 
  also it 's not about the person of ronald reagan but his advocacy for christian values and the hypocrisy behind it which was rightfully mocked . 
   [ how 's your overt bigotry working out for you ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4c525t/today_ireland_celebrates_100_years_since_the/d1f903o ) how is calling bush a caricature of an us-southener bigotted ? 
  you surley know what a caricature is and how it 's exxagerates stereotypes ? 
  stereotypes that [ bush ] ( https://sylverblaque.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/president-bush-wearing-cowboy-hat.jpeg%3fw%3d584 ) really adhered to . ), 
  did n't you just complain about brining up unrelated topics to make a point ? 
  he did n't say that . 
  he spoke about using christian values as a way of legitimation while ignoring big parts of these values when it 's convinient . 
  your comment history shows that you 're insuffurable prick who argues against a strawmen everytime an opinion does n't suit you . 
  no , just fuck the reagan revolution and everything it stands for . 
  just comparing mcdonalds to french wine looks like blasphemy to me . 
   `` for the lord your god is the god of gods and the lord of lords , the great , the mighty , and the awesome god who does not show partiality nor take a bribe . 
  he executes justice for the orphan and the widow , and shows his love for the alien by giving him food and clothing . 
  so show your love for the alien , for you were aliens in the land of egypt '' ( deuteronomy 10:17 -19 , nas ) . 
   `` when a stranger sojourns with you in your land , you shall not do him wrong . 
  you shall treat the stranger who sojourns with you as the native among you , and you shall love him as yourself , for you were strangers in the land of egypt : i am the lord your god '' ( leviticus 19:33 -34 , esv ) . 
   '' ` for i was hungry , and you gave me something to eat ; i was thirsty , and you gave me something to drink ; i was a stranger , and you invited me in ; naked , and you clothed me ; i was sick , and you visited me ; i was in prison , and you came to me . ', 
  then the righteous will answer him , ` lord , when did we see you hungry , and feed you , or thirsty , and give you something to drink ? 
  and when did we see you a stranger , and invite you in , or naked , and clothe you ? 
  when did we see you sick , or in prison , and come to you ? ', 
  the king will answer and say to them , ` truly i say to you , to the extent that you did it to one of these brothers of mine , even the least of them , you did it to me ' '' ( matthew 25:35 -40 , nasb ) . 
   `` then he will also say to those on his left , ` depart from me , accursed ones , into the eternal fire which has been prepared for the devil and his angels ; for i was hungry , and you gave me nothing to eat ; i was thirsty , and you gave me nothing to drink ; i was a stranger , and you did not invite me in ; naked , and you did not clothe me ; sick , and in prison , and you did not visit me . ', 
  then they themselves also will answer , ` lord , when did we see you hungry , or thirsty , or a stranger , or naked , or sick , or in prison , and did not take care of you ? ', 
  then he will answer them , ` truly i say to you , to the extent that you did not do it to one of the least of these , you did not do it to me ' '' ( matt . 
  seems pretty pro refugee to me . 
  i 've never ever seen someone advocating for safe spaces in this subreddit . 
  french guyana, 
  * welcome to the nightly news * coming to germany a study found that 82\u00a0000\u00a0000 germans did n't die today . 
  i think you need a massive gun-buy-back programm , making gun owners an offer they ca n't refuse . 
  also massive gun safety and prevention courses . 
  that would ease the symptoms of the problem a little bit but i think that the problem is actually more a cultural issue . 
  no one is going to recognize this puppet government . 
  you ca n't just outsource problems . 
  it 's also ridden wirh loopholes . 
  not only cheney but the whole enclave of neocons . 
  you do n't seem to learn from the past either . 
  never trust a country with democratic in it 's name , i tell you . 
  if it has to put an emphasis on it being democratic it 's seemingly suspicious . 
  their arms slipped . 
  living caricature of a us southener . 
  implying that fascism solves anything, 
  it says that egypt had some swine farms but orderd to slaughter all 350 000 pigs in the country after the flu . 
  jordan had 800 pigs . 
  they slaughterd half of them and the other half got deported . 
  saudi-arabia installed thermal cameras on their border to spot infiltrating pigs . 
  i guess they do n't have any pigs on their soil at all . 
  ` it 's ' status : coming home, 
   our deportation services may be shit , but our hartz iv officers are continental legends when it comes to being insufferable pricks . 
  its always amazes me how severe hartz iv is . 
  they will be up your butthole for money if you 're on hartz iv . 
  you 're essentially fully transparent to them .
