  `` he also said he was a member of hezbollah , '' a shiite group in conflict with al qaeda and the islamic state . 
  it 's apparently a fbi director who said that . 
  also hezbollah iirc . 
  which is just all kinds of weird because they 're not even sunni . 
  bisex party is fine too, 
  she was asked about it and gave her opinion , just like the bunch of other heads of states and high ranking politicians in the article . 
   the german chancellor , who described the attack on the pro-european west yorkshire mp as `` terrible '' but declined to link it directly to the referendum , called for all involved to respect the beliefs and opinions of others . 
  they invest heavily in the eu and are two of the most populous and richest states . 
  the uk could have an equally big influence for example when they pushed for the eu enlargement which germany was against . 
  germany has influence but does n't run the eu . 
  the uk could be as influential too but choses not to . 
  the us is pro eu ... 
  uefa can only act on things that happen inside the stadiums . 
  the french government is responsible for the clashes outside . 
  also the suspended disqualification is an already hard response . 
  we only conquer to fill the voids in our hearts . 
   and the d is replaced by the sound of getting strangled ? 
  this sums up the whole danish language to be honest . 
  what 's the context ? 
  overall crime has been going down iirc , so it was n't that far fetched to save up in that area . 
  burglaries have risen for the last few years . 
  it 's mostly due to gangs crossing borders after the eastern expansion of the eu . 
  wow , his last comments ...  thanks to the polish government that kept middle age muslim migrants out of the country , gays and other degenerates can freely express their sexual orientation . 
  and  poland should have never fucked with the reich . 
  they were so super confident holding germans hostage but their asses could n't cash the cheques their mouths wrote . 
  and  oh vey , all these ( ( ( coincidences ) ) ) . 
  this guy is a legit neo-nazi . 
  it 's an association of different political groups . 
  the article also primarily mentions a green mp . 
  what ? 
  the greens who are one of the biggest anti-war proponents are for the sanctions , despise putin and want to replace assad . 
  i thought the rebate was n't included on these statistics . 
  so you might have added the rebate 2 times in your calculation . 
  just wanted to clarify and the thinly veiled insults are honestly quite a usual thing when talking about gb in the eu . 
  you can make of that whateber you want . 
  this article is n't aimed at the british . 
  how would a german politics magazine even influence you . 
  it 's clearly aimed at german readers and was than translated . 
  and than germany scored their goal in the last minute to kick you out . 
  such a turn of events . 
  even one of our most serious tv-stations that normaly broadcasts parliamentary debates is discussing things like l\u00f6w 's selection and schweinsteiger 's importance to the team . 
  seems pretty weird . 
  the eea includes the very topics that spark this debate in the first place like freedom of movement . 
   it 's basically eu without any say in it at a slightly reduced cost , norway pay 107 $ per capita britain 139 . 
  britain also gets a 2/3 discount on their net payments since 1984 . 
  i mean governments and people that are actually in power . 
  jews in in the eyes of anti semites are more regarded as race then as religious body . 
  the nuremberg racial laws for example targeted mostly jews . 
  is there even anyone who wants the british to leave ? 
  rising anti-semitism and jobbik as 3rd strongest party might be a problem though . 
  what ? 
  sweden seems like one of the least corrupt countries according to that index, 
  to add to your argument the family members that will come are coming straight from the refugee camps and one of the most used arguments on this sub was that people would rather take vetted refugees from the camps . 
  the thing is that at the moment only syrians refugees that have a family member in one of the camps in jordan , lebanon or turkey could potentialy bring their family members . 
  they can only bring their children and their spouse and if they want to come they have to get an asylum permit which at the moment will take months or even years . 
  the balkan route is closed and as such is the way to germany and the point about naturalization is simply not true . 
  the laws were just passed . 
  i think you have quite a distorted view regarding our government . 
  how is hillary being president relevant to germany sending back refugees should the war end ? 
  but germany did exactly that in the 90s and it will most likely happen again . 
  in germany it 's only very weird extreme right people who use it . 
  when did the eu ever act pro-islam ? 
  where did you get that nonsense from ? 
  it would be interesting to see how the money was distributed before the eastward expansion . 
  does anybody have am statistic ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
   fa chairman , greg dyke , has tried to calm fears by calling the news `` absolute bollocks '' , whilst the vote leave campaign has blamed migration . 
   welsh fan , ed ward , is upset as he has bought a ticket for the round of 16 `` i 'm gutted , it 's the first time wales get to a major tournament and the english have found a way to ruin it . '' this passage should make clear that this article is n't serious . 
  calm down , guys !, 
  this is just bad satire . 
  i have to agree . 
  i would never learn that shit show of a complicated language with all it 's declinations ad cases if i was n't born into it . 
  also his statement is false imo . 
  sarkozy and his party never seemed to have been reluctaned to criticized the immigration and how it has been handled . 
  neither was merkel . 
  the right could and has shared their sentiment on these things and for the most part it has been conservative parties who have been in power in europe . 
   without wishing to sound ** unpleasant ** ; that would be * hilarious * well , you sure as hell sound british though . 
  why would greece accept such an idea ? 
  this brexit debate seems very londoncentric . 
  i do n't see how a brexit would help people in wales , northern ireland or parts of england like cornwall . 
  i wrote my comment to refute that it 's just a socialist fruitcake . 
  the word socialist is often throwen around to completly discredit any idea without it really having to do with socialism . 
  the ussr proclaimed that `` he who does not work shall not eat '' . 
  this would be incompatible with a basic income . 
  i know that there are certain differences , i just wanted to clarify that this is n't merely a socialist issue . 
  in fact the existing socialist states like the ussr had the maxime of `` he who does not work shall not eat '' . 
  the basic income is n't just a left idea but also liberal idea . 
  the greens and the liberal party fdp advocate for it in germany based on a model from milton friedman . 
  you know that milton friedman advocated for something pretty similiar ? 
  well we have a lot of working poor , gave temporary working agency free reign and made the overall situation for workers worse . 
  at the same time the wealth that was created did n't trickle down at all and the wages have stagnated for the longest time . 
  we also have the biggest low wage sector in europe . 
  there are definitely some downsides to the german model . 
  gauland will certainly stay . 
  h\u00f6cke another party leader has spouted race theories straight out of the 19th century and talked about 1000 years of germany and still was n't removed . 
  i think nobody talked about it , because all the negative connotations to immigrants and the problems of low income areas with a lot of immigrations are not really relevant here . 
  since boateng is the son of a white german mother , a devout christian , a popular and beneficient athlete and relatively rich . 
  so at the end of the day it all boils down to his skin color and that is just plain racism . 
  he is n't even a foreigner . 
  boateng is n't really different from other germans , especially football players though .
