  fuck them . 
  actually hitler was big on health issues , ecological affairs and animal protection . 
  neonazis in germany to this day still are . 
  even 1871 waa n't that right to be honest . 
  did n't even get a democracy out of it . 
  france and the us are also involved through logistical support . 
  jordan and libanon are actually full and i ' mean really full . 
  there is one refugee for every fourth lebanese . 
  turkey has taken in more refugees then the whole european union . 
  do n't you already have a small muslim minority ? 
  if you had laxer laws the black market would n't be such a huge problem to begin with since it would be to unprofitable . 
  fixed it . 
  i 'm a social democrat but i would it 's mostly social issues . 
  for example things like abortions , denying gay marriage or even immigration policies . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the cdu faces it 's biggest opposition from it 's bavarian sister party csu which they hold close ties with and even have a government coalition together with the social democrats . 
  horst seehofer the leader of the csu is constantly rallying against merkel and was even meeting with orban just a few days ago . 
  seehofer is very open with criticsm and opposition to her plans . 
  still her approval ratings are relatively high and people mostly support her . 
  while its government is left leaning the population as an ex-gdr state did n't have much contact with foreigners . 
  so xenophobia can still be more likely to be apparent in day to day life . 
  you guys need some serious / r/yurop, 
  can i ask you in which region that happend . 
  i think there are differences in quantitative and qualitative xenophobia from state to state . 
  i 'd say they are exactly like ukip just with a christian fundamentalist wing . 
  do know what 's better then saving money ? 
  gods love . 
  do n't do the secks kids . 
  this is sad and hilarious . 
  you are actually spot on . 
  there are tendencies of people chosing islamism as a sub-cultural rebellion . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.goethe.de/lhr/prj/daz/mag/ksz/en6880048.htm ) is an interesting article aboutit from the goethe-institute . 
  i think you 're on to something . 
  it does mean that only refugees who go through legal process come to the eu . 
  makes it easier to know who is coming and gives us better oversight . 
  the problem about saudi-arabia is that their population is even crazier then the governmement . 
  we just gave them too much power . 
  if we would break up ties , the royal family might lose their power and the real religious zealots would take over which are even crazier . 
  that 's your fault for assuming you would know more about your country then some random american . 
  the kind of * ordnung * they have , makes even germans uncomfortable . 
  im not a communist and think that it 's a failed ideology . 
  but it is dishonest to say that some of marx analysis of free market economies and their errors are relevant . 
  to dismiss these obersvations just because would be ideological illusion . 
  that 's why you have to look at it critical and single out what is wrong and why . 
  that applies for marx . 
  for the attrocities commited by the soviet union you have to look at their ideological foundation which is an interpretation of the theories of marx . 
  i think the big difference between the two is the ideological foundation . 
  while you could make a case for marx theories which are in big parts still relevant in sociology , economy and political sciences . 
  marx work in das kapital is from a scientific point valid and his observation on exploitation had a solid base . 
  some theories seem to be debunked or further developed . 
  the problem in his work lies mostly in the fact that he tried to derive a political demand and movement from it . 
  the nazis on the other hand and especially hitler where butcher from the get go . 
  if you read mein kampf it 's nothing more then absolute illogical nonsense with no factual ground . 
  you 're basically russia 's austria . 
  also mountains and stuff . 
  the swiss are more extreme to be honest . 
  that was mostly hypocritical though . 
  since at that time it was already considerd bad in the public eye to just randomly slaughter indigenious people . 
  von trotha was actually appointed for south-east africa * because * he was brutal and straight foward in his handling of colonial issues . 
  wilhelm ii and general von schlieffen also fully supported the `` race-war '' and thought that a genocide would be the only solution . 
  they only backed down after the public opinion condemnd actions undertaken . 
  wtf !? 
  op i have to seriously question your judgment and taste in women, 
  german . 
  said no one ever . 
  still better then being a mountain german or a snow german . 
  the award was already a joke when henry kissinger got it . 
  you swamp germans want to get blitzkrieged , do you ? 
  they have a jew `` socialist '' running for president . 
  everything 's possible . 
  can i interest you in a dank loan ? 
  have to cut your meme production by 25 % though . 
  but it 's not like the european governments would invest money anyway . 
  regular j\u00f6e might work though !, 
  in germany opened up chairs for islamic studies at universities for guys like him . 
  it is oberseen by state and has to adhere to the constitution . 
  they invited one liberal scholar to the science-forum at our bundestag and it looked very promising . 
  i did n't say that it 's because of national guilt that we 're acting like this . 
  but ww2 definitely shaped our political mindset . 
  national ego just is n't as strong in german discourse . 
  ( we 're a little bit hypocritical in this regard though ), 
  it is . 
  people wo n't say it , but merkels approval ratings over the last few years and the `` politikverdrossenheit '' are speaking a clear language . 
  the average german does n't want to be bothered with politics , he just want 's to have a job and someone to tell him everything is fine and germany is top . 
  it has a lot to do with the modern state of the americanism portrayed by merkel and sch\u00e4uble . 
  if we are seeing ourselves as the sidekicks of america , who have to follow through with their policies or not . 
  you could see that in the iraq war , when merkel personally apologized to bush for us not taking part . 
  it is allowed to be critical of our relations to america and calling that anti-americanism surely is n't more rational then any conspiracy theories . 
  i support more european intgration , but that also means more emancipation from america . 
  what ? 
  it 's been a political issue ever since the 40 's . 
  especially in the cdu/csu . 
  adenauer as a gaullist vs erhad as a atlantiker for example . 
  i do n't think we 'll do that to be honest . 
  that were just the usual voices blaming the minimum wage for everything bad in this country . 
  it 's the worst organized city in germany . 
  if we 'd won the war , you would be talking german right now and living in a mediocre city . 
  we implemented the minimum wage and working minister nahles is on her way to finally start doing * something * against precarious working conditions . 
  that spd-green coalition era is probably one of the most bizarre , fucked up but interesting things in our recent history . 
  it just baffles me how you can sell out pretty much all your values like that .
