  some things could be better regulated municipal or in the countries . 
  citizens primarily expected a common security and foreign policy . 
    gabriel also criticized the plan for tougher austerity measures in poorer countries . 
  the `` blind savings glut '' makes europe broken and brings high unemployment , he told the newspaper . 
  during his visit to greece a few days ago the spd leader and economy minister had called for an end to the austerity policy . 
   separation in wealthy countries such as germany and poorer ones especially in the south is poison for europe . 
  `` the one must understand that there is no place for corruption and mismanagement . 
  the others should realize that they wo n't achieve anything with icreasing pressure , '' demanded the vice-chancellor . 
   similarly to gabriel , the other leaders of the spd demanded policies for growth and jobs in europe . 
  it is a matter of organizing the markets in europe so that `` they not only create competition but also social security , '' said gabriel . 
  he called for more investments and strengthening the fight against tax evasion . 
  ep president martin schulz too called for a fairer tax system in europe . 
  `` we need to introduce the principle that the country where you make your profit , is also the country in which you pay your taxes . '', 
  the thing in eastern germany life for some after the fall got a bit worse with rampant unemployment and youth flight . 
  also a lot of the industry was sold off to westerners for peanuts . 
  also , the mistrust for america is n't something just lefties have but extreme right wingers too and there are even more problems with the extreme right there . 
  half of berlin was stuck in an open-air prison where they were drilled with anti-american propaganda for * quite * some time . 
  i may start a financial services center in my backyard . 
  what changes do i have of attracting hsbc and the like ? 
  do you think they 'll settle if i slip them a fiver ? 
  it will be glorious to see those foreign bankers fighting off the heroin addicts at the central station when they get off the trains . 
   basically you need to get the asylum and immigration policies of the 70s back . 
  asylum are temporary and immigration is limited from countries of our choosing . 
  this would ( at least for germany ) mean that we 'd have even more generous asylum and migration laws . 
  especially the laws for asylum seekers have been gruadally more restricitve for ~ 20 years now . 
  also note that the refugee crisis has been in full swing before merkel took any action with expections of around 1million refugees arriving being already made in may . 
  they would probably pay even more then before , since we have no reason anymore to give them a rebate and they would also see none of the fonds flowing back in some of their underdeveloped regions . 
   that 's right , a currency board with an inflation target is ` independent ' . 
  that does n't sound like something that is there to benefit germany and net exporters . 
  there 's also the little inconvenient fact that the rba , during the gfc , acted in our best interest . 
  thats laughable . 
  the german bundesbank and sch\u00e4uble are in a heavy disagreement with the ecb . 
  http://uk.mobile.reuters.com/article/idukkcn0x91lk http://www.politico.eu/article/behind-wolfgang-schauble-attack-on-the-ecb-mario-draghi/, 
  denmark also never complains for things that itself is responsible for like the immigration . 
  the uk pushed for the eastern enlargement and did n't use the 7 year opt-out on immigration and now their voting out because of immigration even though they brought it onto themselves . 
  dw is in fact state-owned , but they are n't part of our public broadcast . 
  the public broadcasters are the zdf and 54 regional broadcasters who at the same time make up the consortium behind the second state wide tv station ard together with dw . 
  ard 's programm is derived from the content the regional broadcaster submits . 
  no it is n't a tax . 
   a tax ( from the latin taxo ) is a financial charge or other levy imposed upon a taxpayer ( an individual or legal entity ) ** by a state or the functional equivalent of a state ** to fund various public expenditures . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax ) the fee is collected by an independent public administration that has nothing to do with the state . 
  that was purposefully set-up to ensure the independence of the media after experiences with the nazis . 
  ard is anything but state media . 
  it 's a joint consortium of regional public broadcasters which derive their funding not from taxes or government allowances but an independent broadcasting fee everyone has to pay . 
  there is a difference between publicly funded and state funded , you know . 
   after the biggest humiliation in england 's history after last friday , the english national team announced that they did n't want to rush things before their departure . 
  despite their loss against iceland the country wants to continue playing at the euros and slowly withdraw from the tournament in the coming two years . 
    the english coach showed himself to be diplomatic after their loss . 
  `` we acknowledge our exit . 
  we expect it to take place under a new head coach who will be appointed until october . 
  furthermore uefa has to await an official request according to article 50 . 
    the end result struck the british island hard and unexpected . 
  many football players feel misled : '' we did n't knew , that you 'd lose if you let the ball into the net goal '' , said star footballer wayne rooney . 
  in a petition 100.000 britons demanded a reschedulingof the match . 
    some britons however found themselves in an optimistic mood . 
  `` at first glance it looks like a big loss for england '' says right-wing populist nigel farage . 
  `` but i see a great victory for the little man over the arrogant elite . 
  we got our country back and are finally on our own . '', 
    the rating agencies however came out less optimistic . 
  moody 's striped the country of its aaa rating and downgraded it to a hahaha . 
  jesus , does this twat have a potato in his mouth ? 
  could n't understand a word . 
  he is also actively hurting his country in the process . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85563e82-8f44-11e3-be85-00144feab7de.html#axzz4crra088z  other british meps are irritated they are not supported by their ukip colleagues even when national interests are at stake . 
  one example was the non-attendance by a ukip mep at the parliament 's economic affairs committee for a vote on the financial transactions tax , a policy opposed by the party and the uk government . 
   likewise , when the economic committee moved to propose a bonus cap on fund managers , godfrey bloom , a ukip mep at the time , and his two allies in the wider efd grouping , all failed to attend . 
  the majority of six on the cap proposal was one of the tightest committee votes that year . ( ... ), 
   sharon bowles , the liberal democrat chair of the economic affairs committee , said : `` there are numerous examples of where votes that would have been good for the uk have fallen because of the absence of ukip -- or bad ones got into text instead of being killed . '', 
  was n't that mostly because of closed and semi-closed primaries where you had to register months in advance ? 
  i think he speaks more for the parliament since he is the chairman of the commitee for eu affairs . 
  why is it a disgrace ? 
  they are meeting all the time and nobody complains . 
  it 's diplomacy and they are still the most influential in the eu . 
  nah , the uk has to testify in court . 
  they also have to find 4 people having caught the eu in the act of betrayal . 
  berlin is regarded as the worst organized city in germany . 
  the city itself is n't really a good indicator for the health status of the republic . 
   something akin `` i give you tariff free 10 chickens and i accept one sheep '' i see the welsh have their hand prints all over this . 
  it 's even more laughable since they were the front runners of the eastern enlargement . 
  there 's a positive perspective to this . 
  the tories now ca n't point to the eu when they need a scapegoat to hide their own failures . 
  david cameron just wanted to score some political points . 
  now this whole thing blew up in his face . 
  this reminds me more of the aurora shooter, 
  trump has made some very contradictory statements like going into the middle east , defeat isis , take the oil and leave . 
  he also backed the lybian intervention ( even though he says he did n't , but he did ) . 
  clinton is no angel but believing trump is less hawkish seems naive . 
  he is a pathological liar and would do it if it benefitted him . 
  also his open advocation for more torture is just unforgivable . 
  i agree with you . 
  i just think people might just become a bit to apologetic . 
  we have a presidential candidate right now who want 's to double down on these horrible things and `` introduce even worse things them waterboarding '' and he does n't get questioned even close to enough for these proposals . 
  meanwhile the current president gave up closing down guantanamo because it would be to unpopular in an election year . 
  this is just worrisome . 
  hey it 's okay they just `` tortured some folks '' . 
  at the end of the day innocent people were still captured and tortured without a trial . 
  they built a fully automatic military combat robot too . 
  he is voted on by the parliament and this is pretty much in line with the voting system of almost any representative democracy . 
  from [ this ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/06/14/us/orlando-shooting.html ) article  `` first he claimed family connections to al qaeda , '' which , like the islamic state , is a sunni muslim terrorist group , james comey , the f.b.i. 
  director , said monday .
