  evangelicals are really fundamentalist christians who believe in a literal definition of the bible . 
  i think europe had that behind it . 
  it 's not only those countries the british are actually one of the worst offenders . 
  it 's just that they try to hide it through some little island-states which are de facto still under the crown . 
  eg cayman islands, 
  i think it 's inevitable that the right wing of afd will take over at the end . 
  their current chairwoman is already facing some troubles in controlling the party and giving it a somewhat moderate face . 
  they also have a sizeble evangelical wing in the party iirc . 
  the demonisation is just ridiculous . 
  they were shamed in parliament once because they dared to point out that there were literal fascist in the ukrainian government . 
  i think he meant voting wrong as in voting someone you 'll regret . 
  it 's a valid concern since the populist parties are quick to actually hurt fundamental institutions of democracy . 
  the sentence '' the farther left we go the more freedom we have '' is false though . 
  anarchists are ultra-leftists and not repressive . 
  it 's still ridiculous to compare bernie sanders to venezuela . 
  when bernie sanders is clearly a capitalist who just demands things that are common sense in europe . 
  he does n't call for the socialization of the means of production and is a clear advocat for a market economy . 
  i see it mainly as a term against conservative which in itself is n't negative . 
  it 's actually essential to conserve some values . 
  progressive would be to to change those things from which we know are n't worth conserving . 
  i concede on the first 2 wants . 
  econimic liberalism is big in the afd . 
  but not in a positive way and some things are straight up illiberal . 
  the afd wants to force unemployed to do unpaid jobs for example . 
  it 's mostly policies from the time economic professors were part of the afd . 
  those guys were n't exactly in for the little guy . 
  abortions is imo the choice of a women up to a certain point . 
  to ban it alltogether would also do n't make abortions disappear . 
  people will abort in a foreign country or illegaly at home . 
  with it being legal up to a certain point we can have better regulation and care for these women . 
  it 's not what some individuells wants . 
  it 's from their official party program . 
  in his sub-text he is clearly stating that leftist are the only source of repression and than goes on to equate bernie sanders with leaders like mao . 
  no one is defending red terror but to say leftists are a source of repression per se is bigotted . 
  they deny the climate change , want a flat tax and abolish the minimum wage , have a day homeland securities at schools , want to ban abortions , requested to register all gay people in th\u00fcringen and are advocates for abstinence . 
  hardly progressive, 
  that was the old afd back when their board mainly consisted of economics professors . 
  this part of the afd is gone . 
  he is not excusing . 
  he was simply correcting the notion that leftist are the source of repressivnes . 
  he is also misregarding basically all fascist , theocratic , illiberal regimes or monarchies . 
  it 's not the right does n't know any political suppression . 
  in fact it perfected the dehumanisation and cruelness with the nazis . 
  what he said is just stupid . 
  i only eat lobster once a week now . 
  i want to hang myself , really . 
  it 's that the reforms we put in place at the beginning of the ' 00s have completly fucked over the middle-class and hurt our domestic purchasing power . 
  we had several cuts in weathfare and made government-subsidized 1 $ - jobs a thing . 
  than since those reforms were put in place actually 4 million people dropped out of the middle-class . 
  the worst thing is that those reforms to `` create jobs '' were put in place by a social democratic-green coalition who at the same time actually lowerd the tax on top earners which put a 61bil $ hole in our household , which than again led to raising the vat . 
  the politicians who organized this then went on after their careers to work for the same corporations who profited the most from these reforms . 
  tl ; dr : social democrats and green party redistributed wealth from the bottom to the top, 
  yep , can confirm . 
  sch\u00e4uble used this string of logic against greece too . 
  he basically built his whole argument around the mentality of the `` swabian housewive '' . 
  in the long run it will it will hurt our country since we do n't invest in the necessary infrastructure and our institutions do n't have the necessary funds to run proper . 
  lmao you 're absolutly talking out of your ass . 
  this has absolutly nothing to do with the eurozone . 
  to implement a `` debt-impediment '' in our constitution was one of the most retarded things we ever did . 
  do you think there will be peace with assad in power ? 
  most of the refugees are fleeing from his attacks . 
  i do n't deny that there are a lot of jihadis fighting there , but that does n't make assad less despicable . 
  he has done seriouc crimes and the political opposition is n't going to compromise . 
  look i do n't say that i have the answers to this mess or that the jihadis are a big force , but we should n't let assad pass because he is the lesser of two evils although there are definitely connecting factors were we * can * work something out like the syrian opposition parliaments to which my comments above mostly related . 
  pls help . 
  sincerley the german middleclass, 
  i talked about the sdf . 
  there surely are and were secular democratic rebels but they did n't get enough support and assad tried everything to destroy them . 
  i 'm not talking about guys like al-nusra . 
  it 's just that we should n't fall into assads trap of `` oh guess there is no other option than me '' . 
    the turkish akp/erdogan government talking about securing its border with syria instead of invading syria is definitely progress to cherish . 
   as long as russia keeps its presence in syria and its naval facility in tartus running , turkey wo n't invade syria . 
  even though i despise erdogan with every fibre of my being , i still do n't think he 's stupid enough to drag the rest of europe into ww3 against russia . 
  he actually is pushing for it , but his generals are against it . 
  he is putting all his eggs in one basket really . 
  reminds me of / r/europe pre-06 / 2015 . 
  all will be forgiven if you annex saarland ( pls ) . 
   compared to canadian rail service , the db is excellent . 
  people would lynch you if you dared to say that in germany . 
  it 's not only our left . 
  you can see a shift to the right through out the whole of europe since the thatcher \\ reagan days . 
  the european social democrats all changed to a supply-side economy with massive redistribution from down to top . 
  what about chad ? 
  you do know that assad purposefully released a bunch of islamists and is mainly fighting against moderate rebels and destroying every civil infrastructure which is n't occupied by him . 
  it 's his strategy to have only 2 options left : him and the islamists . 
  and german, 
  this guy sold all his believes out like a whore when he was in office , but i will always thank him for [ that ] ( https://youtu.be/cpun-ym1szu ) at least . 
  bush actually ran as a moderate and made a 180 \u00b0 turn when he was in office . 
  checkmate theists !, 
  it 's not like they were suprised by obama taking them out of iraq . 
  he ran his election with aspects like these . 
  he got voted for it . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it would be catastrophic desaster for the greek people . 
  just devaluation without the right structural reforms in place is n't going to save greece , not to mention the capital flight . 
  it would come to an humanitarian crisis and irresponsible to have greek drop out . 
  actually 85 % of rape cases happen in the home of the victim . 
  in 90 % of the cases the perpetuator is some one close to the victim . 
  i think that having a debate on these issues is surely a good thing , but i think that really puts it in perspective . 
  the most important thing is to have a police force who can show presence and enforce the law and doing everything possible to help victims .
