whoops . 
  it 's not like 2 world wars and the holocaust appeard out of thin air . 
  that 's why it 's funny to see some nationalist here argue like hitler just * appeard * and hold the germans for ransom . 
  rampant anti-semitism , authoritarianism and toxic nationalism were deeply ingrained in our culture . 
  the first genocide of the 20th century was done by us too , the murder of herero and nama . 
  we have a more complicated system of checks and balanced with the ` initiativrecht ' then the us for example . 
  but the government , merkel 's administration , is clearly the executive . 
  they are even called the federal government ( bundesregierung ) to distinguish them from the legeslative branch the federal diet ( bundestag ) and council ( bundesrat ) . 
  than there is the judicial branch with the supreme court ( oberster bundesgerichtshof ) . 
  the courts and the parliament are n't part of the government . 
  the government * is * the executive . 
  no , as we have seperation of powers and checks and balances . 
  the government did n't prosecute him either and merkel is the head of the government . 
  also all spd-ministers said that they would have handled it differently . 
  she did n't prosecute him . 
  she said that she wants a court to handle the decision and agreed to revoke the law . 
  i still think her decision was wrong , but we still have to be exact when criticizing her . 
   the raised fist ( also known as the clenched fist ) is a symbol of solidarity and support . 
  [ 1 ] it is also used as a salute to express unity , strength , defiance , or resistance . 
  the salute dates back to ancient assyria as a symbol of resistance in the face of violence . 
  [ 2 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raised_fist does n't have to be part of a specific movement , but it 's also often associeted with black empowerment . 
  it 's not specifically a balck panther sign . 
  it 's a [ left wing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raised_fist ) sign standing for solidarity and support in general , which was adopted by the bpp as they 're socialist . 
  i do n't know if i would go as far as op , but if you listen to sch\u00e4ubles opinion on france at the moment you can see two things a ) a discontempt for democracy and alternative economic ideas and b ) that he really would like to gain control over france fiscal policies . 
  he wants you to implements the same reforms we had and says things like [ `` france should be happy if someone forced their parliament to enact those reforms , but that is difficult and sadly that 's democracy '' ] ( http://m.faz.net/aktuell/politik/ausland/europa/paris-empoert-sich-ueber-wolfgang-schaeuble-13544196.html ) . 
  well this is definitely a problem to migration . 
  because russia is known to take influence in other countries . 
  this is migration that is very hard to integrate . 
  the russian minister of foreign affairs even tried to agitate russian-germans here in germany . 
  yes , because the thing is for a long time we did n't even try to divide them and integrate them , because people thought they would just go back eventually and were more seen as some kind of robotic savage workforce then humans . 
  children of immigrants where deliberately kept in the same classes so that they could be `` between them '' . 
  they were put in housing blogs just for them . 
  it 's not like we actually tried to do anything about seperation . 
  we in fact encouraged it . 
  still the majority turned out all right . 
  i do n't think that estonia would do the same and if you get higher skilled workers integration is a lot easier . 
  if i understand the article right . 
  the population increase is due to immigration from within the eu . 
  the immigration priblems and i 'm talking about germany here is mostly due to immigration of low skilled workers who then lived in areas with low rent and because the seperation of societies was actually welcomed since especially the cdu never intended to integrate them up until the late 90s . 
  but with the exception of some neighbourhoods in berlin or the ruhr area the immigrants , mostly turks , integrated quite well , i would say . 
  in your case i would revkon that it 's mostly people with higher skills who can be distributed and integrate quite well . 
  the cultural differences are n't that big either compared to mena immigrants . 
  russia is edward scissorhands . 
  well , since you 're also shrinking in population getting in qualified immigrants seems to be a solution to the problems of demographic difficulties . 
  it 's also not like people can integrate into estonian culture . 
  migration has existed for most of human history and cultures are never stagnant . 
  is this good or bad ? 
  did you try putting garlic sauce on it ? 
  i 'm certain that they mean advanced refering to football tournaments . 
  the turkish population we already have here are or were guest workers that came during the 60s and 70s and stayed in germany . 
  the government stopped the hireing of low skilled workers . 
  someone who has nothing to offer but low labour wo n't get a resident permit unless he is a refugee or asylum seeker and turks are neither . 
  we already have net emmigration from turks to turkey . 
  and note that visa and actual resident permits are different . 
  not op , but that is just the money for a pass port and temporarily staying in europe . 
  to actually settle in europe is quite hard , especially if you do n't have any skills . 
  if you want to register for a blue card in germany for example you need a job offer with a wage of minimum 47k $ per year and a college degree . 
  either that or you are either a student or get asylum granted . 
  is this satire ? 
  \u00d6calan is the leader of a terrorist group which calls itself progressive but does things like drug smuggling , human trafficing , torture , forced prostitution , blackmailing protection money and yeah terrorist attacks . 
  the kurds also arent a monolith entity and especially those in the east are very conservative . 
  a lot of honour killings in germany are actually done by east anatolian kurds . 
  people should stop romanticizing and generalizing . 
  there is a good reason why the pkk is on our list of terrorist organizations . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  it 's a hoax spread by the eu and not real . 
  but the industrialisation of murder is what puts it on another scale . 
  i think that this was bait to slowly kill off net neutrality.http : / / www.bbc.com/news/technology-34649067, 
  stop , you 're hurting their feelings . 
  people who worked in germany for 5 + years are still entitled to benefits . 
  best case you can make for smaller administrative capitals you can make is bonn . 
  before the politic moved to berlin bonn was our capital with just around 200k citizens and it was one of the best decisions we could have made . 
  berlin in comparison is an ineffective and expensive administrative nightmare which was only chosen for historical and emotional reasons to symbolize a unified germany . 
  i think what you and / u/collectiveinsividual fail to mention is that , ni would n't be able to be self-sufficient and that they at the moment benefit from big agricultural subsidies and structural funds . 
  they also have would need to strike out a deal with the roi to handle the borders and keep trade going . 
  seceding would end very bad for them . 
  and if we look across to france we have the euro 2016 coming up . 
  there is a lot of bad media stories about muslims , but what have do people have against blacks ? 
  i support that . 
  stop that accession talk bullshit , just sing your heart out . 
  they already did though . 
  just last decade . 
  it ended in a endless pit of corruption , nepotism and xenophobia . 
  it does n't further any agenda , so why bother ? 
  it 's unclear if the poem is satire though . 
  the poem itself is called ` schm\u00e4hkritik ' ( vituperative criticism ) and was embedded in a broader context by b\u00f6hmermann were he talked about the difference between satire and vituperative criticism . 
  he pratically said `` what i 'm about to do is not satire '' to show the difference between the two . 
  so the poem itself without the context is just defamation and that gets overlooked . 
  a neuroscientist wrote an article about how cruz looks makes people uneasy . 
  torture literally does n't bring you any worthwhile information . 
  our perception from movies potraying it as a last step to get information out of someone is wrong . 
   as o\u2019mara emphasises , torture does not produce reliable information largely because of the severity with which it impairs the ability to think . 
  extreme pain , cold , sleep deprivation and fear of torture itself all damage memory , mood and cognition . 
  torture does not persuade people to make a reasoned decision to cooperate , but produces panic , dissociation , unconsciousness and long-term neurological damage . 
  it also produces an intense desire to keep talking to prevent further torture . 
   https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22830471-200-torture-doesnt-work-says-science-why-are-we-still-doing-it/  this distorted way of thinking became prevalent in the cia . 
  the senate report has a revealing passage saying that the statement of khalid sheikh mohammed ( `` ksm '' ) `` during his first day in cia custody included an accurate description of a pakistani/british operative , which was dismissed as having been provided during the initial ` throwaway stage ' of information collection when the cia believed detainees provided false or worthless information '' . 
  ksm was later water-boarded ( simulated drowning ) 183 times , leading him to make frequent confessions that later turned out to be false . 
  another section of the report says that `` ksm fabrications led the cia to capture and detain suspected terrorists who were later found to be innocent '' . 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/torture-it-didnt-work-then-it-doesnt-work-now-9923288.html,
