  so this only boils down to his skin color . 
  his mother is even white . 
  is he ? 
  i thought he was just a conspiracy theorist . 
  the afd has a quite reasonable left wing that are actually just very conservative and could also be in the right wing of merkels party . 
  the right wing of the afd however , who by the way get more and more powerful within the party , are quite extrem . 
  while they were more economy based , lucke still made some dubios comments and pratically invited and reached out to those people . 
  he lost the control at the end and has been back paddling ever since he left the party . 
  petry is n't a racist or xenophobe either but she still sometimes tries to adhere to them , because it brings them votes . 
  and gauland actually knows that and mentioned boateng 's religios creed in another interview where he tried to deny his own earlier comments about boateng . 
  we have a coast too , you know . 
   against ( ... ) anti-zionism, 
   leftists are known for their violence , it could be much worse ( like with pim fortuyn ) this is a dangerous generalization . 
  they actually threw a cake at a [ right winger ] ( http://bilder.bild.de/fotos/attacke-auf-afd-politikerin-beatrix-von-storch--wurde-diese-torte-mit-steuergeldern-bezahlt--51200175-44810114/bild/3.bild.jpg ) first . 
  i suppose the cake throwers were also `` anti-germans '' since they also stated the critical tone of wagenknecht against the us as one of their reasons . 
  also for those who do n't know anti-germans are a specific group of radical leftists who are against german nationalism , anti-americanism , anti-zionism , anti-imperialism and anti-capitalism . 
  they 're known for their unconditional support for israel . 
  it 's a report that shows the economic outlook of the regions in germany . 
  green ones have the most chances in being succesful while purple means that the risk of econmic neglect are higher . 
  it also shows the 10 most promising and the 10 least promising regions . 
  the us has a heavily privatized media sector and their media quality is abysmal . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  could you link me to the article where that person said that ? 
  would the support for the nazis by the people excuse their axtions ? 
  does a referendum excuse the annexation of the krim ? 
  is there such a thing as a real enemy ? 
  source ? 
  nope the reforms where necessary but the way the spd handled them the middle class was completely fucked over and the poor even more . 
  it 's just that the situation seems to be the same in france . 
  this is actually 1:1 the same thing we had in germany ten years ago . 
  these reforms always have to be done by left wingers since right wingers would probably spark a new grande terreur with the backlash they would face . 
  uhm , you 're ten years to late . 
  these things already happened here . 
  yes , but once you 're registered as christian , you have to actively opt out and i think they also charge a small fee for that . 
  yes , it did . 
  there are alternatives . 
  the fdp has a reasonable approach to migration . 
  with the afd getting stronger , merkel is actually more likely to get the re-election since the afd destroys any alternative coalition . 
  they support ethnic nationalism though . 
  h\u00f6cke , one of the party leaders talks in his speeches how there are only 60 % * real * germans and has talked about psyeudo-scietific genetic differences in the `` breeding strategies '' of africans and europeans, 
  the church can also be a place to socialize . 
  we ( germany ) even collect taxes from christians for the church . 
  so the government gets a lot of say on the christian organisations and we wo n't have the fear that they do n't go completely fundamentalist wacko . 
  there are some who propose to do it for mosques too to stop radicalisation . 
  i do n't think that it 's going to be hofer , purely because of the fact that austrians never deliver . 
  nice to know that there is an british outlet of / r/floridaman . 
  we germans have one too . 
  i think so . 
  we have a similiar tax in germany for coffee . 
  the linke was isolated for most of the time too and it did n't really help them . 
  yeah , this is what we call a total contest, 
  why do you hate us ? 
  what did germany ever do to you europe !? 
  this shit is rigged , everybody loves us !, 
  edit : we even gave you a weeaboo !, 
  whats not to like ? 
  we should have tied the last loans to esc points, 
  yes hahahah, 
  greece votes for money ? 
  pls, 
  even our vote is a meme, 
  why do you hate us ? 
  what did germany ever do to you europe !, 
  can you source me that invitation to germany or the `` party '' . 
  we did n't invite anybody . 
  we suspended dublin because the people were already there and coming and other countries could n't handle it . 
  dublin at the time already was dead . 
  i looked it up you actually [ did ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-europe-migrants-austria-hungary-idukkbn0p31zb20150623 ) , however you quickly reversed that [ decision ] ( http://ecre.org/component/content/article/70-weekly-bulletin-articles/1112-hungary-reverses-suspension-of-dublin-regulation.html ) . 
  i memorised that incorrectly or uncomplete . 
  the situation in hungary however was the reason germany suspended the dublin agreement . 
  my initial post is trying to say that it 's not germany alone that is to blame for the refugee crisis and that we did n't `` invite '' them . 
   august 19 , 2015 : the interior ministry revises this figure steeply upward , to 800,000 . 
  between may and august , the situations in syria , northern iraq and afghanistan worsen dramatically ; hundreds of boat refugees die ; greece is completely consumed with its own problems ; there 's an election campaign in turkey . 
  both countries simply wave through huge numbers of refugees . 
  less than a week later , at a meeting of representatives from the interior ministry , the federal states and the federal office for migration and refugees ( bamf ) , someone asks the question : `` what will we do with the people who come ? 
  should we send them back to hungary ? '', 
  an agreement is reached : no , we ca n't do that . 
  i 'm 100 % that you suspended dublin in june . 
  no real argument but downvoting . 
  nice . 
  we did n't bring them here . 
  the number of refugees actually stagnanted or [ decreased ] ( http://imgur.com/nla2xxh ) shortly after merkel took action . 
  it also was hungary who disobeyd dublin first . 
  in germany too . 
  but mostly on mosques . 
  / r/tablesrights, 
  you mean he has little greek people inside him ? 
  you mean tea ? 
   the increase in anti-semitic attacks in london is a badge of shame . 
  i know this is striking fear into the hearts of jewish londoners . 
  as communities minister i worked to tackle anti-semitism , including working with lord parry and the coexistence trust to promote understanding between young jewish and muslim londoners and supporting the important work of the appg on anti-semitism . 
  i 'm determined i will do so again as your mayor . 
   it 's a source of pride that communities that are often in conflict in other parts of the world live side by side in peace in london . 
  i want my election as mayor to represent that harmony -- a mayor who is muslim fighting for the interests of a large jewish community and all minority communities in london . 
  we can build stronger understanding , trust and partnership by focusing on our common interests . 
   http://jewishnews.timesofisrael.com/sadiq-khan-i-want-to-be-a-muslim-mayor-that-stands-up-for-jewish-rights/ seems to be cool with jews . 
  it 's like 4chan crafted and put up their own candidate . 
   i know that in the uk taste buds are so that `` freshness '' or `` flavour '' seem like alien concepts . 
  but it is true , there are places where fresh produce is sold , who 've not been selected purely for their ability to withstand transportation without looking like sludge . 
   now , that was a jab .
