  i think they still wo n't go by themselves though , because it would be to expenisive to pay the traffickers . 
  i think it is a big deal !, 
  it 's safe for you because you can afford to live outside these poor areas , but there are unfortunately many people , who do n't have this benefit . 
  the governmement should look to enforce it 's rules and not have little lawless places pop up . 
  how are taxes , the `` privatization of the means of production '' . 
  they do n't implement a classless society and socialism also is currency-less , so how you think taxes are socialist is beyond me . 
  than there are people like h\u00f6cke , who are just your old school , run of the mill , skull measuring racists . 
  also the afd is when it comes to economics just as neo-liberal as the old partys . 
  [ i imagine something like this . ], 
  ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-jlzxtu4-b-0/voml8-brdui/aaaaaaaaf4m/xqa_ccizppe/s1600/very%2bfunny%2bhumor%2bcartoon%2bjokes%2bon%2bsecret%2bof%2bsilence.jpg ), 
   i 'd argue that it 's saudi arabia and iran exporting extremist clerics ( sunni and shia , respectively ) who 've caused the growth of fundamentalism . 
  yep , ther was actually one special event which was the catalysing factor for the fundamentlist forcrs to get as strong as they are now . 
  this one : http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=112051155, 
  the problem with those dictators is that under their rule , the population as a whole is getting more conservative . 
  organisations like al-quadia or the muslim-brotherhood thrive under these authoritarian regimes , because they can win people over for their cause . 
  the people in the middle-east think that westerners are constantly doing them harm by installing authoritian leaders or invading them . 
  that , obviously is n't true even though we have to admit that we are meddling in their affairs and projecting our power onto them . 
  so , they turn to violent extremist as a way to win autonomy . 
  9/11 had nothing to do with afghanistan and irak . 
  smh, 
  you protestants just need to seriously calm down . 
  luther did n't die for this . 
  it 's even partly state-owned for fucks sake . 
  i do n't think that he really wants to become an eu member now and he just does n't give a fuck anymore . 
  and if were honest our governmements do n't want it too . 
  we told the turks too stick it up their butt when they tried to change , so why should they really . 
  like i said the carrot on the stick . 
  erdogan is n't fighting a civil war with the kurds . 
  actually turkey made a lot of steps forward regarding his policys with the kurds and overall democratisation in the 00s . 
  it 's just recently that he noticed the carrot on the stick and is taking a more authoritarian approach . 
  his relations with the kurds are n't as bad as the media portrays it . 
  i would say he is just very harsh on all kinds of leftist kurdish groups but welcomes the conservative ones . 
  while the versailles treaty has played a huge part in the success of the nazis , there have been other factors which also led to the rise of their ideology . 
  antisemitism , integral nationalism and militarism for example were already rampant in the wilhelminian era . 
  when i get this right , we somehow stumbeld unintenionally into a 4th reich . 
  also education . 
  the republican take on this is just ` not working ' , as in seriously retarded and contraproductive . 
  yeah , they pretty much betrayed the ottomans just to get fucked over by the brits and french . 
  ok , that sounds really hilarious . 
  silicon valley would be nice actually . 
  they can keep the rest . 
  yeah , that 's so totally made up . 
  you forgot the european ruling where claping has to be between 2 and 9 hz . 
  in fact the csu proposed to make it mandatory for everyone to speak german at home just last year . 
  no , he it 's just that he is the second most famous salafist in germany . 
  pierre vogel for example who is also a white dude did n't get arrested . 
  funny enough , his father is member of the hells angels . 
  `` if we meet our responsibilities , if we overcome this danger , we can arrive at a very different future . 
  the people of iraq can shake off their captivity . 
  they can one day join a democratic afghanistan and a democratic palestine , inspiring reforms throughout the muslim world . '', 
  bush in 2002, 
  operation ` iraqi freedom '' . 
  vardy has outgrown the eu . 
  nah , what they did was perfectly american . 
  mass shootings are as american as it can gets . 
  the usa saw more mass shootings than days this year . 
  to obey and fear god is literlally the first thing written as their `` bildungsauftrag '' in their constitution . 
  it 's even mentioned before the dignity of other human beings . 
  he actually lost the first election , but the voting-machines in florida were broken iirc . 
  also try finding some not so extrem and islamic rebels . 
  only the kurds would qualify . 
  yeah , my guess is that the population is actually more extreme than the royals . 
  only if they invest though . 
  actually the austrians are very good at twisting history and denying responsibilty when it comes to the 3 . reich . 
  but you 'll miss your chance of receiving bayernmonies from the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  leeching of the southern states is fun once you get into it . 
  sonneborn actually does a lot to point out the many flaws the eu has . 
  he does that in a satirical way , but it 's just showing how absurd the whole system is . 
  the parliament has also basically no power . 
  it sure is n't the schuhplatter . 
  you do n't have to translate the name . 
  deutsche bank is a name in itself . 
  yeah , the first genocide of the 20th century and nobody cares about it . 
  lately ? 
  being more keen to the right is a german tradition going as far back as the kaiserreich . 
  we could start paying some reperations , which we weaseld out of for half a century . 
  like seriously our governmement practically said : '' we 're paying later . '', 
  until they changed it to `` well , too late . 
  should have asked us earlier . '', 
  top notch source . 
  lads on tour . 
  the absurd thing is that nigel farage voted against it and later proclaimed that a brexit would be the only way to save the british steel industry . 
   mr farage said leaving the eu would allow britain to make energy costs more competitive and offer greater protection against china 's dumping of cheap steel on international markets . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/657124/tata-steel-crisis-nigel-farage-brexit-eu-referendum-david-cameron  nigel farage has been accused of a `` staggering level of hypocrisy '' over britain 's steel crisis after it has emerged he and other ukip meps voted against an eu move that it is claimed could have helped protect the steel industry from cheap chinese imports . 
   the ukip leader claimed this week that if voters decided to remain in europe in this summer 's referendum , it would spell the `` end of the steel industry in this country '' . 
  yeah , he did n't really seem like a responsible gun owner . 
  ali was only what he used to call himself online and his nickname if i get the news right . 
  this was just cnn trying to get as much out of it as possible . 
  while islamistic terrorism is a fairly new phenomena . 
  it 's not like we did n't struggle to [ combat terrorism ] ( https://www.privacy-handbuch.de/symbol/terror2.png ) before . 
  even more so then today . 
  it agree somewhat , but this looks more like the next round of a innerpartisan power struggle then actually trying to resolve the current situation to the best of their abilities . 
  this sounds like she 's destroying the last bit of the countries political reputation to emberass a guy with what looks to be a ferret on his head . 
  i will never understand the british . 
  i also can not believe that they used such an emberassingly simple pun in the headline . 
  actually , the other options make cameron seem quite likable . 
  something i previously thought was impossible . 
  [ julia kl\u00f6ckner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/julia_kl%c3%b6ckner?wprov=sfla1 ) head of the cdu in the state of rhineland-palatinate . 
  i watched a documentation about merkel once , where they talked with her hair stylist . 
  he said that they had to change her hair slowly over the years ( slowly so that it would n't cause a huge media echo and gossip ) , because people did n't like her old appearances where she was seen as an unlikable [ butch ] ( http://d1.stern.de/bilder/magazin/2005/25/merkel_2_250_fitwidth_489.jpg ) .
