  you will even get sanctioned if you 're just having dinner in your moms house on a consistent basis . 
  just shows how much this place is going down the drain . 
  or chad a majority laicist state with a majority muslim population . 
  they just banned the burka because they feared that boko h\u0101ram terrorists are going to hide beneath them . 
  there were a lot of jihadist who entered yugoslavia during the balkan wars . 
  saudi financed salafists . 
  they often do their missionary work in unstable countries because their a very good breeding ground for extremist ideolgies . 
  bosnia for example has the highest per capita fighters for the is now . 
  their was a guy on german tv earlier who spoke about how the work by intelligence agencies and police forces is distorted by the fact that those terrorist are a ) hard to catch because you need warrants and rights which apply to different institutions and they ca n't just exchange data that easily b ) the transnational work of those terrorist makes it impossible for a national institution to catch them because they 'll just immediately leave the country and be suspected to another national agency we 're talking about very sensible data and the lines between violation of rights and effective counter-terrorism is very blurry . 
  i 'll just say what i said in the other thread . 
  a minority of the government will secede and found the `` federal republic of germany without laws '' ( / r/deohneregeln ) a beacon of free speech which will eventually be overrun by far-right nut jobs ( probably a genocide on muslims too ) . 
  the original sub will dissolve parliament every other day and invest in infrastructure especially industry 4.0 . 
  also , daily fist fights in parliament . 
   the left-leaning political class that has run western europe since the end of the second world war are both unprepared for this and in denial about it , leaving only the right wing to address it . 
  ah , who does n't remember the deluded left-wing government of maggie thatcher . 
  at least that left-wing women has [ stood up ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jul/16/margaret-thatcher-lobbying-saudi-royals-arms-dea ) to the [ country ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/margaret-thatcher-described-as-very-oily-to-kings-after-insisting-bbc-apologise-to-saudi-arabia-over-10361983.html ) that is one of the root causes for this mess . 
  the fuck, 
  it 's a smooth back and fourth of overreactions and counter-overreactions . 
  this problem ca n't be sovled in one day . 
  i think the first step should be that we do n't allow foreign funding of religious institutions . 
  so that saudi-arabia ca n't export their hate filled version of islam into existing communities like they do all over the world . 
  honest question , what do you expect from being outside the eu ? 
  in which way does being there have a negative effect for the uk ? 
  i heard [ this ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/filepicker-images-rapgenius/woxn3qg9tkcdjqw6jf6i_gold_streets_heaven.jpg ) is how your country looks . 
  i know that norway is n't in the eu , but that map sure looks weird without them . 
  what a stupid idea . 
  we do n't even have the right paperwork for it . 
  oh , i thoght you were talking about french beer . 
  it 's not only the uniforms that make our relation with gaddafi ridiculous . 
  the guy was literlally a terrorist leader . 
  poe 's law in it 's purest form since / r/the _ donald, 
   better food and better ** beer ** for germany ? 
  what the hell is wrong with you !, 
   you do n't trust people who do n't like pizza . 
   you trust people who like pizza . 
   jihadis like pizza . 
   you trust jihadis . 
  lock him up boys . 
  gladly we do n't do collective punishment . 
  an open socirty does n't open you the door to all kinds of discrimination and occupation . 
  you did n't even come up with a real argument , you practically just linked to a page of some biased right-wing organization and called people saying israel has to face critic antisemites . 
  that 's surly a way to shut down every discussion . 
  the israeli right-wing around the likud party is destroying this open society more and more and that is something you ca n't just relativize . 
  while there definitely is a problem with anti-semitsm on the left i think that the reason why people are more outspoken about israel in general is , because it is perceived and understand itself as western democracy . 
  as such it will certainly be measured by a higher standard then other human rights abusing countries . 
  if someone wants to be taken seriously he has to project his values on himself first . 
  you wan na take saarland back by any chance ? 
  it 's your backyard brothel anyway . 
  it 's just bottled up envy . 
  just buy one with pork on it and you 'll be fine . 
  plo are n't jihadist . 
  they are nationalists first . 
  their aim is n't a transnational religious war . 
  you would n't call the eta or the ira crusaders . 
  the islamistic parts in the hizbollah became traction after the iraninan islamistic revolution . 
  they were n't as affiliated with the shiit jihadism beforehand . 
  build a wall around it and make turkey pay for it , duh !, 
  i think it 's not that clear cut . 
  gitmo for example is a huge propaganda tool for jihadists . 
  it 's just hypocritical if we give up human rights . 
  if europe wants to be taken seriously it should adhere to its values . 
  i watched an interview with assad once and even he tried to justified his crimes with guantanamo . 
  putting someone on death row is even more expensive . 
  also , revenge is n't compatible with our justice system and our moral claim . 
  yes , that is true . 
  i think the austrian government has just too much fear over pressure from the fp\u00d6 to care for greece at this moment . 
  it 's not just our problem . 
  the refugee crisis did n't start with us and it was hungary who suspended dublin way before us . 
  it 's a myth that merkel invited everybody . 
  the people were already there for months and after the catastrophic events in the summer where even david cameron after seeing the picture of alan kurdi admitted that the uk should take in more refugees . 
  merkel always said that we have to reduce the influence the amount of refugees through securing our outter borders but that she wo n't accept to close the inner borders . 
  if we would close our borders we would a ) fuck over our economy big time and b ) let smaller countries like greece and hungary who ca n't handle the influx go under . 
  austria kinda fucks over greece though . 
  when mossadegh nationalized the oil industry in 53 and when they toppled our puppet government in 79 , i guess . 
  nah , those are n't populists . 
  they are straight up fascist . 
  he probably would be prosecuted by now . 
  how about ` based finns ', 
  csu , ump , the tories etc. 
  are right wing and are n't called populist . 
  a party like die linke are called populist and they are as leftist as big political parties in germany can be . 
  poland and the uk too . 
  is n't social security pension funds ? 
  considering that they have worked in the netherlands for quite some time and probably paid in the fund themselves . 
  is n't it legitimate to get something out when they retire ? 
  the political forces behind the big driving forces behind the terrorist organizations rose to power in the 80s . 
  withe the [ siege of mecca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_mosque_seizure?wprov=sfla1 ) being the catalysing event . 
  terrorism is mostly a war strategy relying on fear and mass media to struck down the core institutions of your enemy and as such it is very much a product of the 20th century and a way to fight asymetric wars . 
  we do n't often discuss these things , but the reislamisation of the middle-eastern communities was an event that kicked in the 70s after most of the pan-arabic and secularist movements mostly failed . 
  saudi-arabia too . 
  does n't really suprise me since islamic terrorism is actually a phenomena of the modern age . 
  it 's roughly about 30 years old . 
  yep , there is no excuse for such behaviour . 
  isis runs a highly effective media and propaganda apparatus and has clear political motivations which helped it establishing a de facto state with a running bureaucracy . 
  not to mention that their military leaders are former saddam generals . 
  to think that they are just some uneducated fucks living in caves would be dangerous . 
  e : a word, 
  isis still hates you though . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/content/dam/images/1/8/c/u/t/d/image.related.stufflandscapesixteenbynine.620x349.18csj0.png/1448604156358.jpg ), 
  the harsher us system does n't lead to fewer people being incacerated though .
