  the last country we gave money to has seen 25 % of it 's gdp deminished . 
  we 're the edward scissorhands of countries . 
  trying to love , but only hurting those close to us . 
  it 's like a leprechaun . 
  but when it comes to political attitude the british are far closer to the germans and frensh then for example the polish or the hungarians . 
  the legend says that to this day she still did n't get her money back . 
  that 's actually hilarious, 
  why ? 
  i agree it 's very complicated . 
  there are many factors at play . 
  even a quota system like australia would be problematic since a brain drain in 3rd world-countrys would just produce more poverty-refugees . 
  automatisation is going to make those jobs disappear . 
  i think the actual casualties from people doing mass shootings at schools of just not being responsible with their guns would outweigh the victims of terrorism . 
  it reeks of classicism and cultural pessimism . 
  kurds are n't a homogenous group . 
  turkey is for example actually arming the northern iraqi peshmerga and training them . 
  the whole region is just a giant big clusterfuck where the enemy of your enemy is your enemy and cows learn to fly . 
  yes , tsipras basically always speculated on a yes in that referendum . 
  i think varoufakis term of ` fiscal waterboarding ' is fairly accurate . 
  also with devaluation alone the greeks would be in trouble very fast again . 
  they definitely need structural reforms and leaving the euro would have unknown consequences for all the other euro-states, 
  it has made it so that greece is owing money to us instead of our banks . 
  we basically bailed our own banks out without having to tell the public that we did . 
  not if your some mayor in fuckknowshausen . 
  do n't underestimate grumpy old people . 
   ca n't he just say '' yes i watch porn , literally everyone with a pc does ''  instead of using bullshit excuses . 
  the sad thing is people probably would have said that he needs to step down , if that was the case . 
  this is especially true for older voters . 
  not questioning , but denial . 
  honestly , people who deny the holocaust deserve to go to jail . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it 's a human right and as such non-negotiable . 
  i 'm always appalled how fast you guys are to struck down basic rights . 
  the relocation to berlin was extremly expensive and was n't even done completly . 
  six ministries are to this day still in bonn and the communication and collaboration between them is extremly expensive . 
  bonn as an administrative heart of he democratic post-1945 germany would have been the better choice . 
  ah , i see what you mean and agree . 
  the unification was definitly rushed and a big clusterfuck . 
  alone the decision to move to berlin and such things were pretty stupid . 
  i also agree with your point that merkel image in the media is heavily distorted since she actually brought forth the hardest regulations in our asylum system we ever had . 
  i think you 're downplaying the role of kohl a bit . 
  i think the opposition and especially the spd at that time were not that commited to reunification , but a democratic reform of the gdr . 
  if kohl would n't have lied to us with his `` bl\u00fchende landschaften '' we probably would n't have tried absorb the gdr with all it 's economic problems which did hurt us in the following years . 
  it was nevertheless the right thing to do , but could have been handled significantly better . 
  edited, 
   small countries promote this because they are afraid that these multinationals will ignore their countries entirely and do all of their business in germany/france/uk ( since those are the larger , richer countries ) unless they have something to offer the multis that they ca n't get in the larger countries . 
  so they offer lower taxes . 
  so that something goes into the dutch government coffers rather than nothing going into dutch coffers , and much more goes into the government coffers of f/d/uk . 
  thats just a shit excuse especially the dutch economy is diversified enough . 
  also we have redistribution of eu funds to keep the union economically together . 
  they are basically fucking over the rest of the union -, 
  what the fuck have tax loopholes to do with public ownership of the means of production ? 
  but there will be mor automatisation . 
  robots and shit . 
  the problem is going to be the companies not passing down the wealth . 
   then , in a couple of years , once russia grows again ( which it will , given its current third world economy ) , putin can present himself as the alternative to the shameful western system and everyone will have forgotten that russia was doing even worse than us all these years we focused on our own problems . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the only way for russia now is downwards . 
  they did n't do enough to diversify their economy and are grasping the last straws . 
  they wo n't grow again and their internal conflicts will tear them apart . 
  how are you going to control such a huge multicultural country with different seperatist tendencies when your economy is going down the drain . 
  potatoes are a social construct too . 
   i admit that the analysis i have read have been written by europeists/eu federalists , but i think it 's clear that the uk will have an special status into the eu . 
  i actually think it would be the best for the european integration if the uk just leaves . 
  it does n't want a closer union and that ist ok . 
  still having them in the eu is as i think counter-productive . 
  ah the old irish company : \u00fall . 
   and how does this affect the industry ? 
  well , [ here 's what a normal country 's exports look like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/2012_united_kingdom_products_export_treemap.png ) . 
  now [ here 's ireland 's . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/ireland_export_treemap.jpg ) [ yo , check this out . 
  normal countries got an economy like this . 
  but ireland has an economy like this . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/l104lviqeiw ), 
  alone the fact that finnland is bordering russia and although there not in the nato still a stretigic ally to western countries . 
  the last time merkel was in the restaurant my friend is a waiter in . 
  there were like 10 black cars full of security guys in there parked in front . 
  also some guys with assault rifles standig in the restaurant . 
  these things , you often do n't see on tv but i guess nearly every state leader is highly protected . 
  better be safe then sorry . 
  it 's not a new thing . 
  in germany it probably had more to do with the fact , that we put a stop to the family reunions . 
  so most of the time men would take on the travel and in germany through the family reunion program bring their families from syria . 
  no i do n't think that she shaped the public opinion . 
  if you can remember the picture of the dead aylan kurdi , that was a big deal . 
  even cameron said that it affected him . 
  every newspaper , be it a tabloid or a public news outlet was very sympathetic towards refugees . 
  merkel than simply said that she wo n't be sending syrians back and got cheered on for that . 
  in the next few weeks though she went in to harshen the asylum rules while still being seen as that humanist leader . 
  it just means state subsidized 1 $ jobs were a thing . 
  also working from 1 year contract to 1 year contract . 
  nothing to like about that . 
  it 's an euphimism . 
  aww , that 's [ cute ] ( https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-7d7c42b4bc81ac4324c432f34659f858?convert_to_webp=true ) . 
  or libanon are n't 1/3 of their inhabitants refugees now ? 
  that 's pretty much because at the begining of the 00s we flexibilized our employment laws . 
  so our wages are compared to economic output very low . 
  so some things are very cheap since it 's not that expensive to produce in germany . 
  there is a housing shortage in pretty much all of the richer eu countrys . 
  in germany the state would subsidize the 230 up to 450 $ .
