  just look at the rising [ rates ] ( http://libertyblitzkrieg.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/screen-shot-2015-02-12-at-3.05.01-pm.jpg ) in the last few years . 
  yo even trying to legit steal s\u00fcdtirol through name confusion ? 
  was n't the eurovision participation enough ? 
  is n't that just revanchism ? 
  your prison system and also the [ rates ] ( http://libertyblitzkrieg.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/screen-shot-2015-02-12-at-3.05.01-pm.jpg ) at which you lock up people seems really fucked . 
  even if you just count the [ death casualties ] ( https://www.privacy-handbuch.de/symbol/terror2.png ) of terrorism in europe , we still live in one of the most peace full times we ever had . 
  from what i know there seems to be an exception if you inherited both of your citizenship from your parents . 
  would n't want to risk that bmw party donation to the cdu . 
  sarah palin thought africa was a single country . 
  his harvard degree did n't keep him from being a climate change denier , crusader and saying bat shit insane things on a daily basis . 
  it could also be him pandering , but that would make him even more morally bankrupt then he already is . 
  what did they expect ? 
  destroying documents to save your ass is german national sport . 
   also have a minor chance of acquiring german citizenship . . so i can gain the benefits of brexit and those of a private citizen in the eu mwhahahahahaha we do n't do dual citizenship m8, 
  with payments of 9bil $ and further accession talks ? 
  shit , did i subscribe to russian facts again ? 
  please , cancel . 
  probably , but i know for sure that we have brooms though . 
  it 's 10 % of people who would vote for the afd when you look at the federal numbers . 
  they are stronger in ex-gdr states but overall the afd just is n't as important as you say . 
  by that notion merkel would have to pander to the greens who are more liberal on migration issues because they have been far more successful then the afd . 
  if you call angela merkel a dictator than you honestly have absolutly no clue how a real dictatorship looks like . 
  merkel already has altered her course somewhat and given us one of the harshest asylum laws we ever had . 
  she wants to reduce the migration numbers but does n't want to close the inner eu borders as that kill schengen on which germany relies economicly . 
  additional info # 2 : most people still like merkel and her approval ratings before the crisis were putin-esque . 
  so even if they have taken a hit lately , other state leaders like hollande would kill for that kind of popularity . 
  fite us in real lyf, 
  the uk was just as involved in propping up the iraq war and poland was more then willing to partake . 
  you still sent the first and only black mp to the bundestag , so you got that going for you , i guess . 
  -  not wanting more bureaucracy are you even german ? 
  he is basically green , male merkel . 
  the first comparison is hilarious . 
  i 'm definitly going to steal that . 
  yeah , i do n't really have anything against it . 
  it 's just that teh party seemingly seems to cater to people , who are well-off and can afford that kind of thinking . 
  their seems to be a rift between old school hippies and the new generation hipsters . 
  so i think that at the end poorer people will see themselves neglected by a pragmatist green party . 
  you could see that when they were in the government 15 years ago . 
  one of the first demands of the greens were to lower the tax rates for higher incomes . 
  their political programm is just to far to the right of the german societal consensus . 
  a party which advocates for climate change denial , lower taxes for the rich , lessenng the nazi-topics in the history curriculum , fighting against `` gender craze '' , stricter conrol on media and having a day of homeland security in school just ca n't be taken seriously . 
  i would even say that most people voting for them do n't even know what this party really stands for . 
  the greens in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg are more like the left wing of the right-wing cdu . 
  pragmatists painted in green . 
  national socialist coalition it is ... eh wait !, 
  when there is one thing i 've learned over the last few years than it 's definitly how i should n't take our laws defending the basic human rights for granted . 
  it seems that so many people are open to right out discrimination and inflicting on the rights of others without even realizing it . 
  it 's seemingly depressing . 
  oh , i also actually sent the wrong video and it was n't even from the heute show , but another german comedy show called extra 3 . 
  nonetheless it should still be quite understandable . 
  i think martin sonneborn is the best thing we got when it comes to good heart felt political comedy . 
  it even got him into the european parliament with his own party . 
  he also was at the heute show as a correspondant and had some very good sketches . 
  i do n't like the show at all , but their take one salafism taking over was quite hilarious . 
  i think it 's going to be green-black . 
  the cdu would be stupid to admit defeat before the vote , so they say that they would rule out that coalition . 
  in the end they 're still going to aline themselves the greens . 
  still , the cdu lost one of their conservative strongholds to the greens . 
  the spd would be really retarded to accept that coalition and probably also fuck over the greens , who are at this point their biggest allies . 
  she has basically ostracized every political opponent within her party over the last decades organizing a core of loyal cronies . 
  the cdu does n't have anyone who could step up and go against merkel . 
  you say that , but just wait until the cdu with comrade merkel will socialize the means of production . 
  there is literlally no one to take over from merkel , one of the only viable successeur is currently losing the state election after having had a 10 point lead . 
  it 's not that the afd has had that big of an impact in the western states , but that the cdus own incompetence led to them bleeding voters left and right . 
  i 'm they have basically lost baden-w\u00fcrttemberg to the greens , who will have like 36 % of the votes . 
  not if the winner is basically splitting the party in half with his persona . 
  you 'd think the establishment would have already aligned with him by now , but their still desperatly trying to struck him down . 
   it does n't , but it does have an unnamed god ( who appears in the ** basic law ** ) . 
  normal countries just call it constitution , i learned . 
  i for one hope that trump wins , just to see the republican party be in shambles afterwards . 
  those guys seriously need a reality check . 
  dude , arab armies were and are consistently shit . 
  there basically giant glorified welfare programs at this point . 
  they sure can do * something * , but are in no way , shape or form comparable to a real army . 
  mountain germans . 
  i do n't want to offend you , but you have absolutly no clue what you 're talking about . 
  pretty much everything you said is extremly false . 
  rip in peace state subsidized 1 $ jobs . 
  it seems awesome at first sight but when you compare that with the [ big-mac-index ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iyywg9uwe5c/t5lunqfcini/aaaaaaaabu4/mxggp88vi98/s1600/big-mac-index.gif ) , everything is so expensive that it evens out at the end . 
  they are actually net-emigrating out of germany . 
  it 's actually bad for us since we 're losing skilled work force, 
  she lost a lot of ground to the spd in the last few weeks andit seems that it 's going to be a head-to-head race . 
  it would be absolutly catastrophic for her after she had a 10 point lead over the spd . 
  still i think that she will be merkels successor one day . 
  know they are n't . 
  there fiscally conservative and extremly conservative on social issues too . 
  atleast turkey is n't opening media outlets in other countries to spout propaganda there . 
  that 's what people have problems with . 
  you 're meddeling with the inner politics of other countries . 
  atleast the turks keep there bullshit to themselves . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is intelligence as in intelligence agencies . 
  the institutions who are responsible for gathering information and spying . 
  toppeling saddam was n't actually the main problem . 
  it 's the debaathification of the government . 
  in a country were your only shot on success in higher positions is to join the big party you ca n't just expel everyone affiliated with that party from public office . 
  we did n't even do that with the nazis . 
  so the former generals and elites teamed up with islamist after the new government turned to surpress the sunni minority . 
  i think you seriously overestimate middle eastern armies . 
  they are effectively just giant welfare programs . 
  hippos are violent thugs .
