  one of the main discussion in germany in the 2nd part of 20th century was : `` how did we allow to let auschwitz happen ? '', 
  this pretty much pulled our whole political discours somewhat to the right and was a huge struggle . 
  ( not hard to imagine when your political landscape in the 50s and 60s is literlally consisiting of nazis ) so , in west every bit of nationalism was for a long time looked down on . 
  to be cosmopolitian is very much part of the german mindset . 
  the east obviously has had a very different history and that is also why we have more nationalistic movements there . 
  but german politicians and especially angela merkel have this weird way of depolticizing every issue . 
  just listen to merkels speeches . 
  after 3 sentences you 'll be caught in this limbo where everything is fine and political arguing does n't exist . 
  like roger willemsen once said : '' if merkel 's jacket would caught fire she would resolutly reject the flames . 
  steinmeier is doing a terrific job as minister of foreign affairs . 
  seriously , he is like the showpiece diplomat . 
  i do n't know too tbh . 
  isis passport ? 
  we did n't declare the borders wide open . 
  we simply said that we wo n't send syrians back , so that we could lift some pressure from greece . 
  you know that the camps are underfunded and a lot of syrian refugees are living on the streets in turkey . 
  i think you have a very simple image of humans . 
  i 'm just ^ ^ probably saving your life . 
  and nation egos brought us 2 devastating wars . 
  the thing about values is that you do n't just drop them when it gets a little uncomfortable . 
  people were already going to greece long before germany proclaimed that they would n't send syrians back . 
  so , what do we do if the asylum seekers do n't stop to come ? 
  schengen was n't killed by her . 
  she is literlally doing the opposite . 
  countries insisting on totally shuting up the boarder are killing schengen . 
  as of now her policies were buying greece a lot of time since without it , it would come to an humanitarian crisis . 
  contraty to popular believe on here the crisis did n't start when she made that anouncement in september . 
  it already went in for a long time and greece was already severly suffering from it . 
   i think that the problem is that after wwi europe lost the willingness to fight and became a bunch of pacifist wussies . 
  this is hilariously false . 
  european countries were involved in 3-4 wars in the last 20 years alone . 
  i think she wants to be seen as merkel , the humanitarian leader in the history books . 
  i heard the women like it . 
  probably have to castrate you too , just to be sure . 
  that is literlally the first time , that she is standing up for an oppinion and is really commited to her vision . 
  i never saw that from her ... ever !, 
  also ruined cum boxes for me . 
  some african countries have bureaucracy for absolutly no fucking reason . 
  it 's just ineffective absurd self preservation out of kafkas worst nightmare . 
  i think our countries should marry honestly . 
  we 're not accepting all kinds of refugees . 
  our legislation is n't the problem . 
  north africans for example have 0 chance of getting asylum . 
  it 's our bureaucracy and the logistical and political difficulties tied to deportation that is the problem . 
  say what you will , but it wo n't be more disgusting then what we already put in our wurst . 
  i 'm talking of the right of asylum . 
  in the polish death camps . 
  it 's actually just a very loud minority who does n't like merkel . 
  she is still one of the most popular politicians in the country . 
  the asylum centers are kept together by a lot of unsalaried workers . 
  the media also is n't as homogenous as you think since there are a lot of critical aeticles in outlets like faz or the springer media esp . 
  35 % of the voters would still vote for merkels party and the afd only has like 10 % . 
  we should stay realistic . 
  the german public is n't as riled up as some people make you believe . 
  that would really just radicalize the conflict . 
  very bad idea indeed . 
  we do n't want to lead europe . 
  but people somehow expect us to , just to complain about us power grabing afterwards . 
  when you 're in doubt , blame germany . 
  democracy does n't mean dictatorship of the majority . 
  this ballot-paper-fetishism in this sub is ridiculous . 
  you ca n't decide everything by popular vote and call it democracy . 
  a democracy is more then just the will of the majority and is uphold by basic rights and principles . 
  the weird ones and while you 're at it call france they can have the saarland back too . 
  they would n't even have to do anything as half of france is in the saarland visiting the brothels anyway . 
  do you mean our saxons ? 
  you can have them if you want . 
  i beg you . 
  what do you mean * `` you people '' * ? 
  in 90s we had a lot of refugees in the country and they practically did go all back . 
  we also forced a considerable lot of them out after the war ended . 
  i think it will be the same this time . 
  the ameircans do that too . 
  i thinks it 's an anglosaxon thing . 
  ironicly mitterrand also proposed that germany would take part in the euro as he thought that that would somewhat hold the unified germany back . 
  fast forward the euro actually benefitted germany by a lot . 
  or not to fucking spy on it 's own people for the us . 
  they sadly do n't produce the 160gb ipod anymore . 
  hitler is also a bit of a little whiny bitch . 
   erdocunt are you a 4 year old ? 
  complete dehumanisation . 
  if the uk decides to leave , it will probably have extremly negative effects for the tories , because shifting the blame to the eu wo n't work anymore and people are going to turn on them . 
  blaming eu technocrats is a very important part of their rhetoric . 
  he is just strawmaning . 
  this is some 4th grade shit . 
  if i could get 80bil $ in subsidies , i would be euphoric too . 
  why are you doing this to yourself ? 
  i respect your patience and self-control . 
  right-wing does n't necassarily equate to free market . 
  hitler is right winger through and through . 
  hitler is definitely far right and does n't even come close to socialsm . 
  our last chancellor who completly destroyed our social democratic working party is so deep in putins pocket it 's ridiculous . 
  it did n't even took one month after his reign to take over a job at gazprom . 
  that 's pretty much one of the biggest reason why we 're doing this because our industry does n't give a shit about our neighbours and values profits more then anything else . 
  the lgbt thing they legitimitly proposed through parliament . 
  they got ridiculed though . 
  the far right would be the h\u00f6cke-wing . 
  h\u00f6cke is basically a textbook rassenkunde-guy . 
  he once talked about how african genes are responsible for them having more children . 
  ( the whole argument was extremly unscientific with a lot of talking about reproduction strategies ) even his party condemnd him for that , but he seems to be one of their most popular leaders among their base .
