  but cost of living is obviously much higher . 
  the minimum wage is 8,50 $ per hour . 
  hopefully snowden will get it . 
  that would be a huge middle finger to all the intelligence agency and the us politicians , who are treating him like a criminal . 
  wow , you 're not even allowed to work for that little money in germany . 
  how is that compared to cost of living ? 
   it 's really not . 
  the actions of isis have very real footing in islamic scripture . 
  it 's the ` moderate ' muslims who do all sorts of mental gymnastics to convince themselves that chopping people 's heads off in the quran does n't really mean chopping people 's heads off . 
  not that modern christians do n't do the same thing of course . 
  you will find the same verses in the bible and even if you say the old testament is n't viable for christians because of jesus , it still wo n't excuse judaism which is still bound to it . 
  in the old testament god is basically saying to the people of israel to kill all the other tribes in the region . 
  in the old testament god was called `` lord of war '' . 
  such theological aspects were brought fourth to discriminate against jews in europe pre 1945 . 
  it 's just ridiculous do describe only one religion as inherintly violent when they have so much in common . 
  isis has a lot of inconsistencies in ther theological background . 
  religion is made by people and can be formed to anything . 
  by that standards the catholic church is merely an altered christian sect and only the amish are real christians . 
  you 're position is basically that of the is who also thinks that everyone who does n't follow them is n't a real muslim . 
  i always find the dichotomy of it hilarious . 
  jews are essentially ' * inferior * ' while at the same time ruling the world . 
  a big problem is also the anti-semite propaganda by arab leaders , who try to divert their internal problems to israel . 
  it 's a big propaganda tool and wo n't stop anytime soon . 
  these leaders are also doing nothing to resolve the palestinian-israeli conflict . 
  for example most of them do n't even give state hood to palestinians keeping them in camps , because they know them suffering is keeping the conflict alive . 
  isaf promised to make the country safe and to help build it up . 
  they failed and it 's a seriously unsafe country . 
  we love you people , we just hate your government and evangelicals . 
  to have a better military then us is nothing to be proud of . 
  it 's like saying you can better read then a first grader . 
   while the arab world ( lebanon exempted ) has barely cared about them except for propaganda purposes . 
  yes , yes , yes !, 
  the palestinians are mostly alone in this . 
  the other arab states are using the conflict for their intern politic propaganda and would lose a great propaganda tool if this conflict would be resolved . 
  egypt has a border with gaza , but they are totally shuting that border down . 
  at least the israelis are letting * some * food and water supply through their border . 
  the saudis and qatar ? 
  some small donations here and there . 
  well , stability would only hurt hamas political power at this point . 
  extrimist groups thrive in such conditions . 
  you will never have any constructive negotions with them . 
  they cost of living in these areas is cheap and you will be more likely to find low-skilled jobs in these areas . 
  was n't their some right-wing `` gun-activist '' who walked around an airport with a gun strapped around his chest just to prove a point ? 
  actually there are buddhist terrorist monks killing muslims . 
  they live in myanmar though . 
  terrorist attacks are n't about the casualties but the psychological effect , trying to hurt and provoke the political institutions . 
  absolute safety is an illusion and giving up more and more rights to the state is n't going to make them disapear, 
  well partly because of the war in drugs and handing that market to criminals, 
  the funny thing is radical islamists are far right-wingers too . 
  it 's mostly an anti-imperialist counter-culture . 
  they take every value the west tries to represent and practice the complet opposite of it . 
  it 's mostly a reaction to the feeling of losing autnomy and being overwhelmd by progress . 
  they basically say , `` those people are bad and we have to behave completly diffrent to be good . '', 
  islamic terrorism was n't a thing up until 1979 . 
  their are surely really violent passages in the koran , but similiar passages are in the bible and the tanach too . 
  europe through it 's history was very intolerant of other religions and even in the 50s protestants and catholics in germany did n't get along as well es everybody thinks today . 
  to intermerry was frowned upon . 
  all the enlightment in the world did n't stip europe from starting 2 world wars and colonozing the whole world . 
  their are at the moment very strong anti-liberal and and intolerant movements in the muslim world , but that is no wonder with the saudis becoming this powerful . 
  we should really stop the cultural chauvinism and connect the dots behind why we 're facing these problems today . 
  um , i think poland is dependent on others especially when it comes to russian agression and micro agression and distancing itself from russia . 
  we germans kind of fuck you over but you 're also have huge economic opportunities with being in the eu ( also as the biggest net receiver ) . 
  the problems between our countries is that we do n't understand each other and our intention . 
  we germans do n't have a grasp of how aggressive and expansionist russia is . 
  you do n't understand why we see it as a moral obligation to help refugees . 
  since the contrubuting money goes to regions and not the countrys as a whole , it is just extremly impressive how strong your north . 
  i think east germany is also a net receiver , so we should n't be too smug about the whole thing . 
  did n't they implement that in the first asylum package ? 
  socks and sandals , man !, 
  more mexicans are leaving the us than immigranting . 
  is that why you have universal background checks on gun sellings ... oh, 
  there is a way to deescalate a situation without killing someone . 
  if your not able to do something like this you shoud n't be a cop . 
  that the guy could still be police men after getting offset and clearly not belonging in this job is just another indicator for your shit police . 
  and yes it is easy for me to blame them and they deserve every bit of blame for their incompetence and manslaughter . 
  the us is really go blame for that with their war in drugs and all . 
  they have made a black market with huge demand and high risk to reward ratio . 
  combine that with latin american poverty and the implications are just bad . 
  he way 12 and got shot by a guy who was offset because he could n't handle guns and was immature . 
  the police knew it was a kid and the officer shot him within 2 seconds of storming out of the car . 
  the arrested his sister who tried to look after him after seeing him on the ground . 
  did n't even get charged . 
  that is some serious incompetence . 
  that 's why we 're changing away from money to non-cash benifits even though it 's more expenisive to do so . 
  `` uncooperative '' with the police . 
  maybe because the police can basically do everything they like without any consequences . 
  your drug policy is suicidal ( as is ours ) . 
  and what has multiculturalism to do with this . 
  the blame here lies with the state who is n't able to enforce it 's rule . 
  yeah , because your police has no fucking accountability whatsoever . 
  the case of tamir rice comes to my mind . 
  not as long as your in the euro with us . 
  us being in the euro seriously damages your economies , because we are extremly productive and have compared to our wealth relatively low wages . 
  so to compete with us you 'd have to have cheaper production costs than us but that is n't really possible , because a ) we live under our means , because we keep our wages low and b ) you ca n't devalue your currency . 
  so the only possible solutions are to get out of the euro or to cut spending enormously . 
  that 's what we are currently doing to you and i do n't like it at all . 
  that is a pretty dumb statement , pal . 
  if they bring their families with them , the family still can claim asylum . 
  it just means that the german state is not making an effort to bring the family here via plane . 
  it would n't be illegal to take the family with them on the trip .
