  thanks !, 
  i voted for cyprus because every cypriot i 've met is a pretty solid dude or dudette , 
  10/10 would recommend ^ ( i live on one of the medium turds ), 
  can you say that the public services in ~ ~ germany ~ ~ belgium are of equal value with those in greece ? 
  would you change places with me since we both pay the same percentage ? 
  - i have n't been taught wrong . 
  it 's common knowledge that citizens pay taxes to receive public services of equally justifiable value . 
  maybe you have n't been taught this fundamental concept at all ? 
  - governments since the arrival of the troika are completely irrelevant . 
  they just do what they 're told and even that fails miserably . 
  - there are no islands with no vat in greece . 
  if the comparison bothers you so much , by all means ignore the uk column in that image . 
  do you still think that the 42 % of the earnings go to taxes is viable ? 
  slovenia and romania and other countries may or may not have the same percentage , that does n't mean it 's fair for anyone . 
  i have been taught that when one pays taxes expects to receive a somewhat equal value from them coming from the government and i can safely say that absolutely no person in greece can say that they are happy with the value they receive from what they 're paying . 
  lastly , be my guest and find or create a scenario comparing those other countries with greece . 
  i would be * very glad * to see one myself . 
  ** edit ** : would somebody please be so kind to explain why this comment received so many downvotes ? 
  do we just downvote anything we disagree with ? 
  i thought voting was referred to how relevant is the comment ... 
  point taken but you are describing a scenario where vat exemption is on the table . 
  in this case it is n't and i know because i 'm self-employed myself . 
  to be more precise , vat exemption is a bit of unicorn in greece ( at least for self-employed people ), 
  i understand your sentiment . 
  nevertheless it is an actual scenario among many in this daedalic tax system . 
  technically it still has n't done anything . 
  this too is still on the talks on top of many many many other things ... 
  for what it 's worth , we have n't had a government that would serve the interest of its people since 2005 . 
  from then until now we are governed basically by the troika and the mess we are in is largely their fault now after 10 years of recession . 
  what are you talking about man ? 
  good for the danes !, 
  last time we did a referendum more than 70 % voted for no and the government took it as a yes . 
  the logistics alone for processing every tourist here is an incredible cost . 
  let alone that the tourists themselves wo n't want to get into such a trouble in the first place . 
  there 's a fine line between optimism and stupidity . 
  numbers do n't lie my friend . 
  they outnumber us almost 10 to 1 . 
  i guess the dutch should know a lot about constructions in the sea ... you 're welcome guys to come and build it for us !, 
  is n't that the goddamn truth ... 
  the reason we do n't escalate is because we would be obliterated in every kind of way if we fought turkey . 
  as i was a soldier too i know that all the news about turkish war ships roaming in the aegean are bullshit . 
  yes , they roam but they roam in international waters and they always claim safe passage . 
  there are national waters even inside the aegean archipelago . 
  do n't you know ? 
  greece and turkey are basically a bunch of cave-people running around with horses , bows and arrows !, 
  that 'll be a big-ass fence since most of our borders are sea :p, 
  only the extremists and they are basically in every corner of the planet . 
  like cockroaches . 
  you have yours and we have ours . 
  or you can fuck off , 
  can you share a source for that 9b $ claim ? 
  i believe those airspace violations have become some kind of a practice run after all these years . 
  they happen almost daily and they have been happening for as long as i can remember . 
  also the greek and turkish pilots have come to know each other . 
  that 's a smoke-screen law . 
  it 's been proven many times that those `` hooligans '' disrupt otherwise peaceful protests are masked policemen wanting to cause a riot for the riot police to break the protest . 
  where do they violate turkish airspace in this image ? 
  we do n't need any jihadis in greece . 
  we can handle our own bombings just fine !, 
  joke aside , this was nothing more than a form of protest by a bunch of people from the far-left side . 
  these people tend to warn the press of such bombings some time beforehand so noone dies and they get the press they want . 
  boats are being sent back if they are still floating . 
  but they are not . 
  meanwhile , cyprus has half of the island occupied by turks but noone gives a shit . 
  the solution can be found in the middle but who cares about the middle , right ? 
  middle is boring !, 
  weaponry shipments can go so wrong ... why does noone learn lessons from history ? 
  [ highly relevant !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8lvfpp52kk ), 
  when the elders ' only expense is food because they live under the same roof with the rest of the family then i guess they help by contributing whichever small income they have . 
  black labor or parents pensions/wages, 
  greece going down the drain ... 
  i laughed at the marauding orcs bit :p, 
  that 's troika legislature my friend . 
  the greek government just accepted it as it should because fuck solidarity . 
  can we please retire that pigs acronym ? 
  [ noooooooooooooooo !!!!, 
  ] ( http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/ ), 
  literally . 
  my hair is fine and growing beautifully thank you very much !, 
  i would n't bet on that horse ... 
  ~ ~ what 's what ~ ~ ^ he ^ corrected ^ it, 
  it is a common known `` secret '' that when ocallan went to the greek embassy in nairobi , he would be handed over to the turks with the cooperation under the table from the greek government . 
   mr pangalos , they said , had telephoned the kurdish leader when he was in kenya to offer him a choice . 
  either he could hop on an aircraft and leave kenya forthwith , perhaps for the netherlands ; or he could expect to be picked up by kenyan commandos . 
  the implication was that mr pangalos knew that various hostile security services were on to mr ocalan , yet he did little -- to put it mildly -- to help him . 
  from [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/186922 ), 
  remind everyone here where abdullah ocalan is now and how he got there , 
  with the recent tech boom in ireland , dublin is slowly turning into a silicon valley . 
  this means that people not working in tech wo n't be able to withstand the cost of living . 
  i must be living under a rock because i ca n't understand more than half of these ... 
  let 's do this !, 
  it seems that you 're in for a wild ride !, 
  does anyone know of the credibility of this journalist ? 
  if what he says is true then ... wow !, 
  agreed . 
  we did n't even follow the presumed directive of the majority . 
  which was pretty much grexit . 
  amen, 
  the press really seems to be trying to make foreigners dislike russia ... ) : ftfy,
