  my counterargument was based on who had a telling for which would be the most `` suitable '' replacement for papandreou . 
  the total net situation is full of people like me, 
  i 'm quoting a greek extract from an article saying that barroso suggested to the opposition leaders back then to replace papandreou with papademas . 
  i could n't find an english article citing this , if someone does then feel free to comment . 
  and the link is http://www.kathimerini.gr/766734/article/epikairothta/politikh/financial-times-to-paraskhnio-toy-dhmoyhfismatos-kai-twn-kannwn edit : i found the link thanks to / u/nargaul http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f6f4d6b4-ca2e-11e3-ac05-00144feabdc0.html  mr barroso summoned his cabinet and other commission staff to his suite at the art deco hotel majestic barri\u00e8re to plot strategy . 
  he decided he would not tell mr sarkozy or ms merkel of the conversation but according to people in the room , they began discussing names of possible technocrats to take over from mr papandreou in a national unity government . 
  the first person to come to mr barroso 's lips was lucas papademos , the greek economist who had left his post as vice-president of the ecb a year earlier . 
  within a week , mr papademos would have the job . 
  so we have n't been suffering any consequences the past 7 years ? 
  i must be in the wrong country ... 
  you mean when he proposed the referendum and was immediately replaced for it the next day by a banker ? 
  if that 's not european intervention in a country 's politics , i do n't know what is . 
  belligerent bum ? 
  easy on the characterizations there fella ... this is not the best way to get your point across . 
  despite your bigotry i will once more remind you that most of the loan money , if not all , are towards the banks in which the crediting nations have interest . 
  and i as a working greek citizen i 'm paying to repay those loans with exorbitant taxes . 
  do you think i like this ? 
  do you think i deserve this ? 
  let 's not hurry and put the blame on the common people , shall we ? 
  i agree 100 % . 
  this is the only way to see things as objectively as possible . 
  since syriza is in all of your bullets i must add that syriza came to power only a few months back and this problem persists since 2008 . 
  also your last paragraph is bullshit , 
  to add some perspective to this article , its writer is a member of the opposition in greece so it 's only natural that he would be against syriza and the ruling parties before them . 
  also i do n't understand the purpose of the blame game . 
  is there a narrative within this story that says if any of the negotiating parties says `` sorry i 'm to blame i 'll suck it up '' then that 's that end of story ? 
  we are talking about a whole country here with 11 million people who are paying for this mess since 2008 and still are with what 's left . 
  i 'm pretty sure that shows how greece has sucked it up all these years and keeps on paying with no end . 
  varoufakis hinted that he was recording some of those meetings and everyone and their mothers tried to condemn him to hell for that . 
  i still ca n't understand why those meetings are n't public and have to be held behind closed doors . 
  i mean , we are talking about peoples lives here , are n't we ? 
  wait till we go back to the drachma !, 
  we will even beat the prices of turkey !, 
  nice !, 
  how do you remember your username ?? 
  sometimes things are not so simple my friend . 
  certainly when human lives are at stake . 
  we can thank [ this moron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_papandreou ) for that !, 
  back when he was competing for prime minister he in fact promised that there were money to be found and secretly he was in talks with [ this moron ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dominique_strauss-kahn ) to get the imf involved . 
  i 'd like a source for that . 
  if that 's true and not idiotic journalistic sensationalism then the imf is literally hitler . 
  well the imf did just admit that trickle-down economics is bullshit and to rejuvenate an economy efficiently is to give money starting from the bottom and not from the top . 
  yet they still insist on imposing measures which do just the opposite . 
  wages have nothing to do with it . 
  it 's the high taxes and the great instability in the tax system that forces any investment out of greece . 
  in the form of a mercy kill !, 
  the funny thing is that they have n't introduced any measures that low-middle-income families would benefit from . 
  i believe the left-right distinction is dead and we are all blinded by it . 
  although of course there are extremes but luckily they are n't in power . 
  if not for bild then what else is there to read while shitting ? 
  i understand fellow germans reading it still . 
  we have privatized a lot too . 
  i 'm not so sure if there 's anything left unprivatized or unhired indefinitely anymore . 
  i 'm not sure that it 's easier for syriza to choose default . 
  the majority of the greek people do not want the default and syriza did promise that we would n't default . 
  i 'm sorry that i do n't have sources . 
  i know i 've read in the previous days about a survey and such for this matter and the results were as i described them . 
  it 's true . 
  this is n't a union after all . 
  it 's a bank versus client predicament . 
  but ... but ... we love drama !, 
  we will certainly suffer more if we default . 
  the question is for how long in relation to the ultra austerity that 's to come if we do n't default . 
  you did it once with the imf , you can do it again !, 
  go turkey !, 
  the scare tactics have a negative effect for both sides though . 
  does n't the possible grexit hurt the euro currency too in general ? 
  edit : [ it appears it does n't ... huh ... ] ( http://www.x-rates.com/graph/?from=eur&amp;to=usd&amp;amount=1 ), 
  i guess then you guys can come and conquer us again freely . 
  what 's a few more years of slavery after 400 years already  ^ ( i 'm kidding , put down your pitchforks ), 
  more united than ever ? 
  an eu state defaulting because of the united currency shows fear of stability and not unity . 
  if nothing else it clearly shows that a state does n't have the weapons to manage their own economies and they are 100 % dependent on others . 
  we really are on the spotlight once more . 
  i wish that we defaulted already and see what happens next . 
  there clearly is n't a solution to this whole mess other than defaulting and dealing with it . 
  point me to one european border country who does that . 
  i know greece at least does n't . 
  also spare me the personal ironical characterizations . 
  you know nothing of me and i know nothing of you . 
   to state the obvious , which seems however to be lost on the leaders of the eurozone , once the euro is not forever for any member , it is not forever for all members . 
   and once that clonking penny drops for global investors , the notion that the whole project will fall apart - not tomorrow , but one day - will increasingly become the default view . 
  that 's what everyone is afraid about since 2008 . 
  there 's no passionate principle behind the eurozone !, 
  everyone and their mothers got in it because they were convinced initially that they would all benefit from it . 
  well newsflash , you ca n't have benefit without someone else 's loss and worst case senario that benefit never lasts and it 's you who sinks at the end . 
  this is the eurozone now . 
  well maybe he means that we should let them die . 
  after all israel knows a lot about death ... 
  i do not blame him for not wanting to see more people in the streets searching the garbage for food . 
  we have enough of those already and it is heartbreaking . 
  noone is talking about being rich . 
  having something to eat everyday between being rich is a really really long distance . 
  it is like that . 
  you are right , consider me fooled by varoufakis himself because of his last tweet today https://twitter.com/yanisvaroufakis/status/609271478845067264, 
  but it 's far easier to just name him a coward hiding behind a dress !, 
  yeah the colors chosen are n't really web safe . 
  i have the same problem . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  * grabs popcorn *,
