  topotami is a party of the opposition . 
  it would be stupid of them to have such intel and keep it secret . 
  whatever crap they can think of to terrorize the people and overturn the government , they 'll say it . 
  that 's why we must go back to the lazycoin and enjoy our lazy ways . 
  life with less money is simpler :p, 
  internet banking works with no limits btw . 
  only for domestic transfers though . 
  she/he quoted me wrongly and , judging by its content , probably deliberately . 
  i do n't mind her/his opinion ... 
  i guess that fits too . 
  although i meant what / u/annoyed _ freelancer said . 
  we 'll pull through as always . 
  greece has suffered greatly through the times . 
  it wo n't be the first nor the last one for sure . 
  are you retarded ? 
  common people carry on with their lives like before . 
  it 's not like we have any substantial amount of money left in the bank . 
  afaik , this is the first day of the rest of our lives . 
  regarding the demonstrations , we have n't had a violent demonstration for quite a while . 
  people are tired ... 
  i like the fact that you chose to ignore the deaths of people not barely being able to sustain themselves with the vat as it is . 
  who cares about some deaths of old people from hunger when there 's a chance for a greater future ? 
  right ? 
  you showed your true colors mate . 
  you keep talking about money and i 'll keep talking about human lives . 
  at least i 'll sleep better at night . 
  with less money if you like !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_islands_of_sweden vs https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_islands_of_greece also i live on an island of greece and you can not compare the infrastructures between your country and mine . 
  the difference of vat is greatly justified or else people would die not having enough money to buy the absolute necessary . 
  there 's no other country in the eu which has so many islands such as greece . 
  do n't expect people to understand the situation which is living on an island and what extra costs come with it . 
  talk about democracy in europe ... 
  it is unheard of a eurogroup with a member banned from it . 
  is this legal ? 
  let 's not base our decision to this proposal only . 
  with the possible yes in the referendum , we give the power to the government to negotiate with the same manner all the other proposals to come after this one too . 
  bunch of spammers i tell ya !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that the article means the banks as the financial sector . 
  banks have indeed caused this mess and people have indeed been paying for their greediness . 
  what you are saying though is not against to what i am saying . 
  i did n't include socialism in my original comment but that does n't mean that socialism is without corruption , 
  do you mean that the us regulated their bank mess and is now in a good position , or the opposite ? 
  i 'd say the opposite . 
  as usual, 
  the sad thing is that capitalism without corruption has never existed in the human history . 
  i agree that banks are the greedy bastards here but since money rules the world , banks will continue to rule the world with all their `` unruliness '' . 
  sorry but i do not share the same opinion as you . 
  i always point out the blame where blame is due . 
  if you believe that greece 's financial problems have n't been solved yet solely because of greece 's government actions then you are gravely misinformed . 
  i would n't be so sure that readers of this sub are with greece . 
  to be honest , i would safely say the opposite . . edit : i failed to detect the sarcasm :(, 
  speculators trying for some easy cash grab . 
  unstable situations such as this are their wet dream . 
  actually it is & euro ; 683,76 according to [ eurostat ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=earn_mw_cur&amp;lang=en ) although what is not included in this chart is that this minimum wage is for married people above 25 years old . 
  that 's the `` maximum '' minimum wage if you 'd like . 
  short-term memory  long-term memory, 
  i have a feeling that the sequel will be portuguese ... 
  you 're reading what you want to read . 
  i did n't say anywhere that i downvoted him . 
  he is being downvoted generally throughout his all comment history . 
  well if your bank was on the brink of collapse , would you keep your money there still ? 
  i can guess that the answer is no . 
  then why on earth is the greek worker 's fault for withdrawing what 's left of his savings account ? 
  we are talking about a default here !, 
  complete disaster !, 
  every cent counts towards survival in these situations !, 
  of course people would want to withdraw or transfer their money !, 
  this is common sense and i should n't have been made to explain this ... 
  dude where on earth are you reading the things you 're saying ? 
  do not confuse a country 's fiscal actions with a corporation 's !, 
  also what federal crime ? 
  what federation ? 
  what ?? 
  oh i 'm sorry for stealing my money away from the banks !, 
  i must be so cunning to manage and steal all these money . 
  after all i 'm greek and you said greek people , 
  what 's funnier is that he gets called on his sensationalism all the time and downvoted as well but he persists !, 
  wow that 's fascism to the maximum degree, 
  greece faces the same problem every day . 
  on the island where i live now , we had 8.900 immigrants only this year . 
  i 'm not against those people because they are running for their lives but what can we do about them ? 
  we have a big mess in our hands already ... edit : greece gets people from syria , iran , iraq and generally from is countries where people die every day because of religious nuts . 
  also i see them every day . 
  right in front of me . 
  if you have n't seen them arriving with destroyed boats to your shores with their babies at hand then you can shove your self-righteousness up your asses . 
  no thanks i 'm fine with 1 !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  france lost in waterloo . 
  are they saying that if britain exists the euro then they ( the french ) will lose again ? 
  is there a paywall for telegraph ? 
  because i see it just fine . 
  the biggest mistake was not letting the banks fail ... 
  although it is true that at the time it seemed like a good idea to save them . 
  if i had 1bn $ lying around i would be mayor of new fuckin york . 
  that 's the goddamn truth ... 
  this has no basis at all . 
  any source ? 
  * no tips here !, 
  move along !, 
  you had no question to begin with .
