  there is no threat in regards to the uk hence the reason there is n't a `` uk lobby . '', 
  if the uk was in a similar situation there not only would be such a lobby , the reaction would be much more forceful . 
  the us has a large jewish population , but the jewish influence pales in comparison to the fact that we are an anglosphere country . 
  if you read all these comments it 's as if the us demanded an ultimatum and threatened consequences for non-compliance . 
  i honestly do n't see how this is different from the queen or obama giving a carefully worded suggestion that things would be better off if scotland stayed in the uk back in 2014 . 
  politicians are going to be asked about the uk/eu and any other response including `` no comment '' people would find a way to be even more offended by it than this response . 
   i ca n't think of any recent events where the us has done anything to help british interests that it would n't have done itself anyway . 
  did n't the us offer the british an aircraft carrier during the falklands war as well as missiles and submarine detectors ? 
  it seems like a blatant attempt to misrepresent by using counties vs region as the comparison . 
  some counties have like 10 million , others are in the double digits . 
  it seems totally ridiculous to me personally to move the benchmark that low because like any country , you are going to find some poor communities in the most isolated/rural areas . 
  with something like 3,100 + counties obviously you will find some outliers . 
  is n't the uk more a `` nation of nations '' that makes that so complex ? 
  but either way the point still stands , i would expect italy , spain , france etc. 
  to have regional governments . 
  please tell me your definition of `` region '' is on par with the size/population of a typical us county . 
  i 'm curious though , how does the wealth gap between the highest and lowest states of the us & eu compare ? 
  i once got fucked over by being told that i had to go to a second location that was a `` short walk '' of `` only '' ten blocks . 
  i was n't familar with the area and started walking only to realize that each `` block '' was a quarter to a half mile and that location was literally a different name because it was so far away . 
  yeah, 
   but spent a third of my life in s.america ( born there ) , a third in the u.s ( h.s / college and work ) , and now here i am in europe ( family and work ) . 
  lol you just keep leaving me with more questions than answers . 
   and one that i will never give up regardless of the tax implications did n't the us recently change its tax code making it really expensive for people in your situation to keep us citizenship ? 
  so how did you end up with the rutgers/swiss combination ? 
   what brings you over to this sub ? 
  i 'm a very news literate person . 
  the best way to understand the events in your country is to look at how they are covered outside your country . 
  i followed all the major english speaking european news sources until a couple years ago . 
  they all started going to shit and started redirecting me to `` americanized '' versions which defeated the whole purpose of my even being there . 
  so this became an alternative for me . 
   pray for noon/3 :30 games and generally miss all the high profiles games ( 8 p.m , primetime , superbowls , national titles ) . 
  it sucks , but i 'll try to catch the replays or catch up on the game threads . 
  i 'm assuming you have to stream all these games ? 
   i live in switzerland ... well til . 
  how do you manage to catch the games over there . 
  wait ... you post here ? 
  that and title ix, 
  last i heard women accounted for roughly 60 % of the medals in 2012 and 66 % in 2016 . 
  http://i.imgur.com/khnlqj3.jpg but in all seriousness the only time i ever hear people say we won that war is when they argue communism never spread to south korea , japan , etc. 
  or the `` we did n't give full effort '' talking points . 
   the us secretary of state abandoned negotiations with argentina and told reagan to give full support to the british , yet the us could n't intervene militarily due to support for the anti-soviet regime in argentina . 
  you offered us a spare carrier with a skeleton crew in case one of ours was sunk , and you gave us new missiles for the harriers , but the task force was still left on the backfoot . 
  that was n't what i was asking though . 
  did the us at anytime refuse a request from the uk ? 
  it sounds like our reasoning for back channeling this has more to do with political reasons and the fact that the uk was a very powerful nation and our direct involvement was n't critical to the outcome of the war . 
   thousands of soldiers slugging it out i 'm not denying that it was a conflict . 
  however you are talking about asking for american involvement in a conflict that was never a declared war but a maritime exclusion zone . 
  when you have people complaining that it was legal to kill in location a but not location b. . . it is n't a traditional war . 
  let 's get back on point , if the uk needed to invade argentina , we probably would have joined in . 
  if the uk was struggling , we probably would have joined in . 
  if the uk made a desperate plea for help , we probably would have joined in . 
  if the uk was ever under a serious threat , we would provide both the military support and have a major political movement centered around aiding the uk similar to what we do for israel . 
   i doubt argentina would have even put up a fight if the us threatened military force . 
  they were crazy enough to think they could get away with invading the falklands . 
  i would n't rule anything out . 
  people have decided to challenge the us military rather than give in on more than one occasion since 1945 . 
  how much assistance did the uk ask for/need ? 
  you won the `` war '' after two months which was more of a declared combat zone than your standard two belligerent nations holding no punches . 
  and again i must ask ? 
  did the uk even request direct assistance from the us ? 
  was there anything that the uk asked for that the us refused ? 
  we all know the role of the us in latin america . 
  it 's a region the us has to tread carefully with . 
  pretend ireland was a whole continent with over a dozen irish republics . 
  even if their cause was just the uk would have to tread carefully in a hypothetical scenario . 
  that scenario is what latin america is to the us . 
  the us has to tread carefully with south america given our history with the region . 
  the us gave a lot of support to the uk behind closed doors including offering an aircraft carrier . 
  make no mistake about it , if you fuck with an anglosphere nation the us wo n't hesitate to lay the hammer down . 
  technically ... yes . 
  however two of those cases are pretty borderline on the `` technically '' line . 
  three other states hold that distinction . 
  did n't the us offer an aircraft carrier and a number of other supporting roles that were off the record ? 
  also the us government is n't exactly well liked/trusted in latin america and has the reputation of over reaching in the affairs of those nations . 
  imagine how the irish would react if the uk openly supported their enemy ? 
  except in this situation we are talking about an entire continent rather than a single country . 
  its pretty clear to me that you are simply being a prick . 
  you choose one example that is clearly an outlier that anyone with common sense would recognize as an outlier ^ * and by my pointing out how that is an outlier it suddenly means my `` narrative starts to fall apart big time . '', 
  this is exactly what i said before . 
  with you it 's `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't . '', 
  kind of like you you complaining about americans being overly sensitive about wwi which is clearly not the case , but any american who says it is rarely discussed in the us and you go into a ridiculous tangent in order to bring up your own personal grudges that clearly predate this thread . 
  and you talk about this subreddit being `` typically more educated than the median . '', 
   finally , if you have n't noticed , this thread is chock-full of butthurt ` muricans like yourself , who claim not to care , but whose actions belie their words . 
  i just find it funny that you believe the only `` butthurt '' in this thread is coming from americans and not the euros complaining about this whole issue in the first place and using it to take shots at us ( the top comment is about this being an example of our ego ) . 
   i 'll grant you that europe remembers wwi in an official capacity more than the us which is all that i am saying nothing more nothing less . 
   you 're trying to create an alternative universe where every european is hyperaware of wwi you have some weird standards where a war has to be equal to wwii in order to be memorable . 
  in the us wwi is known/talked about as much as the war of 1812 . 
  i seriously doubt for euros a war that had such far reaching consequences it is n't at the very least on the same level as the acw is in the us . 
   this goes back to what i was saying before , a typical american response is often `` oh we do n't care '' is there a more acceptable response when we get called out for being overly sensitive for a war we care very little about ? 
   after literally spamming the thread with butthurt . 
  in response to a thread filled with ( including the top comment ) euros complaining about americans and our ego . 
  there 's a tread chain above us complaining about hollywood for crying out loud dude . 
  all of this is over what ? 
  producers catering to foreign markets ? 
  this happens everywhere including in the us where hollywood spends a scene or a minor character casting specifically to cater to asian audiences . 
   i saw the exact same pattern with the election of khan as mayor of london . 
  the top comment on / r/worldnews was `` are the americans are freaking out now ? '', 
  from a european . 
  the predictable response from the top-voted american ? 
  `` the average american does n't care '' .
