i never meant to imply that the usa is the only base here that has to deal with this . 
  the point i was making is that it is a large base , and does n't have a voice to make sure things do n't get out of hand . 
  the only difference here is the `` window '' limitations . 
  for all the crap that other flaired users get , they usually do n't run into problems regarding `` you 're not european you ca n't post this . '', 
  i 'm not looking to start an argument either , i put it on my application even though i wo n't be making this a key issue if i am lucky enough to actually be a mod , and yet it seems to be a center point of discussion . 
  you can claim all you want that it does n't exist , but for me personally i 've seen it , and i know it exists . 
  american flaired users have a much smaller window when contributing on here . 
  for example you automatically assumed i was making the worst proposal possible regarding american topics being allowed on here . 
  you did n't give me the benefit of the doubt that i was being somewhat rational and instead played right into the stereotype that americans want to `` americanize '' the topics on here which is an irrational proposal . 
  you are saying that this `` animosity '' can only exist if it 's direct call out comments , but that 's not entirely what i am talking about . 
  it is a lot of little things all coming together that expose the problem . 
  you can see it in the general attitudes expressed in various threads , you can see it in the way that certain arguments are shaped , and there are times when people explicitly state these attitudes . 
  you are essentially saying that it does n't exist , however i must remind you that as far as i can tell you do n't have a controversial flair and have thus never experienced it , and that in general , people who have these attitudes or are neutral regarding these attitudes are not quick to admit there is a problem . 
   if you feel that way i do n't think you are suited to be a mod . 
  to say that there is no truth to that statement is being untruthful . 
  whether or not `` toxic '' is the appropriate word is debatable , but there is to some extent an animosity that exists . 
  i would encourage you to consider trying american flair for awhile to put your opinion to the test . 
  the funny thing is that i agree with most of your post . 
  ** i am not advocating discussion about american issues being tolerated , but tolerating americans respectfully commenting on european issues . 
  ** there is a faction of this userbase that is like you and wants to see americans only discussions european issues on here , but there is also a faction that does n't want this to be a place for europeans and americans regardless of the topic at hand . 
  if you ca n't see the bold part as a fair proposal , then this is a good example of the issue at play , an issue that you say that should disqualify a mod candidate if they acknowledge its existence . 
  like i said , you are reaching for anything to criticize me no matter how trivial it is . 
  such as saying `` i 'm taking this too personal '' or making bold accusations saying `` i 'm fake overreacting . '', 
  not to mention how frequently you have misrepresented my statements . 
  it 's obvious that you are headhunting , and you are being a dick while doing it . 
   i 've checked again , in the last 2 months ( the maximum that reddit will let me see your comment history ) you 've made 2 posts here and both of them were one liners . 
  like i said earlier , i read this forum all the time , i just rarely comment . 
   and why do you think that would change ? 
  i never said it would change . 
  if a person thinks he can just walk in and change the culture of a major subreddit , he is 1 ) naive , and 2 ) is going to have a hard time . 
  like i said i 'm not going to lead a crusade to change this or make a big stink about it , i would more act as a voice to prevent a total steamroll . 
   mods if anything get downvoted a lot more than normal users , so if you did n't like seeing that your posts do n't get upvoted , you 're in for a surprise when you 'll see random post go to -20 simply because you 're a mod . 
  you 'd be a mod that worries about karma , which to be honest worries me . 
  it has nothing to do with me caring about the karma counts , but not having what you say received the way that it should be . 
  yes you get a lot of shit for being a mod and this place has a history of mod drama , but that 's the price you pay when you dedicate yourself to trying to make a community you like better . 
   and what are you going to do about the `` hypocritical crap slung at my country and seeing it upvoted to the top of the discussions . '' ? 
  that 's not going to change , that 's still going to happen , * you think you 're going to delete what you think are `` unfair '' descriptions of the usa ? 
  * seriously , where did i ever imply that i would do something like that ? 
  that 's literally the exact opposite of how i would operate , and how i think mods should operate . 
  i 've said time and time again about being a `` voice '' on this stuff . 
  that 's much different from actively moderating it out . 
  also if i did do that , some users would do it more often just out of spite , others would hate americans even more which defeats the whole purpose of doing it in the first place . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  you would still get downvoted to hell , a lot more than you 'd be downvoted simply as a user . 
  * i have no clue where you got this idea that if you 're a mod you 'd be protected from downvotes . 
  * i have no clue where you got the idea that i was thinking or implying that . 
  all i said is that i would post here more often if not for the downvote brigades/attitudes , i never said or even remotely implied that this would 1 ) stop 2 ) stop if i was a mod or 3 ) i was only looking to be a mod for karma . 
   i do n't know about that , the last american moderator we had also thought he knew better than the community and he 's now in the trash bin . 
  if we are going to go down that road then lets remember a couple of key details such as his being a mod of 130 + subs and the terrible attitude he brought here . 
  i never once said or implied that i am smarter than this community . 
  since you know my post history then you also saw my posts in / r/sports where i spoke out against their mod team setup which included criticizing the types of users they have recruited as mods because they fit a profile that was similar to davids . 
  i 'm not the hypocritical type . 
  i disagree with his style on multiple levels , and unlike him , i know exactly how this community should be treated . 
  if i do n't meet the criteria then i understand , especially with my lack of posts on here . 
  however i do n't want it to be because you are putting words in my mouth . 
  i am not going to bring an ignorant/naive philosophy on how to treat the community . 
  i am not going to lead a crusade of change . 
  i 'm certainly not going to use the moderator powers to get rid of posts simply because they piss me off . 
  i 've always liked this community and it 's the only place i would ever see myself moderating . 
  you know my post history which means you know that i have n't applied for a mod on other subreddits . 
  this is one of my favorite places , right now it has a mod call with no pre req , and i think that i can make this place better , hence the reason i am applying . 
  now that you have had your turn bashing me ( and other peoples applicants on here ) , it 's my turn : how can you possibly be impartial to my posts when you have yourself submitted an application ? 
  this is the textbook example of having an agenda . 
  and to say you were impartial with me is a joke . 
  on three different occasions you put words in my mouth , and throughout the process you were looking for anything to slam me on regardless of how ridiculous or trivial it may be . 
  i do n't think that you have had acceptable conduct in this thread , and i certainly believe that this is a red flag regarding a poster and gives me serious concerns as to whether you have the proper attitude to be a mod . 
  any response to this ? 
  https://i.gyazo.com/8cfd5c8100a7a176d856ad4b4a555b80.png this is by no means my first post here , and it 's actually fifth on my karma list when broken down by subreddit . 
  as explained elsewhere in this thread this is my second reddit account . 
  on my old account i posted here much more frequently . 
  a while back i just got sick of participating in the actual discussions on here because ( as mentioned elsewhere ) the attitude/rhetoric against or regarding americans on here is at best uninviting , at worst repulsive . 
  i did n't like participating in discussions knowing that my posts were not getting upvoted as much as they should be or having ridiculously unfair or hypocritical crap slung at my country and seeing it upvoted to the top of the discussions . 
  trust me when i say that i would post here ** a lot ** more if i had the opportunity to post in say a `` what happened in your country this week '' thread without risking getting hit with a downvote brigade because the userbase here does not want to include america in the discussion . 
  or if this place does n't have a `` we do n't want / r/europe to be a place where europeans discuss european issues * with * americans '' i did n't make that comment up , i was told that exact line on here once . 
  i still read this subreddit daily , i just do n't participate in the discussions anymore . 
  i am well versed in everything that goes on here , from a french bilingual google translate moderator and his use of meg\u00e0threads , to the issues regarding radical islam posts being allowed/removed . 
  i applied because i am a regular user , think that i can make this place better , and there was no pre-req that said `` you must have x number of comments here . '', 
  the anti-american stuff will not be a priority for me or something i will be leading a crusade on . 
  i think it would be a net benefit for the sub if an american user to keep that userbase from getting steamrolled . 
  regarding alternative subreddits : none of them are as good as this one , not by a longshot . 
  no offense / u/slyratchet by / r/askeurope has 4,563 users , 12 online at the time i am posting this . 
  it 's not a particularly well populated alternative , nor do i feel europeans who go there specifically to ask what others think about them reflects the general makeup of the european demographic . 
   how would you respond to the accusation that if you `` have no political leanings regarding europe '' it 's a fair counterpoint . 
  my response would be that because i do n't have a political interest in these events , that does n't mean i ca n't be knowledgable about them . 
  even as an american i can understand the pros & cons of a more federalized eu , or the refugee question . 
  when i think of this hypothetical , it reminds me of a comment i often see on sports forums : `` you are a fan of one of the teams that is rarely relevant , so you ca n't possibly know much about the sport . '', 
  in both cases i think it 's stupid to discredit someone for this rationale . 
  you never know just how knowledgable someone is , while location/fandom are obstacles , they are not barriers to being educated on a topic . 
  what i am simply proposing is that with me , you will know that i am not going to be pushing a particular agenda , which has been a hot topic in the past on here . 
   regarding what else you 've said : how would you respond to the opinion that / r/europe is a european subreddit and therefore , whilst xenophobia and racism against americans is obviously deplorable , the subreddit should nontheless remain a place for europeans exclusively , given that almost the entire rest of site is american by default , plus many european themed subreddits which largely cater to americans such as / r/askeurope ? 
  reddit has shown that time & time again that a subreddit can be anything it wants , no matter how disgusting or repulsive that may be . 
  if / r/europe wants to go down the path of doing something similar , then i fully support their right to do that . 
  but i know / r/europe and i know that this community wants to be more than that , and to be a special place that is welcoming and open , not a toxic dump . 
  this is a community that prides itself at being better than / r/european and this sort of attitude always rubbed me as hypocritical . 
  i believe that users of / r/europe want it to be the best subreddit possible and a hostility free one . 
  countering the hostile attitudes against a major userbase accomplishes this . 
  as a mod i am not going to say you have to put up with the `` murica fuck yeah '' bullshit , or that you have to like us , or even that you ca n't say negative things about us . 
  i just do n't want to see the entire userbase get steamrolled , and i think that is a very fair position to have . 
  on a side note : my account is new , the reason for that is that i do sports blogging . 
  on / r/cfb a lot of people were really enjoying my posts and wanted to see the actual blog , i was n't willing to attach my reddit account to my actual name ( which is used on the blog ) , so i made a new reddit account so that / r/cfb users could see my actual posts .
