  funny that it was leading on drudge for two days straight . 
  and inb4 `` drudge is tabloid , no serious media covered it '' . 
  it was front page of the nyt , of wapo . 
  i highly doubt that the average european newspaper in germany or france or the uk lead with the election of de blasio on their page as he got elected . 
  i always find this funny . 
  ` muricans always trying to tell us they do n't care , even as they go into our threads . 
  always trying to tell us they do n't care , even as they cover our politics in ways we would n't cover theirs . 
  we only really cover national american politics , i see more extensive coverage of european politics in the ` murican prestige press than i often read in my own . 
  the same with the refugee crisis . 
  i can go on . 
  but keep telling yourself the old ` murican mythology how you supposedly do n't care . 
  do n't forget which subreddit you are on , ` murican , and now tell me that one more time  so i 'm assuming you already had a gripe with americans due to this completely unnecessary rant of yours . 
  but then again you are the one complaining about american butthurt on this thread but are completely oblivious to why americans would be annoyed with many of the responses on here including contributions from you . 
  if you ca n't at the very least see a two way street in this thread then you are too blinded by your personal biases to have a real conversation . 
  but then again you are literally arguing / r/europe is not representative of europeans while citing / r/worldnews as representative of americans all while complaining about americans being too common in a / r/europe thread . 
  that 's literally a triple contradiction you have going there . 
  so i 'm not sure what i should expect from you . 
  then to top it off you are bringing up an example ( the london mayor being newsworthy due to his religion ) that is clearly an outlier for uk politics . 
  are you really going to claim the 2016 election is n't getting massive coverage in europe right now ? 
  my guess is that this is either a mistake or the game makers were focusing on their targeted audience . 
  if it was n't a mistake it probably has more to do with american users wanting to play the game as american troops and british users as british troops than americans having an inferiority complex about our role in the war . 
   i see you 're trying the old ` murican trick of `` we do n't care as much as you do '' . 
  yet i see the entire thread filled with americans . 
  you literally complained about americans refusing to accept that we did n't have a major role in wwi and i responded by pointing out that it is virtually a forgotten war in the us precisely because we did n't play a large role in it . 
  your attitude is `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't '' because whatever i say you will have an issue with it . 
   believe me , the vast majority of european gamers wo n't notice that america is in the game then why is / r/europe spending so much time on this issue ? 
   that truth can be hard for some americans to accept . 
  world war one is so over looked in american history books to the point that i do n't think most americans even care to prop up our role in it . 
  the list of major hollywood movies covering wwi is incredibly short and living in the us i doubt you would see any significant references to the 100th anniversaries of the war . 
  imo i tend to see europeans spending more time reminding people about the role of the us in that war than americans trying to pull the / r/murica about it . 
   there are also several taco bell restaurants on us bases , while we do n't even have that fast food chain in germany . 
  consider yourself lucky . 
  how often do they go off base and spend money ? 
  not trolling just wondering . 
  another notable example of this is toledo . 
  there 's also cities/towns called copenhagen , amsterdam , new berlin , south new berlin , south cairo , potsdam , mexico , naples , oh and a small region called west canada . 
  source : i live in this area . 
  `` 54 40 or fight '' is one of the most famous slogans in american politics and has to do with taking all of the pacific northwest from the british . 
  are there any other countries that identify as central european ? 
  it always seems like the choices are eastern , western , northern , or balkans . 
  can someone explain the czech one for me ? 
  germany never asked us to leave . 
  france did . 
  ask france . 
  eli5 : what is the large open area on the inside for ? 
  is that a town ? 
  it seems rather small for a town . 
  i do n't mind him . 
  piers morgan did n't exactly set the bar high for british tv personalities in the us . 
  eli5 : what is wrong with bohemia and how come that is n't already your name ? 
  what does `` mostly serbian '' even mean ? 
   it 's also telling that no emerging democracies choose the american system oh give me a break . 
  all the countries that have it are either a former british colony and/or have a monarchy . 
  at least i can defend my positions . 
  you ca n't . 
  like i said : you just prove your own bias and have reduced yourself to that of a troll who should n't be taken seriously . 
   yeah usa made the biggest crime against humanity for this century and you just prove your own bias have reduced yourself to that of a troll who should n't be taken seriously . 
  with iran/yemen and russia/crimea which have a lot of similarities . 
  not usa/iraq which was a completely different set of circumstances and not at all comparable . 
  is that how it works ? 
  lose an argument so you cite iraq ? 
  reminds me of the russian speaking population in ukraine that russia has been `` defending . '', 
  kind of like russia `` defending their interests '' in ukraine ? 
   proxy conflicts are not offensive wars . 
  soviet union was not in war with us just because they supported the vietnamese . 
  us was not in war against soviet union just because they supported the mujahideen in afghanistan . 
  if you want to say their funding a war and keeping it going does not count for anything because of an extreme technicality then fine . 
  then you might as well write off every war the usa ever fought under your `` offensive '' definition if we are going to use technicalities to stretch the truth . 
   and by middle-eastern standards , iran is not really that bad of a country . 
  except that is demonstrably false . 
  iran is ranked 154th on the 2016 democracy index . 
  saudi arabia is 159th . 
  the only middle east countries lower than iran on that ranking are saudi arabia and three countries that have been completely destabilized and ravaged by war ( libya 155 , yemen 156 , and syria 166 which is second from the bottom after north korea ) . 
   but they also have some surprisingly progressive things going on , such as being the only country in the world where you can legally sell your kidney . 
  is this a joke ? 
  if you were to ask me to list 500 examples of `` progressive political topics , '' selling one 's kidney would be far from it . 
  it 's comical to paint that as a progressive policy . 
  and iran being the only country that has it should show just how `` progressive '' it actually is . 
   drug rehabilitation is also way more advanced than it is in the rest of me . 
  okay this really is a joke . 
  * the entire adult male population of a village in southern iran has been executed for drug offences , according to iran 's vice-president for women and family affairs . 
  * * the matter came to light earlier this week after shahindokht molaverdi revealed it during an interview with the semi-official mehr news agency in rare comments from a senior government official highlighting the country 's high rate of executions of drug traffickers . 
  * * `` we have a village in sistan and baluchestan province where every single man has been executed , '' she said , without naming the place or clarifying whether the executions took place at the same time or over a longer period . 
  `` their children are potential drug traffickers as they would want to seek revenge and provide money for their families . 
  there is no support for these people . '' * * according to amnesty international , iran remains a prolific executioner , second only to china . 
  in 2014 , at least 753 people were hanged in iran , of whom more than half were drug offenders . 
  in 2015 , amnesty said it had recorded `` a staggering execution rate '' in the islamic republic , `` with nearly 700 people put to death in the first half of the year alone '' . 
  * this is the country you are praising for their emphasis on drug rehabilitation ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/26/all-adult-males-in-one-iranian-village-executed-for-drug-offences-official-says honestly : you clearly have an agenda and no idea what you are talking about . 
  i have news for you . 
  the western world did not harp on iran for `` supposedly '' building a nuke but because it was a serious and credible treat towards being used to obtain a weapon . 
  and if you want to act that iran should be held to the same standards as the western nations and their programs : well stuff like this disqualifies them from that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism you claim you are seeing a changing tide on reddit where people are shifting on iran verse saudi arabia . 
  all you have proven is that these redditors are incredibly misinformed on the issue and they have become misinformed thanks to guys like you with an agenda spreading false information . 
  it is not incorrect to paint saudi arabia as the worst nation in the middle east . 
  but it is incorrect to say anything but iran being a strong contender for second worst . 
   iran has not had an offensive war for over 200 years , and they are still punished by countries that have constantly waged war . 
  so what do you call their involvement in numerous proxy conflicts ? 
  not only is your statement not really hold true from a factual point of view , i have a hard time understanding how you paint iran as if it has n't caused any problems and completely omitting things such as the hostage crisis or their human rights violations . 
  also the `` i can finally see the opinions changing ... '' mentality is n't so much people thinking iran is n't a bad country but seeing saudi arabia as a worse country . 
  it 's almost always framed around `` yes iran is bad but saudi arabia is worse . '',
