your previous submission made much more sense . 
  very bad moderation . 
  you overestimate peoples capacity for verbal face to face communication which is getting worse with every generation . 
  is she high , mind controlled or just crazy ? 
  i am loving it . 
  people saying german is an angry sounding language always made me angry . 
  have an \u00d6 , keyboard-disadvantaged friend . 
  it will lead to reduced social security , lower wages and more crime . 
  besides that it will increase societal hostility . 
  i sure would like to live in the austria of your fantasies . 
  we 'll end up in a dystopian elysium like society : the european countries will eventually start defending their borders with military power once the immigrant capacity reaches it 's limit . 
  before that welfare systems in germany and other comparatively wealthy countries will collapse though . 
  uber does n't seem to be a big thing in austria : i do n't know anyone who ever tried it out and normal taxis are sufficient for me . 
  does uber offer significantly lower prices ? 
  i consider myself a nationalist in the sense that the interests of my fellow citizens come before the interests of all other people . 
  that includes protecting our culture and welfare-state by being selective in who we let into our country . 
  i am not proud to be austrian and have zero interests in our sports teams as they have nothing to with me at all , but since most of my friends and me are austrian , we should try our best to keep our country in good shape . 
  i 'd call that attitude `` national egoism '' . 
  if we were to use black paper we might use white font as a consequence . 
  that could be considered problematic as the white color is forced upon the black paper . 
  laughably small numbers of migrants , crazy high numbers of police and other workers . 
  this is not working very well for us at all . 
  i do n't get why people are so emotional over this . 
  from my experience and knowledge i highly doubt that the average american has a higher quality of life compared to the average austrian though . 
  no austrian media outlet seems to talk about this at all , although i constantly read new reports on molenbeek riots . 
  is this satire ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  or even more , if you can believe all the recent stories of intelligence services actually stopping attacks before they were executed . 
  `` piefke '' = derogatory term for germans `` piefgonisch '' = derogatory term for the german german language , instead of the austria german language `` friss meine geschmolzene schei\u00dfe ! '', 
  = `` eat my molten shit !, 
  '' , with eat as in ` eat like an animal ' . 
  why would they , it would only harm their economy . 
  in german , substantives have cases/genders , like there are three different versions of `` the '' : neutral noun : das essen ( the food ) masculine noun : der mann ( the man ) female noun : die frau ( the woman ) it seems to be incredibly hard to learn the correct cases for non native speakers , which is somewhat understandable as they follow a few loosely defined rules with tons of exceptions . 
  for example , many nouns that have nothing to do with gender/sex are female or male : der tisch ( the table , male ) , die kugel ( the sphere , female ) . 
  it 's the mark of the non native speaker . 
  but we have all that free stuff here !, 
  why ca n't we hand it out to all the people ? 
  that 's mean !, 
  everybody deserves to live as comfortably as we do !, 
  i guess they really think like that . 
  normal . 
  that 's 53x of what our home provider promises us , making it 100x of what we have . 
  is that even important ? 
  i honestly do n't know which is worse . 
  are they trying to catch up to russia ? 
  university is practically free in austria , fh tuition is about 400 $ for one semester . 
  your elite universities lead the rankings though , the only well known elite university in europe , besides a few english universities , is eth z\u00fcrich . 
  american software developers make at least 50 % more than us by default with much higher top salaries . 
  and unless you live with your parents you still need a significant amount of money to survive ... 
  i believe that in the end , you are off much better with your student debt , unless you got a worthless degree , something many americans seem to be fond of despite the necessary student loans . 
  many students i met at the universities and colleges i studied at slowly transition to live on their own while working on their degree , unless their parents are not from the city ( vienna , austria ) and they have to live alone if they want to stay here . 
  some live in dorms but many live in private , shared apartments . 
  having your parents pay for this is not unusual . 
  thanks to the introduction of fh ( fachhoschulen ; colleges ) which offer degrees that can be taken in the evening that allow working full-time jobs , more students gained the opportunity to live on their own early on . 
  i am working as a software developer and i am doing an evening bsc degree at a college . 
  meanwhile i am still a maggot living with his parents , which is becoming slightly unusual with me being 23 years old , but i am not ashamed and actually do not plan to move out any time soon . 
  my living expenses are extremely low and i can save more than 1000 $ a month while not even working full time . 
  i feel very privileged about this . 
  their reasons should be shocking to us but this topic is essentially ignored in mainstream mass media . 
  i 'd say no . 
  they are not necessarily profiling on the basis of them being gay but on the basis of them being easy victims due to the circumstances i previously mentioned . 
  them being gay could be coincidental even if 100 % of the victims are gay . 
  in the end it 's probably a philosophical question unless we hear about they tell us their motivation . 
  well at least they are not beating them up or whatever so it 's not exactly a hate crime . 
  i mean it 's bad , but at least they are not singled out for being gay but singled out for being open to meet weird strangers all alone . 
  good luck stuffing truckloads of young afghan men in airplanes , boats and buses with them knowing they are about to be brought back to the shitholes they came from . 
  i certainly would not let them take me back . 
  eventually they 'll have to end that state of emergency and open up the metro again . 
  that will be the absolutely perfect time to strike : the government will look like completely incompetent idiots if something happens right after ending their terror alert ... 
  i 'd only ever use `` good '' when things are above the expected average on the price level i am dining at . 
  `` fine '' means `` as expected '' to me , nothing less and nothing more , it certainly is not meant as insult . 
  i am allergic to the inflationary use of praise . 
  they will also spread homophobia . 
  and misogyny , the real one though . 
  this is really not surprising , everybody knew this would happen . 
  a disaster is currently going on that will throw us back many , many years . 
  scary . 
  it 's practically a modern day witch hunt . 
  what are the reasons for their intense , violent hate that goes far beyond simple exclusion though ? 
  what a pity . 
  why is it so hard to create national / right wing liberal parties ? 
  better get used to this ... 
  they are being sexual , how dare they !, 
  i wonder how far they will go in reality . 
  get all the possible taxes ? 
  or just some hush money ? 
  i do n't understand why the law is so very restrictive . 
  away with those who ca n't behave . 
  what a joke , who cares about all this nonsense ? 
  we have the same kind of test in austria . 
  meanwhile illegal pover migrants are let in without any limit . 
  a society that became gentle and non violent over time will not survive if you let in millions of people who have lots of experience with violence . 
  it is sad . 
  the young people left those villages for a reason . 
  wo n't the imported young people leave for the same reasons eventually ? 
  the jury should just be abolished . 
  looking at the demographic changes and the expected development of the job market it 's inevitable . 
  i would love to be hopeful , but i am fairly certain that we will get our very own molenbeek soon . 
  there are still tons of people who say `` anyone but the fp\u00d6 , anyone but hofer !, 
  '' , but van der bellen is a conceited professor whom many consider as detached from the peoples needs .
