croatia still up to this day rejects to open an investigation about genocide in the ww2 . 
  wonder why ? 
  many far-right people want casualties to be recounted in jasenovac as they do n't believe in the numbers . 
  reopening the question of genocide in croatia is a revisionist idea for most part , and many are n't friendly towards it . 
  people who stand next to corpses of loved ones should n't be considered relevant in decision making affecting the perpetuators that as they are highly biased , regardless of what they think . 
  you are making up things . 
  i repeat , extermination camps did n't need 4 million people to be run . 
  as much i know , none of my ancestors were involved in that . 
  communists stole vast properties from nazis post-ww2 , of which large parts were given to serbs . 
  in downtown zagreb and istria , many stolen properties are currently owned by serbs as result of that . 
  you are either ignorant of history , or are maliciously making up things . 
  it 's always hard to find consensus on truth , near impossible . 
  countries are ruled by politicians , which will try to wash or hide their crimes or crimes of their allies , while making up or amplifying crimes of their enemies . 
  there is always large concern of fabricated claims when it comes to things as these . 
  neutral subjects thus should n't censor debate on it . 
  you are accusing them of that , they were never found guilty of that . 
  if a fair and objective trial founds guilt on them case-by-case ( even though i am against capital punishment ) , they could have been sanctioned that way . 
  however , they indiscriminately killed them without anything of that . 
  it is a war crime of large scale . 
  if you vote for anti-establishment , be sure russia will find its way into that anti-establishment somehow . 
  not surprised at all . 
  you do n't know them personally at all , and neither do i. 
  the event was still a crime . 
  you ca n't kill pows out of revenge . 
  i did n't kill anyone . 
  croatian mass killings of serbs during ww2 were within the time-frame of the holocaust . 
  vietnamese killings were n't on european soil . 
  i never denied that there was a massacre . 
  i have the feeling that israel is kind of not anti-hitler . 
  some will say it is n't true , but lets say many wo n't care if you are pro-hitler if you support them against arabs . 
  in fact , netanyahu himself tried to shift blame from hitler to arabs for the holocaust . 
  then that 's another story . 
  in croatia ` bleiburg massacre ' is for all the various events and massacres in that context . 
  with such a definition of genocide , i can agree that it were n't genocide ( unless there were minor cases where that was the case ) . 
  i also agree that massacres can never be the same as forced expulsions . 
  so , ultimately then , i do agree on srebrenica that it should be considered as genocides with definitions such as . 
  you are correct . 
  i was referring to another comment which i mixed up with you :  is it really politics ? 
  is n't the wording of the title mainly due to the un 's failings 22 years ago ? 
  i do n't see why that is hypocrisy and lies . 
  you said that the un made such claims because they were partially responsible for it . 
  that means the were biased , which can only negatively affect their reputation on international issues . 
  you do n't understand the issue i have . 
  there were countless similar events not deemed as genocide , like removal of germans in post-war europe . 
  why is that not considered genocide , but srebrenica is ? 
  it does since it just makes further claims of how biased and as such irrelevant the un is . 
  pows did n't have weapons but were massacred . 
  no , there is n't a lot of hate , i just consider many international institutions and organisations deemed as relevant by the wider society as completely biased . 
  relevant persons that deny the genocide in srebrenica : * phillip corwin , former un civilian affairs coordinator in bosnia * lewis mackenzie , former commander of the united nations protection force ( unprofor ) in bosnia * the srebrenica research group , a group led by edward s. herman and including two former un officials * israeli holocaust scholar yehuda bauer * the director of the simon wiesenthal center office in israel , efraim zuroff it just is n't something universally regarded as such . 
  there is controversy , many think it is politicised ( just as the term genocide generally is since it 's considered the biggest crime against humanity ) . 
  i as a completely neutral person on this subject , do not agree with the definition since countless events of ethnic cleansing of similar or greater proportion , happened , whether in former yugoslavia or elsewhere , and are not attributed as genocide . 
  if people disagree with me based upon the icty and icj decisions , or other cases , that is fine , but i do not see the point in censoring anything that i claim since i deem my claims as fair , objective and unbiased . 
  the un as such is a failure , so of course they are failing times and times again . 
  if they use their failures to perpetuate lies and myths , it even further proves how ridiculous they are . 
  of course there is . 
  if i claim that similar events which happened are n't regarded as genocide , and cite those events , it is neutral , objective and factual . 
  i am not telling them to do that , but if they want to ban denial of genocides , they have to make a list of the ones they want to censor any debate upon , otherwise denial of clearly unrecognised genocides is going to be subject to bans as well , while it should n't since it 's ridiculous . 
  ` eu other ' - lol . 
  i use my brain . 
  i wish others did so as well . 
  this subreddit just as most platforms for ` open discussions ' are highly censored in favour of western mainstream narrative . 
  if people get offended by open , unbiased , neutral and factual discussions or claims , they should stay out of them . 
  boards such as these should n't be used to safeguard certain people from reality . 
  it just shows how politicised the un is . 
  sadly , most people do n't see through their hypocrisy and lies . 
  then they should create a list which explicitly prohibits denying those , even though that would seem as ridiculous . 
  bleiburg massacre incorporates all crimes in that context , including tezno . 
  so if i claim a massacre that is n't universally regarded as genocide is a genocide , and a person claims that that is n't genocide , he gets banned ? 
  i agree it was a horrible crime . 
  of course it was a crime and both the ones that did and did n't surrender , were killed . 
  ` fascist soldiers ' were n't necessarily working in extermination camps . 
  there were multiple types of people there , incl . 
  civilian refugees , serbs , which were indiscriminately killed without trial . 
  i agree . 
  i just think the label of genocide is wrong and is politicised to give a bad name to serbs . 
  the massacre in srebrenica did n't significantly harm the bosniak population in total . 
  i mean , there were of course villages which had their whole population eradicated that way , whether in europe or bosnia , but i do n't recall ever using the word genocide for those except in this case . 
  blaiburg massacre - days after holocaust ended , tens of thousand people killed . 
  there is a lot of controversy due to the title . 
  first of all , the numbers are measured in thousands in srebrenica . 
  in the bleiburg massacre , which happened just days after the holocaust ended , tens of thousands were massacred . 
  so , i do consider that a bigger crime as such . 
  also , some may dispute the name of genocide since , again , the numbers are in thousands of a population that has several million . 
  i disagree that it 's the worst crime since the holocaust . 
  talks about pollution in macedonia/europe , shows picture of smog in ... new delhi , india . 
  this is a regretable decision . 
  i do n't know why but i really do n't like douglas murray , he seems like a nice guy at first but then you realise he is pretentious af . 
  i always thought it was around 1:50 , but 1:100 , damn that disproportionate ... 
  we need self-sustaining birth levels . 
  it 's as i said , the negativity , words , attitute ( juncker saying ` brexit can only fail ' etc. ) . 
  even if true , you do n't need to say it . 
  because it does n't want any worse relations any more ? 
  but the rights were part of a treaty which can be legally terminated . 
  i have been reading on this topic for quite a while , the eu is taking the stance of a bully imo . 
  you can disagree , but i see it like that and i am sure many british very much see it like that . 
  yes it would be good if it would be like that but we ca n't just blackmail them or say no deal is possible if they do n't change citizen rights . 
  even if no deal ultimately is possible , just do n't say it , say some nicer words , better attitude . 
  that 's all really what i 'm asking for . 
  i believe it will affect their view on eu citizens , but again we can agree to disagree . 
  i am just saying we need a different attitude and nicer words .
