  i disagree with you since the eu behaviour towards the uk will translate into the behaviour of british people towards eu citizens living in the uk . 
  i believe that the best way to guarantee well-being of eu citizens in the uk is maintaining friendly and close relationship with the uk in a just and fair manner . 
  no lol . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know but this will be closed since such topics are for r/askeurope, 
  to have a fair and reasonable deal with britain . 
  threats and outright rejections of any possible deal if britain does n't conform to eu demands do not seem very constructive or nice to me . 
  to me it seems that way though , the whole process as such since brexit began , and i believe that in britain it is seen very much like that and that they view the things the eu says and does in recent times as quite hostile . 
  i do n't know about the details , but if they want to limit rights of eu citizens living in the uk , why make such a big issue of it ? 
  why ca n't we just compromise with the uk instead of being bullies ? 
  our news reported the same , but ( some ) refugees claim otherwise ( even though none provided hard evidence of mistreatment except witnesses ( other refugees ) ) . 
  but there is also this thing that croatia rejects most asylum applications , especially if they were already rejected elsewhere , so i do n't know on what terms croatia is with refugees . 
  [ croatia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_shatt ), 
  croatia - i hate how hot it is here in zagreb during summer , and cold during the winter . 
  the reason is very simple , such extremes stress out my body . 
  i do n't self identify as homophobic , but i guess in real life it ends like that because there is more to being homosexual than sexuality itself . 
  i do n't identify merkel as right wing at all . 
  i think many share my views , especially in america . 
  of course they would because they would feel insecure around me . 
  i understand that . 
  i am not trying to make anyone feel bad with such comments , but you ca n't expect others to accept you no matter what . 
  if you want to fit society , learn how to do so . 
  i am just saying the major issue right wing people have with homosexuals , at least when it comes to me , is n't their sexuality itself , but behaviour and appearance . 
  i am not trying to offend here anyone , but if you want for more acceptance , there are programmes where they resocialise homosexual people i think to appear more mainstream . 
  i at least do n't pretend like most people . 
  it is natural for people to distance themselves from deviant appearing people . 
  if someone feels being avoided , one of the reasons might be due to appearing deviant . 
  seems more like a suggestoion than rule . 
  what 's the point ? 
  i personally am right wing and i do n't know what you are exactly referring to , but i personally do not like to be associated with strongly feminised guys and deviant appearing people . 
  i know it hurts , but it 's the way it is . 
  if homosexual people care about acceptance , they should try seek for specialist help that can teach them how to appear more normal . 
  for many right wingers ( real ones ) she is worst . 
  i would say more than that , but they may ban me due to censorship here . 
  merkel is n't right wing . 
  i am just for a fair eu . 
  it is impossible to maintain a single market if everyone will act independently . 
  if certain national policies create disbalances in other parts of the eu , i do not see issues in trying to balance them out through common eu policy . 
  the eu may have the tools to act though . 
  scientists in do use race , especially in [ medicine ] ( http://www.the-scientist.com/?articles.view/articleno/38950/title/on-race-and-medicine/ ) . 
  but again , all taxonomical classes are made up . 
  if there is consensus that certain ones are obsolete and should be dismissed , that is fine , but right at this moment , classifying people into races can make some things easier , especially for things such as hair care products . 
  it is easier to develop a product for a certain race ( even within that you have different needs ) , than developing universal ones . 
  for purpose of genetically dividing people in science [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_genetic_clustering ) is how it is done . 
  no , haplogroups are only very specific genes which are interesting for certain purposes , they are n't useful for dividing people since they account for very small part of dna . 
  that 's not true . 
  can anyone explain to me why is a ` one human race ' prefered over ` one human species ' ? 
  i mean , all that i care call it what you want , but only the later is something we all agree upon . 
  and it really is n't only white supremacists that divide people into races , pretty liberal people , especially ethnic people , are incredibly proud of their race and consider it important part of their identity . 
  correct , and the uk is now leavig the eu for that , and poles are a vastly smaller population than africans . 
  now immagine open borders with africa and what political outcomes it would have for the eu . 
  if rules changed , i would n't know . 
  from what i know , though , there is no such issue , the only issue is other member states pressing such issue and as such creating issues where in reality there would be none in implementing schengen . 
  sorry i deleted because i genuinely did n't want to debate , but since you already replied . 
  higher gdp is generally tied to higher energy consumption . 
  depending on what energy source you use , you may also increase co2 emissions . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  now , whether non-fossil sources of energy are sufficient for current energy needs , i would n't know . 
  if you did n't become part of schengen , it means you are n't part of schengen , which is untruthful . 
  yes . 
  co2 , not c02 . 
  as for the graph , i think it is irrelevent regarding climate change since economic activity and economic growth is driving climate change . 
  as such , i do n't see the purpose of it such as . 
  i do think that almost everyone is appalled , especially the ones that were there , since it is just a folklore event where people meet and have fun . 
  totally unrelated to politics , sports or any other issue where people conflict . 
  however , never , ever , take online comments as relevant indicator of public opinion . 
  you are saying that , even though , i never felt there is that sentinment in croatia at all . 
  some want to ignite such sentinment due to the new wave of anti-islam politics in europe . 
  you did lie . 
  you claimed it is illegal to join the eu without solved border disputes . 
  that is evidently a lie . 
  again , it is not true . 
  they still became part of the schengen with existing border disputes . 
  as such , i do not think anything changed meanwhile regarding schengen . 
  it does n't change that you were lying . 
  you are lying . 
  savudria was part of croatia since 1954 . 
  you are lying . 
  well , netherlands and belgoum were part of schengen for a long time , but solved a border dispute only last year - http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/belgium-netherlands-land-swap-agreement-river-meuse-borders-a7445751.html, 
  your point ? 
  if you looked up the border disputes , you would see that both with montenegro and serbia , croatia had jurisdiction over those areas during yugoslavia . 
  about the bosnian dispute i do n't know anything . 
  even if you do , it does n't change that it is n't right or constructive . 
  i ca n't control my government , i do not support them dictating borders with our neighbours based upon our eu membership . 
  it would be good to use the application process to boost ties with our neighbours meanwhile , but if our government fucks up in that , i ca n't do anything about it . 
  many schengen members have unresolved [ border disputes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_territorial_disputes#europe ) . 
  i did n't say they would n't , but if they did , it will be seen as very hostile from the other side . 
   `` croatia lost two years in the accession talks because of slovenia 's blockade and no one from the european institutions has ever apologised for the fact that our progress was stopped because of a bilateral issue that had nothing to do with the accession process , '' the croatian leader added . 
  this is the core of the whole dispute from the croatian side . 
  i do n't think it is about erdogan specifically , but i very much do think that croats feel encouraged by people from west europe to sabotage relations with turks as part of the recent major changes in their attitudes towards the muslim world and especially turkey . 
  got ta love voting for your own country even if you do n't dring alcohol at all and think all beer tastes the same . 
   do you really want to use this man as an example of how people from slavonia think ? 
  he could be , but i personally still believe it was rather part of the recent resurgence of anti-muslim/far-right sentinment in europe than balkan-ottoman historical conflict . 
  yeah , it definitely is n't an event where such thing would even remotely been appropriately . 
  the perpetuator is long known to the police . 
  i would n't be surprised if he were a ` proffessional provocateur ' that only seeks how to make scenes , regardless of his political ideology . 
  however , i still doubt it is a coincidence he targeted the turkish group . 
  so it may be a mix of factors , but turkish/muslim reputation in europe is very low right now . 
  it claims that some witnesses claim he had been flirting with a girl and later attacked that same girl . 
  i also do n't think it was a thing compared to countries like greece or serbia , but we have to understand that slavonia was especially the victim of ottoman imperialism so maybe people there think differently than in other parts of croatia .
